To be a world-class gymnast with a cabinet full of gold medals, you have to be a little bit fearless. You have to be willing to try daring and dangerous skills. You have to not back away from … feeding a giraffe with your mouth?
OK, maybe that last part isn't required to become an Olympic gold medal-winning gymnast, but Aly Raisman and Simone Biles did it before their Sports Illustrated swimsuit edition shoot.
Simone didn't hesitate.
in honor of Sports Illustrated swimsuit edition coming out VERY soon | here's a little piece of our fun day before the shoot (giraffe kisses) 💛 A post shared by Simone Biles (@simonebiles) on Feb 14, 2017 at 3:58pm PST
Aly did for a second but then wanted to try it again.
@si_swimsuit with @simonebiles 😍 A post shared by Alexandra Raisman (@alyraisman) on Feb 14, 2017 at 4:59pm PST
The swimsuit edition featuring them both comes out this week.
VANCOUVER — A blind Victoria man has lost his discrimination complaint in British Columbia's highest court.
In a unanimous ruling, a panel of the B.C. Court of Appeal finds Graeme McCreath and his guide dog, Adrienne, were not discriminated against when they were refused a taxi ride in July 2014.
McCreath claimed systemic discrimination when a driver with Victoria Taxi said he could not allow dogs in his car because of his allergies.
The driver refused to transport McCreath and his dog, but arranged for another taxi that arrived within minutes.
Both Human Rights Tribunal and the B.C. Supreme Court rejected the man's complaint, finding the taxi company had demonstrated there was a valid and reasonable justification for the discrimination.
McCreath took the matter to the Court of Appeal, but it has now dismissed the case, ruling the taxi company is also required to meet the special needs of its own drivers.
"It was the duty to accommodate drivers with disabilities that provided the bona fide and reasonable justification for the discrimination against Mr. McCreath because any further effort to accommodate Mr. McCreath would have resulted in discrimination against the drivers," Justice David Tysoe said on behalf of the panel.
Justice Gail Dickson and Justice Gregory Fitch concurred with Tysoe's reasons which dismissed the appeal without costs.
The Canadian Press
Alain Vigneault needed convincing to open the season with the Ryan McDonagh-Kevin Shattenkirk first pair on defense that seemed a natural to just about everyone other than the Blueshirts head coach.
Shattenkirk was too much of an offensive guy who merited offensive-zone starts and Vigneault relied too much on McDonagh for defensive-zone starts to feel comfortable giving that assignment to someone else.
But it didn't seem as if the coach had another reasonable option at his disposal. After four periods of generally sloppy and sometimes disastrous play in the defensive zone, he created one. Starting with the second period of Saturday's loss in Toronto, Vigneault shifted the left-handed McDonagh to the right side and moved Marc Staal up from the third pair to be the captain's partner.
Hands, please, if you had Staal — stalwart skating with McDonagh in Sunday's 2-0 victory over the Canadiens at the Garden, and likely the club's best defenseman through the first three games — as the club's first-pair shutdown guy.
“What?” Staal deadpanned after the Blueshirts' first victory of 2017-18 following a pair of discouraging defeats. “You didn't?”
Last season ended with Staal's tenure on Broadway in jeopardy. There was the possibility of a buyout following a second half in which he struggled to keep up after returning from a midseason concussion. When the Rangers instead bought out Dan Girardi, chatter persisted into and throughout camp that Staal's spot in the top six, if not on the roster, was in jeopardy.
“I got kind of sick of that kind of talk,” Staal told The Post. “I'm not denying that there was a reason for it with the way the season ended for me, but I came into camp determined to let my play do my talking for me.
“It was tough. Of course there are going to be questions with the way we lost in the playoffs. Obviously I needed to be better than the way I played, especially in the Ottawa series. But I never thought I was done.”
Staal is the second senior Ranger to Henrik Lundqvist, the alternate captain's Broadway run having begun in 2007-08. When healthy, when physical, when able to keep it simple, he can be an extremely effective player.
“I approached this season a little bit differently,” he said. “I was a little more angry.”
On a night when Vigneault scratched 18-year-old center Filip Chytil, whom he had benched for the final 33 minutes, 3 seconds Saturday, and dressed seven defensemen for the fifth time in his five years behind the Rangers bench, McDonagh started on the right side for the 16th time in his career. For the 14th time, Staal was on his left.
The duo was by far the steadiest of the remodeled tandems Vigneault constructed to play in front of Lundqvist, who originally had not been slated to start, but got the call after having been pulled in Toronto after allowing five goals on 17 shots in the first period. Not only did the coach bench Chytil, but he also sat Brendan Smith, who had a horrid night in his hometown in the 8-5 defeat to the Maple Leafs.
Thus, while Shattenkirk and Brady Skjei comprised the second pair, Vigneault went with a Nick Holden-Steven Kampfer third pair. Tony DeAngelo, extremely skittish in Toronto, got just 2:08 at even-strength and 3:45 overall as the seventh defenseman.
The Rangers survived overwhelming 5-on-5 attempt numbers the wrong way through two periods (19 for and 39 against), many of which were racked up against the Holden-Kampfer duo. But Lundqvist, who seemed to be groping early, elevated his game after a pair of would-be Montreal goals within the first 8:59 were appropriately taken off the board following reviews.
“It helps when you get two goals scored that are not goals,” said Staal, plus-one in 19:08 of work. “We were able to take a breath after that and get into our game.”
Staal admitted he was uncertain whether the Rangers would buy him out. Instead they bought out Girardi, probably because he had three years remaining on his contract as opposed to Staal's four.
“Me and G knew something was going to happen,” Staal said. “Obviously I wasn't inside the four walls, so it was just a wait-and-see.”
It remains to be seen whether this alignment will stick. It remains to be seen whether Staal can stay healthy and whether he will be able to maintain as the pace of the game accelerates throughout the season.
“Just because I'm 30 doesn't mean I can't play,” Staal said. “I'm looking to put all that talk behind me.”
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) — A 64-year-old Blaine man is in custody after an officer-involved shooting incident in the city Sunday evening.
According to the Anoka County Sheriff's Office, officers were dispatched at 6:46 p.m. to the 3200 block of 91st Curve NE on a domestic assault call.
The caller reported that a man was allegedly threatening others with a butcher knife and was threatening to slit the throats of the occupants of the home. The man was also reportedly brandishing a handgun.
Since Blaine police officers were already on priority calls for service, they requested assistance from the Centennial Lakes Police Department. Two Centennial Lakes police officers were close and responded.
Upon arrival, the officers came into contact with the suspect, who was still brandishing the handgun. The suspect was not compliant and a single shot was fired by one of the officers. No one was hit by the officer's shot.
The suspect was arrested after an officer deployed a Taser. No one was injured by the suspect.
The suspect has been identified as Dayle Alan Branson. He was taken to the Anoka County Jail after being arrested for second-degree assault. He has yet to be formally charged.
The officer-involved shooting will be investigated by the Anoka County Sheriff's Office Criminal Investigation Division.
Kendall Baptist Hospital hosts a community session on the Zika virus
Pregnant woman recovers from brain surgery at UHealth
1:01
If there were a hubris meter inside the Oklahoma Capitol this week, it would have exploded.
Less than 24 hours after the 2017 session was gaveled to order, the Senate Judiciary Committee approved a series of proposals that would radically change the way the state's top judges are selected, even though there is no compelling reason to do so.
It was a breathtaking power grab that aimed at obliterating state government's checks-and-balances and handing control of appellate courts to the highest bidders.
As you know, the state's high courts – especially the Supreme Court – is a favorite whipping post of the Legislature's Republican supermajority and Gov. Mary Fallin, usually after jurists rule lawmakers out of line legally and constitutionally.
Judicial overreach, wail the powers-that-be, sounding far less statesmanlike than preschooler.
No, it's actually an important concept known as checks-and-balances – a cornerstone of our democratic republic aimed at ensuring the whims of the powerful can't steamroll the rights of the less powerful.
Unfortunately, Sens. Anthony Sykes, R-Moore, and Nathan Dahm, R-Broken Arrow, seem to think judges who apply state law and the Oklahoma Constitution, without fear or favor, ought to be replaced by ones more easily buffeted by partisanship and big money.
In a series of proposals, the judiciary committee's chair and co-chair, respectively, hope to ensure the courts serve as a rubber stamp for whatever a special interest-dominated Legislature decrees.
First, they would ask voters (Sykes' Senate Joint Resolution 42) to turn nonpartisan, retention elections of appellate court jurists into partisan affairs – a dangerous proposal in a political era awash in dark money. How will we know for sure which deep-pocketed special interests are bankrolling which candidates? We won't – at least not until it becomes clear from court rulings who are buttering the jurists' bread.
Second, in the event voters wisely reject partisan elections, they would be asked to change the rules (Dahm's Senate Joint Resolution 14) so that appellate judges must receive 60 percent of retention ballot votes to keep their seats. Majority rules? How quaint. Think how much easier it would be for well-heeled special interests to target specific jurists, pouring just enough money into smear campaigns to prevent an incumbent from reaching the supermajority.
Third, if voters won't change the rules, the Legislature might. Sykes' Senate Bill 700 would radically alter the way appellate court vacancies are filled. Currently, a 15-member Judicial Nominating Commission recommends three candidates to the governor, who then makes the final decision. Sykes wants a new six-member panel – three appointed by the Senate president, three by the House speaker – choosing the candidates.
“These are important reforms,” insisted Senate President Pro Tem Mike Schulz, “that would shift the balance of power in the judicial appointment process in Oklahoma away from trial lawyers and back to the people.”
Really? The JNC is composed of six lawyers – selected by the state bar and not all of whom would be considered “trial” lawyers – and nine non-lawyers. You need not remove shoes and socks to calculate nine is larger than six.
The Sykes-Dahm effort is far more dangerous than routine political grandstanding in which lawmakers introduce solutions for nonexistent problems, hoping to curry favor with important voting blocs.
This threatens to forever tip the scales of justice in favor of the state's deepest pockets by destroying a system – enacted after a 1960s Supreme Court bribery scandal – that has worked splendidly for half a century, nary a whiff of venality.
Heads up, Oklahoma. The Sykes-Dahm blueprint for neutering the judiciary may best be described as the Audacity of Dopes. But it's no laughing matter.
Arnold Hamilton is editor of The Oklahoma Observer, okobserver.net.
Chaminade's Thaddius Franklin (17) fumbles the ball as the American Heritage's Nesta Silvera (99) gives chase in a game this past September. Silvera is a key UM oral commitment. AL DIAZ adiaz@miamiherald.com
Bee Shaffer leaving 'Late Night' for a job in theater A source told us, “Bee is going to work for Ambassador Theatre Group,” although details are still being hammered out.
Anna Wintour's daughter is dating Vogue Italia editor's son Francesco Carrozzini has lived in a townhouse for years on MacDougal Street that shares a private garden with Wintour's home.
Image copyright @bagsy Image caption Bagsy posted this drawing of Michael Sheen on a bag for life on Twitter
Michael Sheen has tweeted his approval of a new image that has surfaced of him on a supermarket bag for life.
The actor said in a Twitter post that he was "honoured" to be featured in the drawing by Welsh graffiti artist Bagsy.
Bagsy, an anonymous artist whose signature bears a resemblance to that of anonymous street artist Banksy, operates in the Rhondda Valleys.
The artist also tweeted a picture of a bag for life featuring Welsh footballer Joe Allen.
Previous ballpoint pen images include Plaid Cymru leader Leanne Wood and 19th Century mine-owner Archibald Hood.
Bagsy, whose gender remains unknown, also tweeted they might stage an exhibition in the Rhondda "soon".
(Cass County Sheriff's Office via AP, File). FILE - This file photo provided by the Cass County Sheriff's Office in Fargo, N.D., shows Brooke Crews, who pleaded guilty Dec. 11, 2017, to conspiracy to commit kidnapping and murder and lying to law office...
(Michael Vosburg/The Forum via AP, Pool). FILE - In this Dec. 11, 2017, file photo, Brooke Crews, who is accused of killing a pregnant neighbor so she and her boyfriend could keep the baby, appears in state district court in Fargo, N.D., on with attorn...
By DAVE KOLPACK
Associated Press
FARGO, N.D. (AP) - A North Dakota woman who earlier admitted killing a pregnant neighbor to get her baby did it by cutting the baby from the mother's womb as she faded in and out of consciousness, prosecutors said Friday.
Brooke Crews, 38, was sentenced to life in prison without parole in a hearing that for the first time detailed the August death of Savanna Greywind, 22, of Fargo.
Ashton Matheny, the baby's father, said learning how his baby was born and his girlfriend died "tore me apart." Greywind's mother, Norberta Lafontaine-Greywind, fought back tears, but said she was satisfied with the sentence - the toughest Crews could have received.
Prosecutors said the two women argued, and Greywind was pushed and briefly knocked out before Crews began cutting her. Greywind eventually bled to death, they said.
East Central District Judge Frank Racek cited the predatory and cruel nature of the crime in handing down the maximum sentence.
Crews, wearing orange prison clothing and cuffed at the wrists, cried as she read a statement of apology. She said she wished she could take the family's pain.
"There is no excuse. There is no rationalization. There is nothing," she said. Later, she showed no emotion as the judge passed sentence.
Crews' boyfriend, William Hoehn, faces a May trial in the case. He has pleaded not guilty. Prosecutors had cited his pending trial in withholding public details of Greywind's death earlier.
Prosecutors asked for a sentence of life in prison with no parole. Defense attorney Steven Mottinger had asked for less, pointing out Crews admitted guilt without any promise of leniency.
"Acceptance of responsibility is important," Mottinger said in court. "It has to mean something."
Greywind was eight months pregnant when she disappeared in August, sparking extensive searches. Kayakers found her body wrapped in plastic in a river. The baby was found alive in the apartment Crews shared with Hoehn.
Norberta LaFontaine-Greywind, one of four family members to give statements during sentencing, said that what Crews did was "beyond evil," and said she was suffering horrific nightmares. Her husband, Joe Greywind, said the family is trying to heal, "but we find it nearly impossible."
Fargo Police Chief Dave Todd earlier called Greywind's death a "cruel and vicious act of depravity."
Crews initially claimed that Greywind gave up her newborn daughter, but she later admitted taking advantage of the woman to get the child, according to court documents.
Hoehn told police he came home on Aug. 19 to find Crews cleaning up blood in their bathroom. Hoehn said Crews presented him with an infant girl and said: "This is our baby. This is our family." Hoehn told police he took garbage bags containing bloody shoes and his bloody towels and disposed them away from the apartment complex.
A bill in Congress aimed at protecting Native American women and girls from violence, abduction and human trafficking is named for Greywind. Savanna's Act, introduced by Democratic Sen. Heidi Heitkamp would improve tribal access to certain federal crime information databases and create standardized protocols for responding to cases of missing and murdered Native Americans.
It also would require an annual report that would include statistics on missing and murdered Native American women.
"You would never wish this suffering on anybody, on anybody's family, on anybody's sister or daughter or mother," said Gloria Allred, attorney for the Greywind family. "But the only good that will come out of it ... is more attention to change on this issue for other Native American women in the future."
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
FILE - In this Monday, May 14, 2018, file photo, Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov prepares to take a question during a news conference in Moscow, Russia. Russia's foreign ministry said in a statement on Wednesday that Lavrov would hold talks with North Korea's foreign policy chief to discuss bilateral issues as well as the overall situation on the Korean peninsula. Alexander Zemlianichenko, File AP Photo
The Brand South Africa Nation Brand Forum 2017 again gathered business, government and media experts to discuss the marketing of the country's national global reputation in light of recent geopolitical and global economic changes. The event was addressed by Communications Minister Ayanda Dlodlo.
The Nation Brand Forum is aimed at creating an open platform for engagement between the government, business and civil society for the development of new ideas that will improve the global perception of the country. The theme of this year's forum, held in Johannesburg on 5 October, was “Positioning the South African nation brand in an era of emerging market globalisation”.
The forum was opened by Brand South Africa CEO Dr Kingsley Makhubela, with a welcoming address by Communications Minister Ayanda Dlodlo. There were two panel discussions that put forward a number of new thoughts on nation branding and global perceptions.
Brand builder
Dlodlo began by paying tribute to late anti-apartheid struggle stalwart Oliver Tambo. In a year in which the country celebrates Tambo's 100th birthday, Dlodlo said it was appropriate to remember him and his legacy as a leading nation brand builder for South Africa.
“It is both fitting and inspiring to recognise his role as the foremost brand architect of our new nation and country… We must be inspired by the ideals that prompted him as an ardent campaigner for human rights, an internationalist and an activist for peace and prosperity… Oliver Tambo spent his entire life pursuing the dream of building solidarity between South Africa and the world.”
She also highlighted the importance of the National Development Plan's Vision 2030, the country's long-term socio-economic development roadmap, in developing the South African nation brand.
“The [National Development Plan] envisions a South Africa where everyone feels free yet bounded to others, where everyone embraces their full potential, a country where opportunity is determined not by birth, but by ability, education and hard work… To ensure that this vision becomes a reality, we are making strides through efforts such as the Nation Brand Forum to collectively implement measures that promote the transformation of the economy and focused efforts that build the country's capabilities, thus resulting in a reputable nation brand that attracts investment.”
Dlodlo also made special mention of the relationship between the government and the private sector, and how business's important role in the country's socio-economic growth and sustainability should not be underutilised: “The private sector not only raises South Africa's global competitiveness by allowing us to break into new and emerging markets, but it also significantly improves the lives of millions of poor South Africans and their chance for economic participation.”
Concluding her address, the minister reiterated the importance of the economic development of the country and all its people for successful nation branding: “If the economy grows, jobs are created, social levels improve, foreign direct investments become a reality and the economy thrives. Therefore, it is unquestionable that socio-economic national development agendas have an incredible impact on the positive [nation] branding.
“Through this forum we are therefore aiming to create an intensified exchange of ideas among all sectors of society. This is a fundamental requirement for appropriate and sustainable development for any nation.”
For a full transcript of Minister Dlodlo's address, click here.
Panel 1: Positioning the South African nation brand in an era of emerging market globalisation
.@AshrafGarda: If South Africans talk their country down by extension they talk down the country's products #NationBrandForum17 cc @Brand_SA pic.twitter.com/dwVwlsftC4 — The eNitiaters (@The_eNitiaters) October 5, 2017
The first panel was led by Brand South Africa general manager for research Dr Petrus de Kock, with contributions from Annabel Bishop, chief economist at Investec; Dr Martyn Davies, managing director for emerging markets at Deloitte; Eric Mahamba-Sithole, head of learning and development at the Industrial Development Corporation; and SAfm radio host Ashraf Garda.
Watch the discussion:
Panel 2: Country of origin built on the foundations of business excellence – crafting a value proposition and global strategy for a nation brand
#NationBrandForum17 Panel 2 discussion focuses on crafting a value proposition & global strategy for National Brand in emerging markets pic.twitter.com/NX8sbehRqq — South African Gov (@GovernmentZA) October 5, 2017
The panel was hosted by Jeremy Sampson, director of Brand Finance Africa, and included contributions from Imtiaz Patel, CEO of Naspers Video Entertainment; M&C Saatchi Abel Johannesburg group chairman Jerry Mpufane; Odette van der Haar, CEO of the Association for Communication and Advertising; and York Zucchi, entrepreneur and motivational speaker.
Watch the discussion:
Would you like to use this article in your publication or on your website? See Using Brand South Africa material.
ABC/Karen Neal
The third episode of Marvel's Inhumans airs tonight at 9:00 p.m. ET on ABC, and you don't want to miss it. Even if you are not near a television, you can still watch the latest chapter in the new Marvel drama.
Episode three of Inhumans is titled “Divide and Conquer” and picks up right after the end of last week's two-hour premiere. Black Bolt, Medusa and the rest of the Inhuman Royal Family have been forced from their home after Black Bolt's brother Maximus pulled off a successful coup. Now that they are on earth, the family has to find each other before it's too late.
Can't get to a TV or don't have cable? Below are your options to legally stream tonight's show online or on your mobile device.
ABC is available in many major U.S. markets via over-the-top streaming services, which let you stream select channels for a monthly fee. Sling TV has the lowest price, while DirecTV Now offers ABC in more markets than Sling. Both services offer free trials, enabling you to watch tonight's show for free.
Read on for signup details — and how to make sure ABC is available in your market before you sign up.
The Cheaper Option: Sling TV
Viewers in certain United States TV markets can watch tonight's show through Sling TV.
Sling's Broadcast Extra package, which includes ABC, is available in the Chicago, Fresno-Visalia, Houston, Los Angeles, New York, Philadelphia, Raleigh-Durham and San Francisco TV markets.
Sling's basic package costs $20 per month once the free trial ends, and the Broadcast Extra add-on, which you can add after you've created your account, costs an extra $5, for a total of $25. But if you're in one of the TV markets listed above and want to watch the show for free, you can do so with the free 7-day trial.
How to sign up:
1. Go here to create a Sling account.
2. Select either the Orange or Blue package. The Orange package is the cheapest at $20.
3. Enter your billing information and create an account. You will not be charged until after you've completed the free 7-day trial.
4. Once you've created your account, click on the icon next to the “sign out” button in the top-right corner of your screen. Once you've clicked on the icon, click the blue “change subscription” link.
5. Click on “Best of Live TV Extras,” then scroll down to the Broadcast Extra add-on and click “add.”
6. Download the Sling app on your computer or mobile device and begin watching TV. You can find the Sling app in the App store or the Google Play Store. It's also available on other streaming devices; you can go here for a full list of compatible devices.
The Most Markets: DirecTV Now
DirecTV Now's cheapest bundle, “Live a Little,” costs $35 but offers ABC in 39 markets, compared to just eight for Sling. Like Sling, the service offers a free 7-day trial.
To see if DirectTV offers ABC in your market, go here and enter your zipcode in the “lookup tool.”
How to sign up:
1. Click here to go to the DirecTV Now website.
2. Click on “Start your free trial now” and then create an account.
3. Select the channel package you want. The least expensive option, “Live a Little,” includes ABC.
4. Enter your payment information. If you cancel your subscription within seven days of signing up, you will not be charged.
5. Return to the DirecTV Now website to start watching on your desktop. You can also watch via the DirecTV Now app, which is available on various mobile or streaming devices. Go here for the complete list of compatible devices
J.J. Watt spots fake autograph: Didn't even spell my name right J.J. Watt is offering to helpfully intercede after a follower shared a photo of what appeared to be a football signed by the Texans defensive end — with a misspelled...
Lawyers are after O.J. Simpson's autograph money LOS ANGELES — O.J. Simpson is cashing in on autographs since his release from prison and should pay the money toward a wrongful death judgment that now exceeds $70 million,...
'Turd, a-hole': Players' feud brewing over unsigned baseball cards There are stories about aggressive autograph hunters hounding athletes for their signatures. Now, there's a story about aggressive baseball players doing it on the field. Salty Rockies reliever Pat Neshek...
Marshawn Lynch is a menace to autograph seekers Be careful of asking Marshawn Lynch for an autograph. Your phone and pride may pay the price. The retired running back, who has been mulling a potential return to the...
Stabbing victim was autograph hound who loved celebrities The man who was fatally stabbed in Midtown on Monday night was a self-proclaimed "autograph collector" who enjoyed posting his many celebrity conquests online.
Crazed autograph hunters throw plates at soccer star Paul Pogba had a plate thrown at him and was backed into a corner by furious fans after snubbing an autograph request. Cops were called to an Indian restaurant when...
Jordan Spieth rips 'scum' autograph seekers Jordan Spieth wants professional autograph seekers to get “a real job.” The golf superstar lashed out at a press conference against a pack of feisty autograph scavengers at Pebble Beach...
Cell phones and cash was stolen in an armed robbery from a Metro PCS store in the Serra Mesa neighborhood of San Diego Tuesday, the San Diego Police Department (SDPD) confirmed.
This is the 9th reported armed robbery at a Metro PCS store in San Diego.
The robbery occurred around 3:57 p.m. on the 2600 block of Mission Village Drive.
Police have not yet confirmed if this incident was linked to the others.
There were two suspects involved in the robbery--a 28-year old man with a beard, wearing a gray hoodie, shorts and a 25-year old man wearing a gray shirt and pants.
The 28-year old suspect had been carrying a handgun.
No other information was available.
Check back for updates on this breaking news.
A Barclays Plc foreign exchange trader, fired after an order from a New York regulator, won his unfair dismissal lawsuit against the bank as a judge said she was “troubled” by contradictions in the testimony of his supervisors.
David Fotheringhame sued after losing his 1.2 million-pound ($1.7-million) a year job when the Department of Financial Services told Barclays in 2015 to “take all steps necessary” to eliminate his post. He was about 20 percent responsible for his dismissal, Judge Jill Brown found -- meaning his ultimate compensation from the court will be cut by that amount.
Barclays fired Fotheringhame after it reached a $150 million settlement with the New York regulator, which ruled that the bank misused “Last Look,” an electronic trading program allowing market makers to back out of some losing trades, and that Fotheringhame was involved. The order to fire him came just months after the British bank pleaded guilty and paid $2.4 billion to global regulators, including the DFS, to resolve a separate investigation into currency trading manipulation at the lender.
Fotheringhame was “not guilty of culpable and blameworthy conduct” when he applied Last Look to all clients without trying to distinguish between “toxic” and “benign” ones, Brown said in her March 9 London employment court ruling. The former trader shared a copy of the judgment, which says he was unfairly dismissed.
The court confirmed that a judgment had been made but couldn't provide any further details. Barclays' lawyers referred questions to the bank's press office, and Barclays spokesman Jon Laycock declined to comment.
Last Look is a controversial practice, and the U.K.'s Investment Association raised concerns last month that it could disadvantage clients. Chris Concannon, president of Cboe Global Markets Inc., said in January that it could become more limited or stop altogether in the most liquid currency trades.
‘Contradictions'
Fotheringhame's managers knew he was using Last Look to make more money, and they approved of this, Brown said in her ruling. The trader, who turns 47 this week, was the bank's head of automated flow trading for electronic fixed-income, currencies and commodities.
His managers hadn't indicated that generating extra profit from Last Look constituted misconduct, “never mind being a dismissable offense,” she said. In light of the managers' attitudes, and the “ordinarily accepted standard of morality of the time,” Fotheringhame couldn't have thought he'd be fired for doing it, she said.
She said she was “troubled” by “contradictions” in evidence presented by John Mahon, the bank's former head of corporate banking, and Arthur Mbanefo, head of financial resource management at Barclays Capital Securities Inc.
“It seemed to me that, at times, they were trying to advance justifications for their decisions, which had not been in their minds at the time,” Brown said.
The bank still seems to operate many of the practices in relation to Last Look that Fotheringhame was criticized for, Brown said. “It does not target only ‘toxic' trading behaviors,” she said in the ruling.
‘Substantively Unfair'
“Mr. Mahon's and Mr. Mbanefo's decisions were procedurally and substantively unfair in a number of regards,” the judge said.
Fotheringhame is one of a series of traders to sue banks after being fired amid regulators' probes -- though other ex-Barclays traders have been less successful. Barclays trader Jack Murray, fired among a foreign-exchange market manipulation probe, lost a lawsuit against the bank in May 2017. Chris Ashton and Mark Clark also lost their cases.
A former BNP Paribas SA banker let go amid a New York DFS probe, however, was more successful in London. A U.K. judge said in 2015 Christopher Marks, a former head of global capital markets at the French bank, was unfairly dismissed as he announced a settlement in the case. Marks was fired after being identified by the New York banking regulator in an investigation into banned transactions with Iran, Cuba and Sudan.
A separate hearing to decide how much Barclays should pay Fotheringhame is scheduled to start on May 9. FX Week reported the ruling earlier.
By Michelle Boorstein
A Washington, D.C-area Catholic priest was placed on leave Tuesday after exploding at mourners waiting in the sanctuary for a funeral, reportedly telling them to “get the hell out of my church.” Video shows the argument going on feet away from an open casket holding the deceased woman.
The disturbing scene last Wednesday played out on social media after mourners videotaped the Rev. Michael Briese, who is in his 60s, angrily speaking with people at St. Mary's Church in Charlotte Hall, Maryland. In a June 28 letter to the local newspaper the Maryland Independent, Briese talked about how his anger “spilled out in a torrent” after seeing a goblet used in the Mass to symbolize Jesus' blood damaged by a funeral guest.
Start your day with the news you need from the Bay Area and beyond.
Sign up for our Morning Report weekday newsletter.
After the blowup between Briese and mourners standing beside the open casket of Agnes Hicks, dozens of people reportedly streamed out of the sanctuary with the casket into a parking lot, where police cars called by Briese were arriving, according to a video report by Fox5-WTTG-DC.
The details of exactly what happened during the altercation weren't immediately clear, but church officials and Briese said in statements that nothing justified his reaction and apologized.
“What occurred at Saint Mary's Parish this morning does not reflect the Catholic Church's fundamental calling to respect and uplift the God-given dignity of every person,” wrote the Rev. Michael W. Fisher, who was recently installed as auxiliary bishop for Ministerial Leadership of the archdiocese, which covers Washington, D.C., and the nearby Maryland suburbs and exurbs.
“I want to reach out to you first to offer my prayers for your loved one that God will grant her a place in his kingdom of eternal light and love, and condolences to your family. On days such as today, our response should always be one of compassion and sympathy for the bereaved as well as prayers for the deceased. I reiterate and reinforce the sincere apology you and your family received” earlier.
Briese was placed on administrative leave while the archdiocese investigates what it called in Fisher's June 27th note a “serious misunderstanding.”
Someone called 911, and reported property was being destroyed and a possible fight was unfolding, said Charles County Sheriff's spokeswoman Diane Richardson. When officers arrived, there were 200 to 250 people outside in and around the parking lot. Some “were visibly upset … obviously something happened but it wasn't clear what it was.”
Richardson said police escorted the group and the casket to the county line. There was no evidence of property damage, except the chalice, which she said appeared to have been knocked over accidentally.
Hicks' children spoke angrily of their treatment at the parish where she was baptized and always wished to be buried.
Shanice Chisley, Hicks' daughter, told Fox5 that “all hell broke loose” when the goblet, called a chalice, was knocked over.
“He literally got on the mic and said: ‘There will be no funeral, no Mass, no repast [funeral reception], everyone get the hell out of my church.' He was disrespectful,” Chisley said of Briese. “He disrespected our family, he disrespected my mother.”
Renetta Baker, also interviewed by Fox5 and identified as a daughter of Hicks, said Briese was unholy.
“You're not a preacher. You're not a pastor, you're not a father of the Lord. You're none of that. You're the devil.”
According to Fisher's letter, another priest of the archdiocese, the Rev. Scott Woods, completed the service at a nearby funeral home.
Many of the funeral attendees were black, and a pallbearer reportedly said Briese — who is white — unprompted denied he was motivated by racism. Hicks was African American.
“After everyone cleared out, it was just the pallbearers, he tried to explain to it that he wasn't a racist,” Theo Johnson, a pallbearer and cousin of Hicks, told The Enterprise, a newspaper covering the rural area southeast of Washington, D.C. “He said he put plaques on graves out there (in the cemetery), black and white people, he said he feeds the homeless. Nobody said anything about race. We were just saying he was being disrespectful, that this could have been handled after the funeral, and he said, ‘Forget it, just get that thing — [indicating the casket] — out of here.' ”
Briese declined to comment Tuesday, but wrote to the local newspaper that he feared the minutes in the church would erase a lifetime of public service.
“Some might dismiss these words, given the tenor of the words I uttered before the funeral that was to take place on Wednesday. That is a just part of the consequence I will bear for my behavior. Like all human beings, I, too, am broken in nature, make mistakes and, yes, I fail,” he wrote. “My recent actions and words were not borne of kindness, but a failure of my vow to serve the Lord and those entrusted to my care as a person and as priest. I am profoundly sorry for my words and actions. I pray for all in this community every day, and I can only ask that you pray for me, but also for other priests and ministers, and all who seek to serve those who suffer and struggle as we strive to build up the kingdom of God.”
Related Articles Evangelical leaders downplay potential Roe v. Wade reversal
Interfaith group PACT reinstates award to Muslim leader after community outrage
Cardinal McCarrick removed from ministry after abuse accusations
Why white evangelicals aren't protesting family separations
PACT rescinds award for Muslim leader following outrage from Jewish members Archdiocese spokeswoman Chieko Noguchi said Briese had been working with the family in the days leading up to the funeral to defray the burial costs.
A 2009 profile of Briese from The Catholic Standard said he grew up around Silver Spring, Maryland, and before becoming a priest had taken into his home local homeless people who he also fed, and had worked trying to help elderly and disabled people find housing.
“We grew up respecting other people. That's a big lesson, to make room for everybody,” he said in the profile. “It's in me to reach out to those in need, I've been doing that all my life.”
Christie could face criminal probe over 'Bridgegate' Chris Christie could face a federal criminal investigation into “Bridgegate” — as a growing number of state Democrats want him to answer for the orchestrated traffic nightmare. “This smells of...
Christie now front-runner for 2016 New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie won re-election in a landslide Tuesday night — an overwhelming showing that makes him a leading contender for the Republican nomination for president in 2016....
Christie, de Blasio big winners as nation votes Republican New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie cruised to re-election Tuesday night — and appeared headed for a large margin of victory — amid talk of a 2016 presidential run. Democrats...
Christie has 19-point lead in NJ governor's race New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie is holding onto a commanding advantage over his Democratic rival in the final days of his re-election bid, a poll released Saturday shows. Christie, who...
NJ needs another 4 years of Gov. Christie In 2009, The Post endorsed Chris Christie for governor of New Jersey despite some skepticism about whether he had a real plan to reform the Garden State. Four years later,...
Still weighting: Christie hasn't produced promised med records His promise turns out to be smaller than his bite. Chris Christie joined his Democratic opponent in the New Jersey governor's race last week in a pledge to release medical...
In my series “Trace,” my aim is to uncover different traces of memory; those expressing emotions, or others which recall people and places. The process finds its beginning in daily life, by hearing, seeing, reading or experiencing the things that draw my attention. I like to think of my images as poems, made from a deeply personal point of view in order to understand universal feelings.
I use different layers of poetic forms to create my rhythms—from free verse to storytelling. It is important to me that each of my stories has a specific language, one I must create.
Within this work, I'm using both cyanotype and digital collage to combine archival materials and staged photographs. The archives range from images taken from old family albums to mobile snapshots. Although my starting points are notes from daily life, it is the power of the imagination that allows this work to touch upon universal experiences.
The main themes in my work are perishability and invisibility, combined with a critical look at the everyday habits that usually go unquestioned. At the same time, I want to tell stories that are clearly separate from our day-to-day reality. My use of the color blue is something that I can't date exactly, but is essential to the feeling of the work.
—Anni Hanén
This project was singled out by the jury of the Emerging Talent Awards 2017. Discover all of the inspiring projects from this year's 50 talents!
Photo: Dan MacMedan / USA Today
By Scott T. Sterling
Thomas Rhett and his family are ready for the holidays.
Related: Thomas Rhett Wants to Incorporate Daughter's Heritage into Holiday Traditions
Rhett has shared an adorable new photo of his baby daughter, Ava, bundled up against the winter chill in a cute lamb knit hat and snowsuit.
The image follows a photo recently shared by Rhett's wife, Lauren, featuring Ava taking a nap in her lamb hat.
See both posts below.
😩 A post shared by ThomasRhettAkins (@thomasrhettakins) on Dec 9, 2017 at 11:32am PST
Iggy Azalea is being sued after racking up an unpaid credit card bill of $300,000 — a whopping $250,000 over her limit.
American Express is seeking the full amount of the balance in addition to the legal fees. These aren't the “Fancy” rapper's first money troubles. She previously made headlines after accruing a staggering $660,000 in unpaid taxes. (TMZ)
Fasho Thoughts:
Most folks know what it's like to be a little bit late or miss a payment or two — but $300,000 in credit card bills? You could buy a house for that.
This makes me feel a lot better about all of my unpaid bills.
Living the “Fancy” life costs money.
Most entrepreneurs would be thrilled to take meetings with the likes of West Elm, JPMorgan Chase and Barneys New York. They'd love to appear on MSNBC and “The Ellen DeGeneres...
A hiker made a grisly discovery in a Queens park Tuesday afternoon, stumbling on the body of a man who cops believe was murdered, police said.
The victim, Hispanic and in his 20s, was found in a marshy area of Kissena Park near 161st Street just after noon. He did not have any identification and appeared to have suffered severe trauma to the head.
The city Medical Examiner's Office will determine the cause of death.
WASHINGTON -- President Donald Trump makes a statement at the White House after a gunman opened fire at a baseball field in Arlington, Virginia, where members of Congress were practicing for an annual charity game.
Bungie
Destiny 2 is full of different weapons and armor pieces that players can obtain, but the rarest are Exotics. These powerful items can drastically change how your character or build works, allowing you to gain additional or unique abilities. However, since players can only wear one of these armor pieces at a time it's important that you invest your resources effectively.
When deciding on our list we decided to focus on exotics that functioned effectively in both PvE and PvP. Even though we are only highlighting a handful of Exotics, all of them are useful in some capacity. However, these five pieces of armor standout as the best pieces that a Warlock can wear thanks to their reliability and utility across all activities.
Here are our choices for the 5 best Warlock Exotic armor pieces:
(This list is in no particular order)
1. Nezarec's Sin
Getting the most obvious choice out of the way, the Nezarec's Sin is a beast of an Exotic that can easily push your Warlock to its limits. The unique perk Abyssal Extractors increase the recharge rate of your abilities whenever you kill an enemy with void-damage. Pairing this helmet with the Voidwalker's Attunement of Hunger skill tree pushes its power over the edge. Being able to consistently and quickly recharge your skills can make you insanely hard to kill. There are very few Exotics in Destiny 2 that have such potent synergy with the rest of a subclass. This is a must-own for any Warlock who has embraced the path of the Voidwalker.
2. Lunafaction Boots
If you are looking for a more subtle Exotic to sport on your Warlock consider grabbing the Lunafaction Boots. When worn, your Rifts will automatically reload yours and your allies' weapons when they step into it. This can drastically increase your team's DPS (damage-per-second), especially if they keep stepping in and out of the rift. What's nice about these boots is they work with any subclass, so you are not bound to a specific build or armor set. If you're looking for an Exotic that will benefit your entire fireteam then the Lunafaction Boots are for you.
3. Starfire Protocol
Most of the Dawnbreaker based Exotics are pretty underwhelming with the sole exception of the Starfighter Protocol. Returning from the original Destiny, this chest piece gives the player an additional Fusion Grenade and has the added bonus of granting Rift energy upon Fusion Grenade kills. If you are able to land these sticky grenades consistently then the Starfire Protocol can be a very powerful Exotic. It also helps that your other two choices for Solar Exotics are pretty disappointing.
4. Karnstein Armlets
Another Exotic that works across all subclasses, the Karnstein Armlets is another subtle, but extremely powerful armor piece. The perk Vampire's Caress allows all melee attacks to grant health recovery, melee, grenade, and class ability energy. This is a solid, well-rounded Exotic that works wonders across all of the different subclasses. However, if you really want to maximize the potency of the Karnstein Armlets then run the Voidwalker subclass with the Attunement of Chaos skill tree. These gauntlets are also quite useful in PvP if you are running a close quarter build to punish all of the MIDA Multi-Tool users.
5. Skull of Dire Ahamkara
Our second Voidwalker based exotic, the Skull of Dire Ahamkara makes it harder for you to be killed when casting Nova Bomb. Additionally, any Nova Bomb kills you make will instantly be converted to Super energy. This means if you have a big enough pool of enemies then you can either instantly restore or gain back a lot of your energy. When used with the Attunement of Chaos, players can easily wipe entire waves of foes with little effort. Keep in mind this Super recharge rate won't be as important in PvP since there are only four players per team. That being said, if you want to focus your Warlock build around your Nova Bomb then the Skull of Dire Ahamkara is a solid choice.
Share Article Facebook
Twitter
Email You are free to share this article under the Attribution 4.0 International license. Follow Futurity RSS
Twitter
Facebook
Newsletter
New research suggests that what US lawmakers tweet has more to do with their political party affiliation than their gender.
Previous research has shown that politicians' gender shapes public expectations of their expertise.
“Women and men are engaging all of these topics—they're not being limited by gender stereotypes…”
Female politicians, for example, are often expected to possess communal personality traits, such as caring and compassion—and, in turn, they are perceived as being knowledgeable about social topics, such as health, education, and children's issues. Men, on the other hand, are expected to be powerful, assertive, and analytical, and so they often are perceived as being well-versed on financial and security issues.
Morgan Johnstonbaugh, a sociology doctoral student from the University of Arizona, wondered if what politicians talk about on Twitter—a platform elected officials increasingly are using to connect with their constituents—would support these gender stereotypes.
Her study's results, which Johnstonbaugh presented at the American Sociological Association's annual meeting in Montreal, came as somewhat of a surprise to her, given existing literature on gendered issue expertise. However, the news is encouraging, Johnstonbaugh says.
“It's a positive thing that we don't see people aligning to these exact expectations. Women and men are engaging all of these topics—they're not being limited by gender stereotypes,” she says.
Johnstonbaugh analyzed 3,894 tweets by US representatives, collected over a four-month period in 2015 using ForSight, Crimson Hexagon's social media analytics tool.
She looked specifically at tweets on two issues that were generating much discussion on Twitter during that period. One of those issues—an investigation and proposed defunding of Planned Parenthood—was a more stereotypically female issue. The other—the debate surrounding the Iran deal concerning national and international security—was more stereotypically male.
She also analyzed gender-stereotyped subtopics of each issue. For example, she considered which tweets about Planned Parenthood focused on women's health (a stereotypically female issue) versus taxes (a stereotypically male issue).
Contrary to what Johnstonbaugh expected, she found that women did not tweet significantly more about Planned Parenthood and female-stereotyped subtopics, and men did not tweet significantly more about the Iran deal and male-stereotyped subtopics.
Instead, political party had greater bearing on what was tweeted. Republicans, in general, tweeted more than Democrats on both topics, Johnstonbaugh says. That could be because the two issues explored in the study were ones in which Republicans were on the offense; Republicans led the push to defund Planned Parenthood, and they broadly spoke out against the Iran deal, which lifted international oil and financial sanctions on Iran.
The fact that Republicans out-tweeted Democrats also could point to a cultural difference in how members of the country's two major political parties like to communicate, Johnstonbaugh says.
“In other analyses, I have seen Republicans utilizing Twitter a lot more and mentioning each other and building these really dense networks, whereas Democrats don't seem to do that as much,” Johnstonbaugh says. “It's something that warrants further exploration, especially now, since our president likes to use Twitter so much.”
With regard to gender in American politics, it's important to recognize that women continue to be highly underrepresented in Congress, and gender stereotypes and discrimination persist, Johnstonbaugh says. At the time of her study, men outnumbered women 4 to 1 in the House of Representatives and 5 to 1 in the Senate.
A platform such as Twitter, Johnstonbaugh suggests, could be a valuable tool for underrepresented groups in politics, such as women, to communicate directly with the public about substantive issues.
“Research shows that women politicians get less media coverage, and they also receive different coverage. So when male politicians will be asked about the issues and important political topics, women will often receive coverage relating to their clothes or their family,” Johnstonbaugh says.
“Going to Twitter and tweeting about an important issue bypasses media that might want to talk to you about your hair rather than your position on a bill,” she says.
Source: University of Arizona
Report: Uber Paid Off Hacker To Destroy Stolen User Data
Uber paid $100,000 to a 20-year-old Florida man responsible for the recently disclosed data breach that compromised the personal information of 57 million riders and drivers in 2016, multiple sources told Reuters.
Three people familiar with the incident said an unidentified Florida man contacted Uber after breaching a server in October and stealing information including the names and email addresses of ride-share users in the U.S. and abroad, Reuters reported Wednesday.
The culprit's message was forwarded to Uber's "bug bounty" team and ultimately made its way to HackerOne, a third party company that awards researchers for revealing security flaws in clients' products.
HackerOne subsequently paid the person $100,000 in exchange for erasing the stole Uber data, the sources told Reuters.
Uber announced Nov. 21 that hackers breached a third-party server last year and stole the names and email addresses of 57 million users, among other personal information.
"At the time of the incident, we took immediate steps to secure the data and shut down further unauthorized access by the individuals," Uber CEO Dara Khosrowshahi said in the announcement. "We subsequently identified the individuals and obtained assurances that the downloaded data had been destroyed. We also implemented security measures to restrict access to and strengthen controls on our cloud-based storage accounts."
Mr. Khosrowshahi learned of the incident after becoming Uber's chief executive in August, and he's since terminated two employees implicated in its response,Joe Sullivan, Uber's former head of security, and a deputy, attorney Craig Clark.
Another three members of Uber's security subsequently resigned from their roles last week.
Reuters didn't identify the Florida hacker by name, but a source described him as "living with his mom in a small home trying to help pay the bills."
Uber declined to pursue criminal charges after determining that the person didn't pose an additional threat and eventually paid the hacker after confirming their identity and making them sign a nondisclosure agreement, Reuters reported.
"In all cases when a bug bounty award is processed through HackerOne, we receive identifying information of the recipient in the form of an IRS W-9 or W-8BEN form before payment of the award can be made," HackerOne CEO Marten Mickos told Reuters.
Uber spokesman Matt Kallman declined to comment, the report said.
Uber has come under fire since disclosing the data breach last month more than a year after the fact, and the incident is currently being reviewed by state and federal regulators in the U.S. and abroad.
Sen. Bill Nelson, Florida Democrat, cited Uber's delayed admission while reintroducing legislation last week that carries prison time for corporate executives caught deliberately concealing data breaches such as the October 2016 incident.
"We need a strong federal law in place to hold companies truly accountable for failing to safeguard data or inform consumers when that information has been stolen by hackers," Mr. Nelson said in a statement. "Congress can either take action now to pass this long overdue bill or continue to kowtow to special interests who stand in the way of this commonsense proposal. When it comes to doing what's best for consumers, the choice is clear."
© 2017 Washington Times under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
The catapult (l) was rigged onto a border fence near Douglas, Arizona, and used to launch marijuana from Mexico into the United States. U.S. Border Patrol agents discovered the complex contraption on Feb. 10 and dismantled it (r).
Drug smuggling attempts by car across the U.S.-Mexico border are a frequent occurrence but, in Arizona, smugglers got extra creative, using a catapult system to launch bundles of drugs across a fence.
According to U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) officials, on Feb. 10 Border Patrol agents in Douglas, Arizona, were patrolling an area east of the Douglas Port of Entry when they noticed some suspicious activity near a fence that separates Mexico from the U.S.
As agents approached the area, several people scurried off. Upon looking more closely at the fence, agents discovered a catapult system rigged onto the south side of the border fence.
A search of the area unveiled that two bundles of marijuana, weighing a combined 47 pounds, had been launched from the catapult from Mexico into the U.S.
43 Pounds of Meth Found in Jeep's Engine
Tucson Sector Border Patrol Agent Vicente Paco said the device was “very complex” and the first catapult of this kind ever seen by agents at this part of the border.
“This is the first mechanism that we've found related to systems like this to launch narcotics across the border,” said Paco.
Paco said other devices that have been used in prior drug smuggling attempts have included air pressure cannons and trebuchet-type launching mechanisms, but never a catapult quite like this one.
In 2011, a catapult system was captured by National Guard troops using a remote video surveillance system in nearby Naco, Arizona.
Border Patrol agents seized the marijuana and called Mexican authorities to investigate the contraption. The agents then dismantled it, and the pieces were seized by Mexican authorities.
As of Wednesday morning, Paco said no arrests had yet been made in connection with the catapult and the launching of the marijuana bundles.
It is unclear how long the catapult had been on the fence and whether it had previously been used to launch other drugs into the U.S. The investigation is ongoing; Paco said that, for now, agents can only confirm it was used in the Feb. 10 incident.
Those who spot illegal activity near the borders can call CBP authorities at (877) 872-7435.
The President of Miyetti Allah Kautal Hore Socio-cultural Association, Bello Abdullahi Bodejo has warned that they will resist any attempt to remove President Muhammadu Buhari in 2019. Bodejo warned that Nobody should try and remove Buhari, adding th...
Juanfran will play in midfield when Atletico Madrid face Las Palmas in the Copa del Rey on Tuesday, but Yannick Carrasco is a doubt.
With Augusto Fernandez and Tiago still sidelined due to injury, Diego Simeone finds himself short on midfield options at the start of 2017.
The Atletico coach deployed Juanfran in a more advanced role on the right-hand side for the 4-1 Copa del Rey victory over Guijuelo last month, and confirmed he will appear in that position again in the first leg of the last 16 clash in Gran Canaria.
Simeone's decision could well be based on confirmation that Belgium international Carrasco was diagnosed with "slight peritendinitis in the left Achilles tendon", with no timeframe given for his recovery.
"We understand that Juanfran can give important things, he has always attacked very well. He is one of the team's best suppliers of assists in the past five years," Simeone told a media conference on Monday.
"It is an alternative that allows Sime [Vrsaljko] to play during his good form and strengthens the right-hand side, which has always been a bit more vulnerable.
"Saul [Niguez] has done it, [Nicolas] Gaitan also, Carrasco, who does not like to play in that position. Juanfran is going to play tomorrow [Tuesday] and he can do it."
Centre-back Jose Maria Gimenez featured in central midfield during a 3-2 friendly win over Al-Ittihad last Friday, and it is something Simeone is not averse to trying again.
He added: "Jose played there as a youngster, he has not done it for a long time.
MEDICAL REPORT 📋 @CarrascoY21 is feeling discomfort in the Achiles tendon and will not travel to Gran Canaria
➡️ https://t.co/QOCOWjjldZ pic.twitter.com/swbOjIe3jm — Atleti English (@atletienglish) January 2, 2017
"Anything bad that comes out of him and Juanfran playing in new positions falls on me, but I'm sure they can help there."
Reports have suggested Simeone could leave Atletico at the end of the season despite having another year on his contract, but CEO Miguel Angel Gil Marin last week insisted the coach is going nowhere.
The Argentine once again reiterated his desire to remain in position for the 2017-18 campaign.
"Like Miguel said, I have one more year on my contract and both footballers and fans will have to keep supporting me," said Simeone.
You do not get to the Finals with one man, Kerr praises Cavs
Oakland, USA, May 30 (EFE).- Golden State Warriors coach Steve Kerr on Wednesday praised the Cleveland Cavaliers for their performance and dismissed the joke that the Cavaliers reached the NBA finals solely because of its star player LeBron James.
When asked at a press conference about the Cavs being ridiculed on the Saturday Night Live skit for its reliance on LeBron James, Kerr recalled the Michael Jordan era in which people were also talking about the “Jordanaires.”
“Any time you have a team that's led by somebody who is considered the greatest player of all time or one of them, there's going to be an interesting sort of dynamic with the teammates,” said Kerr, Jordan's former teammate at the Chicago Bulls.
“We have great respect for the other guys. Kevin Love is an All-Star, perennial All-Star, great 3-point shooter and a physical rebounder,” he said.
“Kyle Korver, one of the great shooters of all time. We've seen J.R. Smith, last time he was in this building he had like 30 points in Game 5 last year,” the Golden State Warrior coach said, adding “We know what these guys can do. You don't get to the Finals with one man, no matter how good that one man is.”
Kerr particularly highlighted the resilience of the Cavaliers this season despite the setbacks.
Kerr said that the Cavaliers have reached the NBA finals for the fourth consecutive year and he knows perfectly well how difficult that is.
“We're preparing for a lot more than just LeBron.” concluded the coach.
× Joe's Weather Blog: An active week means more rain/storm chances (MON-4/17)
Good morning…a cooler but brighter day in progress in the area today as temperatures are slowly recovering after a rather cool start to the day. We dropped to 50° this morning. Our monthly temperature is still running more than 5° above average for April. We're going to be mostly above average till Friday or Saturday when a storm will be passing towards the south of the region allowing colder air to move in for a couple of days.
Forecast:
Today: More clouds and sunshine. More sun towards the north and more clouds to the south. Temperatures should top off near 70° or so. Winds will be out of the ESE at 5-15 MPH
Tonight: Fair skies and breezier towards morning. Lows in the 50s
Tuesday: Windy and warmer with variable clouds. Highs 75-80°
Wednesday: Partly cloudy, windy and warm with highs 80-85°. Storm chances increase in the evening and overnight hours. This may affect the latter part of the Royals game that night. There is also a chance of some severe weather with these storms. Iffy though on that.
Discussion:
There are a few systems we're watching this week. A cold front for Wednesday night…and a rather decent for late April surface storm that will be passing south of the area FRI>SAT. weirdly another storm that could've been a nice snow producer during a typical winter season…but obviously that won't happen this time through.
Today we have mixed sky conditions in the area. Clouds favoring areas south of KC while farther north skies are brighter…and that is illustrated by the morning satellite picture.
Temperatures (shown in RED below) as I type this blog are around 60° but we should warm up nicely as the day moves along. The average for today is 66°/46°.
Aside from the most of the NW US…overall this has been another warm month.
As we focus our attention a bit more locally for 2017 as a whole…it's been warm!
As far as the next change of the weather around here…that will be in the form of a cold front that will be moving through the area Wednesday night. Here is a look at the NAM model for 7PM Wednesday…showing the front to the NW of KC.
As the front moves into the region as a whole…it will run into the instability that will be building during the course of the day thanks to the gulf moisture moving northwards and temperatures near or above 80°.
The front should move through the KC Metro area before 1AM Thursday. There are some similarities to what may happen Wednesday night and what happened this past Saturday night. By that I mean the stronger storms may be closer to the IA border while some sort of weaker line moves through our area later in the evening. There should still be at least enough instability around before 10PM WED that any storm that moves through may have the ability to generate 40-60 MPH winds and perhaps some 1″ hail. We are under a “slight” risk of severe storms Wednesday night.
To me there are again pluses and minuses to our severe weather risk…so it's not really a slam dunk that severe storms are going to be a BIG issue for us locally…again let's just be AWARE of the situation. Again the threats appear to be wind and hail with this…with a higher threat farther north towards 36 highway and northwards.
Finally a note about the “weird” clouds from yesterday afternoon. Received numerous tweets and FB questions about the clouds…they were cool to look at. Clifford Hall sent in a couple of pics that I showed on the air last night…I'm using one of them as my feature photo today too!
So what is the deal? Well interestingly enough…while the clouds have been around forever…this year these types of clouds, and others, were given a new name. They're called Asperitas clouds.
So now you know…
Have a great Monday!
Joe
Warning: Graphic content
A pregnant teenager was Tasered by cops in an incident caught on video.
Dailene Rosario, 17, who is 3¹/₂ months pregnant, is seen in a YouTube video posted Tuesday struggling with cops until one subdues her with a stun gun, according to News 12 Bronx.
“Ow. Get off of me,” she screams in the 90-second clip. “Why is he pushing me? He's going to break my f–king arm.”
Meanwhile, a man can be heard in the video shouting that Rosario is pregnant. Her unborn child reportedly was not harmed.
The incident took place Friday in an apartment building in Wakefield as Rosario was allegedly resisting arrest amid a fight between two men in her hallway.
NYPD Internal Affairs is investigating.
South Africa lifts hundreds of trapped miners to safety while Zimbabwe battles another cholera outbreak at its borders.
We begin with reassuring news from South Africa that 950 miners who had been trapped inan underground mine in the Free State since Wednesday after a power outage are now at the surface.
Times Live quotes the company Sibanye-Stillwater as saying that all the workers have safely returned to the surface. According to the paper, the statement also addressed the issue of the employees conditions underground underlining that they all had access to food and water during the rescue and are due to undergo medical examination and trauma counselling together with their families.
The Times reports that while the company announced the resumption of mining operations on Monday 5 February, South Africa's Parliament had called for drastic action to be taken against Sibanye over the mining accident.
Cholera at Zimbabwe's borders
Meanwhile, the Sowetan has its eyes on Zimbabwe's borders with Zambia, Mozambique‚ Botswana and South Africa where it reports efforts to contain a cholera outbreak.
The paper says a National response team set up by Harare is already in place in strategic areas to coordinate screening campaigns.
The Sowetan special attention is being paid to Zimbabwe's borders with Zambia‚ where 3‚000 cases and more than 70 deaths have been reported. More than 155 cases have been reported in Mozambique, according to the newspaper.
In Kenya, the papers are all about the ravages of Raila Odinga's controversial oath of office last Tuesday. Daily Nation reports that the Nairobi High Court has ordered the government to immediately restore all TV transmissions for three private stations which were shut down during Tuesday's electricity outage.
The paper says Justice Chacha Mwita also issued temporary orders barring the government from tempering with the broadcasts of NTV, KTN News and Citizen TV, pending the hearing on February 14 of a reparations lawsuit filed by the media houses.
In related news, the Nation also reports that the Bloggers Association of Kenya has gone to court to challenge sections of a law which they say threatens the freedom of expression of the media.
The case comes after Interior Cabinet Secretary Fred Matiang'i, hinted that the police are looking into the “role of some elements in the media fraternity who participated in the furtherance of an attempt to subvert or overthrow the government”.
The Standard says Kalonzo Musyoka , one of four top opposition chiefs who skipped Raila Odinga's swearing in on Tuesday was overcome with emotion during a press conference convened to put up a show of unity in the National Super Alliance.
According to the publication Kalonzo, who had been due to be sworn in "the People's deputy President”, was captured on camera wiping tears, as he spoke after being labelled as a coward for abandoning Raila in his hour of need.
In a comment the Kenyan Star says that to some core opposition supporters, the oath was useless as Raila Odinga only fulfilled his promise, which in the process has destroyed the careers of his “co-principals”.
According to the paper, while Raila cemented his place in the hearts of his supporters who pushed him to take the oath he knew very well that the instruments of power were already with President Uhuru Kenyatta.
DICKSON, OK - Dickson football has one main goal after a tough 2016 campaign, find any way into the playoffs.
“We've been talking about that since spring football. Like last year was not a good year, but we've talked about that and we've discussed it so it's something we're going to use as a learning lesson,” said Dickson head coach Steve Day.
“One of the goals is playoffs, but really I think our main goal is each Friday night because if we focus too much on the end of the season then we lose focus on what's right in front of us,” said senior Cole Watkins.
“The playoffs are always the goal, but we are going to approach it game by game,” said Coach Day.
There is even more focus and energy headed into their first game due in part to a youth movement beginning in the Dickson football program.
“We're young, we have 5 seniors and I think 10 or 11 juniors,” said Day.
“We had a lot of new guys come in that are a lot faster than what we have had with a different skill set,” said Watkins.
There is certainly reason for excitement if you are a Dickson football fan.
Kering SA's white-hot Gucci brand kept up its relentless growth pace at the start of the year, with online sales more than doubling in the first quarter.
The Paris-based luxury group's comparable sales grew 37 percent in the period, according to a statement Tuesday after markets closed. Analysts had expected a 23 percent increase.
Designer Alessandro Michele's crystal- and flower-coated reboot of Gucci has won over young luxury shoppers. After a more than 70 percent gain in Kering's shares over the past 12 months, investors have been watching to see how long the Italian label can maintain its rapid growth. The latest results show that this year's collaborations with hip artists and a runway show in which models carried props like baby dragons continue to resonate with fans.
“We delivered a remarkable performance in the first quarter and are confident that our brands can outperform the market in the remainder of the year through innovation,” Chief Financial Officer Jean-Marc Duplaix said on a call with reporters.
The company has benefited from surging Chinese demand for luxury goods, which has also lifted the fortunes of LVMH and other rivals. Gucci's online sales gains were led by the U.S., Kering said.
Gucci's comparable sales rose 49 percent in the latest quarter, while Kering's Saint Laurent and the division that includes fast-growing Balenciaga and Alexander McQueen also grew by double-digit percentages.
Tougher Comparison
The company cautioned that it faces strong comparison bases in the second half of the year but expects its brands to continue to grow at a fast pace. Still, the company sees its performance beating initial expectations this year, Duplaix said on a call with analysts.
Kering sped up progress toward becoming a luxury-only group this quarter when it announced plans to spin off its shares in German sportswear maker Puma SE. It has also put the skateboarding label Volcom up for sale and moved to unwind its joint venture with Stella McCartney's fashion brand, selling its 50 percent stake back to its namesake.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It was a stunning start to 2017 for Reading FC as they completed a dramatic comeback to beat Bristol City 3-2 at Ashton Gate.
A stoppage-time winner from Yann Kermorgant sealed all three points as Royals fought back from being 2-0 down.
Liam Kelly also scored his first goal for the club in what proved to be a memorable afternoon.
Tammy Abraham gave the Robins the lead just before the half hour mark. The young striker tapped into an empty net after Ali Al-Habsi could only parry a strong shot by Joe Bryan.
But it was a poor kick out by Al-Habsi to Paul McShane, who was unable to control the ball, which allowed Bryan to pounce and shoot towards goal.
Abraham doubled City's lead just two minutes into the second half when he stroked home a penalty. It came after Tyler Blackett bundled into the advancing Callum O'Dowda and referee Roger East quickly pointed to the spot.
Kelly's goal with just under 20 minutes to go made for an exciting finish, however, as Royals sought a way back in the game.
And Kermorgant swept home with four minutes left to play and then fired in a fantastic effort from 25 yards across the goalkeeper to spark wild celebrations in the away end.
First half
Stam made three changes to the side that started the abandoned game against Fulham on Friday night.
McShane, John Swift and Roy Beerens all came into the starting XI at the expense of George Evans, Kelly and Callum Harriott.
Swift was making his first start for Royals since the 3-0 win at Wigan Athletic on November 5, after picking up an ankle injury on duty for England U21s following that game.
(Photo: Get Reading)
Both teams took a while to settle into the game. Swift had Royals' first chance after a quick counter attack but he struck a low shot straight at Frank Fielding.
Garath McCleary then had an effort from just inside the area but the keeper comfortably saved the shot.
The opening goal of the game came on 27 minutes when Abraham tapped in to make it 1-0 to the hosts. McShane produced a goal-saving tackle to prevent Abraham potentially doubling the home side's lead shortly afterwards.
Kermorgant had Reading's best chance of the half when he met Blackett's cross from the left right at the end of the half, but his header struck the crossbar.
Second half
Abraham then made it 2-0 on 47 minutes, dispatching a penalty kick. The awarding of the penalty seemed rather harsh, with O'Dowda running into Blackett and going down just inside the area.
However, the referee was in no hesitation and Abraham swiftly made it 2-0.
City skipper Korey Smith almost made it 3-0 after a slip by Liam Moore but Al-Habsi was equal to it.
(Photo: Get Reading)
But then Reading pulled a goal back on 72 minutes when Kelly fired in low to give Royals hope.
Kelly then turned provider when his low cross was met by Kermorgant who made it 2-2 with a lovely shot across the goalkeeper and spirits were up.
Reading pressed for the winner and they had to bide their time in front of a well-organised City backline.
But they were rewarded for their efforts when Kermorgant added his second and the team's third in stoppage time to seal a stunning comeback in front of the Reading fans.
Star man
(Photo: Get Reading)
Yann Kermorgant: Two lovely finishes from the French striker completed a dramatic turnaround for Reading and means they start the year in fine style.
Teams
Bristol City: Fielding, Little, Flint, Matthews, Golbourne, Freeman (Wilbraham 77), Smith, Brownhill, Bryan, O'Dowda (Reid 60), Abraham.
Subs: O'Donnell, Kelly, Paterson, Tomlin, Engvall.
Reading: Al-Habsi, Gunter, Moore, McShane, van den Berg, Blackett (Obita 53), McCleary (Meite 82), Williams, Swift (Kelly 65), Beerens, Kermorgant.
Subs: S Moore, Cooper, Evans, Samuel.
Attendance: 20,074
Referee: R East
The French Professional Football League (LFP) had dreamed about it and now it has become reality.
On Tuesday, the LFP said it had secured the domestic TV rights of the 2020-24 Ligue 1 in a record deal of €1.15 billion per season. By crossing the symbolic billion euro bar, The French Football Championship is rising to the heights of other major European leagues, excluding the English Premier League with its €2.3 billion value per season.
"This is a successful tender, with a significant increase in our TV rights," said LFP President Nathalie Boy de la Tour. The prices for the period 2016-2020 amounted to €762 million, which represents a rise of nearly 60%. The Spanish group Mediapro won the main "lots" auctioned by the League. The new player on the French market is based in Barcelona.
In Spain, Mediapro owns two TV channels, La Sexta and Gol. The company was created in 1994 and is now majority-owned by Hontai Capital, a private Chinese fund, with 53.3%. The second shareholder of Mediapro is WPP, an English advertising group that holds 22.5%.
However, and this is a first, the historical broadcaster of the French championship, Canal +, "is no longer awarded any lot" although it made offers "on each of the 7 lots" put on sale, said the general manager of the LFP Didier Quillot, recalling that it is a "partner of French football since 1984 and will remain so until 2020."
Mediapro took no fewer than three of the seven packages on offer, including lots 1 and 2, comprising the top 10 matches and a choice of 28 further matches, and Friday evening and Saturday's 17:00 matches respectively.
Mediapro has also secured Lot 4, including Sunday early afternoon matches and four matches from 15:00 on Sundays.
Lot 3, which has Saturday at 21h and Sunday at 17h, has been awarded to BeIN Sports.
Two smaller lots were not awarded because the "reserve price" set by the LFP was not achieved, and will be up for sale "before the end of 2018," said the LFP.
How much will it cost the viewer?
In France, sports fans more specifically football fans will be hit hard by the sale since the various European championships are, or will be, held by different stakeholders. Currently, to watch all the European championship matches, as well as those of the two European Cups (Champions League and Europa League), football fans will have to pay €58,89 per month. That breaks down as €34.90 euros for Canal +, plus €15 for beIN Sports and €9.99 for SFR Sport. The explosion of Ligue 1 rights and the arrival of a new company have stirred up a lot of fear in people on social media. Many believe that rates may rise steeply.
On the other hand, some have pointed out the new attractiveness of Ligue 1, especially since the arrival of a certain Brazilian in the club of the French capital.
What about the rights to broadcasting other championships in their countries?
At the end of the call for applications, France ranks third in Europe regarding the number of domestic TV rights, behind England and Germany.
In Italy, the situation is complicated, to say the least. In February, the Spanish group Mediapro, the same group that has just made a roaring entry onto the French market, obtained the rights of the Serie A from 2018 to 2021 with an offer of €1.05 billion per year. But this project was rejected on May 9 by a court in Milan, and seized by Sky, one of the current football broadcasters in Italy.
In addition, the Serie A assembly of clubs voted unanimously to cancel that contract earlier in May, ruling that the guarantees presented by Mediapro were not sufficient.
In the meantime, the issue of broadcasting matches is becoming more and more problematic. The next season of Serie A begins on August 18th.
PAWNEE, Okla. – Two earthquakes have struck in the area of northern Oklahoma that was rattled last year by the largest earthquake in state history.
The U.S. Geological Survey says the back-to-back earthquakes hit Monday morning near Pawnee, about 75 miles northeast of Oklahoma City. The USGS says the quakes had magnitudes of 3.2 and 3.3 and there are no reports of injuries or damage.
In September, a 5.8 magnitude earthquake struck Pawnee and caused widespread property damage. Scientists have linked Oklahoma's recent spate of earthquakes to oil and gas production, and state regulators have issued new regulations on the practice of injecting wastewater into underground disposal wells.
For a chance to win N10,000 in cash in the NB Weekly Quiz, please review the NB Weekly magazine and answer the question that follows. The winner and runners-up will be selected at 12pm on the 19th of April 2017. Winner and runners-up will be displa...
Share Article Facebook
Twitter
Email You are free to share this article under the Attribution 4.0 International license. Follow Futurity RSS
Twitter
Facebook
Newsletter
When and how did the first people come to the Americas? One dominant theory says that the first Americans took a coastal route along Alaska's Pacific border to enter the continent. A new geological study provides compelling evidence to support this hypothesis.
The conventional story, however, says that the earliest settlers came via Siberia, crossing the now-defunct Bering land bridge on foot and trekking through Canada when an ice-free corridor opened up between massive ice sheets toward the end of the last ice age.
But with recent archaeological evidence casting doubt on this thinking, scientists are seeking new explanations.
By analyzing boulders and bedrock, a research team shows that part of a coastal migration route became accessible to humans 17,000 years ago. During this period, ancient glaciers receded, exposing islands of southern Alaska's Alexander Archipelago to air and sun—and, possibly, to human migration.
The timing of these events is key: Recent genetic and archaeological estimates suggest that settlers may have begun traveling deeper into the Americas some 16,000 years ago, soon after the coastal gateway opened up.
The research appears in Science Advances today.
“People are fascinated by these questions of where they come from and how they got there,” says lead scientist Jason Briner, professor of geology at the University at Buffalo and a member of the UB RENEW (Research and Education in eNergy, Environment and Water) Institute. “Our research contributes to the debate about how humans came to the Americas. It's potentially adding to what we know about our ancestry and how we colonized our planet.”
“Our study provides some of the first geologic evidence that a coastal migration route was available for early humans as they colonized the New World,” says geology PhD candidate Alia Lesnek, the study's first author. “There was a coastal route available, and the appearance of this newly ice-free terrain may have spurred early humans to migrate southward.”
The findings do not mean that early settlers definitely traversed Alaska's southern coast to spread into the Americas: The project examined just one section of the coast, and scientists would need to study multiple locations up and down the coastline to draw firmer conclusions.
Still, the work is exciting because it hints that the seafaring theory of migration is viable.
The bones of an ancient ringed seal—which other researchers previously discovered in a nearby cave—provide further, tantalizing clues. They hint that the area was capable of supporting human life at the time that early settlers may have been passing through, Briner says. The new study calculates that the seal bones are about 17,000 years old. This indicates that the region was ecologically vibrant soon after the ice retreated, with resources including food becoming available.
‘The glacier was here'
To conduct their study, the scientists journeyed to four islands within the Alexander Archipelago that lie about 200 miles south/southeast of Juneau.
The team traveled by helicopter to reach these remote destinations. As soon as the researchers arrived, Briner knew that ice had once covered the islands.
“Where we looked at it, the coastal route was not only open—it opened at just the right time.”
“The landscape is glacial,” he says. “The rock surfaces are smooth and scratched from when the ice moved over it, and there are erratic boulders everywhere. When you are a geologist, it hits you in the face. You know it immediately: The glacier was here.”
To pinpoint when the ice receded from the region, the team collected bits of rock from the surfaces of boulders and bedrock. Later, the scientists ran tests to figure out how long the samples—and thus the islands as a whole—had been free of ice.
The researchers used a method called surface exposure dating. As Lesnek explains, “When land is covered by a glacier, the bedrock in the area is hidden under ice. As soon as the ice disappears, however, the bedrock is exposed to cosmic radiation from space, which causes it to accumulate certain chemicals on their surface. The longer the surface has been exposed, the more of these chemicals you get. By testing for these chemicals, we were able to determine when our rock surfaces were exposed, which tells us when the ice retreated.
“We use the same dating method for huge boulders called erratics. These are big rocks that are plucked from the earth and carried to new locations by glaciers, which actually consist of moving ice. When glaciers melt and disappear from a specific region, they leave these erratics behind, and surface exposure dating can tell us when the ice retreated.”
For the region that was studied, this happened roughly 17,000 years ago.
Good timing
In recent years, evidence has mounted against the conventional thinking that humans populated North America by taking an inland route through Canada.
To do so, they would have needed to walk through a narrow, ice-free ribbon of terrain that appeared when two major ice sheets started to separate. But recent research suggests that while this path may have opened up more than 14,000 years ago, it did not develop enough biological diversity to support human life until about 13,000 years ago, Briner says.
That clashes with archaeological findings that suggest humans were already living in Chile about 15,000 years ago or more, and in Florida 14,500 years ago.
The coastal migration theory provides an alternative narrative, and the new study may mark a step toward solving the mystery of how humans came to the Americas.
“Where we looked at it, the coastal route was not only open—it opened at just the right time,” says Charlotte Lindqvist, associate professor of biological sciences and a visiting associate professor at Nanyang Technological University, Singapore. “The timing coincides almost exactly with the time in human history that the migration into the Americas is thought to have occurred.”
Additional researchers on the study are from Tongass National Forest and the University of South Dakota. Funding for the work came from a UB IMPACT award. The NSF supported Lesnek's work on the project, which will contribute to her dissertation.
Source: University at Buffalo
In a statement, Border Angels, which advocates for immigrant rights on the US-Mexico border, said Castro disappeared somewhere between Mexico City and Puebla.
“I seriously need help,” Hugo Castro, a US citizen who works with the San Diego-based Border Angels, said in Spanish on Thursday. “My battery is going to die, I'm not going to move from here.”
Standing on the side of a busy Mexican highway, a Southern California immigrant rights activist turned his Facebook Live to beg for help, saying a group of criminals had been chasing him for days.
In the video, Castro said he was at Kilometer 37 of the highway heading toward Puebla after joining a caravan following a group of Central American asylum seekers as they made their way to the US border.
Castro said the group of criminals, which he did not specifically identify, had been following him for days in freight vehicles, passing him and waiting for him up ahead at various points. He then pointed his phone to a gas station coming up on the road, saying a group was waiting for him there.
“I thought I was going to be smarter than them, they're a very powerful group,” Castro said.
Enrique Morones, founder and director of Border Angels, said he took Castro to the border and was in touch with him for a couple of days before he suddenly went radio silent.
“I'm very worried about Hugo,” Morones told BuzzFeed News. “He did communicate with someone on Friday from a cab in Mexico City and that's the last we heard of him.”
On Sunday, his wife Gabriela Cortes wrote on Facebook that they had been able to file a formal complaint with the attorney general's office in Mexico City.
“We're waiting to see if they can view security cameras the city uses,” she wrote.
The attorney general's office could not immediately be reached for comment.
As a result of a fatal Road Traffic Collision shortly before 5.30pm on Wednesdayon the R 238 at Castlequarter, Fahan a traffic diversion has been put in place by An Garda Siochána with assistance by Donegal County Council.
This diversion is to facilitate the Garda Traffic Investigation teams and will be reviewed hourly in an effort to cause minimum disruption to motorists in particular motorists travelling to the Dubai Duty Free Irish Open at Ballyliffin Golf Club.
All traffic will be diverted at Bridgend (19th Hole Pub) via R 239 to Birdstown to the Eastern corridor via Muff, Quigley's Point to Carndonagh and onto Ballyliffin. Note: There is no disruption to traffic travelling from Buncrana to the event.
Motorists travelling from Derry/Londonderry are advised to travel via the Culmore Road (A2 Route) northbound to Muff village to join the R 238 to Quigley's Point and R240 to Carndonagh to approach Ballyliffin where Gardaí and Irish Open Stewarts will direct traffic to car parking facilities.
Motorists are strongly advised to allow extra time for their journey to Ballyliffin in the morning, listen to local media broadcasts & news bulletins which will provide the latest and up to date traffic flow information. It is hoped that there will be minimum disruption to traffic travelling to the event.
An Garda Siochána have deployed additional resources to ensure minimum level of disruption and would request that motorists co-operate and comply with directions given.
The public are advised that the peak travel times will be from 06.30hrs to 9.30am & 12.30hrs to 14.30hrs and egress traffic peak is from 16.30hrs to 19.00hrs daily.
Latest traffic information relating to this diversion will be provided via the following information sources.
Garda Siochana Facebook page.
Garda Twitter Feed.
AA Road watch
Donegal County Council website www.donegalcoco.ie
Trey Falwell talks on The Morning Line about exciting things happening at the university and the new arena to come.
Trey Falwell on Liberty Arena
GitHub is opening up its developer program to developers who do not have paid accounts.
The popular code-sharing service is looking to attract the open source community with the move. "That means if your free account was holding you back, you can join the program no matter which stage of development you're in,” said Jared Jones, GitHub Developer Program manager.
Launched in 2014, the GitHub Developer Program has featured a community of 17,000 programmers primarily developing software by using the GitHub API. Opening access to developers without paid accounts could dramatically expand that membership number, GitHub's Joe Wadcan, head of business development, acknowledged.
The intent of the program is to encourage developers to integrate with GitHub and improve developer workflow, Wadcan said. Participants receive advance notice on API changes and are invited to events. The program also provides services such as licenses to build and test applications against the GitHub Enterprise iteration of the platform.
Along with expanding access to the program, GitHub is introducing participation levels, all of which are accessible free of charge. The first level, for organizations or member applications with one to 499 users, provides tools to learn about GitHub's API and access the service's integrator community. ("Member applications" refers to applications built by individual users who are not part of a large team or organization.)
Level 2 is for organizations with 500 to 999 persons or member applications with that amount. It offers all the benefits of Level 1 plus GitHub.com credits and network discounts.
Level 3 is for organizations or member applications with 1,000 or more users, and features all the benefits of the first two levels plus member spotlights, including retweets or preferred placement on GitHub digital platforms. Consulting services for scaling also are featured as part of the third level.
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Pained decisions over "grievous" cuts to public health services including alcohol screening and condom distribution have been approved by council bosses.
Reading Borough Council has approved further reductions to its public health budget which will see more cuts to services aimed at keeping people healthy.
The authority's policy committee approved savings of £479,000 at a meeting on Monday, April 10.
These will affect a number of things including training to doctors about domestic violence.
The council has already reduced the service by £635,000 in a series of earlier cuts.
The savings now mean the budget has been reduced by more than £1 million.
Services have either had their budgets slashed or are being removed completely.
The council's joint service for physical activity with Reading's Clinical Commissioning Groups (CCGs) has been stopped to save £53,000 as well as health walks to save £8,000.
The budget for condom distribution has also been halved, from £20,000 to £10,000, although there is hope it could be funded fully by an underspent in sexual health.
The budget for domestic violence GP training and awareness has also been removed to save £40,000.
Speaking at the meeting, Councillor Will Hoskin, lead member for health, revealed his disgust at the ongoing cuts.
He said the council's Public Health team had been making "really tough decisions" to "squeeze out" the most effective use of what he called "grievously cut" public health budgets.
He said: "There are a huge number of things we'd like to be spending public money on.
"Investing in communities and projects which could really have a positive impact on the public health of this town, but unfortunately, we can't magic money from nowhere and therefore we have to deal with the cuts we've had, which, let us remind us, is 10 per cent over the last few years, about £1 million from an £11 million budget.
"That's a huge cut to take forward, from an area which delivers so many important things, such as sexual health nurses, health visitors and drug and alcohol services.
"What I'd like to see is the Government roll back on what is the most false of false economies, which is to cut public health funding across the country which will only build in further costs both in human costs in poorer health and to the public purse in dealing with that."
Cllr Rob White, of the Green Party, said he supported Cllr Hoskin's view, saying the Government's "cruel austerity" was forcing councils to make decisions like these.
NEW YORK (AP) — DeMarcus Cousins will make an early season trip back to Sacramento, while Gordon Hayward will wait almost all season to see Utah again.
Chris Paul's return to his old Clippers home is part of a Martin Luther King Jr. Day tripleheader that includes another NBA Finals rematch, while Paul George and Jimmy Butler also learned the dates of their return games Monday when the NBA released its full 2017-18 schedule — which for the first time in history features no teams playing four games in five nights.
The league had unveiled its opening-week national TV games and its five-game Christmas schedule last week. Opening night is Oct. 17, the earliest the regular season has started in 37 years.
Cousins will then return to California's capital city to play for the first time since the Kings traded him to New Orleans last February when the Pelicans visit on Oct. 26 as part of a TNT doubleheader.
From there, it's another five months until Hayward plays in Salt Lake City for the first time since joining the Boston Celtics as a free agent in July. The Celtics visit the Jazz on March 28 for an ESPN game.
Other nights of note:
George travels back to Indiana on Dec. 13 for the first time since the Pacers surprisingly dealt him to Oklahoma City. ( Click here for entire Pacers schedule. )
) Butler, another All-Star who went East to West in the summer, takes the Timberwolves into Chicago on Feb. 9.
The NBA's top two picks go head-to-head for the first time Nov. 15 when Markelle Fultz and Philadelphia visit Lonzo Ball and the Lakers.
The All-Star Game is Feb. 18 in Los Angeles.
The Christmas schedule, as usual, is headlined by NBA Finals foes Golden State and Cleveland meeting for the first time since the Warriors' five-game victory in June. They will meet again on Jan. 15 on the Cavaliers' home floor.
Later that night, Paul's Houston Rockets play the Clippers at Staples Center for the first time since acquiring the point guard to play alongside James Harden in their backcourt. The opener of the TNT tripleheader features Memphis' return to the Martin Luther King Jr. Day schedule, hosting the Lakers.
The regular season ends April 11.
A winter storm warning is in effect. Up to 30 centimetres of blowing snow are expected in Kenora, Whitedog, Grassy Narrows and Sioux-Narrows Nestor Falls.
The storm is expected to linger through Tuesday, as it heads east towards Lake Superior.
Drivers are asked to put off any non-essential travel, while the system passes through the area.
For more information:
Winter storm warning
(Evan Frost/Minnesota Public Radio via AP). Defense Attorney Paul Engh leaves the Ramsey County Courthouse after presenting closing arguments in the case of Jeronimo Yanez in St. Paul, Minn. on Monday, June 12, 2017.
(AP Photo/Jim Mone, File). FILE - In this July 25, 2016, file photo, a memorial including a photo of Philando Castile adorns the gate to the governor's residence in St. Paul, Minn., protesting the July 6, 2016 shooting death of Castile by St. Anthony p...
(David Joles/Star Tribune via AP, File). FILE - In this May 30, 2017, file photo, St. Anthony police officer Jeronimo Yanez stands outside the Ramsey County Courthouse while waiting for a ride in St. Paul, Minn. Closing arguments are set for Monday, Ju...
By STEVE KARNOWSKIAssociated Press
ST. PAUL, Minn. (AP) - A judge told jurors considering the fate of a Minnesota police officer charged with manslaughter in the death of a black motorist to continue deliberating Wednesday, indicating they may be having problems reaching a verdict.
Jury deliberations began Monday in the manslaughter trial of Officer Jeronimo Yanez, who shot 32-year-old Philando Castile during a July 6 traffic stop in a St. Paul suburb after Castile informed the officer that he was carrying a gun. Castile had a permit for the firearm.
Yanez, attorneys and family members for both Yanez and Castile returned to court Wednesday afternoon, leading to speculation a verdict had been reached. Judge William Leary, without explanation, re-read a portion of the jury instructions to jurors and told them to resume talks.
The material dealt with jurors carefully considering and re-examining their views and their duty to "deliberate with a view toward reaching agreement."
The hearing took just a couple of minutes.
On Tuesday, jurors requested another look at dashcam video captured by Yanez's squad car that shows the shooting. The jury also watched a replay of the video that Castile's girlfriend, Diamond Reynolds, livestreamed on Facebook beginning seconds after Castile had been shot.
Both videos were played at trial, and no explanation was given for the jury's request. The jury also requested transcripts of squad car audio and of Yanez's statement to state investigators the day after the shooting, but the judge denied the request because defense attorneys did not agree.
Defense attorneys contend the 29-year-old Latino officer saw Castile reach for his weapon, that Yanez was scared for his life and was justified in shooting Castile. Prosecutors insist Yanez never saw a gun and had plenty of options short of shooting Castile, an elementary school cafeteria worker they say was never a threat. Witness testified that the gun was in the pocket of Castile's shorts when paramedics pulled him from the vehicle.
The squad-car video shows a wide view of the traffic stop and the shooting, with the camera pointed toward Castile's car. While it captures what was said between the two men and shows Yanez firing into the vehicle, it does not show what happened inside the car or what Yanez might have seen.
Reynolds' video of the gruesome aftermath of the shooting was shared widely, and included her statements that Castile hadn't been reaching for his gun.
The squad-car video shows Yanez approaching Castile's car and asking for a driver's license and proof of insurance. Castile appears to give something to Yanez through the driver's side window. Castile is then heard saying, "Sir, I have to tell you, I do have a firearm on me." Before Castile finishes that sentence, Yanez has his hand on his own gun and is pulling it out of the holster. There is shouting, and Yanez screams "Don't pull it out!" before he fires seven shots into the car.
Yanez is charged with second-degree manslaughter, punishable by up to 10 years in prison, though sentencing guidelines suggest around four years is more likely. He also faces two lesser counts of endangering Reynolds and her daughter for firing his gun into the car near them.
Conviction on the manslaughter charge requires the jury to find Yanez guilty of "culpable negligence," which the judge described in jury instructions as gross negligence with an element of recklessness.
The 12-member jury includes two blacks. The rest are white. None is Latino.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Miki Sudo downed 37 franks to win her fifth straight title in the women's competition of the annual Nathan's Famous July Fourth hot dog eating contest.
The Las Vegas competitor fell short of the 41 hot dogs she consumed last year but still beat out second-place finisher Michelle Lesco, of Tucson, Arizona. Lesco chowed down 28 wieners and buns.
Thousands of attendees braved 83-degree temperatures and a heat index of 91 degrees to witness the annual July Fourth competition on the Coney Island boardwalk.
Ten-time winner Joey "Jaws" Chestnut will confront 20 other men during the men's competition later Wednesday for the coveted Mustard Belt.
Sudo was a fan favorite, drawing big cheers from the crowd during her performance, which was slightly delayed after she requested new water to soak her buns.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
There are some things you can always guarantee in football.
For example, Ronnie Radford's goal against Newcastle will always be shown on FA Cup third-round day, Arsene Wenger wearing a white shirt and a red tie, and Alan Shearer only ever describing what everyone can see on Match of the Day.
Another one you can guarantee is a Neil Warnock rant after losing to Reading.
It's always down to the ref, or the other team's cheating, or indeed any reason apart from his team not being as good.
We thought we'd seen the last of him as manager of Rotherham, but no, the man known universally as Colin (an unflattering anagram of his name, you'll either know it or can work it out), is back at the Madejski once more.
He's back as manager of Cardiff for what will be a freezing evening at the Mad Stad.
Last season the Bluebirds manager added another defeat to his fairly abysmal record against Royals.
He's now 69, but has he calmed down in his what is surely the twilight of his career? It seems unikely.
Here are a few of the memorable moments involving the lovable Mr Warnock.
Sheffield United 1 Reading 2 2003
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
This was the first away win for Royals under a bloke you may have heard of called Steve Coppell.
It was also the first appearance of a player called Ivar Ingimarsson.
A belter from Nicky Forster and a header from Ady Williams saw Royals secure a magnificent win at Bramhall Lane.
The Sekou Baradji game 2005
When Sheffield United came to the Madejski in October 2005, they were first and Reading were second.
But it was Royals who came away with the spoils, thanks to two goals from the legendary Brynjar Gunnarsson.
The Icelander scored after just three minutes, but United hit back with a 15th minute strike from Steve Kabba.
Coppell unleashed loanee Sekou Baradji from the bench, who produced a superb left-footed free-kick which was headed in by Gunnarsson.
That was Baradji's only league appearance for Royals.
Believe it or not, Baradji is still only 31, and is playing for Amiens SC in France.
Fans might also remember United keeper Paddy Kenny saving the ball while way outside his area and only being shown a yellow card too.
De La Cruz's goal, brawling with Wally Downes and a super-quick sending off - 2006
Another extraordinary game in the Premier League where Mr Warnock failed to cover himself in glory.
Reading's wonderfully named full-back Ulises de la Cruz had just run the length of the field to make it 2-0 to Royals.
Then, in the 55th minute Warnock sent on Keith Gillespie.
He came on, got wound up by Stephen Hunt, belted him and was red carded within a few seconds.
Just for good measure, Gillespie decided to belt Hunt again while leaving the field.
(Image: Rebecca Naden/PA Wire)
Then, while it was still simmering, Mr Happy Warnock decided he needed to tell Hunt what he thought of him.
He made a kicking gesture, apparently referring to a tasty challenge by Steve Sidwell earlier.
This incensed Reading's coach Wally Downes, who went steaming over to the opposition dug-out and another unsightly melee erupted.
Downes and Warnock were then sent off.
Just to annoy the away fans, and Warnock even more, Hunt scored the winner, which can only be described as a “flying backheel”.
The video is here, in all its mad glory.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Kicked off the park and two late goals vs Leeds 2012
Warnock was back again in 2012 during his short spell at the footballing circus known as Leeds United.
Leeds played like a typical Warnock style, preferring brute force to creativity.
United had a player sent off for a flying tackle on Jobi McAnuff after just 12 minutes.
However, it took Royals nearly the entire game to get on top of their opponents, particularly after Jem Karacan was subbed after a couple of really dreadful tackles.
The midfielder had already been on the end of a sock-ripping lunge when Michael Brown clobbered him, which led to him leaving the field.
It was down to supersub Adam Le Fondre to win it for Royals with two very late goals, which sent Warnock and his team of cloggers packing back to Yorkshire. Again.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
The wonderful relationship between Reading FC and Neil Warnock will surely end soon.
I wrongly said the game against his Rotherham side in 2016 would be the last time we saw Warnock at the Mad Stad.
He's often portrayed as a footballing dinosaur who should've been left behind many years ago.
However, to his credit he's got real staying power and an incredible enthusiasm and passion for the game, which unfortunately often spills out in a rather unpleasant way.
Also, we shouldn't be too rude about him as Cardiff are in second place and widely tipped to go up.
It will be a great achievement if Royals can once again send Warnock's men back over the Severn Bridge without any points.
When he eventually does pack it in, I don't think we'll miss his football, or his antics, or his endless complaining.
But the joy of Royals' record of nearly always beating him, coupled with some extraordinary moments, we'll definitely miss that.
For a chance to win N10,000 in cash in the NB Weekly Quiz, please review the NB Weekly magazine and answer the question that follows. The winner and runners-up will be selected at 12pm on the 19th of April 2017. Winner and runners-up will be displa...
By Radio.com Staff
Future's Coachella set on Saturday night (April 15) attracted a lot of superstar fans; the V.I.P. section was filled with Travis Scott, Wiz Khalifa, G-Eazy, A$AP Rocky, Solange, Tyga, Katy Perry and Play.it podcaster Amber Rose were all there.
Related: Concert Review: Drake and Future Bring ‘Summer Sixteen' to New York
A few even joined Future on stage; Migos joined for “Bad and Boujee,” and soon after, Future's collaborator and one-time tourmate Drake joined for a three-song set, starting with “Jumpman.” And predictably, the Coachella crowd went crazy.
Watch the video below.
A local basketball legend ​from the 1970s ​has been busted along​ with a dozen others ​in a massive heroin ring, the Brooklyn District A​​ttorney and NYPD announced Thursday.
James “Fly” Williams​ ​​– who played streetball in the Bronx and ​was a standout college player for Austin Peay before a brief stint ​in​ the old ABA​ ​-​​-​ ​and his cohorts allegedly sold some $2 million worth of heroin-filled glassines in the past three months alone, Acting Brooklyn DA Eric Gonzalez said.
The drugs were bought in the Bronx and then sold across Brownsville, Bushwick, Flatbush, and Fort Greene, the top prosecutor said.
Williams, 65, acted as a community advocate and was public about his own battle with addiction, was described by Gonzalez as “a local legend who never made it to the pro-level.”
“That someone with his stature in the community with his influence with young people would run such a narcotics operation is truly sad and reprehensible,” the Acting DA said.”These are the worst kind of drug dealers because they were selling to neighbors and other communities.”
Williams played with some of ​the city's best ​street-ballers in the '70s such as World B. Free and Earl “the Goat” Manigault.​
While in college, where he scored more than 50 points in a game multiple times, he inspired one of the all-time great chants: “The Fly is Open, Let's Go Peay!”
He was chosen by Denver in the first round of the 1974 American Basketball Association draft and his rights were eventually sold to the Spirits of St. Louis.​ ​He later played in the Continental Basketball Association and in Israel.
Also charged Thursday were William's stepson, Jeffrey “Doobie” Britt, and the ring's administrative assistant, Leezet “Baby Girl” Kelley​ among others​.
Six firearms were also recovered during the course of the investigation.
The 13 defendants were variously charged with operating as a major trafficker in violation of the state's drug kingpin statut​​e, in addition to first- and third degree criminal sale of a controlled substance and related counts.
Those considered major traffickers, including Williams, face up to 25 years to life in prison.
Authorities say more arrests are expected.
Miley film pulled from porn festival Miley ain't so wild after all. After The Post and other outlets reported Monday the singer had submitted a film for the first-ever NYC Porn Film Festival, her representatives have...
Katy v. Miley -- Who has the fiercest tour fashions? It's always fun to watch pop stars wage the who-wore-it-best war. It's even better when said stars are Miley Cyrus and Katy Perry, given their penchant for glitter, cats and...
6 things you didn't know about Miley's 'Bangerz' tour cartoonist The teeny-boppers who saw Miley Cyrus at Barclays Center on Saturday might not fully appreciate the weird animation playing on-screen behind her. The art comes from John Kricfalusi, the animation...
Miley Cyrus' tearful tribute to late dog They came for Miley Cyrus' twerks, but left mainly with her tears. After much hype and controversy, the “Bangerz” tour rolled into the area on Thursday night with a date...
A Miley-inspired short history of cheeky chaps As we all know, Miley Cyrus is currently wearing a whole lot of nothing on her buzzy “Bangerz” tour. That includes shrunken feathered boleros, sequined bras and Chanel bags the...
The wildest outfits of Miley Cyrus' Bangerz tour Tone it down after her wild and crazy MTV Video Music Awards performance? Puh-lease. Miley Cyrus' much anticipated “Bangerz” tour kicked off in Vancouver last week, and it was every...
Miley Cyrus enlists controversial designer for Bangerz tour Miley Cyrus has waxed poetic about the joys of popping Molly and smoking weed in her pop songs, but will the former Disney star actually wear T-shirts pushing drugs on...
Miley Cyrus strips down music for MTV's 'Unplugged' MTV's “Unplugged” franchise is turning over its stage to Miley Cyrus. The “Wrecking Ball” singer will perform a set featuring a more intimate version of her songs, including hits from...
Miley's 5-minute-long selfie for 'Adore You' Miley Cyrus had a late Christmas present in store for her legion of fans, a video for her latest single “Adore You.” The mildly NSFW clip is the third from...
Former President, Goodluck Jonathan has spoken of his party, PDP's preparedness for the 2019 presidential elections. He said Buhari and his APC party cannot beat PDP. The media aides of president Buhari went to visit him in London. General Overseer o...
Win: A 4-pack of tickets to DreamWorks Animation in Concert with the St. Louis Symphony Orchestra
Contest Ends: Friday, December 15, 2017
Listen to Greg Hewitt on KEZK all week for your chance to win a 4-pack of tickets to see DreamWorks Animation in Concert with the St. Louis Symphony Orchestra at Powell Hall on Friday, December 29th at 7pm.
Relive the moments from Shrek, Madagascar, Kung Fu Panda, How to Train Your Dragon and more as they are projected on the big screen while the STL Symphony plays the magical music live. An experience for the entire family, join us to celebrate more than 20 years of inspired animation.
Tickets are on sale now.
Must be 18 years or older to enter. Contest ends Friday, December 15, 2017. Read the official contest rules.
Before I made the decision to retire a few years ago, I began to pay more attention to the drumbeat of business articles warning baby boomers about the savings deficit that loomed in their future. The question the financial experts always posed was: Will you have enough when you retire?
By “enough,” they meant enough money to maintain one's current, presumably comfortable, lifestyle, especially since baby boomers are told that we will live longer than any generation before us.
But the word “enough” also got me thinking about how we define that concept, and whether—in the competitive, status-conscious society we live in—we can ever be satisfied with what we have or achieve. The goal for many is always to strive for more. Success seems measured by the ability to outstrip others.
I know that drive all too well. As a Girl Scout, I pushed myself to sell more cookies than anyone else in my group—not to bring in money for the team, but simply to outperform the other girls. In high school, I remember shopping trips with certain friends devoted to buying the latest pair of Pappagallo shoes before others in our crowd did. I never liked Pappagallos, but it didn't matter: I was in it for the race, not the shoes. As a parent, during high-school fundraising telethons, I tried to outdo other parents in the amount of money raised. The fundraiser was a good cause, but in my mind, it was also a contest.
The distinction between getting more and having enough crystallized for me a few months ago when I was cleaning out an overstuffed file cabinet. Stuck in the back was a 1992 Wall Street Journal interview with John Updike, in which the novelist railed against what he considered a spiritual emptiness at the core of American life. The number of “already very rich men who were willing to commit crimes during the 1980s to get even richer proved there was no enough,” he said. “Maybe that's one of the words Americans have a very hard time learning: the word ‘enough.' ”
Gym one-upmanship
It has taken me most of a lifetime, but I may finally have learned the lesson Updike was talking about. Instead of driving for “more,” I find myself accepting, with a sense of relief, that I have “enough.” Age is one obvious reason. When I was younger, I tried to be more flexible in exercise class than others nearby, or lift heavier weights than the person next to me in the gym. I can no longer compete like that. Now for exercise I aim for some combination of walking, riding a stationary bike or swimming. Well-being, not superfitness, is enough.
As a parent, too, my perspective has changed. Constantly bombarded with horrific images of an unstable world, what I want now is to know that my sons are safe in whatever city, airport, train station, nightclub or restaurant they are in, and to know that they are launched on their own paths, finding their own passions, setting their own goals. That's enough.
As a writer and editor, I did a full 180-degree turn from covering the business world to writing a book for a less-heralded, and definitely less prestigious, audience—middle-school children. Acting on a long fascination with honeybees and colony collapse disorder, I wrote a novel about four seventh-graders who set up beehives on the roof of a Manhattan hotel. Writing it was more fun than anything I had experienced while a full-time journalist. (Instead of fact-checking names, places and quotes, I could make them up!) The book doesn't need to have a sequel. One is enough.
Small successes
The most vivid reinforcement for this new perspective comes from my weekly visits to Inglis House, a residential facility in Philadelphia for 250 adults with disabilities, mostly advanced multiple sclerosis or cerebral palsy. There, I interact with people who have something to teach me about quality of life. Many of these men and women lack the same freedom of movement and clarity of speech as abled people, yet they are focused less on their limitations and more on their potential. Instead of competing with others, they take on challenges suited to their particular disabilities and find satisfaction in their successes, however small they might seem to an outsider.
“Enough” for these individuals is designing a website using voice commands to control the computer, Skyping with family thousands of miles away using specialized joysticks, or painting watercolor portraits with a paintbrush strapped to fingers that are no longer able to hold one.
Volunteering with Inglis and other community groups gives my days a structure that works for me. I am committed to these organizations, grateful for the opportunity to work with people I like and respect. That's enough.
Staying engaged
Of course I am not completely immune from social comparisons. I still note how my contemporaries dress, what physical shape they are in, how they spend their free time. But it's less of a zero-sum game. They can look and feel good, and so can I. Indeed, I want them to look and feel good, because their friendships will keep me engaged in the years ahead.
Updike's observations clarify what I now know: that interior time spent appreciating “enough” is a far better investment than time spent comparing one's achievements to others or struggling to cross some distant finish line that is always just out of reach. Updike's Harry “Rabbit” Angstrom is constantly on the run, always looking for the prize in a race he can never win. Our condition, in Updike's words, is “one of anxiety, of lostness.” Life is “a search [for a] sense of having found home.”
In retirement, I have found home. It is one smaller than others I have lived in, but with enough room for family and friends. I have some regrets, a sense of some opportunities missed, but I am no longer in relentless pursuit of more. If John Updike, who died in 2009, were on Twitter, my message to him would be: “I think I have found it. #enough.”
Sign up to receive the Brexit Bulletin in your inbox, and follow @Brexit on Twitter.
The Brexit transition deal has finally been agreed. Now what?
Businesses aren't convinced it's as helpful as they had hoped and a major hurdle still remains on the road ahead: The crucial Irish border issue is no closer to being resolved.
Markets rallied on Monday, though some analysts warned the optimism might not last. Businesses were divided as to whether to celebrate. Some welcomed the deal, while others expressed concern because it's not legally binding until the final Brexit withdrawal treaty is signed. The Institute of Directors said the two sides should commit to a second transition that would come into effect once a trade deal is agreed.
Jonesborough, County Armagh, Northern Ireland Photographer: Artur Widak/Getty Images
Transition was once imagined as a period during which businesses and the government would have two years to prepare for a new regime whose rules and regulations had been set out by the time the grace period started. Now it's clear it will be used to hash out the details of the trade deal. That doesn't leave much time for companies or for the U.K. government to prepare for life in January 2021 – and explains why the IoD is already talking about a second transition.
The riskiest aspect is that it could all unravel, because nothing is agreed until everything is agreed. And the Irish border issue remains the biggest hurdle. A compromise has been made but it basically takes us back to where we were in December – another fudge that will be tested again before the withdrawal treaty can be signed.
“Whether the political agreement on a transitional deal will prevent businesses from putting their Brexit contingency plans into effect depends on where they are on the spectrum of risk,” says Paul Hardy, Brexit Director at law firm DLA Piper. “Without some form of legal guarantee that what is going to be agreed in Brussels on Thursday will hold fast until 29 March 2019, there is simply too much scope for the promise of a transitional deal being derailed in the months to come.”
There's now a special series of talks planned, but the underlying problem remains intractable: avoiding a hard border between Northern Ireland, which is part of the U.K., and Ireland, a European Union member state. Currently, U.K. membership of the customs union and single market makes an invisible border possible.
The problem demands either a rewrite of Prime Minister Theresa May's Brexit policy or accepting a border between Northern Ireland and mainland Britain. At least one of those options could also bring down May's government.
Brexit Latest
Bone for the Brexiters | The EU forced the U.K. to accept a series of concessions to get the transition deal, but it also threw a free bone to Tory bulldogs who want a quick, clean split, Tim Ross reports. The U.K. will be able to sign trade deals during the transition, and even implement them with EU approval. That's a massive win for the likes of Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson, for whom getting back Britain's ability to strike trade deals around the world was a key part of the Brexit narrative. It's a concession that has no cost for the EU, and indicates European negotiators want to help May keep her job.
Devil in the Detail | The EU will consider offering the U.K. “improved equivalence” for financial services, according to the latest draft of its negotiating guidelines for the post-Brexit trade agreement obtained by Bloomberg. The addition to the draft makes clear that equivalence mechanism would still be unilateral – something the U.K. is trying to avoid.
Moving Out | Nearly one in seven EU companies with U.K. suppliers have already moved some of their business out of Britain and almost a quarter of U.K. businesses are planning to reduce their workforce to offset Brexit-related costs, according to a report from the Chartered Institute of Procurement & Supply.
Banks Ask for Help | Bank lobby U.K. Finance said financial firms may not be able to rely on the transition deal without additional guidance from regulators. It asked watchdogs to be flexible and “not to insist on worst-case contingency planning” now that the deal is in place.
Sting Operation | Cambridge Analytica, the data firm accused of harvesting Facebook Inc. user profiles, was captured in secret footage bragging about how it could use prostitutes and former spies to ensnare politicians and influence elections. In a four-month-long sting operation, Channel 4 News filmed executives talking about their illicit tactics to sway campaigns, including the 2016 U.S. presidential election and the Brexit referendum. The company denied the allegations.
On the Markets | The pound rallied 1 percent and gilts slid after confirmation of the Brexit transition deal. But the currency's medium-term gains are likely to be limited and gilts will be bought again, Charlotte Ryan and Anooja Debnath report. Nomura's Jordan Rochester sums it up: “Whenever the market gets a bit of good news for the U.K. the reaction tends to be 1) excitement, 2) a rush to understand the facts followed by 3) is that it? Oh well Brexit is still rubbish. Today followed a similar script.”
Coming Up | EU ministers will sign off on conclusions and Brexit negotiating guidelines ahead of a summit on Thursday and Friday. EU chief negotiator Michel Barnier will hold a press conference at 5 p.m. London time. Office for Budget Responsibility Chairman Robert Chote will be questioned by Treasury Select Committee at 10 a.m. May chairs a Cabinet meeting.
And Finally...
A Brexit comic will come into circulation next month, the Guardian reports.
The characters will include Reverend May, David Dealin' Davis and Boris “Captain Brexit” Johnson and will be based on the 1960s kids program Trumpton.
The print comic is the remainer project, led by illustrator and author Mike Dicks, and was crowdfunded.
For more on Brexit follow Bloomberg on Twitter, Facebook and Instagram
Vote For Minnesota's Best Hard Cider The air's getting crisp, every store has some form of pumpkin spice in stock, and fall is sweeping into Minnesota!
Guide To 2017 Labor Day Weekend Events In MinnesotaSporting and cultural events will mark the transition from summer to fall during the Labor Day weekend. Minnesota will feature some of the best entertainment productions. While baseball features prominently on many Labor Day weekend schedules, for other activities a weekend guide can be useful.
Image copyright Karina Driscoll Image caption Singer Ed Sheeran visited Melody Driscoll at Epsom Hospital in November 2016
Tributes have been paid to an 11-year-old girl who has died after a long battle with complex medical conditions.
Melody Driscoll, from Croydon, passed away at King's College Hospital (KCH) where she was being treated.
Her parents - who were once accused by hospital staff of "obstructing" their daughter's care - said they were proud of her fight.
Melody's mother Karina Driscoll said her daughter "had touched the hearts of thousands".
The family had been in dispute with KCH over the treatment given to Melody who had several illnesses including Rett syndrome, a rare and life-limiting genetic disorder that causes mental and physical disability.
Doctors wanted to wean Melody off painkillers, but her parents objected because the plan contravened the treatment she had previously been given at Great Ormond Street Hospital (GOSH).
In December, social workers from Croydon Council intervened by threatening to have Melody transferred to foster parents - citing that the girl's family were "obstructing her care".
A month later the council announced a U-turn in its plans and apologised to the family.
In March, the family was made to attend the High Court in March to fight off a wardship application made by Croydon Council before a judge ruled that Melody should remain in her parents' care.
She was briefly transferred to Epsom Hospital in May, but was moved back to KCH as her health worsened.
After Melody passed away, Mrs Driscoll's husband Nigel described the family were "devastated".
"We are so, so proud of her," he added.
"She has put so many smiles on people's faces and it is a story which has put a lot of things into perspective."
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) — Demonstrators went to Sen. Amy Klobuchar's Minneapolis office Wednesday morning demanding she take action to keep families at the border from being split apart.
The demonstrators want Klobuchar to schedule hearings regarding the separation of families. They want the democratic senator to introduce legislation to abolish ICE.
The Trump Administration is enforcing a “zero tolerance” policy that authorizes border security agents to separate the children of immigrants trying to enter the United States illegally.
Between May 6th and 19th, 658 children were separated at the border from the adults they traveled with.
A White House spokesman said Democrats are responsible for the separations, “because they refuse to close border loopholes that prevent those families from being swiftly returned home.”
A DHS official told CBS News that the children “most likely, they've been reunited,” but gave no specifics.
Members of Klobuchar's office met with the group Wednesday morning and told them the Senator shares their concerns and has called for an investigation.
Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro on Monday asked the pro-government constitutional assembly to investigate the opposition for allegedly supporting U.S. President Donald Trump's threat of a “military option” to resolve the country's political crisis.
Maduro said the truth commission created by the constitutional assembly should investigate opposition leaders as “traitors” for not speaking out clearly against Trump, according to The Associated Press.
Image copyright UTC Image caption University Technical College in Newhaven opened less than three years ago
A college which said it would shut after not attracting enough students has been rated "inadequate" by Ofsted.
University Technical College (UTC) in Newhaven, East Sussex, said on Monday it would stay open until July 2019 to allow current students to complete their courses.
Ofsted inspectors said many students were disappointed they had not received the education they had expected.
UTC acting principal Lisa Jepson said she accepted the report's findings.
"We are very disappointed by this outcome... and are committed to implementing the recommendations contained in their report for the students that remain with us until the UTC closes," she said.
The college opened in September 2015 for students aged 14 to 18 interested in science, technology, engineering, maths and computing.
College principal Adanma Umunna left suddenly a few weeks ago after being brought in after the first year by the Aldridge Foundation, one of the organisations involved in running UTC.
'Broken promises'
Ofsted found UTC to be inadequate in all areas, including leadership, quality of teaching, and outcomes for pupils.
Inspectors who visited the college found "too many promises had been broken too often" and teaching and leadership was ineffective.
Pupils felt "inadequately prepared" for exams, while those most able were not challenged enough.
The report also identified other problems, including frequent bullying, some of which was racial.
Ofsted visited UTC in May, in what was its first inspection.
On Monday, governors told parents, staff and students that the college had not been able "to recruit enough students to become financially stable and to deliver fully on its educational vision".
Children due to join this September will be offered alternative places.
HUTCHINSON, Kan. (AP) — Irrigation projects that aim to improve Kansas's diminishing underground water supply will be showcased across the state this month.
The state's more than 15 Water Technology Farms will show farmers in western Kansas how to use less irrigation water on their crops.
One technology is a precision mobile drip irrigation system that aims to increase efficiency.
The first technology farms were implemented in 2016. They test the latest irrigation equipment on a large level.
Gov. Sam Brownback began working on a plan to preserve the state's water resources shortly after taking office. Irrigation wells are drawing water from the Ogallala Aquifer at a rate that could leave the aquifer 70 percent depleted by 2064.
More than 95 percent of that water is used for irrigation.
Three people were escorted by police from Monday's Rayne City Council meeting.
Officers led Theresa Richard and her ex-husband Mitchell Ross Richard, along with Dowell D. “D.D.” Folds from the June meeting after Richard accused Folds of threatening her.
The council was hearing an appeal of a decision last month to reclassify two lots from a commercial zoning to residential. The action barred the owner of those lots from obtaining a liquor license required to open a bar there.
Theresa Richard, a self-described “government accountability activist,” was video-recording the meeting with her phone from the front row of the gallery.
Folds also was recording the meeting from the second row of the audience, directly behind and two seats over from Richard.
Folds' video was streamed live on Facebook and has been posted there.
About an hour and 15 minutes into the meeting, Folds made a comment to Richard, who turned her camera toward Folds. She then leaned over and whispered something into her ex-husband's ear.
He then turned toward Folds and told him, “You need to watch your language in front of her,” and accused Folds of “calling her names.”
That's when Richard stood up and announced, “He's threatening me ... and calling me names” and “He should be arrested.”
Folds can be heard denying threatening her, saying, “I just told her to turn the camera around.”
Richard exclaimed, “You need some security in this building,” at which point Mayor Charles “Chuck” Robichaux replied, “We have security,” then instructed the two police officers present to escort all three out of city hall.
Chief Carroll J. Stelly joined officers to escort everyone out of the building and off the grounds.
Richard continued protesting and told officers she wanted to make a statement concerning the alleged threats by Folds.
No charges were filed in connection with the incident.
Concerning Nathan Jauberty's appeal of the council's rezoning action, the matter was tabled pending the acquisition of public records.
Jaubert's attorney, Marcus Allen, claimed that Sylvia Mouton, in making the original request to have the property reverted to it's R-3 classification from C-2, failed to properly follow city ordinance.
Quoting the ordinance, Allen said that Mouton's petition for rezoning along with a $50 fee should have been filed five days prior to the Zoning and Planning Commission meeting or before that.
He presented a receipt showing that the fee had been paid on April 3, however, Mouton's statement to the commission was dated April 24, the day of the actual meeting.
Mark Daigle, city inspector, explained that Mouton had, indeed, filed the requisite petition the same day she had paid the fee. However, he continued, he had been out of state on vacation at the time of the public records request and Mouton's statement, not her original petition, had been submitted by mistake.
On Robichaux's recommendation, the council tabled Jaubert's appeal until the proper documentation was made available.
Daigle said Tuesday morning that the receipt and original notice were available.
No timeline was given on the council's reconsideration of the rezoning.
Action on other items on Monday night's agenda will be reported in next week's Acadian-Tribune.
Julio Jones' absence from Atlanta's offseason workouts — and his deletion of Falcons photos from his Instagram page – has some fans sweating in Hotlanta.
Falcons fans are worried about a rumored contract situation brewing. The Falcons predictably are saying move along, there's nothing to see here. And while we won't know for certain until June's mandatory minicamp, Thursday's draft probably will give at least a little hint.
Jones hasn't shown up for Atlanta's offseason workouts, although he's expected to at least make an appearance at some point this week. He worried some by recently taking his Twitter account private, and taking all photos of him in Falcons attire off his Instagram feed.
The team denied any rumors of a rift, explaining away the move by saying Jones is simply looking for a “fresh start” on social media. ESPN reported that the former Alabama star was looking to set an example for current Crimson Tide players, whom he spoke with on the perils and pitfalls of social media.
Falcons director of football communications Brian Cearns tweeted Tuesday that Jones had spoken about social media on “Bama Football Shop Talk” on March 28.
“At the end of the day, when that social media is gone — you delete social media right now, what you stand for, who are you?” Jones had said. “Social media ain't going to make me.”
Jones has since made his Twitter account public again. But he's not prolific on social media, only tweeting three times this year and none since Jan. 31. He only has 17 Instagram posts total, none since Feb. 10 and the only photograph of him playing football is a high school throwback picture.
There have been rumblings of a potential contract issue brewing in Atlanta. Jones signed a five-year, $71.25 million extension – with $47 million guaranteed – back in August 2015. And despite having three years and $34.43 million left on his deal, his $14.25 million average salary is almost $2 million behind Sammy Watkins and Mike Evans, and was only $2 million more than the recently cut Dez Bryant.
The Falcons have openly talked about how vital it is to have Jones healthy over this offseason to get in sync with quarterback Matt Ryan.
Picking 26th in the draft on Thursday, Atlanta could be in a position to nab a top wide receiver like Maryland's D.J. Moore, or possibly even Jones' fellow Alabama product Calvin Ridley. Either would be a great supplement to Jones (and Mohamed Sanu), or — if Jones boycotts mandatory minicamp from June 12-14 — a potential replacement.
Sea of Thieves is upon and with it comes hours of traveling the seas with your crew and finding oodles of treasure, and to do that, you're going to need to know how to measure paces in Sea of Thieves.
One thing you will be doing a lot of in the new pirate adventure from Rare is digging up treasure chests. Your character is equipped with a shovel and that will be your best friend throughout your time with Sea of Thieves.
During your playtime you'll come across maps that ask you to go to various islands and find different treasure chests. One thing this maps will ask you to do is to take X amount of paces northwest or something along those lines.
What actually defines a pace in Sea of Thieves? Good question and we actually have a definitive answer for you.
While you can guess the actual distance of a pace we actually have the exact measurement for you so you'll never have to worry about walking too far or too little ever again. To measure a pace all you have to do is pull out your compass and hold down the Right Trigger if you're using an Xbox One controller and Left-Click if you're on PC.
This will hold your compass out in front of you and your controller will vibrate with each pace you take. If you're on PC without a controller you will also be able to listen to your character's feet shuffle on the ground and count paces that way. If done correctly you should be able to whip out your shuffle and strike the chest on your first attempt.
By learning how to count your paces it makes searching for treasure a lot easier. You'll no longer have to wander around aimlessly digging a million holes. You'll also be able to impress your friends with your ability to find treasure on the first try every time. You should probably share the information with the rest of the crew if you don't want them to hate you.
The name of the game is getting more chests than everyone and getting more loot for better gear and weapons. This will be made a whole lot easier if you are able to streamline your treasure hunting and getting off islands as quick as possible.
With enough practice your compass might not even be needed for counting paces. Practice makes perfect so you'll become a pro in no time if you just keep counting those paces. You'll soon become the envy of your crew if you master the art of the pace.
Sea of Thieves releases March 20 for Xbox One and PC. The game is an Xbox Play Anywhere title meaning a digital copy on Xbox One will also get you a copy on PC and vice-versa. For more Sea of Thieves guides and news make sure to check out the rest of our gaming coverage.
See Also:
COLUMBUS — Ohio Attorney General Mike DeWine today filed a consumer protection lawsuit against the man who operated Ohio Restoration Group, a roofing company accused of taking thousands of dollars for work never provided.
The lawsuit accuses Ancil E. Wilson III of violating state consumer protection laws. In the lawsuit, the Attorney General seeks reimbursement for consumers and an injunction to prevent future violations.
“We are taking this action to protect consumers,” Attorney General DeWine said. “We believe the defendant violated Ohio's consumer protection laws and must be held accountable.”
According to the lawsuit, Wilson operated under the name Ohio Restoration Group LLC in Youngstown. He offered roof replacement and installation work, but after taking money from consumers, he allegedly failed to provide the promised work. Reported consumer losses currently total about $55,000.
The Attorney General's lawsuit, filed in the Mahoning County Court of Common Pleas, accuses Wilson of violating Ohio's Consumer Sales Practices Act and Home Solicitation Sales Act by failing to deliver promised services and failing to provide consumers notice of their cancellation rights.
Attorney General DeWine reminded consumers to research home improvement contractors carefully, to be wary of requests for large down payments, and to understand their cancellation rights. If a home improvement contractor does not have a fixed place of business or comes to a consumer's door to offer services, the consumer may be entitled to a three-day right to cancel the contract under Ohio's Home Solicitation Sales Act.
Consumers who want to learn more about their rights or report a potential scam should contact the Ohio Attorney General's Office at www.OhioProtects.org or 800-282-0515.
GOOCHLAND, Va. (AP) – Virginia authorities are investigating the death of an Army veteran, paralyzed from the waist down, who was found in his wheelchair outside his apartment complex.
Media outlets report Goochland County Sheriff Jim Agnew identified the man as 38-year-old Paul Chisholm. The sheriff said he showed no signs of trauma other than to his feet, which apparently dragged under his wheelchair, leaving a trail of blood from his apartment. The blood pooled outside other apartment doors, where he may have sought help. A newspaper carrier found his body early Monday.
WWBT-TV reports that Chisholm's mother said he suffered from post-traumatic stress and was medically discharged after he was injured in Afghanistan, where he served with the 101st Airborne.
The medical examiner was working to determine how he died.
On Saturday, the 118th edition of the Army-Navy game took place in a snowstorm at at Lincoln Financial Field in Philadelphia. It was one of the better games in the rivalry's recent history, ending with a Navy missed field goal that gave Army their second straight victory after 14 consecutive losses in the series. It was EPIC. It was FOOTBALL. It was 'MERICA. It was just about the coolest thing ever ... for a little while.
Less than 24 hours later, the Buffalo Bills and Indianapolis Colts topped it with a blizzard game the likes of which we haven't seen since that hilarious week 14 mess in 2013 when it snowed at basically every NFL game . Exactly four years later (it's week 14, coincidence?), it was winter wonderland week in the NFL once again, but only in Orchard Park, N.Y., which is the best place on earth for SNOW BOWL 2K17. And the best place on earth to laugh about the chaos that was Bills-Colts is Twitter, which had plenty to offer on Sunday.
We begin with who else but #BillsMafia, who have never met a tailgate they didn't want to drunkenly break tables and burn shit at, no matter how inclement the weather:
10/10. Flawless form and execution. What will these crazy cats do next?! Oh my goodness no...
I would ask what could possibly make you want to jump onto a grill, but this guy is tailgating in a blizzard at a Bills game. The grill dive is technically only his second worst decision of the day.
Shooter McGavin AND Santa are Bills fans!? All is truly right in the universe.
Swing and a miss.
Nope. Definitely just the Bills.
So lit that even Colts fans couldn't resist:
Quite the scene. But somehow not as wild as a scene as it was inside the game, and the crazy part was how quick it happened:
The Bills got the ball first, and began with the most blizzard-game-looking drive ever, going a whopping 29 yards in 10 plays. Nathan Peterman, who got the nod after Tyrod Taylor was ruled out with injury, hooked up with Kelvin Benjamin for a nine-yard gain on the ninth play of the drive, setting up a fourth-and-two at the Indianapolis 38. The Bills would go for it, but first:
This is like when you start shoveling during a snowstorm only for all your work to be rendered irrelevant as the snow continues to pile up. Fun job! After the Bills didn't convert, the Colts took over and provided an equally hilarious drive, consisting of 47 yards on 12 plays and ending with the saddest missed field goal of all time from Adam Vinateri:
Hard to blame him in the conditions, but he does have plenty of experience in the snow, and it would pay off later in the game. They didn't need his services the rest of the first half though:
An under bettor's dream right there. Because of the lack of highlights, the tweets only got more creative:
Finally, a miracle happened. The Bills marched down the field, going 80 yards in seven plays, including this insane run from LeSean McCoy:
Then, a pass. Yes, a pass (!) to Kelvin Benjamin:
Then the TD... on another pass!
For awhile, seven points looked like it would be more than good enough for Buffalo to win:
It was a good old-fashioned punt fest, until a 19-play, 77-yard drive from the Colts that ended in a touchdown. That's when Vinateri was called upon again, this time for a game-tying extra point. The Colts made his life infinitely more difficult when they were penalized, making the point after a near impossible 43-yarder in the snow. Nothing new for the veteran though , and his teammates made sure to help him out:
As for the kick, well, it was the most incredible kick you'll ever watch:
Was there ever a doubt!? It's Adam Vinateri! He does this in his sleep:
The kick sent the game into overtime, because the football gods wouldn't dare allow snow bowl 2K17 to end. It also led to everyone making the exact same joke:
Get it? Snow, overtime .. snowvertime? Ugh.
After nearly eight minutes, neither team even sniffed the end zone, meaning the dreaded tie was imminent. But nobody circles the wagons like the Buffalo Bills, who came up with a clutch drive when they needed it most, capped off by a Shady McCoy TD run:
Party time !
What a game. What a sport. What a great day to be a Bills fan. They left little doubt that they are the best fanbase in the NFL on Sunday:
And we'll leave you with this hilarious tweet from a fake Andrew Luck Twitter account that you didn't know about until just now. You're welcome:
Sierra Leone Telegraph: 30 May 2018:
The debate on president Bio's five year plans for developing Sierra Leone entered its second day in parliament yesterday, Tuesday 29th May 2018, with the Chief Whip of the Parliament – Alusine Kanneh of the SLPP commending President Bio and described him as “a man of integrity”.
According to report from the Department of Public Relations in Parliament, MP Kanneh applauded president Bio for focussing on issues that are related to disability, and the need for the improvement of education in the country.
Recalling former APC MPs – Alhassan Kamara and Amadu Fofanah who could not come to Parliament because of laws relating to dual citizenship, he urged president Bio to look into those laws as he promised. He referred to Sierra Leoneans with dual nationality as “our brothers and sisters who had gone to seek greener pastures overseas and are also contributing to national development, through remittances.”
Kanneh also commented on the construction of a health post in his constituency in Kenema District, with assistance from Norway. He criticised the APC for the spate of of violence meted out on SLPP supporters when APC were in power.
Responding, MP Rugiatu R. Kanu of the APC thanked President Bio for his developmental aspirations that are embedded in the “New Direction” strategy. Commenting on Bio's free education proposal, she said it was initiated by the late President Kabbah and continued by former President Koroma.
She called on the SLPP government to ensure that teaching and learning materials are made available to the intended beneficiaries, whilst applauding the former APC government for “cleaning the payroll of teachers and removing teachers with fake certificates”.
To succeed in the implementation of the free education initiative, she encouraged the Ministries of Education to utilize community structures, ensure the approval and recruitment of trained and qualified teachers, review and improve the conditions of service for teachers, reduce overcrowding in schools, and continue with training for current and new teachers in order to improve their skills.
MP Rugiatu Kanu appealed for the removal of barriers preventing women from accessing loans; to review the Education Act of 2004 in line with the input of development partner such as UNICEF, with the aim of improving access for the education and development of the girl-child.
MP Alpha Amadu Bah of APC commented on land related challenges, such as overcrowding. He appealed to President Bio not to remove the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) from the Office of the President and place it under the supervision of the Ministry of Lands. He called for a comprehensive assessment and re-examination of the work of the EPA, before it could be taken over by the Ministry of Lands, if at all.
He also called for the allocation of lands in the right-of-way, including bridges, and blamed President Bio for mentioning the construction of roads in the Southern part of the country, without talking about the hillside By-Pass Road connecting the Eastern part of Freetown, aimed at reducing traffic congestion, travel time, and the promotion of trade and other activities.
SLPP MP – Mustapha Sellu in his submission, described President Bio as “disciplined, focused and a man of fortitude”, whilst speaking on the huge potential of revenue generation in the marine sector, which he estimated at “100 Million USD” per annum, which he said the past regime did not pay much attention to it.
He said that under the “New Direction”, the marine sector will attract huge revenue for Government and create jobs for the youths. Quoting former President Koroma whom he said, “promised to lay his life for the youth”, he said the “New Direction” is aimed at improving the skills of our youth to enable them gain access to jobs.
He also called for the review of the Mining Act, with the view to ensure that mining benefits both the landowners and the affected communities.
MP Sahr Charles of the C4C called on President Bio to put his words into action. Speaking about the importance of agriculture, he criticised successive governments of both SLPP and APC for their unfulfilled promises, in respect of food security.
For agriculture to succeed, he appealed for the removal of politics. He said that the “soil test for ADDAX was taken from Kono, but the project was diverted and implemented in Bombali”.
Speaking on the review of the Mines Act of 2009, he said mining communities have not benefited from their God given endowments, citing OCTEA in Kono that has failed to meet its corporate social responsibility.
MP Foday Mario Kamara of the NGC, said that he and his NGC colleagues were very impressed with the president's speech. He said he is hoping for the successful implementation of the policies and programmes contained in the speech, whilst lending his support to the TSA with a view to curbing leakages.
He expressed concern over the issue of late allocations and its effect on revenue generating institutions, which he said could impact on their performance negatively. He recalled that past governments had difficulties in implementing free education at primary and secondary schools, because of late payment of school fee subsidies, which warranted other charges in schools being paid by parents.
Foday Mario Kamara called for a blue-print document to be sent to Parliament, with specifics for the implementation of the free education proposal, which he suggests should be implemented in phases.
He also appealed to the SLPP Government to inform parliament about the proposed sources of funding for the free education programme, without recourse to increasing the debt burden by taking loans from the IMF and the World Bank.
After other MPs had contributed to the debate, the session was brought to a close to be reconvened today, Wednesday 30th May 2018.
Share this: Tumblr
Email
Print
Google
Reddit
LinkedIn
Twitter
WhatsApp
More
Pinterest
Facebook
Photo: Scott Kirkland / Molly Riley / PictureGroup / Sipa / USA Today
By Scott T. Sterling
Macklemore fans should be especially thankful for Kesha.
A comedic new promo video for next summer's ‘The Adventures of Kesha and Macklemore' tour finds Macklemore ready to give up rapping to become a professional roller-blader.
Related: Macklemore Reveals How He & Kesha Became Fast Friends
That is until the arrival of Kesha, driving a classic Trans Am and decked out in a fabulous matching gold ensemble. The singer convinces him to give up his roller-blading dreams and go on tour with her instead.
The dynamic duo will launch the nine-week, 30-city tour June 6 in Phoenix, AZ, running until the final date on August 5 in Tampa, FL.
$1 from every ticket sold will be donated on ‘The Adventures of Kesha and Macklemore' tour. Kesha will donate her proceeds to RAINN (Rape, Abuse, & Incest National Network), the largest anti-sexual assault organization in the US. Macklemore will donate his proceeds to M Plus1, an organization that advances racial and social justice through the M&RL Equity Fund.
Watch ‘The Adventures of Kesha and Macklemore's tour trailer, which contains explicit language, now at Radio.com and see all the dates below.
6/6 – Phoenix, AZ @ Ak-Chin Pavilion
6/8 – Inglewood, CA @ The Forum
6/9 – Las Vegas, NV @ Mandalay Bay Events Center
6/12 – Chula Vista, CA @ Mattress Firm Amphitheatre
6/14 – Mountain View, CA @ Shoreline Amphitheatre
6/16 – Salt Lake City, UT @ USANA Amphitheatre
6/17 – Denver, CO @ Pepsi Center
6/20 – Dallas, TX @ Starplex Pavilion
6/22 – Austin, TX @ Austin360 Amphitheater
6/23 – The Woodlands, TX @ The Cynthia Woods Mitchell Pavilion
6/25 – Rogers, AR @ Arkansas Music Pavilion
6/26 – Kansas City, MO @ Sprint Center
7/10 – Maryland Heights, MO @ Hollywood Casino Amphitheatre
7/11 – Cincinnati, OH @ Riverbend Music Center
7/13 – Nashville, TN @ Bridgestone Arena
7/14 – Tinley Park, IL @ Hollywood Casino Amphitheatre
7/16 – Toronto, ON @ Budweiser Stage
7/18 – Clarkston, MI @ DTE Energy Music Theatre
7/19 – Noblesville, IN @ Ruoff Home Mortgage Music Center
7/21 – Hershey, PA @ Hersheypark Stadium
7/22 – Darien Center, NY @ Darien Lake Amphitheater
7/24 – Mansfield, MA @ Xfinity Center
7/25 – Camden, NJ @ BB&T Pavilion
7/27 – Holmdel, NJ @ PNC Bank Arts Center
7/28 – Bristow, VA @ Jiffy Lube Live
7/30 – Wantagh, NY @ Northwell Health at Jones Beach Theater
8/1 – Charlotte, NC @ PNC Music Pavilion Charlotte
8/2 – Atlanta, GA @ Cellairis Amphitheatre at Lakewood
8/4 – Miami, FL @ AmericanAirlines Arena
8/5 – Tampa, FL @ MIDFLORIDA Credit Union Amphitheatre
Any efforts to change the way Virginia handles legislative redistricting are now dead for the year. Supporters of change say it's needed to create a fairer electoral process. But House Republican leaders say the current process is already fair. WLNI's Evan Jones has more.
02-15 Redistricting Wrap-WLNI-WEB
“THE way I look at it, Munster is one of the very best clubs in Europe. Some fellas look at it like, if you don't make it at a top club in Europe, your career is over.
“But if a guy is in the Man Utd Academy, for instance, and doesn't make it onto the United first team, he wouldn't give up there.
"There are opportunities abroad in rugby. I couldn't recommend moving away enough and try a different culture. It is brilliant.”
Exciting Limerick rugby player Frank Bradshaw-Ryan is the epitome of fortune favouring the brave.
The second-row, from Clareview, went into the Munster sub-academy in November 2013. In October 2015, the former Irish U-19 international was told the province didn't have a contract for him.
Bradshaw Ryan said then: “I had two good years, but whether it was a number of places, budgets, whatever, I was probably a bit unlucky not to get another contract at Munster.
”It is unfortunate I never got a contract with Munster which would have been a dream of mine all the way up. But these things happen and you just have to get on with it.”
Rather than feel sorry for himself, a determined Bradshaw-Ryan found an agent in France. He quickly put a video together featuring him in action and in April 2016, French Federale 1 side Auch, a former Top 14 club, came calling.
Former Ardscoil Ris school's star Bradshaw-Ryan did two weeks pre-season with his club Shannon before moving to France in the summer of 2016.
The 22-year-old's time at Auch, who played in France's third-tier, turned out to be a positive experience for the Limerick man who is playing his trade with Pro D2 outfit USON Nevers this term.
Bradshaw-Ryan said: "Auch went pretty well for me last season. The biggest change to playing in France is obviously the language. That is a huge thing.
”After that, it's the style of rugby. It is very attritional, so physical and confrontational that it takes a bit to get used to it.
"It is not like AIL (All-Ireland League) at all. It is real hard man's rugby which is good as well at the same time, enjoyable. That would be the biggest thing to get used to apart from the language.
"Last year Dean Moore was in the squad as well. He is playing with Garryowen this season in the AIL. There was a New Zealander and a Samoan.
"There was something like six English speakers in the squad, whereas in Nevers there is something like 15.
"By the end of the season at Auch, I was first choice, but at the start I had to earn my stripes. It wasn't until just before Christmas that I broke into the starting squad. It took time.
"When I went over, at my first training session, they put me on a weighing scales and I was told straight away that I needed to put on weight.
”I was 110kgs when I arrived and they said I needed to be 120kgs. That shows how much emphasis they place on size and stuff like that.
"It was a case of eating as much as I could. They did help me a lot with strength and conditioning and extra gym sessions to do. I'm 119kgs at the minute and my coaches would be happy with that.
"Auch is a small French town, very tight knit. Everyone loved their rugby, everyone knows you. There is a not a lot to do, but that is nice too. The weather was absolutely gorgeous which made it a lot easier.
"We finished sixth and mid-table in Federale 1.”
The dynamic Bradshaw Ryan was looking to play at a higher level this season and Pro D2 side Nevers had spotted his athletic ability when the sides met Auch during the course of last term.
"My agent put out some feelers about a move and we got a lot of interest. Nevers really showed they wanted to sign me. I took a gamble, signing for them in March at a time when they hadn't been promoted to Pro D2.
"Thankfully the gamble paid off. The lads who were there managed to kick on and get promoted. I was lucky that way. It all worked out.
"The pre-season at Nevers started at the end of June. I had gotten a nice summer break, but by the end of it I was itching to get back.
"Pre-season was pretty rough in the heat, but I got through it. Some days we had trainings at 9am. We took a break between 11am and 3pm and then we would be back on the pitch then.
”In mid-July it was 34-36 degrees when we were training. For an Irish man there it was tough getting used to it, but we got through it.
“We are lucky to be a club with some of the best facilities in Pro D2. We really have no excuses. They give us the best chance to perform.
"We have a good few lads who have played at Top 14 level, but who have come back down to Pro D2 to finish their career.
"Coenraad Basson, a South African, who played with Bourgoin in the Top 14, is in the squad. He is 36 now. He always talks about playing matches against Connacht at a wet and windy Sportsground. He was complaining about the weather.
"Our head coach (Xavier Péméja) is a guy who used to coach Montauban who nearly beat Munster in a Heineken Cup match at Thomond Park in 2008 and he was in charge that night.
"It is brilliant training with guys like that and picking up stuff from them. They're so professional.”
Bradshaw-Ryan was involved in the Nevers first team through their pre-season games and has been playing with the Nevers U-22 side in recent times.
He said: "It has been the same as last season. I am earning my stripes. I am training well and they seem to be happy enough with how things are going for me. I have to bide my time as a young fella over there.
"The second-row guys ahead of me have played Top 14 and Super Rugby and the Premiership. They are all a good bit older than me. I have played a bit with the U-22 team which has been great. It is great to get gametime.
"I was involved in pre season games for the Pro D2 team.”
Bradshaw Ryan bumped into a familiar face from Limerick when Nevers played Colomiers Rugby recently.
"We played a team called Colomiers who are based in Toulouse recently and I made a tackle at one stage. As I got up I looked at the guy and said, 'is that Colm Hogan? (Ireland U-20 and ex-Glenstal Abbey)' It turned out it was. I met him after the game. He is doing a year's study in Toulouse at the moment.
"Playing in France is a great opportunity. I am still learning the language and the culture. Outside of rugby it has been about immersing myself in French life and I am loving every minute of it.”
Credit: Peter Barry
The helium deposits in Tanzania were confirmed after scientists in the University of Oxford's Department of Earth Sciences developed a new theory for helium production inside the Earth's crust.
Helium forms very slowly on Earth inside ancient rocks, caused by the radioactive decay of heavier elements like uranium. The scientist think that volcanic heat can liberate the helium from the rocks where it forms and trap the gas in underground pockets.
In volcanic areas like Tanzania's Rift Valley, the trapped helium can seep through weaknesses in the crust and bubble up through hot springs, like the one in this photo.
As Midterms Approach, U.S. Election Integrity Is in Question
With U.S. intelligence chiefs warning that Russian operatives are already mobilizing to mar the November midterms, fear and confusion over the integrity of the nation's election systems are running at an all-time high.
Although some bellwether special elections have been held in recent months, the primary votes in Texas and Illinois this month kick off the official contests that will determine the balance of power in Congress and in statehouses across the nation.
State and federal officials readily acknowledge that the shadows that hung over the 2016 vote have not cleared, including Kremlin-directed disinformation efforts, abuse of social media and attempts to hack state electoral systems.
Democrats say the Trump administration has not taken the threat seriously enough, while Republicans point the finger at the Obama White House for failing to act in 2016. Technology specialists fault the Department of Homeland Security and social media companies for failing to get a handle on the threat.
Homeland Security officials say Russian agents attacked elections systems in 21 states two years ago, but the targeted states say it is still unclear how deeply hackers breached their voter registration databases.
Texas officials last week denounced an NBC News report citing "substantial evidence" from federal officials that Russian-backed operatives penetrated some of their most sensitive databases in 2016.
Officials at the Texas Department of Public Safety and State Library and Archives Commission acknowledge that hackers looked into agency websites for vulnerabilities, but they contend no data was ever stolen nor manipulated. This time, officials have created a special alert to detect any suspicious activity at the voter registration database.
Still, Texas Democrats have criticized Gov. Greg Abbott, a Republican, for not doing more.
"Texans need answers," state Democratic Party primary director Glen Maxey said in a recent statement. "The fact is, we don't sit on the sidelines after a conventional military attack. An attack on our democracy in cyberspace should be no different."
In Illinois, which holds its primary on March 20, hackers in 2016 gained access to roughly 76,000 active voter registration records but apparently were not able to make changes. State employees now must undergo cybersecurity training focused on preventing "phishing" attacks -- the tactic Russians used on Hillary Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta to break into his email.
Illinois officials have also been granted federal security clearances to learn more classified information from Homeland Security about threats, a major issue for the 21 states targeted in 2016. But officials also acknowledge that they are still wary and that Illinois is one of 14 states that requested a Homeland Security risk assessment of their electronic databases.
Federal intelligence officials have made clear in recent days that the threat is still active. Director of National Intelligence Daniel Coats and National Security Agency Director Adm. Mike Rogers have issued stark warnings in Capitol Hill testimony.
"Clearly what we have done hasn't been enough," Mr. Rogers told senators last week when asked about efforts to stop Russia.
The Senate Select Committee on Intelligence announced that it would issue monthly reports on vulnerabilities in the U.S. election system as November approaches, focusing in part on the vulnerabilities of individual campaigns to covert foreign meddling.
"One of the most vulnerable entities in our democratic system is a campaign itself," Sen. Mark R. Warner of Virginia, the ranking Democrat on the intelligence panel, said in remarks last week to the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace. "A campaign is the quintessential startup. The notion that they're going to have the kind of good cyberhygiene you need -- I think that has to be a part of [the security recommendations] that we put out there."
The continuing danger was underscored by special counsel Robert Mueller's indictment last month in what investigators say is a massive Kremlin-led scheme to use Facebook, Twitter and YouTube to spread disinformation to American voters.
During congressional hearings last year, Mr. Warner and Senate intelligence committee Chairman Richard Burr, North Carolina Republican, pressed leaders from Facebook, Google and Twitter to explain why they didn't do more to stop Russian abuses of their platforms.
Mr. Warner said in an interview last month that social media giants such as Facebook and Twitter are "one significant event away from people losing faith" in their products.
"The truth is, where we stand here in the beginning of March, we are not prepared. We are not fully prepared," Mr. Warner said. After Texas and Illinois in March, the primary season resumes in May in Kentucky, Arkansas, Georgia, Nebraska, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Idaho, West Virginia, Ohio, Indiana and North Carolina.
© 2018 Washington Times under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: iStock/Artist's concept.
The Northview boys basketball team beat Edgewood 76-61. The win was the Knights 15th this year, that's their most since the 2003-2004 season.
Advertisement
Northern Ireland motorcycle racer Adam McLean hopes to continue to make an impact on the national and international road racing scene as part of the McAdoo Racing team in 2018.
McLean was awarded the Best Newcomer prize at the 2017 Isle of Man TT races.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
After looking like a bit like a team in turmoil this week, the Jets are out to show they are team together Sunday against the Rams. The 3-6 Jets are...
The Jets don't face the Rams very often, which is the reason to be thankful when it comes to Aaron Donald. Donald might not have the name recognition of J.J. Watt,...
Behind hatred, violence is an unloved heart, pope says at audience
IMAGE: CNS photo/Max Rossi, Reuters
By Junno Arocho Esteves
VATICAN CITY (CNS) — Violence and hatred often are signs that a person is unhappy and feels unloved and unwanted, Pope Francis said.
In today's world, people — especially children and youths — often feel that unless “we are strong, attractive and beautiful, no one will care about us,” the pope said June 14 during his weekly general audience.
“When an adolescent is not or does not feel loved, violence can arise. Behind so many forms of social hate and hooliganism, there is often a heart that has not been recognized,” he said.
Despite a heat wave that brought temperatures close to 90 degrees, an estimated 12,000 pilgrims donning colorful hats and umbrellas cheered and waved as the pope entered St. Peter's Square.
Pope Francis took a moment to greet the sick who were watching the audience from indoors because of the hot Roman weather.
“They are in the Paul VI hall and we are here,” the pope told the crowd in the square. “But we are all together; we are connected by the Holy Spirit who always unites us.”
In his talk, the pope focused on the certainty of hope that comes from feeling loved as children of God.
When men and women do not feel loved, he said, they run the risk of succumbing to the “awful slavery” of believing that love is based solely on one's appearance or merits.
“Imagine a world where everyone begs for reasons to attract the attention of others and no one is willing to love another person freely,” he said. “It seems like a human world but, in reality, it is a hell.”
Feelings of loneliness, he added, often lead to “man's many narcissisms” and can be conquered only by an “experience of love that has been given and received.”
God, who never needs a reason to love his children, has that kind of unconditional love for each person, the pope said. “God does not even bind his benevolence to our conversion; if anything that is a consequence of God's love.”
Recalling his time as archbishop of Buenos Aires, Argentina, the pope said he saw God's unconditional love reflected on the faces of mothers who went to the local prison to visit their children.
“I remember so many mothers in my diocese who would get in line to enter the prison. So many mothers who were not ashamed. Their child was in prison, but it was their child and they suffered so many humiliations, “the pope recalled.
“Only this love of a mother and father can help us understand God's love,” he said, adding that “no sin, no wrong choice can ever erase it.”
Departing from his prepared remarks, Pope Francis asked the crowd, “What is the medicine that can change an unhappy person?”
“Love!” the crowd exclaimed.
“Very good, very good,” the pope said. Christian hope comes from knowing “God the father who loves us as we are. He always loves us, everyone, good and bad.”
– – –
Follow Arocho on Twitter: @arochoju.
– – –
Copyright © 2017 Catholic News Service/U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops. www.catholicnews.com. All rights reserved. Republishing or redistributing of CNS content, including by framing or similar means without prior permission, is prohibited. You may link to stories on our public site. This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. To request permission for republishing or redistributing of CNS content, please contact permissions at cns@catholicnews.com.
Three-star prospect Cole Mabry, an offensive lineman at Brentwood High School in Tennessee, announced Tuesday night on Twitter he has committed to join Notre Dame's 2018 recruiting class.
Four-star defensive backs Derrik Allen, of Lassiter High School in Georgia, and Kalon Gervin, of Detroit's Cass Technical High School, also announced committments to the Irish's 2018 class.
Sierra is now entered into the pool of candidates for Academic All-America honors.
Student-athletes must be a sophomore, junior or senior, hold a 3.30 GPA and above and be a starter or major contributor off the bench to be eligible for nomination for the CoSIDA Academic All-District® award. Sierra carries a 3.77 GPA in Management.
Sierra got off to a slow start this season but finished strong, batting .350 with 16 doubles, 22 home runs, 54 RBIs and 63 runs scored. The Andres Boca Chica, Dominican Republic, native ranks second nationally in home runs, fifth in slugging percentage (.773), sixth in total bases (157) and 33rd in runs scored.
He led the Phoenix in batting average, doubles, home runs, RBIs and runs scored this season, posting a team-best 71 hits as well while drawing 31 walks, second most for CU. Sierra batted .408 (51-for-125) with 13 doubles, 15 homers, 39 RBIs, 43 runs scored, 19 walks and just 13 strikeouts over the last 35 games of the season, posting an .888 slugging percentage during that stretch.
Dreaming of your next holiday? Airbnb has released their trending destinations for 2018, according to what people are already booking on the platform and the cities might surprise you.
Sure, places like Tokyo, London, New York and Paris rank highly on the list of most-booked cities — Sydney creeps in at number nine, with Lisbon just behind at number ten — but the up-and-coming new destinations are a little bit more off the beaten track.
The biggest surge in bookings has occurred in Gangneung, Korea, the site of the 2018 Winter Olympics, which has seen 2,175 percent increase in searches. But beyond that, left-of-center seaside locales, like Bournemouth in the UK and the Cyprian towns of Paphos and Gazimagusa have all captured the imagination of travelers, with searches up more than 200 percent.
Here's the full list of trending destinations in 2018:
Gangneung, Korea: 2,175 percent
Bournemouth, UK: 353 percent
Edmonton, Canada: 284 percent
Indianapolis, USA: 256 percent
Da Nang, Vietnam: 255 percent
Columbus, USA: 254 percent
Gazimagusa, Cyprus: 234 percent
Bilbao, Spain: 234 percent
Hanoi, Vietnam: 212 percent
Matinhos, Brazil: 209 percent
Just outside the top 10 were places like Cardiff, Dunedin in New Zealand, Zagreb in Croatia and Mazatlan, Mexico.
What can we glean from these destinations? Firstly, beaches all around the world are up. In South America that means destinations like Matinhos, Guarapari, Ubatuba and Mazatlan. In Asia, it's places like Da Nang and Hanoi, both in Vietnam and both offering splendid coastlines and plenty of sightseeing reasonably close to home.
In Europe, bookings for Mykonos are up, but also for destinations like Bilbao in Spain, Gazimagusa in Cyprus and the resort town of Bournemouth in the UK, which Airbnb chalks down to its buzzing nightlife of clubs and casinos.
Further afield, travelers are heading off the beaten track in North America, favoring Midwestern cities including Indianapolis and Columbus in Indiana and Ohio respectively. Both these cities are becoming travel favorites courtesy of their booming restaurant culture and proximity to national parks. In Canada, the trend comes full circle, with bookings in Edmonton up 284 percent.
The Alberta city is a gateway to the Rockies and within spitting distance of Elk Island national park.
Time to start planning your next getaway.
GABF awaits Government funding as CBC Championships' tip off loom closer
The Guyana Amateur Basketball Federation (GABF) will be fielding two teams, Male and Female, in the 2018 Caribbean Basketball Confederation (CBC) Championships which will be held in Paramaribo, Suriname from June 17th to 30th. This tournament will also serve as the International Basketball Federation's (FIBA) Americup Caribbean pre-qualifiers, so there will be a lot at stake including a first senior men's title for the Guyanese.
Head of the GABF, Nigel Hinds, is very confident of Guyana men not only moving on to the FIBA Americup next round of qualifications but winning the CBC Championships in Guyana's neighbouring and fellow CARICOM affiliate, Suriname, when the tournament concludes in exactly one month's time. However, the women's chances of glory are slim but the tournament is being used to help advance the development of the resuscitated women's programme locally.
The GABF who are currently funding the costs for accommodation, meals and travel out-of-pocket had requested funding of a total of $10million in early May from the Ministry of Social Cohesion and Ministry of the Presidency but are yet to receive a formal response from the either of the government agencies.
Currently, a total of thirteen players, comprising five women and eight men from Linden, Kwakwani and Berbice are currently staying at the Windjammer, Rima and Kanuku Suites hotels in Georgetown as they undergo daily training sessions at the Cliff Anders
on Sports Hall (CASH) at 18:00hrs and 20:00hrs respectively for selection on Guyana's National female and male teams. This, according to the GABF boos, is costing the federation approximately $100,000 each day.
Hinds explained that the requested government funding will help cover those expenses in addition to the purchase of overseas based players tickets, the registration fee of both male and female teams in the tournament which will amount to approximately $2million, stipend etc. It was noted that the National Sports Commission (NSC) will provide transportation for the players and officials to the Ferry harbour.
The Guyanese women are in Group B with Suriname, Barbados and Dominican Republic. While Group A includes: Bahamas, Cuba and Saint Vincent and the Grenadines.
The Guyanese men are in Group A with Suriname, Saint Lucia, Grenada, St. Vincent and the Grenadines, while Group B comprises of Barbados, Bermuda, Antigua & Barbuda, Haiti and Montserrat.
Brighton's first-ever promotion to the Premier League was guaranteed after Huddersfield drew 1-1 at Derby on Monday evening and now boss Chris Hughton wants the title.
The Seagulls' squad had celebrated on the pitch at full-time after their 2-1 win against Wigan at the Amex Stadium earlier in the day effectively sealed a return to English football's top flight for the first time in 34 years.
The south-coast club's first-ever appearance in the Premier League - they were relegated from the old First Division in 1983 - was later guaranteed after Huddersfield conceded a late equaliser at Pride Park.
They can win the title with a sixth straight win at Norwich on Friday and former Republic of Ireland international Hughton told Sky Sports News: "It's a massive motivation for this group of lads.
"One thing we spoke about afterwards is it's a wonderful achievement, particularly after last season, to get promotion. That's the first thing.
"But what these lads want to do - whenever it is, two years' time, three years, 10, 20 years' time - is they want to be able to say they won the division and went up as champions.
"That will add something to all of their CVs, all of their thoughts when they're looking back."
Newcastle remain second, but their winless run was extended to three games after a 3-1 defeat at Ipswich.
Daryl Murphy equalised for the Magpies against his former club after Freddie Sears had given Ipswich the lead, but the home side scored twice more through David McGoldrick and Emyr Huws.
Leeds slipped out of the top six after Wolves striker Nouha Dicko grabbed the only goal at Elland Road, while play-off rivals Reading, Sheffield Wednesday and Fulham all won.
Gianfranco Zola took full responsibility for failing as Birmingham manager after resigning from his role following a 2-0 home loss to Burton.
Goals in either half from Lloyd Dyer and Lucas Akins sealed a double for Albion over Blues, with home fans chanting "we want Zola out" towards the end of the match as Birmingham slumped to within three points of the Sky Bet Championship relegation zone with three games left.
The 50-year-old Italian, who took up the reins in December following the controversial sacking of Gary Rowett, faced the media after the match to express his sorrow that he could not fulfil the club's expectations.
"I sacked myself," said Zola, who oversaw just two wins in 22 league games. "I decided to give in my resignation. I am sorry because I came to Birmingham with huge expectations.
"Unfortunately the results have not been good and I take full responsibility.
"It is not that I like quitting, but Birmingham deserves better. If I feel I cannot help the players, why stay? If I cannot help the team, it is better I leave and let someone else do that.
"I feel very bad and very sorry. We worked with a lot of meaning, but unfortunately it didn't produce the results. It is all very disappointing."
LANDOVER, Md. — They are a tough, hard-nosed, together team that will fight you for 60 minutes, reminiscent of one of those throwback Bill Parcells teams that would play you in the parking lot for free.
If you believe that Defense Wins Championships, then you have to feel good about the New York Football Giants again, because they throttled Kirk Cousins (four sacks, two Dominique Rodgers interceptions), stuffed Robert Kelley and kept the Redskins out of the playoffs.
Ben McAdoo, the defiant rookie head coach who played with fire by playing Eli Manning the entire way and didn't get burned, won his 11th game, 19-10, with a Same Old 2016 Giants formula that will leave him with little or no margin for error unless the playoff Eli Manning emerges once the Second Season begins next weekend in Detroit or Green Bay.
What buoyed McAdoo was a heavy-handed rushing attack (40 attempts, 161 yards) led by slashing rookie Paul Perkins (102 yards) that enabled Manning to control the ball for 35:52.
But if the Giants plan on making any noise as Road Warriors, and this has been an ongoing plea all season, it will require Manning to find a phone booth somewhere and change into that missing SuperMann cape.
Because you are living on the edge when you keep kicking field goals instead of scoring touchdowns. When more is demanded of the two-time Super Bowl MVP than taking care of the Duke as if it were a bar of gold.
Inside a proud visiting locker room, Jonathan Casillas was asked if he feels the Giants defense will be the determining factor in the playoffs.
“No, I think Eli Manning will be,” Casillas said.
Why is that?
“Because I think the way he's played in the playoffs in the past, the way he's played on the big stages, we're gonna need that from him,” Casillas said.
“We're gonna need him to play Eli Manning ball. We're gonna need it.”
The best example of Eli Manning ball came in the fourth quarter when he lofted a 44-yard rainbow down the left sideline to Tavarres King against Greg Toler. In fairness, McAdoo had wisely removed Odell Beckham Jr. (101 catches for the season) from any further jousting with Josh Norman early in the third quarter, and wasn't about to open up the playbook and show his hand with the money games next.
But Trevin Wade scored the final six points on a fumble recovery as time expired, which means Manning's offense scored 13, and just three in the second half.
“It's all about getting into The Dance,” Manning said.
Can he be Fred Astaire?
“I gotta play smart, I gotta do my job,” Manning said.
He is well aware his job is getting his team in the end zone.
“We want to pick it up, but hey, you run the ball, don't turn it over … we'll hopefully have some opportunities to hit some big plays in the passing game as well,” Manning said. “But if we can run the ball, defense is playing great, protect the ball, we'll be in good shape.”
The hope has to be that defenses will not dare the fresh-legged Perkins to run it against them.
“If we can control the clock and have long drives, run the ball well, we gotta just keep doing that, and eventually if they want to be more aggressive defensively, that'll give us opportunities to hit some big plays,” Manning said.
The 11-play, 74-yard touchdown drive in the second quarter when Manning was 4-for-4 and hit Beckham three times for 35 yards at least is cause for optimism.
“We gotta score more points,” Justin Pugh said.
I said to Pugh: “Until you do, you're living dangerously.”
“We're living dangerously, and you can't do that in the playoffs, you're right,” Pugh said.
They haven't reached 20 points nine times this season, and have fallen short of that total five times in a row. But this is no time for any of them to stop believing that Eli Manning will play Eli Manning ball when they need him the most. And they won't.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Weaver Vale MP Mike Amesbury has accused ministers of ignoring community concerns amid controversial plans to build a 67-cabin holiday park in Delamere Forest.
In January the scheme was allowed on appeal after a planning inspector overturned a decision to unanimously reject it by Cheshire West and Chester Council planning committee.
After being contacted by several constituents, Mr Amesbury wrote to then communities secretary Sajid Javid in April expressing concern the decision had been taken out of the hands of councillors, as well as raising his fears over loss of green belt land – something he strongly opposes in all but exceptional circumstances.
In a response received from Jake Berry MP, minister for the Northern Powerhouse and Local Growth, the government rejected the MP's concerns, saying the decision was carried out solely by a planning inspector who took all such issues into account.
The Secretary of State will sometimes get involved with very large or contentious schemes.
Mr Amesbury said: “This raises serious worries that the views of councillors who have been democratically-elected by communities to put the concerns of those communities ahead of business interests can just be brushed aside so easily.
“This is precious ancient woodland and should be kept intact for future generations. The further worry is where does it end and what does it mean for our green belt in years to come?”
Campaign group Communities Against Delamere's Destruction (CADD) have long opposed the £15m scheme by The Forestry Commission and its business partner Forest Holidays.
And in April 2017 Cheshire West and Chester Council's planning committee unanimously rejected their master plan on grounds the green belt plan represented inappropriate development.
This was the second time the scheme had been refused on similar grounds.
But the Forestry Commission argued the holiday park would make the forest ‘fit for purpose' by funding a new visitor centre, new trails and improved accessibility for people in cars and travelling by public transport, with claims it would bring an extra £2.4m a year to the economy.
Planning inspector Paul Singleton agreed: “I find that the early delivery of the enhanced visitor hub would be a social benefit of substantial weight. The provision of the Whitefield trails and the improvements to the safety of all non-car users accessing the visitor facilities would also be social benefits to which I attach significant weight.
“Visitors to the holiday cabins would be able to enjoy an enhanced experience of the forest park but this would be a benefit of only modest weight. The economic benefits weigh strongly in favour of the proposal and I attach considerable weight to these.”
He concluded: “I find that the harm resulting from the proposal would clearly be outweighed by the benefits when taken as a whole. The very special circumstances needed to justify a grant of planning permission for the holiday cabins have, therefore, been demonstrated.“
««« return to Daily Wine News index
Dal Zotto Wines in partnership for international fellowship
Dal Zotto Wines in partnership with the International Specialised Skills Institute (ISS Institute) is offering an international fellowship worth $12,500 to encourage regional Victorians to develop social and economic skills through innovative practices and leadership. Source, The Shout
The Bernie Bros Want You Out of the embers of the 2016 presidential race has emerged a strange and rare species: the Berniebro. These young, fresh-faced dude-bros are passionate about two things: ultimate frisbee and...
Awaken The Force Below With The Sexy Wookiee Hotline If you're feeling alone in a bedroom far, far way, there's one number you need to know: the digits for the Sexy Wookiee Hotline. Hairy operators are standing by to...
Uber's Latest Service Makes You Hold On For Dear Life Peter miller introduces the next step in Uber: Uber Drag. If you're tired of hassles like opening doors and making idle chit-chat with a driver who's probably going to ask you for...
If Marco Rubio Can't Be Trusted With 'Star Wars' He Can't Be Trusted With America Marco Rubio recently claimed to be a big “Star Wars” fan, but that's a big fat lie. A true fan would know that the first Death Star was destroyed in...
JNCO Jeans Are Back And Totally Unnecessary Good news, America. Your favorite fashion trend from the '90s is back: JNCO Jeans. They're comfortable, they're cool, and they're totally unnecessary. Order yours today! Featuring Taylor Ketchum, Steve Forrest,...
Pay Off Your Student Loans With The Career You've Always Dreamed Of You might as well have a career you like to earn the money to pay off the crippling debt you're left with after college. East Clarkston Technical Institute can give...
Finding The Right OJ Involves A Journey Into Your Own Heart Of Darkness Every parent wants what's best for their child, so when this regular mom learned the OJ she's been serving her kids has twice as much sugar as other leading brands,...
Adulthood Is A Worldwide Epidemic Pharmaceutical commercials are about as unavoidable as growing up, so they might as well start being honest. This painfully accurate drug commercial pretty much nails the modern pandemic of adulthood, but they...
Norwegian Turns Classic Songs Into Air Horn Masterpieces Never suffer through your favorite songs without the accompaniment of an air horn again, thanks to Calle Hellevang and his “Air Horn Classics.” From pop hits to movie themes, every song is...
All over Florida and Arizona this spring, some of the best baseball players on the planet are essentially doing volunteer work in the service of cash-flush Major League organizations: Though spring training is a mandatory part of a player's route to the Majors, minor leaguers do not get compensated for the seven-day weeks they work honing their skills in spring training. Though some top-flight international and domestic prospects receive seven-figure signing bonuses, the standardized salary scale for players in their first pro contracts means most of them make less than fast food workers earn on both an hourly and yearly basis, and less than the national minimum wage established by the Fair Labor Standards Act.
In 2016, two Congresspersons — both of whom received campaign donations from MLB's PAC — introduced an MLB-supported bill called the “Save America's Pastime Act” to exempt the league from the terms of the FLSA. Press materials supporting the bill suggested that paying minimum wage and overtime pay to minor leaguers would bankrupt beloved minor league teams, but Major League organizations pay the salaries of their minor-league players. One of the bill's sponsors pulled her support for it after backlash over its misrepresented premise, and it ultimately went nowhere.
But now, according to a report from Mike DeBonis in the Washington Post, the league could score a similar exemption thanks to a provision in an upcoming government spending bill. DeBonis writes:
A massive government spending bill that Congress is expected to consider this week could include a provision exempting Minor League Baseball players from federal labor laws, according to three congressional officials familiar with the talks…. (Minor League Baseball president Pat) O'Conner said the litigation underway represents an existential threat to minor league clubs, which could see their business model upended if courts rule that players must be paid according to the federal Fair Labor Standards Act.
The Post's whole report is worth a read. The litigation referenced in the excerpt above — a lawsuit first filed against MLB and its teams in 2014 and currently hung up in the appeals process over its class-action certification — names 45 current and former minor league players as named plaintiffs and will include over 2,000 more if it maintains its class-action status. Last year, Kyle Johnson, a minor league outfielder since cut from the Mets' organization, became the first active player to speak out on his involvement in the case in an interview with For The Win.
Former minor league pitcher turned attorney Garrett Broshuis, who is representing the players in the suit, spoke to For The Win by phone on Monday in the wake of the Washington Post report.
“They're trying to back-door it into the spending bill,” he explained. “It's all happening in secret, behind closed doors, so we have limited knowledge just like everyone else has limited knowledge.”
With no specifics on what's to be included in the spending bill, Broshuis would not speculate about its potential impact on the future of the lawsuit. Minor league players, understandably, remain reluctant to attempt to unionize or even speak out on behalf of their wages. But salary growth in the minors over the past 40 years hasn't even been nearly enough to account for inflation, and Broshuis says he knows players are keeping tabs on the litigation.
“I have players who routinely reach out to me,” he said. “They realize it's a problem; this is not something that has developed overnight. It's the result of MLB and teams ignoring minor leaguers for decades now, to the point where they are paying sub-minimum wages. It's difficult for guys to rent an apartment and pay the bills. Guys realize something needs to be done, and they're hopeful something will be done.”
LOS ANGELES — The Eagles are heading out on tour with a son of founding member Glenn Frey stepping in for his late father.
The band announced Monday that it will visit Greensboro, North Carolina; Atlanta; Louisville, Kentucky; and Detroit in October. The shows will follow a Sept. 30 date with The Doobie Brothers in Seattle.
The Eagles played concerts in Los Angeles and New York last month for their first shows since Frey died at the age of 67 in January 2016.
His son Deacon filled in on guitar and vocals at the concerts and will join the band on tour in the fall.
Earlier this year, Nike released the Air Jordan 13 golf shoe in all-white and white-and-red designs, creating buzz among Air Jordan fans who play golf. And on August 18, the Air Jordan 13 kicks will land in a new pebbled-leather white-and-navy color pattern, providing a sleeker option for Jumpman supporters who thought the red Air Jordan 13 golf shoes were a touch too flashy.
These AJ 13 models follow several golf entries from Jordan Brand, including the Air Jordan 1 PE, which Jason Day wore at the British Open. Just like the Air Jordan XIII basketball shoe that debuted in 1997, the outsole of the Air Jordan 13 golf shoe draws inspiration from a cat's paw, designed specifically to create a stable platform on the various undulations and surfaces.
Additionally, the Air Jordan 13 shoes have a soft, resilient midsole that provides responsive cushioning, and a premium leather upper designed with non-stretch synthetic leather overlays that assist in upper, mid-foot and heel support.
Here are a few more looks at the brand-new navy Air Jordan 13 golf shoes.
Over 4m Nigerians Living With Sickle Cells Anaemia, Says Haematologist
By Aliyu Yusuf, Zaria
A Haematologist with Ahmadu Bello University Teaching Hospital (ABUTH), Prof. Haruna Muktar yesterday said about 4 million Nigerians are living with sickle cells anaemia who need regular blood transfusions.
He stated this in an interview with Journalists shortly after a rally to commemorate World Blood Donor Day held at the main campus of Ahmadu Bello University (ABU), Zaria.
He explained that those sickle cells patients require frequent blood transfusion, but lamented that the rate of blood donation among Nigerians was still very low.
While appealing to Nigerians to endeavour to donate blood willingly to assist others, Muktar said such donation would safe the lives of millions of people across the country.
The consultant said the essence of organising the rally was to queue-in into the celebration of the day set aside by the United Nations to celebrate and encourage people to donate blood.
“We are here today to sensitise people to make them aware of their responsibilities to come and donate blood regularly.
“Following last year's sensitisation, there appeared a marginal increase in blood donation from about 300,000 units to about 400,000 units across Nigeria,” he said.
According to him, the wisdom behind blood donation is to cater for blood transfusion needs of accident victims, illnesses, natural disasters and women delivering among others.
Consultant Haematologist urged the National Assembly to expedite action toward passing National Blood Transfusion Bill to enable Nigerians with blood transfusion needs benefit from it.
Also in an interview, the Head of Haematology and Blood Transfusion Department, ABUTH, Dr Abdul-Aziz Hassan urged people to donate blood regularly not until disaster strikes.
He said the importance of June 14 every year was to celebrate those people who donate blood selflessly to assist other people.
“Give blood now and give often. This is because if you have people who donate blood without being paid for, such blood is mostly safer than one given by family replacement donors or commercial donors.
“As you know, the WHO had banned the use of paid donors, however, up to now is not effective in Nigeria because people are not donating.
“Therefore, we do not have enough safe blood. So, by going round today, we are going to encourage young people to imbibe the habit of donating blood at least once in every three to four moths,” he said.
The rally was preceded by free blood test covering all ailments.
The post Over 4m Nigerians Living With Sickle Cells Anaemia, Says Haematologist appeared first on leadership.ng.
This post was syndicated from leadership.ng. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Wonder drug regulates hormones in both men and women If successful, a new drug from the biotech Myovant Sciences could treat two women's health disorders, as well as prostate cancer. The drug, Relugolix, works to reduce estrogen in women...
These human cyborgs can feel earthquakes and sense danger Talk about lighting up a room. Mike Seeler does just that without reaching for matches or flicking a switch. In a dark corner of a Williamsburg bar, the 30-year-old construction...
Plastic womb could revolutionize care for premature babies WASHINGTON — Researchers are creating an artificial womb to improve care for extremely premature babies – and remarkable animal testing suggests the first-of-its-kind watery incubation so closely mimics mom that...
This controversial science could cure cancer within 20 years All inherited diseases could be cured within 20 years, a leading British expert claims. That includes eradicating life-limiting conditions such as cystic fibrosis and Huntington's disease. Speaking at the world's...
Scientists OK genetically engineering babies Although not ready yet, powerful gene editing tools may one day be used on human embryos, eggs and sperm to remove genes that cause inherited diseases, according to a report...
City gives $100M to create biotech hub Borrowing a page from his predecessor Mike Bloom­berg's playbook, Mayor de Blasio on Tuesday announced that the city will put up $100 million to create a biotech hub on Manhattan's East...
Martin Shkreli sells remaining stock in former company Pharma bad boy Martin Shkreli no longer owns stock in KaloBios, and both the company and Shkreli couldn't be happier. Shkreli disclosed that he sold his remaining 2 million shares...
Shares of biotech firm Intellia Therapeutics soar in debut It's a brave new world for biotech. Shares of Intellia Therapeutics — a company that has the potential to “edit” defective genes — soared 23 percent in its trading debut...
Darling of Silicon Valley in danger of losing her business Just last year, Elizabeth Holmes, the founder of blood testing company Theranos, ranked as the world's youngest self-made female billionaire, a Silicon Valley darling who was revolutionizing her industry. Then...
Ex Vice President Atiku Abubakar has reportedly had a meeting with PDP leaders over the upcoming 2019 elections. The Federal Government has blamed Former President, Goodluck Jonathan on the issues facing the country. The Npower assessment has been gi...
LOS ANGELES — Charles Manson was cremated and his ashes scattered following a brief, private funeral four months after the death of the man who gained worldwide infamy for the 1969 Los Angeles killings of actress Sharon Tate and others that he hoped would spark a race war.
The memorial occurred Saturday at a funeral home in the California city of Porterville, according to Mark Pitcher, pastor of the Church of the Nazarene.
Pitcher, who presided, told The Associated Press on Monday that about 20 to 25 people attended, among them Manson's grandson, Jason Freeman, and Freeman's wife, Audrey.
TMZ.com first reported the funeral at the Porterville Funeral & Cremation Center and its story included a photo of Manson in an open casket.
Pitcher said he agreed to the funeral home's request to conduct services after he was told Freeman and his wife are Christians and that Freeman wanted his grandfather to have “a proper burial” despite his notoriety.
The pastor declined to reveal who else attended, but said some were friends of Manson, the ersatz hippie leader who inspired, with drugs and charisma, a rag-tag band of young followers to murder Tate and six others during two bloody nights in August 1969 that terrified Los Angeles.
The Porterville Recorder newspaper reported the attendees included Manson follower Sandra Good who, although she was not implicated in the 1969 killings, served 10 years in prison for sending hundreds of threatening letters to corporate executives. Also there, the newspaper said, was Afton Elaine Burton, a woman Manson took out a license to marry in 2014 when he was 80 and she was 26. The couple never wed.
The Manson Family, as the cult leader's followers were called, slaughtered five of its victims on Aug. 9, 1969, at Tate's home. They included the actress who was 8-1/2 months pregnant, coffee heiress Abigail Folger, celebrity hairdresser Jay Sebring, Polish movie director Voityck Frykowski and Steven Parent, a friend of the estate's caretaker.
The next night, a wealthy grocer and his wife, Leno and Rosemary LaBianca, were stabbed to death in their home across town.
Prosecutors said Manson ordered the killings to launch a race war he believed was prophesized by “Helter Skelter,” a Beatles song about a popular British playground slide.
During the service Pitcher said he quoted from Scripture both meaningful to him and Freeman, and although he said he discussed Manson's past only briefly, he added he did not shy away from relating what he had done.
“There were many choices thrust upon him that brought about very challenging circumstances through his early years,” he said of Manson, the son of a prostitute who never knew his father. “But he also made choices that brought great consequence and negatively impacted other people for many, many years.”
Pitcher said he exhorted Freeman and his family to see Saturday's funeral as an opportunity to establish “a new beginning” of making good choices.
Freeman, whose own father killed himself under the burden of being Manson's son, has said he only learned of his connection to the mass killer a few years ago.
After Manson's death in November at age 83, Freeman fought a months-long legal battle to gain the right to his remains.
Freeman, who couldn't be located for comment Monday, has said he wanted his grandfather cremated and his remains scattered to finally put to rest “this so-called monster, this historical figure that shouldn't have been blown up as big as it was for all these years.”
The funeral home's owner, Les Peters, told the Recorder that after the service, which he described as having a hippie vibe, the guests gathered to watch the cremation, then went outside to sing songs by Manson, the Beach Boys and Guns N' Roses.
Peters said Manson's ashes were handed over to Freeman. who said he planned to spread them “free in the air” somewhere.
ABC News(NEW YORK) — A fresh round of cold and snow headed toward the Midwest and Northeast on Monday.
The National Weather Service has issued winter storm watches and warnings for nine states from Indiana to Maine as an Alberta Clipper storm system moves through Monday into Tuesday.
The system is just moving into the northern Plains from the Dakotas to Minnesota and Wisconsin, with snow from Minneapolis to Chicago.
The storm system is forecast to move east into the Great Lakes by Monday evening, bringing snow from Detroit to Cleveland.
The clipper system is expected to touch down in the Northeast by Tuesday morning, with snow mostly inland and rain showers from Boston south to Washington, D.C.
Most of the snow will fall in the Midwest and Northeast just north of major metropolitan areas. Some parts of inland Maine could get as much as 10 inches.
Behind the storm system, the coldest air of the season is forecast for the Northeast by Wednesday morning.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
21 new and notable Android games from the last week including Death Coming, Stories of Bethem - Full Moon, and Deploy and Destroy: Ash vs ED (5/23/18 - 5/27/18)
For a chance to win N10,000 in cash in the NB Weekly Quiz, please review the NB Weekly magazine and answer the question that follows. The winner and runners-up will be selected at 12pm on the 19th of April 2017. Winner and runners-up will be displa...
An Obion County man has been arrested for allegedly having inappropriate communications with a juvenile female of a sexual nature.
Michael A. Beamish, 28, of South Fulton is charged with sexual exploitation of a minor.
According to Dresden Police Investigator Steve Howe, the case first came to light on Monday, February 6, after the parent of a 14-year-old female from Dresden reported that her daughter had been receiving inappropriate messages on Facebook.
(See compete story in the Feb. 15th issue of the Dresden Enterprise.)
Panjim: Following demonetisation and with the Model Code of conduct for the Assembly elections to be announced any time, the Chief Electoral Office (CEO) has directed the department of commercial taxes to monitor the sale of bikes, electronic and household items costing more than Rs 5,000, which may be used to lure voters.The CEO will be setting up a “multi-disciplinary task force” which will be working at the State, district and constituency level comprising officials of I-T, narcotic, Customs, excise, commercial etc to monitor sale of goods and other items.
“In Goa, apart from liquor and cash, there are large transactions of merchandise and hence we will
issue directions to traders to report to the task force if they come across some large orders of any
goods,” a senior official said. Officials said we have instructed commercial taxes to monitor sale of
bikes, TV, mobile phone, fridges and household items costing more than Rs 5000. “Especially listing the sales location wise,” he said.CEO has also directed the police to enumerate those engaged in distribution of milk, newspaper, fish, bread, vegetables and clear instructions on avoiding action as conduit for any cash or kind distribution.
At the same time, the Excise department has been asked to keep watch on bars and liquor stores
selling on chits. “Directions are being given to hold awareness meetings with the bar owners and
liquor sale distributors informing them about the election directions,” official said.The 2017 State
Assembly elections for Goa are likely to be held in mid-February. The code of conduct is expected to come into force next week.As the poll date for Goa is expected to be announced any time soon, the Election Commission has directed the Chief Electoral Office (CEO) to remove all political
advertisements displayed on public spaces, government properties and private lands, once election
dates are announced.
The Election Commission has already issued guidelines to the State CEO on the steps to be initiated once the elections dates are announced.The Commission has directed CEO to remove all the political hoardings, banners, flags and write-ups on government property within 24 hours, on public spaces in 48 hours and in private land within 72 hours from the day of announcement of election date. The ECI has also said that there would be complete ban on use of official vehicle by any political party, candidate or any other person connected with elections (political parties) for campaigning or election related travel.CEO has been directed to set up 24×7 control room along with Complaint Monitoring Centre at district level. For any complaint people can call on 1950 toll free number. [H]
WASHINGTON - FBI Director Christopher Wray sent a statement to the agency's employees on Friday saying he stands with them after a document written by congressional Republicans alleging bias against President Donald Trump at the FBI and the Justice Department in the Russia investigation was made public.
"I stand by our shared determination to do our work independently and by the book," Wray said in a statement to FBI staff, excerpts of which were seen by Reuters.
"Talk is cheap. The work you do is what will endure," he added.
Share on facebook Share on Twitter
Birkenstock signs deal for two-story Soho building In a nugget of good news on the struggling Soho retail front, Birkenstock has taken over the two-story building at 120 Spring St. The German footwear maker (“since 1774”) will...
Hippie favorite Birkenstocks now cost $800 Have you heard? Ugly is so hot right now. From the rise of normcore to the omnipresence of gorpcore to the great mom jeans renaissance, all things clunky and shall...
There's nothing hippie-dippy about this Birkenstock heir's $9M penthouse Alex Birkenstock, heir to the Birkenstock shoe company fortune, has re-listed his Setai penthouse at 40 Broad St. in the Financial District for $8.99 million. Birkenstock purchased the fabulous apartment...
American Apparel to lay off nearly 200 employees In the wake of American Apparel's rebranding after the dismissal of controversial CEO Dov Charney, the clothing company is allegedly laying off 180 employees. Meanwhile, Crocs prepare themselves for a...
How to pull off summer's 4 trickiest fashion trends The secret to pulling off summer's trickiest style trends? Just do like these NYC gals, and hit the concrete with plenty of confidence and 'tude. Ugly Sandals No longer just...
Oh no... The Teva is making a bedazzled comeback It's no secret that “crunchy” footwear has steadily been making a soft-padded comeback: The Birkenstock was the sleeper hit sandal of summer 2013 (the Olsens wear theirs with socks), and...
Rick and Morty is super popular adult cartoon show. It features Rick Sanchez, the smartest man in the universe–and a complete alcholic, who recently moved back into his daughter's home. He befriends her son, Morty Smith, and they get into some insane adventures.
The show dives into awesome philosophical and scientific problems, and brings them to life in a hilarious, engaging manner. Of course, there are tons of other Rick and Morty characters (and various things Rick turns himself into) to make a costume out of.
If you're still looking for Halloween ideas, then you should seriously consider a Rick and Morty costume. You could always go as one of the headline characters…or you could dress as someone super off-the-wall, like Scary Terry.
Without further ado, I've put together a list of the best Rick and Morty Halloween costume ideas. Check them out below!
1. Best Rick and Morty Costumes – Mr. Meseeks: Mr Meeseeks Unisex Two Pieces
Mr. Meeseeks is a part of an alien population created to complete a single task–and then vanish off of the planet. These tasks are generally set for a short time-frame, so a day seems like a true eternity for a Meeseeks. If they are unable to complete said task, Meeseeks will literally go insane…making for a fun time on Halloween.
This Mr. Meeseeks costume is a two-piece, powder blue outfit. It's made of lightweight cozy fleece, so you'll be set whether you're in hot or cold climates. The hands and feet are removable, so you can pair with some actual foot covers. This outfit will leave you saying, “Look at me!”
Price: $49.99
2. Best Rick and Morty Costumes – Rick Sanchez: Adult Rick Sanchez Costume
Rick Sanchez, of course, is one of the main characters. His crazy antics are exacerbated by his drinking problem–and insanely high IQ. With this Rick and Morty costume, you'll receive a lab coat, a wig, and an adhesive unibrow. Throw in a portal gun (grab one here), and occasionally burp throughout the night, and you'll have mastered Rick Sanchez.
Price: $59.99
3. Best Rick and Morty Costumes – Scary Terry: Scary Terry Costume Robe
Scary Terry is the Rick and Morty equivalent of Freddy Krueger. He's just a misunderstood creature who was born to be scary–but he didn't think he was scary enough–so he got very intense about his terrifying tactics. Just like Freddy, he affects your dreams. But, if he kills you while you sleep, you'll merely wake up.
Putting together a Scary Terry look for a Rick and Morty costume is actually pretty easy. With this set-up you'll receive a soft plush robe with an awesome hood. Just add some shoes (and some gray pants, if you're not interested in going commando), and you'll be screaming the B word after every sentence in no time.
Price: $49.99
4. Best Rick and Morty Costumes – Morty: Morty Mask
Morty is the other half of the Rick and Morty crew. He's timid, shy, and a little bit stupid. But, he provides rationale and comic relief to the series. With this costume, you'll receive the Morty mask, so nobody can question who you are. Just add some jeans and a yellow shirt, and you're set to go.
Price: $43.99
5. Best Rick and Morty Costumes – Pickle Rick: Adult Pickle Costume
Of all of the things Rick turns himself into, Pickle Rick is easily one of the most popular. In order to get out of a family therapy session, Rick chose to turn himself into a pickle. After a series of unfortunate events involving a cat, the sewer system, and a cockroach, Rick managed to make himself an even more BA version of himself.
This costume is perfect for anyone interested in Rick and Morty costumes. It's a t-shirt with a Pickle Rick face on it. For the full-effect, add in these blood and muscle sleeves a la Rick's rat arms. Use of one of these blue mustaches, to add a Pickle Rick unibrow. Ditch the gloves, yell “I'm Pickle Riiiiiiiiick!” randomly, and you're golden.
Price: $16.95
6. Best Rick and Morty Costumes – DIY Rick Sanchez: Rick and Morty Lab Coat Costume
When it comes to Halloween costumes, especially Rick and Morty costumes, it can feel like the selection is a bit paltry. Instead of settling for something you aren't super stoked about, create your own DIY Rick Sanchez costume. Here's what you'll need:
If you're really looking to get into the spirit of Rick, watch this video to learn how to burp.
Price: $29.99
7. Best Rick and Morty Costumes – DIY Tiny Rick: White School Lab Coat
Tiny Rick is a special character in terms of Rick's alter egos. Summer, Morty's sister, asks Rick to come to their school to defeat a vampire, by turning himself into a high school-sized kid. At first he outright refuses, then he decides it's a phenomenal idea. Get into the spirit of Rick and Morty costumes with this DIY Tiny Rick. Here's what you'll need:
Tiny Rick is, well, tiny. These costume parts are specifically meant for a kid–because of Tiny Rick's size–so it's a perfect Rick and Morty costume for a young fan. In the same breath, though, this costume can easily be adjusted for an adult. Tiny Rick is in the house.
Price: $12.95 – $19.95
8. Best Rick and Morty Costumes – DIY Morty: Brown Wig
Just like with the DIY Rick costume, some Morty costumes just don't feel up to par. So, here are the pieces and parts you need, in order to create an awesome DIY Morty costume:
Brown Wig
Yellow T-Shirt
Blue Pants
Just toss in a few “oh jeez” or “oh mans” throughout the night, and you'll channel your inner Morty in no time.
Price: $24.95 (58 percent off MSRP)
9. Best Easy Rick and Morty Costumes: Rick and Morty Reversible Beanie
If you're down for a Rick and Morty costume, but aren't a huge fan of, well, actual costumes, then you should seriously consider investing in a t-shirt. Instead of throwing something together you're going to feel uncomfortable in, opt to get a Rick and Morty-themed shirt. Pair it with a portal gun, so nobody can give you crap about your non-dress-up attire. Easiest Rick and Morty costume on the planet.
Price: $13.99
10. Best Rick and Morty Costume for Babies: Rick and Morty Baby One Piece
Love for Rick and Morty comes in many shapes and forms. Because it's such a hilarious show that many Millennials and Gen Xers enjoy, it's easy to see how it can spill into their lifestyles. These generations have or are starting to have children. So, if you're going for a Rick and Morty costume theme for the whole family, you can't forget about the little ones.
This baby onesie comes in four colors, and is available in sizes newborn to 24-months. It features a snap crotch, with three reinforced closures. Plus, the shoulders, sleeves, and leg openings are double-stitched, in order to provide sturdiness in the garment. Match your little one with a Get Schwifty hat, for times when a Rick and Morty family costume isn't appropriate. Deck out the whole fam!
Price: $13.50
See Also:
Heavy, Inc. is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by linking to Amazon. Our product recommendations are guided solely by our editors. We have no relationship with manufacturers.
INDIANAPOLIS (WISH) — One of more than 20 people indicted in November on federal drug charges has agreed to plead guilty, court documents show.
Frankie B. Ray, 29, initially had entered a plea of not guilty in the case in federal court in Indianapolis. He is not required to testify against others who were charged at the same time as him in indictments during August and November as part of the proposed plea agreement, according to his attorney, Joe Cleary. Federal prosecutors declined to comment on the proposed plea deal.
The deal proposes all but two charges to be dropped against Ray: conspiracy to distribute 1,000 grams or more of a mixture or substance containing methamphetamine, and conspiracy to distribute 1,000 or more grams of heroin.
Ray was among 25 people in two separate indictments announced Nov. 20. One of those indicted was Richard Grundy III, a man referred to by local authorities as a murderous gang leader. To date, Grundy has evaded serious jail time in numerous cases, including having murder charges dropped due to an unreliable witness. Known associates of Grundy — David Carroll and Lance Hatcher Jr. — were among those indicted in November.
In advance of the November indictments, numerous law enforcement agencies conducted raids Nov. 17 at 24 locations in Indianapolis and Phoenix, Arizona. Investigators said more than 30 guns, $100,000 in cash and numerous types of drugs were found during the raids.
The plea-deal proposal shows the FBI conducted wire and electronic surveillance of Ray's cellphone from May 26 through June 24 and of a cellphone of a heroin supplier of Ray's, Michael Sublett, from June 12 through July 10. On May 30, Ray delivered some heroin he obtained from Sublett to “another individual” who overdosed and went to Community South Hospital overnight before dying of the consumption of the heroin, the proposal said. As a result, Ray and Sublett were among seven people indicted in federal court Aug. 9 on heroin distribution charges.
Ray also had distributed an ounce of meth he had received from Hatcher on June 3 at the Constitution Gardens apartments, off Central Avenue south of 38th Street, the proposed plea deal shows.
One of the offenses in which Ray has agreed to plead guilty could come with a maximum sentence of life in prison because the heroin distribution resulted in a death. A judge would make the final sentencing decision.
No court dates for Ray or Grundy are listed in online court documents.
Sunday's national average of $2.76 per gallon was the highest daily average since July 2015. Tennessee gas prices set a fresh new high of the year. Sunday's state average of $2.55 was the highest since September, when prices recovered from hurricanes Harvey and Irma.
The average price in Tennessee was 3 cents more than a week ago and 37 cents more than the same time last year.
The most expensive gas price averages in Tennessee were in Kingsport-Bristol at $2.59, Morristown at $2.58 and Nashville at $2.57. The least expensive gas price averages in Tennessee were in Chattanooga at $2.48, Memphis at $2.51 at Clarksville-Hopkinsville at $2.52.
On Sunday, Tennessee ranked 11th among states with the lowest gas prices. It cost $38 to fill an average-sized tank of gasoline in Tennessee. Tennessee motorists paid $6 more for a full tank of gas, compared to the same time last year.
“High oil prices are the main reason gasoline is so expensive right now,” said Mark Jenkins, spokesman for AAA. “The price of oil is about 25 percent more than last year, as what used to be a global supply glut, is now tightening. Now, the added expense for oil is making it more expensive to produce gasoline. In addition, gasoline demand is strong, and inventories are down, as refineries wrap-up their maintenance season and begin pushing out summer-blend gasoline. So there are currently a number of factors keeping upward pressure on gas prices.
“If we haven't already, gas prices will hit their annual peak within the next couple weeks. However, unforeseen circumstances like escalating geopolitical tensions or a hurricane in the Gulf of Mexico would cause prices to surge. Unfortunately, oil prices could still remain elevated heading into the summer travel season. Which means, travelers will likely find the most expensive summer gas prices in four years.”
Oil prices were $15 per barrel higher than the same time last year. Half the price of gasoline was determined by the price of oil. Oil prices were higher than a year ago due to strong global demand and reduced supply glut.
Nationally, the highest average price for gasoline was April 22 at $2.76; the lowest was Jan. 3 at $2.49. In Tennessee, the highest average price was April 22 at $2.55; the lowest was Jan. 1 at $2.26.
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) – Those who know her already know what an amazing person she is.
Margaret Wacholz was recently named the Woodbury Citizen of the Year of 2016.
Wacholz is the community relations manager at Woodbury Senior Living. She brings personality, passion and poise to the job. And for that, and so many other reasons, Wacholz is this week's Minnesotan to Meet.
Energy and enthusiasm, that's what Wacholz brings to work every day at Woodbury Senior Living.
With a thick Irish accent, the rural Ireland native's personality is contagious and it trickles down to the residents.
“I'm obsessed with engagement. And I think that leads to happiness, just getting lost and being obsessed in what I'm doing. Now, that doesn't mean I'm fracturing relationship,” Wacholz said.
Wacholz said the average age in the senior living home is 84. The longtime Minnesota resident calls it “purposeful work” to bring the elders pure joy in a different way.
“As a team, we like to do things outside of the box. I have a rock band here for many years. No one under 90 need apply, because you're too young and you don't have the experience,” Wacholz said.
Her friends and co-workers say she doesn't like the spotlight, but loves to bring attention to others.
“I have witnessed people that they are not wanting any more of a cure, they might just want better quality days. And when you stop pleading for a change in the body, [or] a change our minds, then their living a deep, deep life,” Wacholz said.
When asked how she brings this kind of energy day after day to some 300 residents, she said:
“Of course you're going to fall on your face, but it's good for your head. It's good for your head because you've learned. I've never found that the successes have built my character as much as the things I have failed at and wanted to be forgiven,” she said.
Her volunteer list is long. It includes the Woodbury Area Chamber of Commerce, the Woodbury Heritage Society, and the Woodbury Community Foundation. She's also the co-chair of the Woodbury THRIVES mental health initiatives. It's a grassroots initiative by citizens to keep the community healthy.
“We're going to make this one of the healthiest cities in the country. And I'm not fearing that, we'll learn along the way and grasp it and get everyone engaged,” Wacholz said.
A lofty goal, but if anyone can do it – she can.
Wacholz also works with Face Aging MN. It's a statewide campaign to raise awareness about the issues of Minnesota's aging population. She even blogs regularly with this Woodbury Senior Living resident, Helen.
She said every time she visits Helen she gets a story idea and is inspired.
Helen's blog is called Helen's corner.
With the epic failures of Android lines such as the Galaxy, it seemed like the path was clear for the iPhone to re-establish its dominance over the smartphone industry. But when Google announced it was releasing its Pixel smartphone, consumers deci...
ABCNews.com(LAWRENCE, Kan.) — A Kansas father of three, who was detained by immigration officials last week as he was getting his kids ready for school, is facing deportation.
U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) agents arrested Syed Ahmed Jamal, 55, outside his home in Lawrence, Kansas, on Jan. 24. He's since been detained and will be deported to Bangladesh, where he's from, ICE said in a statement.
Jamal has been living in the United States for decades and attained his undergraduate and master degrees here, his family told ABC affiliate KMBC-TV. He and his wife, who is also from Bangladesh, have three children who are all American citizens.
Now, his family worries they'll never see him again.
“I don't really understand why this is happening.” Jamal's daughter, Naheen, told KMBC-TV as tears rolled down her cheeks. “So that's frustrating because he hasn't done anything wrong.”
An online petition to stay Jamal's deportation has garnered well over 8,000 signatures. The petition describes him as a “family man, scientist and community leader” who has lived in the United States for 30 years.
“He's obviously a very dedicated dad,” Jamal's eldest son, Taseen, told KMBC-TV. “I just want him to come back.”
ICE told ABC News in a statement that Jamal initially legally entered the United States in July 1998 on a temporary nonimmigrant visa. After he overstayed that visa, a federal immigration judge gave him 120 days to depart the United States. Jamal abided the judge's order and left for Bangladesh in July 2002, according to the statement from ICE.
Three months later, Jamal legally re-entered the United States on a temporary nonimmigrant visa. He again overstayed his visit and a federal judge gave him 120 days to depart. But Jamal violated the judge's order and failed to leave the United States, so the judge issued a final order of removal, or deportation, according to the statement from ICE.
ICE said Jamal came to the agency's attention in September 2012 after he was arrested on misdemeanor criminal charges in Johnson County, Kansas. ICE agents took Jamal into custody and subsequently released him on an order of supervision, requiring him to report to an ICE office in November 2012. In May 2013, the Board of Immigration Appeals dismissed Jamal's appeal of his removal order, according to the statement from ICE.
“To effect this removal order, deportation officers with U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement arrested Jamal outside his residence on Jan. 24, 2018. He is currently in ICE custody pending his removal to Bangladesh,” ICE said in the statement.
Jeffrey Bennett, a Kansas City lawyer reportedly retained by the Jamal family, did not immediately respond to ABC News' request for comment.
Copyright © 2018, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
An armed robber attempt to rob a Florida Walgreens was thwarted when he ran into some intense anti-theft technology that he was clearly not expecting.
The Broward County Sheriff's Office said that an unidentified robber walked into the Walgreens at 1751 Bonaventure Blvd at around 2.30pm on Monday.
The man's face was covered by a red hood and a ball cap and he casually walked up to the counter after grabbing a few items off the shelf.
The store clerk started to ring up the transaction and as he was doing so the man in the red hoodie pulled out a pistol and pointed it at the clerk.
Unfortunately for the hooded thief, the ‘stoic clerk stood in quiet resistance', according to a statement from the sheriff's department.
‘He didn't speak. He didn't move. He simply stared back at the armed man, almost expressionless.'
The man in the red hoodie repeatedly demanded the money in the register but the cashier wouldn't budge, he just stood and stared at the man with the gun.
Watch this video and see just how insane this man's reaction is to having a gun in his face.
Broward County Sheriff's Office spokesperson, Gina Carter, said that although the situation turned out for the best this time, authorities say its safer to comply with an armed assailant.
‘Even this kind of quiet resistance is dangerous, but luckily for this clerk, it worked out in his favor,' she added.
This cashier must either have a death wish, or has nerves of steel because that was nerve wrecking for me to watch, I can't imagine being there.
The suspect is being described as a 5 foot 9, African-American male in his early 20′ weighing around 150 pounds.
Boward County authorities believe he may be connected to similar robberies in the area.
Anyone with information on this crime is urged to call Broward Crime Stoppers at 954-493-TIPS.
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that default has been made in the terms and conditions of the Declaration of Spring Crest Homeowners Association (henceforth the Declaration) recorded in the office of the Recorder for Anoka County, Minnesota on September 27, 1984, as Document No. 654837, which covers the following property:
Lot 13, Block 1, Spring Crest Estates, according to the recorded plat thereof, and situate in Anoka County, Minnesota
WHEREAS, pursuant to said Declaration, there is claimed to be due and owing as of September 29, 2017, from Toni Yurich, titleholder, to Spring Crest Homeowners Association, a Minnesota non-profit corporation, the principal amount of Six A Thousand, Eight Hundred Fifty-Seven and 61/100ths Dollars ($6,857.61) for assessments, late fees and related charges, plus assessments, collection costs, attorneys fees and other amounts will be incurred since said date, including costs of collection and foreclosure;
WHEREAS, no action is now pending at law or otherwise to recover said debt or any part thereof;
WHEREAS, the owner has not been released from the financial obligation to pay said amount;
WHEREAS, pursuant to the Declaration, said debt created a lien upon said premises in favor of Spring Crest Homeowners Association as evidenced by the amended lien statement recorded on September 14, 2017, in the office of the Anoka County Recorder as Document No. 2180862.006;
WHEREAS, pursuant to the power of sale granted by the owner(s) in taking title to the premises subject to said Declaration, said lien will be foreclosed by the sale of said property by the sheriff of said county at the Anoka County Sheriffs Department, 13301 Hanson Boulevard NW, Andover, Minnesota, on November 22, 2017, at 10:00 oclock a.m., at public auction to the highest bidder, for cash, to pay the amount then due for said assessments, together with the costs of foreclosure, including attorneys fees as allowed by law. The time allowed by law for redemption by the unit owners, their personal representatives or assigns is six (6) months from the date of said sale.
The following information is provided pursuant to Minnesota Statutes Sections 580.025 and 580.04:
(1) Street Address of Property: 534 78th Avenue NE, Spring Lake Park, MN 55432
(2) Name of Transaction Agent, Residential Mortgage Servicer, Lender &/or Broker: N/A
(3) Tax Parcel Identification Number of the Property: 02-30-24-43-0076
(4) Transaction Agents Mortgage Identification Number, if known: N/A
(5) Name of Mortgage Originator, if stated on mortgage: N/A
(6) Date on which Occupant must vacate Property, if mortgage is not reinstated under Section 580.30 or property redeemed under 580.23: 11:59 p.m. on May 22, 2018. If the foregoing date is a Saturday, Sunday or legal holiday, then the date to vacate is the next business day at 11:59 p.m.
REDEMPTION NOTICE
THE TIME ALLOWED BY LAW FOR REDEMPTION BY THE MORTGAGOR, THE MORTGAGORS PERSONAL REPRESENTATIVES OR ASSIGNS, MAY BE REDUCED TO FIVE WEEKS IF A JUDICIAL ORDER IS ENTERED UNDER MINNESOTA STATUTES, SECTION 582.032, DETERMINING, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THAT THE MORTGAGED PREMISES ARE IMPROVED WITH A RESIDENTIAL DWELLING OF LESS THAN FIVE UNITS, ARE NOT PROPERTY USED FOR AGRICULTURAL PRODUCTION, AND ARE ABANDONED.
Dated: September 29, 2017
TOOHEY LAW FIRM, P.A.
By: Jennifer C. Toohey,
I.D. #0343742
Attorneys for Lienor
11660 Theatre Drive, Suite 280
Champlin, MN 55316
(763) 401-4120
Lienor:
Spring Crest Homeowners Association
By: Jennifer C. Toohey
Its: Attorney in Fact
THIS INSTRUMENT WAS DRAFTED BY:
TOOHEY LAW FIRM, P.A.
11660 Theatre Drive, Suite 280
Champlin, MN 55316
(763) 401-4120
File No. 7014.002
Published in the
Anoka County UnionHerald
October 6, 13, 20, 27,
November 3, 10, 2017
740440
VIDEO: GENTRI Sings About the Power of “One” as they Serve in Leprosy Colony
Sign up for Meridian's Free Newsletter, please CLICK HERE
The LDS “gentleman trio” known as GENTRI have teamed up with Rising Star Outreach to release their powerful new music video, “One.”
The singing group personally visited and gave service in a leprosy community in India, which not only provides an inspiring setting for their song, but an important impact to the song's message.
“One thought can spark creation, One choice can start today, One candle conquers darkness, One lighthouse lights the way…One life can make a difference; it's all inside of you.”
The message that one life can make a difference rings especially true in the efforts of Rising Star Outreach, an organization that is striving to help those living in leprosy colonies in India become thriving and self-sufficient members of society. Becky Douglas, the organization's founder and president regularly shares their stories on Meridian.
Becky will be teaching at the upcoming BYU Education Week, so any who plan to attend should be sure to go to the classes she will be teaching.
Watch the video below to learn more about her story:
If you want to lose weight, it might be as simple as chewing gum while walking. A new study found that people who chewed gum during a walk had higher heart rates. This uses more energy, so they lost more weight. A researcher called it "cardio-locomotor synchronization." OK. But if you really want to maximize weight loss, pat your head and rub your belly while you walk and chew gum. And make a video!
Winners Emerge in PAL Pensions art and essay competition
Winners have emerged in PAL Pensions Art and Essay competition as part of its Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) to support financial literacy.
Entries for this competition came from 200 secondary schools nationwide, which was aimed at creating the necessary foundation to build wealth creation.
Standing tall in the competition that recorded 120 (90 essays and 30 arts) entries from across 200 schools nationwide were Master Titus David, Miss. Nneoma Mbalewe and Master Quadri Uthman as the first, second and third position winners. Presenting the winners with their prizes, the first prize winner, a JSS 2 student of ASCL School 1, Kogi State, Master Titus David, smiled home with a tablet while winning a desktop computer for his school.
Also, the first runner-up, Mbalewe Nneoma of Babcock High School won a school bag with educational kits as well as winning a 3 in 1 printer for her school, while the second runner-up, Master Quadri Uthman won a school bag and other educational items while his school got a white board for her school.
Speaking at the prize giving, the Regional Manager, Lagos, Mabel George, said that PAL Pensions had its financial literacy initiative launched in response to the need to provide Nigerian students the much-needed financial education, which was lacking in their school curriculum.
According to her, the desire to arrest a situation where Nigerian youths do not get to know how to manage money, save, or even develop entrepreneurship skills and right financial judgment up until they start working spurred PAL Pensions' choice of CSR in that direction.
This post was syndicated from The Guardian NigeriaThe Guardian Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
CHICAGO — Freedom was short-lived for two Mexican immigrants recently released after nearly 20 years in an Illinois prison when a judge ruled their confessions in a gruesome double-murder case were likely coerced.
Gabriel Solache and Arturo DeLeon-Reyes, who were freed in December, were immediately detained again. This time they're awaiting deportation proceedings from Immigration and Customs Enforcement because they entered the country illegally.
They are among several defendants who have walked free because their cases were handled by Reynaldo Guevara, a discredited former Chicago detective facing allegations that for years he beat and bullied defendants to obtain false confessions.
DeLeon-Reyes' attorney said he's not sure he even made it past the fence outside the jail.
“But I do know he did see the sun shine without handcuffs on and could see a park and all of those were a first for him in a really long time,” said Andrew Vail, a Jenner and Block attorney who worked on the case for free.
DeLeon-Reyes and Solache's release adds a chapter to what has become one of the most troubling stories of the Chicago Police Department in recent history. The allegations of Guevara's brutality last year led to five overturned convictions. In previous years here have been other cases. One resulted in a 2009 jury award of $21 million — the largest award in in a wrongful conviction judgment at the time — to a man who spent 11 years in prison before his conviction was overturned.
Guevara has repeatedly invoked his Fifth Amendment right to remain silent when he's been called to respond to defendants' allegations in several cases. He did the same late last year at a hearing for Solache and DeLeon-Reyes, but this time prosecutors granted him immunity hoping his testimony would keep their convictions intact.
But Guevara's answer to every question was that he didn't remember and he refused to look at his previous police reports to refresh his memory, drawing the ire of Judge James Obbish, who in December threw out the confessions as he called Guevara's remarks “bald face lies.” He called Guevara “a shell of what we would expect and quite frankly what I've come to know for the vast majority of the homicide detectives …”
“He just tried to just weasel and wiggle his way out of a situation that he wasn't even in because the State gave him immunity,” Obbish said.
And with that, the Cook County state's attorney had no case against DeLeon-Reyes and Solache because prosecutors never had any physical evidence connecting them to the crime. Still, the prosecutors have continued to insist DeLeon-Reyes and Solache are guilty.
Police arrested Solache, DeLeon-Reyes, and Adriana Mejia for the stabbing deaths of Mariano and Jacinta Soto in 1998. The married couple was attacked so Mejia could steal their baby, and she told police Solache and DeLeon-Reyes were her accomplices, according to court documents. Mejia claimed her accomplices committed the stabbings, but no fingerprints or DNA was ever found connecting the men to the slayings. The only clothes that had blood on them were Mejia's.
Mejia is serving a life sentence.
Solache and DeLeon-Reyes barely knew each other or Mejia before their arrests. They lived together as roommates, along with Mejia's husband and another man. They also didn't know the Sotos.
Solache and DeLeon-Reyes are taking different paths now.
DeLeon-Reyes, who was 25 when he immigrated in 1997, wants to stay in the U.S. for now but ultimately return home in the Mexican state of Jalisco, where his wife and five children are. He's opted for voluntary deportation, which an immigration judge granted, but the government plans to appeal to get an involuntary deportation. That designation that would make it more difficult for DeLeon-Reyes to legally come back to the U.S.
DeLeon-Reyes remains in custody at the Kenosha County Detention Center in Wisconsin as the government makes a decision on an appeal, due in about three weeks.
On Friday, Solache was released on bond while his immigration case progresses in the hopes he can stay in the U.S.
He walked out of the federal immigration services building wearing a Cubs jersey with the number 14 on the back — his number when he played soccer in Mexico. Also on the back was the name Jane Raley, the attorney at Northwestern University Law School's Center on Wrongful Convictions who represented Solache for more than a decade before her death in 2014.
“She is the one who made this possible,” Solache explained.
His attorney, Karen Daniel, said when Solache was taken into custody, immigration officials tried to use his invalidated confession to keep him locked up even longer.
“They tried to use it to show he was a danger to the community,” Daniel said.
——
Moreno reported from Milwaukee.
AER LINGUS HAD to cancel three flights from Gatwick Airport in London to Dublin Airport yesterday due to “severe weather conditions”.
A spokesperson for the airline told TheJournal.ie the flights were cancelled as “the lengthy waiting times for de-icing caused crew to reach their maximum hours”.
The spokesperson said the airline's handling agent sought hotel accommodation for customers but was unable to secure accommodation for everyone who was affected by the cancellations.
“Some guests managed to secure their own accommodation and others unfortunately had to spend the night at the airport.
“Additional flights were scheduled today to bring guests back to Dublin. Guests who secured hotel accommodation themselves will be refunded the costs incurred.
“We apologise sincerely for the inconvenience caused to our guests,” the spokesperson said.
Three NFL Network analysts have been suspended after Jami Cantor, a former wardrobe stylist at the network, filed a complaint against NFL Enterprises alleging sexual harassment by several men while she was employed with the company. NFL Network confirmed the suspension in a statement to Bloomberg.
The suit, filed in Los Angeles Superior Court, names Eric Weinberger, a former executive producer at NFL Network and current president of Bill Simmons's media group, as well as Marshall Faulk and Heath Evans, retired football players who provide on-air commentary for the network.
According to the complaint, Weinberger pressed his crotch against her shoulder and asked her to touch it, in addition sending her “several nude pictures of himself and sexually explicit texts” and telling her she was “put on earth to pleasure me.”
Cantor alleges that Faulk asked her “deeply personal and invasive questions” regarding her sex life, fondled her breasts, and groped her butt.
Also named is another analyst, Ike Taylor, who the filing indicates sent Cantor “sexually inappropriate” pictures of himself and a video of him masturbating in the shower. Donovan McNabb, a former analyst, has also been included in the filing.
The men named in the suit are not included as defendants.
According to a spokesman for the NFL Network, Faulk, Taylor and Evans have been suspended while an investigation into the accusations is conducted.
Cantor said in the complaint that she informed Marc Watts, who coordinates talent for the NFL, of the alleged advances, but that he said it's “part of the job when you look the way you do.” Cantor also alleges that the network did not reimburse her for expenses, and failed to pay her adequately for the hours she worked.
Faulk has provided commentary for “NFL Total Access,” “Thursday Night Football,” and “NFL GameDay Morning” for five seasons. Taylor, hired in 2015, works primarily on “NFL Now.” Evans joined the network as an analyst in 2012.
ROCK ISLAND, Ill. — Two people died and several others were injured after a branch measuring in parts more than 8-feet around fell on spectators during a fireworks display in western Illinois, authorities said.
Rock Island County Sheriff Gerald Bustos said Wednesday that the branch fell from an oak tree that's believed to be about 100 years old. It fell about 25 feet during Tuesday night's “Red, White and Boom” event outside the courthouse in Rock Island.
Dozens were sitting near the tree watching the fireworks when the branch fell, crushing some of the spectators. Some of those who weren't hurt tried to lift the branch to free the people trapped beneath.
Bustos said Daniel Mendoza Sr., 61, of Rock Island was pronounced dead at the scene. Lawrence R. Anderson, 72, of Moline died at a hospital. Authorities have not provided the causes of death, but Bustos said autopsies were planned for later Wednesday.
Six other people were taken to a local hospital, including a 21-year-old pregnant woman from East Moline who was near term. Bustos said the woman gave birth, and she and her baby are reported to be in good health.
The others were treated Tuesday night and released from the hospital. Two people from Maysville, Iowa, and their 2-year-old son suffered minor injuries, including scratches to the face. A 3-year-old boy from Bettendorf, Iowa was treated for a suspected concussion, while a Moline woman also had a suspected concussion and scratches.
Melanie Brown Ledbetter told KWQC-TV she was with sitting about 50-feet from the tree with family and friends, watching the fireworks.
“I was turned talking to my friend and heard the loud crackle of the tree breaking and saw it fall,” she said.
She said her husband was among those who tried to help people who were hurt or trapped.
“People were screaming and crying,” Ledbetter said. “A lot of people rushed over to help and a lot of people immediately packed up and fled the scene.”
Bustos said his office is investigating, and he will provide an update Thursday afternoon.
4/17/17 – 10:01 A.M.
The University of Findlay is working to make the city a better place to live. That's according to members of the school's Center for Civic Engagement…
Audio:Tricia Valasek
Tricia Valasek is a grants manager at UF. She says the University is in a good position to help because they have professors with a wealth of knowledge on engagement subjects.
She adds they also have students who can take what they're learning in the classroom and apply it toward areas of need…
Audio:Tricia Valasek
UF has listed the center's resources for the community at cce.findlay.edu.
National leader of the Progressives Congress ( APC ) Bola Ahmed Tinubu has reacted to the launch of the Coalition for Nigeria championed by former President Olusegun Obasanjo. Tinubu stated that it was too early to respond to movement as every Ni...
Wilbert Benjamin assists another young cyclist with new bicycle
Using his brand name Benjamin Sports and Stores and Fitness Gym along with his Benjamin Wash Bay all situated at Lot 220 Courtland Village, Corentyne Berbice, former National Cyclist Wilbert Benjamin continued his assistance to young cyclists when he presented a brand new Racing Cycle to another budding cyclist.
Now being deemed a community leader and a man who wants to see his fellow Berbicians do well, Benjamin is doing his best to assist.
The former national cyclist, who now resides, rides and conducts business both in Canada and Guyana is working overdrive to assist his fellow countrymen in whatever way possible.
His latest hand of friendship went to Chameshwar Dhanai called “Satesh”. The 15 years old who hails from Nigg Village Corentyne, Berbice, is a student of the Corentyne Comprehensive High School.
The teen who has been riding for just over 2 years, said he began riding on the track at the annual athletic school sports, where he did well. He represented the Corentyne District at the National School Athletics and Cycling Championship where he copped two seconds places. That achievement motivated him to continue with the sport. He has since been training on a regular basis, but he was riding an oversize bike.
According to Benjamin he saw the potential and determination in the young man and noted that even with an oversize bike, it couldn't stop him from the sport. He gained 4th place last weekend in a race around the National Park Inner Circuit, in the junior category.
With that kind of determination, Benjamin said that he decided to assist the young man to achieve his potential by presenting him with a new bike that will suit his height and size. The bike is an Aluminum Louis Garneau road bike.
According to Benjamin he knows that with the right equipment Dhanai will do better in the future.
So far Benjamin has given out four brand new racing bicycles and other equipment within a month to riders from Corentyne, Berbice area.
Romello Crawford received a Fuji Carbon Fibre Road Bike and spare wheels, Curtis Dey and David Hicks received bikes and ShenikaTexeira two wheels. The Flying Ace Cycle Club (FACC) received a new set of uniforms.
Dhanai thanked Benjamin for what he has been doing in and around the community, especially among the youths. He stated that he will try his best to make the best use of the bike and make Benjamin and those around him proud.
It's been 15 years since Aaron Sorkin walked away from his hit political drama "The West Wing."
As a screenwriter for the 1993 film “Malice," Sorkin revealed he was uncomfortable penning a steamy scene at the request of the director.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
KANSAS CITY, Kan. -- Even before Friday's shooting that claimed the lives of two Wyandotte County sheriff's deputies, people in Kansas City, Kansas had enough of the violence. Organizers planned a rally to end community violence months ago.
Despite heat radiating from the parking lot at 9th and Quindaro, a group of 20 Gateway High Steppers kept the beat in their silver sequined shoes. Using only whistles, drums, and their feet, they stomped our a rhythm and carried a message all too familiar today.
Only once in their set did the group say anything. They stopped mid-step and yelled in unison, "Stop the violence!"
A man identified as Rev. Davis stood on a stage near the DJ Booth. Microphone in hand, he spoke to the crowd.
"We all know what we out here for, right?" he asked. "We're out here to stop the violence. We are a community that's had enough."
Though these people have had enough, the violence continues.
Ben Woods organized the event, four months before the heat set in and before many of the 19 other homicides in KCK occurred, which now includes the tragic deputy shooting.
"Officers killing and getting dying, over senseless stuff," said Woods. "The kids are dying over senseless stuff."
He continued, "I mean -- we got to get together. Our community's got to come together, that's our problem."
Nearby, the Gateway High Steppers kept dancing.
"Today, we came out to support the Stop the Violence cause," said LaVeda Davis, "and we truly believe in supporting our community for anything in the world."
Davis coaches the drill team, which is a team of 87 at its peak, with members ranging from eight to 18 years old. "We've lost several members to violence," said Davis, "and so that's all the more reason why we're out here. This can affect any of us."
So they come out - in the shade, in the sun, in the smoke from the grill. To take a step towards taking their community back, though they don't know what the next step may be.
Little girl who inspired Michigan State succumbs to cancer Lacey Holsworth, the girl whose courageous battle with a rare form of cancer inspired the Michigan State basketball team on its NCAA Tournament run, has passed away, according to her...
Spartans senior forms special bond with girl with cancer For all the talk about the wonderful impact he has made, there are moments, Adreian Payne says, when he gets so much out of his visits with his good friend...
Spartans star befriends ailing 8-year-old girl When the Michigan State Spartans take on the Virginia Cavaliers at Madison Square Garden Friday night, it will be a fierce battle to advance into the Elite Eight. But for...
Michigan State coach Tom Izzo thriving without one-and-dones If there is one player who made Tom Izzo what he is today, it is Mateen Cleaves. And, if there is one player who personifies what Michigan State has become...
Senior Adreian Payne drops 41, leads Michigan St. over Delaware SPOKANE, Wash. — There was the barrage of 3-pointers, the left-handed spin move, the steady work in the post, the can't-miss free throw shooting. Pick a skill and Adreian Payne...
Payne leads Michigan State past Virginia Tech Adreian Payne is projected to be a first-round selection in June's NBA Draft. On Friday night, he looked like a lottery pick. Not bad for the rare pro prospect who...
DUBAI: The ambassador of the United Arab Emirates to Afghanistan died on Wednesday of wounds sustained in a bomb attack in Kandahar last month that also killed five Emirati aid workers, the UAE's foreign ministry announced.
“With great sadness and sorrow, we mourn the martyr of the nation and his duty, the righteous son Juma Mohammed Abdullah Al-Kaabi, who gave his pure soul for the sake of humanity,” the ministry said in a statement quoted by official news agency WAM.
Dear Visitor,
Our system has found that you are using an ad-blocking browser add-on.
We just wanted to let you know that our site content is, of course, available to you absolutely free of charge.
Our ads are the only way we have to be able to bring you the latest high-quality content, which is written by professional journalists, with the help of editors, graphic designers, and our site production and I.T. staff, as well as many other talented people who work around the clock for this site.
So, we ask you to add this site to your Ad Blocker's "white list" or to simply disable your Ad Blocker while visiting this site.
Former White House Communications Director Anthony Scaramucci said Sunday that President Donald Trump should have been "much harsher" in his reaction to the deadly violence at a white nationalist rally in Virginia — and he continued to criticize strategist Steve Bannon during his first TV interview since his abrupt ouster last month.
"I wouldn't have recommended that statement," Scaramucci said on ABC News' "This Week" after H.R. McMaster, Trump's national security adviser, condemned the attack as terrorism. "I think he needed to be much harsher as it related to the white supremacists and the nature of that, I applaud General McMaster for calling it out for what it is — it's actually terrorism."
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Scaramucci is Out, as Gen. Kelly Takes Charge 2:48 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
"And whether it's domestic or international terrorism, with the moral authority of the presidency you have to call that stuff out," he said.
Scaramucci also bashed the influence of Bannon, the former Breitbart News executive.
"You also got this some of Bannon-bart influence in there, which I think is a snag on the president," he said, coining a portmanteau. "If the president really wants to execute that legislative agenda that I think is so promising for the American people ... then he has to move away from that sort of Bannon-bart nonsense."
Scaramucci, who has been a vocal critic of Bannon's, offered a cryptic response when asked whether Bannon should go.
Anthony Scaramucci walks back to the West Wing of the White House in Washington on July 25. Pablo Martinez Monsivais / AP
"I think the president knows what he's going to do with Steve Bannon," he said, adding: "Let's leave it up to the president. It's his decision."
"At the end of the day, I think the president has a very good idea of whom the leakers are inside the White House, the president has a very good idea of the people that are undermining his agenda — that are serving their own interests," he said.
Trump fielded bipartisan criticism on Saturday when he suggested that "many sides" were to blame for the violence at a white nationalist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia, which ended in a car plowing into a group of described "anti-racist" protesters — killing one person and injuring 19 others.
White House Senior Adviser Steve Bannon attends a round table discussion held by U.S. President Donald Trump in Michigan on March 15. Jonathan Ernst / Reuters
While Trump used the word "bigotry" in his remarks, he drew criticism from members of both political parties for not specifically rebuking white nationalists or supremacists.
On Sunday, the White House put out a statement further clarifying:
"The President said very strongly in his statement yesterday that he condemns all forms of violence, bigotry and hatred and of course that includes white Supremacists, KKK, neo-Nazi and all extremist groups. He called for national unity and bringing all Americans together."
Meanwhile, the White House is still without a communications director after Scaramucci's sudden departure just 11 days after he was appointed.
On Sunday, Scaramucci also addressed the expletive-ridden phone call with New Yorker reporter Ryan Lizza, in which he blasted Bannon and former White House Chief of Staff Reince Preibus.
.@rickklein: You told Priebus directly that he's a paranoid schizophrenic?
Scaramucci: "I did tell him that...he knows I feel that way" pic.twitter.com/PPVDRl69Fn — This Week (@ThisWeekABC) August 13, 2017
He said he believed that the call was "off the record" and that it was "a very deceitful thing" for Lizza to record the call.
But he added that he wanted to take accountability for his actions and that what he did "was wrong."
Scaramucci acknowledged that he did not specifically ask for the conversation to be off the record. Federal law permits recording phone conversations if one party consents to the taping, and in Scaramucci's case, that person would be Lizza. While some states places require both parties to consent to being recorded, Washington, D.C., where Lizza received the call, does not.
Scaramucci said that he spoke with the president "this week" and that the two "had a very candid conversation."
"Listen, there's probably mutual disappointment on both sides. Again, I have to be accountable for what I did and I am," he said.
Asked whether he believed he deserved to be fired, he said, "Obviously, I wished they would've given me a bar of soap and told me to wash my mouth out in the bathroom and move on."
FAIRBORN — Wright State University community members are invited to shape the university's future through a new strategic planning process that the university hopes will become part of the leadership culture.
The strategic planning process is intended to start an ongoing dialogue among members of the campus community that encourages a continuous reflection and revision of the community's hopes and priorities.
“Strategic planning includes specific plans, but really, it is an ongoing, continuous effort. A good strategic planning process allows for adaptation and revision. It is not static,” said David Bright, co-chair of the Strategic Planning Steering Committee and chair of the Department of Management and International Business.
Wright State President Cheryl B. Schrader said the conversations that will take place during the planning process offer community members a chance to engage with others across the university in meaningful ways.
“We will use the process to reconnect to each other across the university and to connect as well with the community,” she said.
The planning process that will be used to gather community input and develop the strategic plan is critical to Wright State as the university looks to the future.
“In the process of creating this strategy, we hope to nurture and strengthen the social infrastructure of the institution so that we have the social capital ready to execute the strategies in the plan,” Bright said.
Schrader announced that 33 Wright State employees, students and alumni as well as Dayton community leaders have agreed to serve on the Strategic Planning Steering Committee.
The committee members will guide the strategic planning process as the university develops a new strategic plan, The Wright Path 2025: Pride, Transformation, Potential.
The committee will guide the university's efforts to include a wide range of perspectives from the Wright State family and the broader community. The steering committee is co-chaired by Bright, Schrader and Michael Wiehe, director of the Applied Policy Research Institute at Wright State.
The strategic planning process will guide Wright State into the future by creating a vision and focus that directly aligns resources with the community's values, strengths and the strategy built around them.
The planning process will first lead to an updated vision, mission and values statement for Wright State, a strategic plan that is directly aligned with university resources, and metrics that can measure the outcomes of those strategies. It will guide decisions at the university on a day-to-day basis.
“We will come up with a plan that's implementable, accountable and transformative,” Wiehe said.
The goal is to deliver a strategic plan to the Board of Trustees by October 2018 for its approval.
Wright State will use a dialogic-based process, or one that involves many conversations, and uses the collective wisdom of the Wright State community, Bright said.
“We will use a process that maximizes opportunities so that every voice can be heard,” he said “We need to listen carefully and trust one another.”
The strategic planning process will include dozens of public forums, focus groups, and workshops throughout the spring, summer, and fall semesters at the Dayton and Lake Campuses. The committee aims to gather input from thousands — including faculty, students, students, retirees, alumni and community stakeholders — to help determine the future of Wright State.
“There will be plenty of opportunities for people beyond the steering committee to be involved in the planning process,” Schrader said.
The first phase of the planning process will focus on gathering community input to develop an updated vision, mission and values statement for Wright State. The statement should reflect a compelling perspective about the core identity of Wright State and its future.
Using a process called Appreciative Inquiry, the committee will ask community members to share moments of success and positive stories of their experiences with Wright State. The committee will also seek to learn what people think are the university's strengths and the value Wright State provides to constituents and the community.
Numerous forums will take place in different locations at both the Dayton and Lake Campus, on different days of the week and at different times of day to maximize participation.
“There will be numerous opportunities for community members to participate and give feedback,” Wiehe said.
In April, the committee will host an event to unveil to the community the updated vision, mission and values statement and a draft strategy statement.
From May through September, the committee will use what it learns during the spring semester to further develop strategy statements, priorities and goals, as well as metrics to measure the effectiveness of the strategies.
The planning process will be continuous and will put Wright State in a position to thrive in higher education's changing environment, help the university achieve financial sustainability, and foster a campus atmosphere that provides our graduates with opportunities to excel in fields that define the future.
The steering committee will kick off its public activity on Friday, Feb. 2, with a community dialogue in James F. Dicke Hall at the Wright State Lake Campus. The event will take place from 10 a.m. to noon and will focus on Wright State's mission and purpose from the Lake Campus perspective. Participants are asked to register online.
Individuals can stay up to date with the planning process by visiting wright.edu/strategicplan.
Vice President Mike Pence has condemned the violence in Charlottesville, Virginia and is defending President Trump's statement in which he held “many sides” responsible. He also slammed the media for focusing more on the President's response than on the actual people behind the violence.
Pence said, “We will not tolerate hatred and violence of groups like white supremacists, the KKK and neo-Nazis. These extremist fringe groups have no place in the American debate.” When asked about President Trump's statement, which many believed fell short of condemning these groups, Pence took aim at the media saying, “I take issue with the fact that many in the national media spent more time criticizing the president's words than they did criticize those that perpetuated the violence to begin with.” He added that Trump “stated clearly that he condemns hate and violence in all of its forms.” (NBC News)
Fasho Thoughts:
After Trump's initial reaction, the White House issued a statement condemning the extremist groups.
We're probably all going to die
By Rebecca Peterson, Humour Editor
Back in January, the Other Press reported on the first week of the new Cold War, and found that things seemed to be going relatively okay. However, things have rapidly gone downhill since then, and an entirely new verdict is in.
“We're definitely fucked,” said local shopkeeper and first Cold War veteran Sol Serviver.
Since the Other Press's last report on the matter, the new White House administration—under the guidance of a fascist orange toddler and his flying howler monkeys of bigotry—have been systematically destroying every check and balance set in their path preventing nuclear annihilation.
“If you can imagine a rolling snowball of horseshit and terror gaining speed, size, and momentum, plummeting down a mountainside towards that big red button everyone talks about, while the judicial system and the few politicians whose spines are still intact keep throwing themselves in front of it to slow it down, that's kind of where we're at right now,” continued Serviver. The Other Press caught up with the veteran as he stocked the pantry of his new fallout shelter, a product of the newly-prosperous Bomb Shelters R Us store. “Meanwhile, there are so many fucking strings attached to it—like, if Trump made a deal with Russia that he can't deliver on because his lackeys keep getting fired for being in bed with Russia, sometimes literally, we're fucked. If North Korea keeps up with the shit they're pulling right now and Trump keeps ignoring them and provoking them by turns, we're fucked. If America tears itself apart due to civil war breaking out—actually, that's sort of a best-case scenario to be honest. But still, someone's going to be at that red button eventually, and we're still fucked. That's not even touching the bogeyman in the closet that's Daesh…”
The Other Press found Douglas students Katja Scavenger and Ian Crimson once again for their thoughts on the matter.
“I think I'm too emotionally and mentally worn out to care too much at this point,” said Scavenger. “I mean, for one thing, I've got finals coming up so it already feels like the end of the world. But I think there's a reason why our generation is kind of renowned for fatalistic humour and general nihilism. We know it's more of a case of ‘when' than ‘if,' you know? No point breaking our brains over it. Hey, do you happen to know anything about enumerative induction, by chance?”
“I think I remember saying that things weren't super dark last time we spoke? Yeah, screw that, it's all looking pretty damn bleak right now,” said Crimson. “I don't know; I try to stay optimistic. Like, hopefully Canada makes it through the whole ‘nuclear annihilation' thing, but I've got my bomb shelter ready either way.”
Facebook announced changes to its content review policy Tuesday, adding an appeals process for removed content and releasing the internal guidelines it relies on to make content determinations.
While the social media giant has listed a set of publicly available community standards for several years, the latest update includes the more detailed guidelines utilized internally by content reviewers when deciding whether to allow or remove posts.
The updated appeals process will allow posters of removed photos, videos or posts to contest detterminations they feel were wrongly made. Previously, appeals of community standards determinations were only allowed when a Facebook page, group or profile was removed entirely.
Facebook has been hesitant to reveal details of its content review policy in the past. But the company says Tuesday's announcement is part of its promise to "do better" and be more transparent about how it decides what stays up and what gets taken down. The changes come just weeks after CEO Mark Zuckerberg was grilled on Capitol Hill about Facebook's alleged censorship of conservative viewpoints.
Zuckerberg was asked by multiple lawmakers during his marathon testimony about "Diamond and Silk," two pro-Trump commentators who claim Facebook intentionally limited their presence on the site because of their political views. Zuckerberg apologized, calling the situation an "enforcement error" on Facebook's part, but the controversy raised questions about what type of content Facebook restricts and how it makes those decisions. Diamond and Silk are themselves set to testify before Congress later this week.
Granular standards
The newly released standards are a stark departure from Facebook's prior guidance, which had been crafted to express the company's values and priorities in a way that did not overwhelm readers.
"We've always had a set of community standards that the public can see," Facebook Vice President Monika Bickert told NPR's Steve Inskeep, "but now we're actually explaining how we define those terms for our review teams and how we enforce those policies."
Those new explanations are nothing if not comprehensive. They detail dozens of reasons posts can be removed, and read more like the product of a team of lawyers than the words of an upstart tech company. The standards outline methods for categorizing content and provide specific definitions for terms like "hate speech," "terrorism," and "threats of violence."
"People define those things in different ways," Bickert said, "and people who are using Facebook want to know how we define it and I think that's fair."
Some objectionable content is classified into tiers, with Facebook's response matching the severity of the violation. Other content is removed if it satisfies multiple conditions in a point-like system. A threat of violence, for example, can be deemed "credible" and removed if it provides a target and "two or more of the following: location, timing, method."
Still other standards target particular categories of offensive posts. Content that "promotes, encourages, coordinates, or provides instructions" for eating disorders or self harm are specifically mentioned. And under its "harassment" section, Facebook says it will not tolerate claims that survivors of traumatic events are "paid or employed to mislead people about their role in the event." Other standards prohibit advertising drugs, revealing the identities of undercover law enforcement officers, and depicting graphic violence.
Context matters
When it comes to judging content, though, context is crucial. Facebook has been criticized in the past for its blundering approach to community moderation. In 2016, for example, the company reversed its decision to remove a post containing the Pulitzer-winning "napalm girl" photo, which depicted a nude and burned child in the Vietnam War.
Bickert says that example proves that exceptions are needed for newsworthy and culturally significant content.
Facebook's updated standards now list some exceptions for depictions of adult nudity, including "acts of protests," "breast-feeding," and "post-mastectomy scarring."
Still, questions remain over Facebook's content moderation program. Despite Zuckerberg's stated desire to utilize artificial intelligence to flag offensive content, the process remains very human. According to Bickert, the company has over 7,500 moderators who are stationed around the globe and work 24/7.
But conversations with those moderators paint a much bleaker image of Facebook's processes than the one Bickert provides. In 2016, NPR's Aarti Shahani detailed a workforce comprised primarily of subcontractors who are stationed in distant countries and asked to review large quantities of posts every shift.
It's not hard to imagine how someone located thousands of miles away, who grew up in a different culture, and who is under immense pressure to review as many posts as possible, might mess up.
The appeal of appeals
Facebook is seeking to address that problem with its new appeals system. Now, if your post is removed for "nudity, sexual activity, hate speech, or violence" you will be presented with a chance to request a review.
Facebook promises that appeals will be reviewed within 24 hours by its Community Operations team. But it remains unclear what relationship the team has with Facebook and with its first-line reviewers. If appeals are reviewed under the same conditions that initial content decisions are made, the process may be nothing more than an empty gesture.
Facebook points out that the content review and appeals process is just one way to clean up your experience on the site. Users have the ability to unilaterally block, unfollow, or hide posts or posters they don't want to see.
For the social media giant, it's a question of balance. Balance between free speech and user safety. Balance between curbing "fake news" and encouraging open political discourse. And balance between Facebook's obligation to serve as a steward of a welcoming environment and the realities of running a for-profit, publicly owned corporation.
"We do try to allow as much speech as possible," Bickert said, "and we know sometimes that might make people uncomfortable."
Facebook says that Tuesday's announcements are just one step in a continuous process of improvement and adjustment to its standards and policies. How much of an improvement this step represents remains to be seen.
Image copyright Eddie Mitchell Image caption Mr Browning allegedly told a Samaritans volunteer: "I've done something really bad."
A man phoned the Samaritans and told a volunteer he had "stabbed somebody" on the night he allegedly murdered his boss, a court has heard.
David Browning, 51, of Willow Drive, Seaford, admits killing 46-year-old Jillian Howell but denies murder.
University of Brighton payroll boss Ms Howell was found stabbed at her home in Sandgate Road in October.
The Samaritans volunteer who took the call said Mr Browning sounded coherent and engaging, but "quite shocked".
Hove Crown Court heard Mr Browning, a married father-of-two, had gone to Ms Howell's house for dinner on 25 October.
Jurors were told when he made the call in the early hours of 26 October, he said: "I've done something really bad."
The Samaritans volunteer, who used the pseudonym Barbara Smith in court, said: "He told me he'd stabbed somebody."
She added: "He'd said it was his boss. It was a woman."
Image copyright Sussex Police Image caption Jillian Howell worked in the payroll department at the University of Brighton
The court heard he told Ms Smith he was still in the house but did not want to look at Ms Howell and "hadn't gone with the intention of stabbing her".
She said: "He was very coherent, very engaging, he sounded quite shocked."
Ms Smith said at the end of the phone call he told her: "I'm going to decide now whether to shoot myself or hand myself in."
Prosecuting, Alan Gardner said phone mast records indicated he was at the house at 19:35 BST and remained there or nearby until 04:00.
He said at about 04:30 a temporary profile image was uploaded to Mr Browning's Facebook page which said: "Stand up to bullies...then kill them."
Mr Gardner said at 06:08 the defendant called police from outside Brighton police station and was arrested by officers who seized a shotgun and a knife.
The trial continues.
Find out what would happen if you were trapped in your own nightmares and unable to wake up as Outbreak returns to M&D's.
Night Terror is a totally immersive, frightening, live action, horror experience that takes you on a journey through your deepest, darkest nightmares and poses the question #whatareyouafraidof?
It runs every Friday, Saturday and Sunday from September 29 through to October 29 and Thursdays October 19 and 26, finishing on Hallowe'en (Tuesday, October 31).
The theme park is also launching Darktober, giving fear-followers the chance to go on five of the park's rides in the dark as part of the Night Terror experience.
Matthew Taylor, managing director of M&D's, said: “For the past three years Outbreak at M&D's has delivered a spectacular zombie experience which evolved each year.
“This year, it focuses on a brand new scary narrative that explores what would happen if you were trapped in your own nightmares, unable to wake up.
“We are confident that Night Terror is set to be the most terrifying in the Outbreak series and we are very proud of the experience we have produced for our customers this year.
“We would like to invite anyone brave enough to find out just what they are afraid of.”
Night Terror costs from £8 per person and Darktober can be added for only an additional £6 per person or purchased on its own for £10.
For more information about opening times and to buy tickets look online or call 01698 333777.
Sentinel Security renews sponsorship of RHTY&SC's Gaskin Award Programme
For the fifth consecutive year, Sentinel Security Ltd of Lamaha Street, Georgetown would be sponsoring the Annual Gregory Gaskin Memorial Berbice Sports award Programme of the Rose Hall Town Youth and Sports Club, M.S. The award ceremony would be hosted on Friday 21st of July at the Club's Head Office and a total of three outstanding Berbicians and one organisation would be honoured for their outstanding performances in sports during 2016. Another Awardee would also be honoured for lifetime achievement in sports.
Secretary/CEO of the RHTY&SC, Hilbert Foster stated that Sentinel CEO Noreen Gaskin has been sponsoring the prestigious Award programme in memory of her late husband Gregory Gaskin, Founder of COPS Security and passionate follower of sports.
Under the sponsorship, the awards shared out are Berbice Sportsman of the Year, Berbice Sportswoman of the Year, Berbice Sport Personality of the Year and Berbice Sports Organisation of the Year. The Awardees are selected by a panel of judges headed by veteran Television News Editor Gregory Rambarran after careful consideration of awardees submitted by members of the general public and sports organisations.
Foster stated that the main objectives of the programme apart from honouring the late Gregory Gaskin are to honour heroes of sports in Berbice, to identify role models for youths to emulate and to inspire others to follow in the awardee's footsteps. The Berbice Sports Award is one of the RHTY&SC twelve Award Programmes and each of the Awardees would receive a Trophy, Medal, Framed Certificate of Excellence and a collection of gifts.
Past Awardees of the programme have included Veerasammy Permaul, Shemaine Campbelle, Carol Humphrey, Neil Humphrey, Randolph Roberts, Berbice Cricket Board, Levi Nedd and the Berbice Volleyball Association. Foster expressed gratitude to Sentinel Security for its continued confidence in the RHTY&SC and hailed the company as a true friend of Guyana's leading youth and sports organisation. Sentinel Security also donated a set of bicycles to the RHTY&SC which would be shared out to less fortunate students as part of the Patron's Cricket tournament on the 8th of July.
Sentinel CEO Noreen Gaskin stated that she was delighted to renew the sponsorship package as she enjoyed working with the dynamic Club over the years. She stated that her late husband was a passionate believer in sports and the benefits associated with it for youths. She encouraged the RHTY&SC, M.S to upkeep its high standards and pledged her support in the future.
Nicole Brown Simpson's family kept a low profile Thursday — except for her incensed sister, who ripped into The Juice for having the audacity to say before a Nevada parole board that he'd lived a “conflict-free life.”
“I'm like, really, you beat my sister, regardless of . . . murdering her and Ron [Goldman],” Tanya Brown told TMZ. “The fact is that my sister has diary entries dating back to, what, 1978 about abuse that was inflicted.”
Before being granted his freedom by the four-person Nevada parole board, Simpson insisted at an hour-plus hearing that he'd been “pretty good with people” and lived a “conflict-free life.”
Earlier in the day, Brown said she's been able to cope with Simpson getting out on parole by reminding herself that the two cases — the murders and Simpson's 2008-armed robbery conviction — are separate.
“In order for me not to get mad or get depressed or get anxious, that's the mindset that I have to have — that this is the law,” Brown told Fox News while awaiting the parole board's decision. “It is what it is. I can't control things that I can't change. My only option is to just accept it.”
Goldman's family remained mum after Simpson was granted parole — but it was the unsettling verdict they knew was coming.
“We lived our life with [Simpson] walking the streets and sharing the same roads that we did,” Goldman's sister, Kim, told ABC News not long before the parole board granted Simpson's release. “With him being locked up in Lovelock [penitentiary], it's been a chance for us to kind of reclaim some control over our life and have some glimpse of sanity.
“I'm preparing myself for that to be changing come October,” when he's released.
Her father, Fred, was particularly disturbed that Simpson would get a second chance at life — while his son, a restaurant waiter who was found brutally stabbed to death at age 25, never will.
“Ron never gets to spend his life doing what he wanted to do,” the dad said before the decision. “We'll never get to share his life, and the killer will walk free and get to do whatever he wants.”
Goldman and pal Brown Simpson were found savagely knifed to death on June 12, 1994, outside her Brentwood, Calif., home. Simpson was charged with their murders but acquitted at trial a year later.
He eventually was found liable for their deaths at a civil trial and ordered to pay a $33.5 million judgment to their families.
Simpson's defense attorney Malcolm LaVergne seemingly alluded to the murders Thursday, in a reference to “the elephant in the room.”
When asked if there were any surprises at the parole hearing, the cocky lawyer said he'd spent less than an hour prepping for the big day, although he was glad one wrinkle hadn't “reared its head.”
“The biggest part of the hearing for me was figuring out how to keep the 10,000-pound elephant out of the room,” LaVergne said. “We were very successful in making sure that elephant was sleeping, that it was washed and very clean and that it never started rearing its head or knocking things around,” he said.
When asked to clarify whether “elephant” meant “double homicide,” he smirked. “No, no, I wasn't referencing to that at all,” the lawyer chuckled sarcastically. “You know exactly what I'm talking about.”
Meanwhile, former LA prosecutor Chris Darden said the parole board's verdict “is what it is.”
“I'm not bothered by it. It's not my case,” said Darden, a key prosecutor at Simpson's 1995 murder trial. “This case is not the case of a double murder in Los Angeles.”
But before the parole board members cast their votes, Darden went off on Simpson.
“Well, I've got to tell you I'm a little heated,” he said. “You know, it's not just the parole hearing of the century, it's sort of the hashtag BS session of the century, too.”
When asked if he had opposed Simpson's parole, Darden said that wasn't his call.
“I can't spend my life worrying about O.J.'s whereabouts, as long as he isn't standing behind me with a butcher knife,” he added.
Following the decision, Simpson's sister, Shirley Baker, and his eldest daughter, Arnelle Simpson, walked out to a podium in the middle of the prison parking lot.
Wearing sunglasses and giant hats, they refused to speak.
“What does every family look forward to after their loved one is released?” LaVergne asked when asked how the Simpsons would be celebrating.
“They love him for his flaws, warts and all. This is a man who has been there for them, taken care of their needs, taking care of every single thing you could think about.”
Additional reporting by Danika Fears
WASHINGTON — Organic matter has been found on Mars in soil samples taken from 3 billion-year-old mudstone in the Gale crater by the Curiosity rover, NASA announced Thursday.
The rover has also detected methane in the Martian atmosphere.
The search for life outside Earth focuses on the building blocks of life as we know it, which includes organic compounds and molecules — although these can exist without life. Organic matter can be one of several things: a record detailing ancient life, a food source for life or something that exists in the place of life.
No matter its purpose, these work as “chemical clues” for researchers about Mars.
Methane is considered the simplest organic molecule. It's present in other places in our solar system that could host life, like Saturn and Jupiter's moons Enceladus, Europa and Titan. And if life does exist elsewhere, it may be very different or even form differently from how we understand life on Earth.
The new findings are also detailed in two studies published Thursday in the journal Science. Together, the researchers believe these findings to be “breakthroughs in astrobiology.”
“We have greatly expanded our search for organic compounds, which is fundamental in the search for life,” said Paul Mahaffy, study author and director of the Solar System Exploration Division at NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center.
The two studies build on and advance smaller detections of atmospheric methane and ancient organic compounds on Mars. Those detections either caused debate or lacked the context for understanding, the researchers said.
But Curiosity's data are providing a clearer and more conclusive picture of the conditions and processes on Mars — and what it may have been like on the Red Planet billions of years ago, when conditions were more suitable for life.
“With these new findings, Mars is telling us to stay the course and keep searching for evidence of life,” said Thomas Zurbuchen, associate administrator for the Science Mission Directorate at NASA Headquarters. “I'm confident that our ongoing and planned missions will unlock even more breathtaking discoveries on the Red Planet.”
Finding clues beneath the surface
We've been exploring the surface of Mars in hopes of understanding the Red Planet since NASA's Viking mission in the 1970s. The Viking Project was the first US mission to safely land spacecraft on the Martian surface, as well as send back images.
And although hopes were high that the two landers and their instruments would detect signs of life or organic compounds in samples taken from the surface, that didn't happen.
Decades later, Viking helped inspire the instruments on today's Martian rovers. And Curiosity dug a little deeper beneath the surface, which is blasted with radiation, to see what stories the soil had to tell.
Curiosity sampled sites by drilling five centimeters below the surface in the Gale crater, which is where the rover landed in 2012. The 96-mile crater, named for Australian astronomer Walter F. Gale, was most likely formed by meteor impact between 3.5 to 3.8 billion years ago. It likely held a lake, and now includes a mountain.
The rover was able to heat the samples to between 932 and 1508 degrees Fahrenheit and study the organic molecules released through gas analysis. The organic molecules and volatiles, comparable to samples of sedimentary rock rich in organics on Earth, included thiopene, methylthiophenes methanethiol and dimethylsulfide.
They don't exactly roll off the tongue, but researchers believe that these are fragments of larger molecules that were present on Mars billions of years ago. And the high amount of sulfur in the samples is most likely how they've lasted so long, the researchers said. Drilling beneath the surface, rather than sampling what was on top like Viking did, also helped.
Potential contaminants were analyzed and accounted for, so the results are the most conclusive yet.
“The Martian surface is exposed to radiation from space,” said Jen Eigenbrode, a study author and research scientist at the Goddard Space Flight Center. “Both radiation and harsh chemicals break down organic matter. Finding ancient organic molecules in the top 5 centimeters of rock that was deposited when Mars may have been habitable bodes well for us to learn the story of organic molecules on Mars with future missions that will drill deeper.”
Methane in the air
Over five years, Curiosity has used its Tunable Laser Spectrometer to measure methane in the atmosphere at the Gale crater. Before, researchers couldn't understand why the little bit of methane detected in the Martian atmosphere varied. With five years of data from a single location, they now have answers.
There is a seasonal variation to the methane that repeats, which means the methane is being released from the Martian surface or from reservoirs beneath the surface. The methane could even be trapped in water-based crystals beneath the surface.
Methane is a strong greenhouse gas, and it could have supported a climate that sustained lakes on Mars. That could even be happening beneath the surface now, the researchers said. The release of methane is an active process on Mars, which could suggest new things about what's unfolding on the Red Planet.
Detecting this organic molecule in the atmosphere, combined with the finding of organic compounds in the soil, has strong implications about potential life on Mars in its past.
The Gale Crater was probably habitable 3.5 billion years ago, based on what Curiosity has shown us. Then, the conditions would have been comparable to Earth. This is also when life was evolving on our own planet.
Knowing that these molecules and compounds were present, then, gives new strength to the idea that life originated or existed on Mars and that more work by the Martian rovers can uncover the past.
NASA's InSight Lander, launched on May 5, will land on Mars on November 26. Its two-year mission will explore Mars to see if it's “geologically alive,” or active below the surface. For example, scientists want to know if it has “Mars quakes.” And the Mars 2020 rover, which is expected to launch July 2020, may be able to assist with one day retrieving soil samples from Mars.
“Are there signs of life on Mars?” asked Michael Meyer, lead scientist for the Mars Exploration Program at NASA Headquarters. “We don't know, but these results tell us we are on the right track.”
San Diego-based BAE System's new dry dock, called the Pride of California, was unveiled on Feb. 11.
BAE Systems Ship Repair in Barrio Logan dedicated its new dry dock and revealed its name during a ceremony on Feb. 11. The 950-foot floating repair facility will be called the Pride of California.
The facility dramatically increased BAE's ship repair capacity, joining the company's smaller, 568-foot dry dock, called the Pride of San Diego.
BAE Systems, a defense contracting giant based in the United Kingdom, will put its new dry dock to work next week when it will place the USS New Orleans into the facility for $36 million worth of maintenance and repairs. Additional work could bring the value of the deal to $51.6 million. Work will conclude in March 2018. The New Orleans is an amphibious transport dock of the San Antonio class, which carries U.S. Marines and their landing craft.
The new BAE dry dock was manufactured in Qingdao, along China's northern coast, and towed to San Diego, arriving in early December.
Bill Ackman concedes defeat on Herbalife Bill Ackman has finally cried uncle on Herbalife. More than five years after betting $1 billion that nutritional supplements company was a “pyramid scheme” and insisting its shares would go...
Ackman's hedge fund simplifies focus after prolonged losses Following yet another year of losses and a 20 percent drop in assets, Bill Ackman's hedge fund said it is returning to its roots. “We have learned from our mistakes...
Ackman's hedge fund lays off staff, including his driver Hedge fund mogul Bill Ackman is starting the new year with a shiny new MetroCard — and a banged-up staff. Ackman's embattled Pershing Square hedge fund laid off 18 percent...
Judge seems OK with Ackman's $290M Allergan settlement Bill Ackman and Valeant Pharmaceuticals can breathe a sigh of relief — for now. A federal judge in California indicated Tuesday that he would grant preliminary approval to a $290...
Ackman looks to persuade judge $290M Allergan settlement is fair Bill Ackman is going to try and hold onto a little cash on Tuesday. Lawyers for the embattled hedgie will appear before a federal judge in Los Angeles in an...
Ackman's Pershing Square fund to slash management fee Hedgie Bill Ackman on Wednesday ripped a page from a discount retailer's playbook — he put his product on sale. Ackman's Pershing Square fund — after posting losses in each...
Judge has questions for Ackman about proposed settlement Just when he thought he was out, hedgie Bill Ackman is being pulled back into his disastrous Valeant Pharmaceuticals relationship by a California judge. The judge on Tuesday said that...
Ackman pays $194M to settle suit with 'absolutely no merit' Bill Ackman said he's shelling out $194 million to settle a three-year-old lawsuit — even as he insisted the case against him has “absolutely no merit.” The billionaire investor revealed...
Bill Ackman has another turnaround on his plate at Chipotle Bill Ackman just knocked off another CEO at Chipotle, but he still has a big, unfinished turnaround sitting on his plate. The activist investor's hedge fund, Pershing Square Capital, cheered...
“Businesses that suffered economic losses as a result of the disaster and want to apply for low-interest loans from the SBA are urged to do so before the May 2 deadline,” said Frank Skaggs, director of SBA Field Operations Center East.
Low-interest disaster loans are available in Stewart and Sumner counties and the adjacent counties of Benton, Davidson, Henry, Houston, Macon, Montgomery, Robertson, Trousdale and Wilson in Tennessee and Allen, Calloway, Christian, Simpson and Trigg counties in Kentucky.
Working capital disaster loans up to $2 million are available at 4 percent for small businesses, and 2.625 percent for private nonprofit organizations with terms up to 30 years.
The loans are intended to pay fixed debts, payroll, accounts payable, and other expenses that could have been paid had the disaster not occurred.
To be considered for this assistance, eligible entities need to apply by the deadline.
Survivors may apply online using the Electronic Loan Application via SBA's secure website at disasterloan.sba.gov/ela.
Businesses may also obtain information and loan applications by calling the SBA's customer service center at 800-659-2955 or by emailing disastercustomerservice@sba.gov. Loan applications can also be downloaded atsba.gov/disaster.
Completed applications should be returned to the center or mailed to: U.S. Small Business Administration, Processing and Disbursement Center, 14925 Kingsport Road, Fort Worth, TX 76155.
The deadline to return economic injury applications is May 2.
Intro
Bolivia vs Brazil
1st Half
If video player not appears in mobile devices. Scroll down to bottom and click "Classic version"
Capital flight in progress; recession could come
Dear Editor,
Since the Granger administration came to office, their economic policies have led to the systematic weakening of the system of respect for private property. The foreign exchange control regime just imposed on the licensed non-bank cambios is just the latest example of this disrespect. This will result in two things; a greater portion of the foreign currency trade going underground and the return of the parallel foreign exchange rate.
The next move expected from Team Jordan is price controls as foreign investments and the net foreign reserves in the Treasury further dry up.
The table above illustrates two things; one a clear case of currency devaluation and two a thread that illustrates all the conditions to deplete the net foreign reserves available to the banking system. Over a 25 months period to December 2016, the selling rate of the US dollar at the non-bank cambios was between G$208 – G$210 to US$1. However, the poor sales performance in the trading sector at Christmas 2016, the creeping loss of confidence in the management of the economy and the rejection of the policies of the Granger administration by the rice and sugar belt collectively have caused the exchange rate to tank within 30 days to G$215 to US$1 at the end of January 2017.
Hard-won confidence in the currency market built up since 1990 under Hoyte and continued under all of the post-1992 PPP governments, is today being undermined by a variety of reckless public policies, causing a poor opening to 2017. The buck for this economic tragedy stops somewhere, if not at the Minister's desk, then, the political responsibility rests with President Granger.
We analyst watch for trends and it is very clear to me after engaging in discussion with some private sector personalities that investors are concerned that the authorities have run out of options. I now have to ask myself daily whether things are worse than I thought, and if this loss of confidence could tip into a recession after two Christmas seasons of unsatisfactory trading activities.
The eye of this foreign currency market storm remains the stock of the foreign reserves available to the banking system. As the graph above illustrates, from a period of relative stability between December 2014 and June 2015, with a net foreign reserve generally around US$940M, it took a US$85M dive for the worst between May-December 2015. However, because of the praiseworthy amounts of foreign inflows from the rice and sugar sectors in 2015 as a result of the creditable production of 687,784 tonnes and 231,145 tonnes respectively, the net stock of foreign reserves recovered by June 2016 as a result of the lag between production and actual inflows.
However, by then, the management of the rice and sugar industry had tipped for the worst with an approach by the incompetents running these industries totally devoid of innovation. To compound this high tech level of incompetence at the highest levels of GRDB and Guysuco, one also had to observe a very hostile attitude by the Minister of Agriculture towards the actual wealth creators in these two sectors.
To understand the gravity of the situation, one only has to be reminded of the subject matter around the non-payment of the legally due API to the sugar workers and the comments of senior functionaries in the Granger administration that gave power to this reprehensible statement “payment to rice farmers was a private issue”.
These are just two of the anti-progressive policy actions emanating from the powerful people in the Granger administration since 2015 and the end product only had one outcome. Both rice and sugar production plummeted in 2016 to 599,990 tonnes and 183,615 tonnes respectively driving a US$60M loss on the foreign reserves since June 2016.
This shortage of foreign currency compounded by an increase in demand to fund the capital flight in progress is nothing but an economic Molotov cocktail. The economist will tell you that in such a situation the exchange rate will increase and the hardship on the local consumers will multiply as the cost of essential imported products on the shelf increases by more than the expansion in basic wages. In the final analysis, all of Guyana's current economic problems are management related.
The people have every right to react to the policy paralysis emanating from the Office of the Minister of Finance and the Granger administration on this issue as many other issues that directly affect their pockets. These intellectually bankrupt strategies of tax and spend rather than empower and incentivize to grow the economy continues to bring great harm to the economy and the buck stops at the President's desk.
Sase Singh
On Dec. 9, Mark Dammann experienced a cardiac arrest while driving a semi and drove into the west ditch of Interstate 29 south of Fargo. Adam Seyfried, of Fargo, and Noah Nelson, of Page, stopped on the scene, removed the driver from the vehicle and began CPR.
A short time later, Trooper Anthony DeJean arrived on the scene and used an automated external defibrillator on the driver. The driver was revived and transported to a hospital where he made a full recovery.
Seyfried and Nelson received the awards alongside Stephanie Sorenson, who received the F-M Ambulance Lifesaving Award for calling 911.
This is the world's best city for an awesome night out If you're looking for a night to remember on your next trip, steer clear of London and New York. Hamburg has been voted the best city in the world for...
Man tries — and fails — to open beer bottle with pepper spray BERLIN — It's legal to drink beer in German movie theaters — but it's probably not a good idea to try to open your beer bottle with a pepper spray...
School builds $67K fence to protect students from 'filthy' prostitutes A Berlin school reportedly has built a 400-foot-long, $67,000 fence to protect its students from an unusual threat: groups of “filthy” prostitutes. Officials at Französisches Gymnasium high school, which lies...
Drunk American punched for giving Nazi salute in Germany BERLIN — Police say a drunken American man was punched by a passer-by as he gave the stiff-armed Nazi salute multiple times in downtown Dresden. Dresden police said Sunday the...
2 suspects arrested in heist of massive gold coin BERLIN — German special police units raided several homes in Berlin early Wednesday in connection with the brazen heist of a 221-pound gold coin stolen from one of the city's...
Jewish teen claims Muslim classmates threatened to kill him A Jewish teenager from Britain says he feared for his life at a top Berlin school because of violent bullying by Muslim classmates. “I was terrified and just went to...
Obama gets rock-star welcome in Berlin Former President Obama, who received a rock-star welcome in Germany during an appearance with Chancellor Angela Merkel, urged world leaders not to give into isolationism, saying “we can't hide behind...
Remains of 21 Soviet Red Army soldiers found in Germany BERLIN — Seventy-two years after the end of World War II, a construction crew has found the remains of at least 21 Soviet Red Army soldiers in eastern Germany. The...
Rosa Parks' Detroit home is now in Berlin BERLIN — Behind a metal gate in Berlin, in a small courtyard nestled between a residential building and a car park, stands a piece of American history. The Detroit home...
Colon cancer signs can include persistent cramps and changes in bowel habits, along with bloody stools.
Photo: champja, Getty Images/iStockphoto
Most people should start screening tests for colon and rectal cancers at age 45, rather than waiting for age 50, as long recommended, the American Cancer Society said Wednesday.
The group said the initial test does not have to be a colonoscopy, a procedure that typically requires a day off from work and an often-unpleasant bowel cleansing routine. Instead, it could be one of several other tests, including home stool tests available by prescription.
Other expert groups still recommend starting at age 50. That's the stance of the influential U.S. Preventive Services Task Force, which last reviewed the issue in 2016.
But the shift by the cancer society is based on new information about the rise in colon and rectal cancer among younger adults, said Andrew Wolf, an associate professor of medicine at the University of Virginia. He led the group writing the new recommendations.
Colon and rectal cancers have increased 51 percent among adults under age 50 since 1994, the cancer society said.
“We don't know why it's going on,” Wolf said, noting that suspects include obesity and poor diet. “But it's increasingly clear that it is happening.”
OBESITY: Linked to 12 types of cancer
DIET: Bacon, alcohol linked to colon and other cancers
Meanwhile, cases and deaths have fallen in older adults, at least partly because of screening, which can lead to the detection and removal of polyps before they become cancerous.
Most of the nation's 140,000 annual cases and 50,000 deaths from colon and rectal cancer still occur among people over age 55. But the share of cases involving younger adults has risen to 29 percent for rectal cancer and 17 percent for colon cancer, a recent study showed.
While few trials have looked at screening 45-year-olds, new statistical models reviewed by the cancer society showed that the younger group should benefit nearly as much as slightly older adults do, Wolf said. But because the evidence is not as strong, the society said its recommendation for screening at 45 was “qualified.”
That means that “we hope that doctors will look at this and at least start discussions of colorectal cancer screening with their 45-year-old patients,” Wolf said.
It could be a complicated discussion. Not only do major groups now differ on starting ages, they also differ on how strongly they recommend various tests.
A group representing three professional societies of gastroenterologists said in 2017 that African Americans should start screening at 45, because they are at increased risk, but that others should wait until age 50. It also said the best tests are colonoscopies every 10 years or a test called FIT (fecal immunochemical testing) to check for blood in the stool every year.
The group gave lower rankings to other screening strategies, including CT scans every five years or a stool test that checks for both blood and DNA changes every three years.
By contrast, the cancer society said the tests are equally acceptable – though worrisome results on any test other than a colonoscopy need to be followed up with a colonoscopy.
“We do know that a lot of folks have distinct preferences when offered a choice,” Wolf said. “The best colorectal screening test is the one that gets done.”
While the overall costs and benefits of earlier screening remain unclear, the message that screening is important and can come in many forms is crucial, said David Weinberg, chairman of medicine at Fox Chase Cancer Center in Philadelphia.
“The bottom line is that if you regularly participate in colon cancer screening, you have a reduced risk of getting and dying from colon cancer,” said Weinberg, who was not involved in the cancer society guidelines.
The qualified endorsement of screening at age 45 is reasonable and “will lead to a lot of discussion and investigation,” said Douglas Rex, a professor of medicine at Indiana University. He was lead author on the differing recommendations from the gastroenterology groups.
What happens now will be partly up to insurers. Some will not cover testing in younger patients right away, Wolf said. And some will cover stool testing but refuse to cover follow-up colonoscopies for those with abnormal results, he said.
The out-of-pocket cost for a colonoscopy can range from a few hundred dollars to several thousand dollars. A DNA stool test can cost several hundred dollars, but a yearly stool test for blood alone can cost as little as $20, Rex said.
FDA: Plenvu approval could make colonoscopy prep easier
Colonoscopy also carries risks, including bowel perforation and complications from anesthesia. The risks rise with age. That's one reason the cancer society and preventive services task force recommend screening be considered on a case by case basis after age 75 and stopped after age 85.
The new recommendations apply to people at average risk for colon and rectal cancer. Those at higher risk, because of their personal or family history, may be urged to get screening earlier or more often.
PERSONAL: Rebuilding a life after colon cancer battle
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
MOSCOW: Russia is committed to honoring its international obligations, including in relation to missiles, the Kremlin said on Wednesday, responding to reports it had violated a treaty with the United States by deploying a new ground-based missile.
“Russia has been and remains committed to its international commitments, including to the treaty in question,” Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said in a daily telephone briefing.
“Nobody has formally accused Russia of violating the treaty,” he said.
On Tuesday, media reported, citing US officials, that Russia had deployed a ground-launched cruise missile despite US complaints that this violated an arms control treaty banning ground-based US and Russian intermediate-range missiles.
After 50 years in business, most people have had enough.
Not Ron Helwer.
At 85 Helwer can't wait to get to the office in the morning, to start work at Shur-Gro Farm Services in Brandon.
“Friends say, ‘You should be retired.' I say, ‘Well, what's retirement?' They say, ‘Doing what you want to do.' I say, ‘That's what I'm doing.' I enjoy what I'm doing and the people I work with,” Helwer said in a press release for Assiniboine Community College, located in Brandon.
ADVERTISEMENT
On June 14 Assiniboine Community College will present Helwer with an honourary diploma in agribusiness, to recognize his five decades in the agricultural industry.
Helwer and his family own Shur-Gro, Munro Farm Supplies and have a majority ownership of South East Seeds. Helwer is president of all three companies.
“Ron Helwer has been in business for more than 50 years, providing an important service to the farming community and hundreds of high-skilled jobs, many of them filled by Assiniboine grads. We are delighted that Mr. Helwer has agreed to accept this honour,” said Assiniboine Community College president Mark Frison.
Helwer, who started Shur-Gro in 1968, is well known in Manitoba and within agribusiness across Western Canada.
In the late 70s he helped establish the Western Fertilizer and Chemical Dealers Association. He was also a champion of CAAR, the Canadian Association of Agri-Retailers, and is a member of the Manitoba Agricultural Hall of Fame.
This spring Larry Maguire, MP for Brandon-Souris, spoke about Helwer in the House of Commons.
ADVERTISEMENT
“You would be hard pressed to find a farmer that has not dealt with Shur-Gro or one of its partners,” Maguire said. “I cannot say enough about Ron's commitment to farming, to his customers and his community.”
During his June 14 speech to Assiniboine Community College graduates, Helwer will focus on the future, not the past.
“It would be nice if you could get to a level in business where you say, ‘I'm going to stay at that level.' But that doesn't happen in business. My theory is, if we're not going ahead, we're going back. So we need to progress. We need to be forward-thinking and looking for opportunities.”
Previous recipients of honourary diplomas from Assiniboine Community College include Phil Fontaine, former national chief of the Assembly of First Nations, and Jim Treliving, chairman and owner of Boston Pizza.
Contact robert.arnason@producer.com
CNN anchor Anderson Cooper and actress Kathy Griffin had "special guests" as they helped CNN's audience welcome in the New Year.
Cooper and Griffin had puppets of themselves before the live televised audience in Times Square while viewers waited for the ball to drop in New York City.
"I've never felt this way about a puppet before," Cooper joked on camera. Griffin's puppet teased Cooper's puppet about drinking on camera.
"I'm trying to get fired by 9:05 p.m.," Cooper's puppet shot back. Watch a clip from the interaction below courtesy of CNN.
Largo Police(LARGO, Fla.) — After Linus Phillip Jr., 30, was killed by a police officer after he was stopped at a gas station in Largo, Florida, for heavily tinted car windows. Authorities went to the funeral home recently in an effort to use his finger to unlock his phone as part of an investigation, Phillip's family attorney confirmed.
Days before the funeral on April 31, two detectives held the man's hands up to the iPhone's fingerprint sensor in the cold storage at the funeral home but did not successfully unlock it, John Trevena, the family's pro bono attorney told ABC News.
Phillip's family was at the funeral home making arrangements when the detectives showed up.
“So they are allowed to pull him out of the refrigerator and use a dead man's finger to get to his phone. It's disgusting,” Phillip's girlfriend Victoria Armstrong told ABC affiliate WFTS-TV in Tampa Bay, Florida. “We are fighting to find out what happened.”
The Sylvan Abbey Funeral Home, where Phillip's funeral was held, did not immediately respond to ABC News' request for comment.
Lt. Randall Chaney confirmed the incident at the funeral home to the Tampa Bay Times, saying that detectives didn't think they would need a warrant since there's no expectation of privacy after death.
When reached by ABC News, the Largo Police Department declined to provide further information about the case.
“The case is still presently active, however, sometime in the near future the investigation should be concluded and the report will be available for any public records requests,” a spokesperson for the police department said.
On March 23, Largo police officers saw Phillip's vehicle had heavily tinted windows, which violates Florida law, according to a press release that the police department shared with ABC News.
Phillip was driving a rental car and stopped at a Wawa gas station when the officers approached him. Phillip provided police with paperwork showing the car was a rental before an officer asked him why the car smelled like marijuana.
The officers told Phillip they were going to search him, according to the press release. When the officers attempted to lawfully detain Phillip, police said he jumped into the driver's seat and tried to flee.
An officer was hanging onto the car when Phillip allegedly put the car in reverse and accelerated nearby the gas pump, which made the officer fear for his life and fire his weapon, according to the press release.
Phillip was shot four times, killing him.
“It is the conclusion of the State Attorney's Office that the death of Linus Phillip Jr. was the result of having been shot by Officer Matt Steiner in the legal performance of his duty and the shooting was justifiable homicide,” the press release said.
The Largo Police Department reviewed multiple Wawa cameras and said that the footage is “limited” and does not show the encounter between Phillip and the officers.
“Did they really need to kill him to stop him?” said Trevena. “It makes no sense.”
The family of Phillip is demanding that all of the camera footage be released, according to WFTS-TV.
“They killed him after his 30th birthday. Oh god, he turned 30 on March 11,” Martha Hicks, Phillip's mother, told WTFS-TV. “It's too much, too much. We just want to know what happened.”
Phillip had marijuana, crack cocaine, powdered cocaine, hydromorphone pills, and over $1,500 in cash in his pockets at the time, according to the police report.
He did not have a gun in his possession and had a past criminal history, reported WFTS-TV.
Copyright © 2018, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
The Original Harlem Globetrotters are hitting the road soon, ready for action! They'll face off against the World All-Stars on the court at United Supermarkets Arena with the world-famous ball handling wizardry, basketball artistry and one-of-a-kind family entertainment.
New for the 2016-2017 World Tour, the Harlem Globetrotters will compete with the innovative 4-point line, located 30 feet from the basket – 6 feet, 3 inches beyond the top of the NBA's current 3-point line.
As Texas Tech students, faculty and staff, you are invited to to save %25 on select seating now through game day.
To purchase pre-sale tickets online, MAGIC" to enter the site for ticket selection.
IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT THIS OFFER:
*Offer valid on select seats and price levels.
*Valid using offer code 'MAGIC'.
*Cannot be combined with any other offers; additional fees may apply.
*Player rosters in each city will vary and are subject to change.
*Autograph and photograph session subject to availability
For additional information about the Harlem Globetrotters, visit
It's the holiday season and The Harlem Globetrotters wants to share this exclusive offer with its fans!The Original Harlem Globetrotters are hitting the road soon, ready for action! They'll face off against the World All-Stars on the court at United Supermarkets Arena with the world-famous ball handling wizardry, basketball artistry and one-of-a-kind family entertainment.New for the 2016-2017 World Tour, the Harlem Globetrotters will compete with the innovative 4-point line, located 30 feet from the basket – 6 feet, 3 inches beyond the top of the NBA's current 3-point line.As Texas Tech students, faculty and staff, you are invited to to save %25 on select seating now through game day.To purchase pre-sale tickets online, CLICK HERE and enter the pre-sale code "" to enter the site for ticket selection.IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT THIS OFFER:*Offer valid on select seats and price levels.*Valid using offer code 'MAGIC'.*Cannot be combined with any other offers; additional fees may apply.*Player rosters in each city will vary and are subject to change.*Autograph and photograph session subject to availabilityFor additional information about the Harlem Globetrotters, visit www.harlemglobetrotters.com Posted:
12/23/2016
Originator:
Cindy Harper
Email:
CINDY.HARPER@ttu.edu
Department:
United Spirit Arena
Categories
Arts & Entertainment
Photo: Scott Kirkland / PictureGroup / Sipa / USA Today
By Scott T. Sterling
Diplo has a brand-new look, and it's his hottest yet.
Related: Diplo Donates $100k to Vegas Victims' Relief Fund
The notorious DJ took it upon himself to join Kanye West's Yeezy Season 6 promo campaign, sharing his own inimitable take on a recent photo shoot for the collection.
In case you missed it, the shoot features the likes of Paris Hilton, model Amina Blue and adult film actress Lela Star all posing as Kim Kardashian from a series of famous paparazzi photos.
Diplo hopped on social media to share his very unofficial contribution to the campaign, which is quite frankly, flawless.
See the stunning results below.
Don't just take our word for it. Kim Kardashian herself has seen the photos, and she's all about them, sharing her response on Twitter.
A topless Diplo rocking a waist-length blond wig is one very hot Diplo. Here's hoping he holds onto this edgy new style for a while.
An Oceanside man was sentenced to prison Friday for driving an SUV that struck and killed a jogger on a Vista street in June.
Abraham Juarez Perea will spend 7 years, 8 months in prison for the June 2 collision that killed Nanglee Vang.
Perea pleaded guilty to gross vehicular manslaughter and other charges in connection Vang's death.
Perea, 24, lost control of his SUV near South Melrose and Shadowridge drives.
The SUV hopped a curb, plowing into a couple out for a jog.
Nanglee, 40, a beloved stay-at-home father of five, was killed one day shy of his birthday.
According to the victim's family, in those terrifying moments when Perea's SUV was heading for the couple, Nanglee pushed his wife out of the way, taking the deadly brunt of the impact.
Nanglee (l) and Molly Vang (r). While out on a jog in Vista on June 2, the couple was hit by a suspected drunk driver. Nanglee died in the crash.
Photo credit: Family/NBC 7
His wife was seriously hurt in the crash, suffering a broken collarbone, broken ribs, wound to her head and a punctured lung.
The couple has five children, ages 2 to 16.
Perea are driving under the influence of alcohol and speeding at the time of the collision.
Share Article Facebook
Twitter
Email You are free to share this article under the Attribution 4.0 International license. Follow Futurity RSS
Twitter
Facebook
Newsletter
Emphysema is a long-term and devastating lung disease. As it progresses, the body's own inflammatory enzymes slowly digest and destroy alveoli, the delicate sacs where oxygen from air is transferred to the bloodstream.
The damaged alveoli form large holes in lung tissue that impair gas exchange in the rest of the organ, leading to shortness of breath, wheezing, chronic cough, and, eventually, death.
By looking at the disease with engineers' eyes, researchers have gained insight into how it progresses. A new study, published in PLOS Computational Biology, suggests how mechanical forces operating on a microscopic scale could help predict patient survival and quality of life following treatment.
“In the future, you should be able to optimize treatment for a specific patient,” says Béla Suki, professor of biomedical engineering at Boston University. “Very few computational studies have been able to address quality of life.”
Emphysema has no cure, and for many years the last-ditch treatment for the disease was an invasive surgery called lung volume reduction, in which a surgeon opens a patient's chest and removes the diseased, inflamed portions of the lung. The surgery gives the remaining healthy lung tissue room to expand and allows the patient to breathe. But the procedure only works in some people, and the effects vary widely among patients.
In recent years, surgeons have begun using a less-invasive treatment called bronchoscopic lung volume reduction (bLVR). In this outpatient procedure, a bronchoscope is inserted into a patient's diseased lung and releases a sealant, or, alternately, a coiled spring, which collapses the diseased tissue, closing gaps and giving the remaining healthy lung tissue room to expand.
Interest in these treatments has grown recently, as the results of clinical trials like REVOLENS, published in JAMA in 2016, showed significant improvement for some patients six months after surgery. But no research has explained why the procedures work better in some patients than others.
“Even if you quit smoking, emphysema keeps progressing, though at a lower rate.”
“There's been a lot of research, clinical trials. But not much investigation of what's happening at the microscopic scale,” says Jarred Mondoñedo a School of Medicine MD candidate and lead author of the PLOS Computational Biology study. “That's where the direction of this research came from. We said, ‘Let's really find out what's going on.'”
Simple computer program
The new research builds on previously published results from Suki, who had studied the elastic properties of healthy and diseased lung tissue by actually stretching samples in the lab. One of Suki's students found, accidentally, that emphysematous tissue broke under surprisingly low strain. This led Suki to further investigate the mechanical forces at work as emphysema progresses.
“Even if you quit smoking, emphysema keeps progressing, though at a lower rate,” says Suki. “The reason is that when something ruptures in the lung, the tension that element carried is going to be distributed around. The other elements will start to carry a little bit higher force, so they are at a higher risk of failure. And that makes a progressive feedback.”
To better understand this process, the researchers built a simple computer program, called an elastic spring network model, to mimic lungs with emphysema.
“It's not a super complicated model,” says Mondoñedo, who says it represents the connections and tensions between sections of lung tissue as hexagons of interconnected springs. “We can go through and ‘break' the springs, and we get a new configuration that represents the progression of emphysema,” he says.
Mondoñedo and Suki ran the computer model in different ways, allowing the emphysema to progress, then “intervening” with various treatment—such as surgery—at different times, then allowing the model to progress further and quantifying the results.
“In the computer, you can play God,” says Suki. “We just do the surgery in the computer, and then we let it evolve, and now it's easy for us to compare the rate at which things happen.”
They measured a factor called “compliance,” which quantifies the stretchiness of lung tissue. “And we could say that, well, if the compliance reaches such-and-such a value, basically the lung is so much destroyed that the person dies. And then we can predict how long it would take, with or without intervention, and also what your lung function is, how easy it is to breathe.”
Their computer model suggests that bLVR performs as well as, or better than, traditional lung volume reduction surgery, and also suggests a mechanism—force distribution and its relation to lung structure—that explains, for the first time, why this is the case. It also confirms previous findings that the procedures work best for patients who are affected only in specific parts of their lungs, rather than evenly throughout the lung tissue.
The scientists express hope that their model may someday help physicians and patients decide which procedure will work best for each individual.
“If you could take a CT scan of a patient and then somehow fit that data into our network model, you could develop a strategy based on that particular patient, rather than one-size-fits-all,” says Mondoñedo. “In that way I think it could translate into clinics and enhance care.”
Source: Boston University
President Trump condemned the actions of the FBI and Department of Justice as “an American disgrace” in a Saturday morning tweet.
He hit “send” almost simultaneously on two different messages about two of his favorite subjects – the Russia investigation and his poll numbers – as his motorcade rolled toward Trump International Golf Club in West Palm Beach, Fla., where the first family is spending the weekend.
“This memo totally vindicates “Trump” in probe,” Trump posted at 9:40 am, referring to the document issued Friday by Rep Devin Nunes of the House Intelligence Committee.
“But the Russian Witch Hunt goes on and on,” Trump went on. “Their was no Collusion and there was no Obstruction (the word now used because, after one year of looking endlessly and finding NOTHING, collusion is dead). This is an American disgrace!”
Trump has frequently railed against Special Counsel Robert Mueller's probe of Russia's meddling in the 2016 presidential election and the Trump campaign's alleged collusion with the effort. Trump has repeatedly denied that allegation.
Moments before, Trump sent a tweet that trumpeted a new approval poll and took a dig at the news media.
“Rasmussen just announced that my approval rating jumped to 49%, a far better number than I had in winning the Election, and higher than certain ‘sacred cows,'” he wrote. “Other Trump polls are way up also. So why does the media refuse to write this? Oh well, someday!”
In President Trump's world, Russia's out and China's in. But despite early benefits, he should beware of getting too chummy with his new BFF — Beijing's Xi Jinping.
Trump's switcheroo (he's no longer pro-Russia and anti-China, as he was on the campaign trail) is showing some early signs of success on the Korean Peninsula: Ever so slightly, Beijing's shifting away from its unconditional defense of the Kim Jong-un regime.
Why? Display of American might in Afghanistan and Syria, the latter while Xi was enjoying dessert at Mar-a-Lago, has reminded Beijing that it should beware of the world's (still) foremost military power.
It also helps that, while visiting the 38th parallel DMZ Monday, Vice President Mike Pence reiterated that the Obama-era strategy of “strategic patience” toward North Korea is no longer Washington's policy.
Then there are the carrots: President Trump reversed a campaign promise to tag China a currency manipulator. He hinted at conditioning the reversal on added Beijing pressure on Pyongyang, tweeting, “Why would I call China a currency manipulator when they are working with us on the North Korean problem? We will see what happens!”
Then again, Trump also tweeted that if China fails to “deal” with the North, “the U.S., with its allies, will.”
As a result, Beijing is starting to play ball with Trump. China canceled North Korean coal shipments and pointedly declined last week to join Russia in vetoing a US-sponsored resolution on Syria at the United Nations Security Council. That signaled its diplomatic alliance with Moscow against us is no longer automatic.
Most important, some of Beijing's tightly controlled state-owned media are now warning Pyongyang that a nuclear test would be a no-no.
Yes, Beijing is angry with the current Pyongyang top man — the craziest, most unpredictable of the three Kims it has dealt with. But the young Trump presidency can also claim credit for the Chinese finally starting to acknowledge the reality that North Korea endangers everyone.
So, yes, making nice with Xi is a sensible strategy. But no, we shouldn't mistake Beijing's small steps for a major strategic shift.
Xi is his country's most ambitious leader since Chairman Mao. He has slowly but surely expanded China's military powers to match the country's rising economic clout, and has moved quickly to dominate his neighborhood.
“His goal is to return China to glory as the Middle Kingdom it once was,” Akio Takahara, a Tokyo University China expert, told me during a recent visit to Japan. For officials and scholars there, as well as for diplomats from a host of other American allies in Asia, fears of China's rise often rival those of North Korea.
Conversely, China always keeps one eye on its neighbors and fears being surrounded by strong pro-American powers.
So while Xi is indeed signaling he's aware that North Korea is dangerous, he's just as opposed to Trump's accelerated deployment of a defensive THAAD anti-missile system in South Korea.
He warns against any departures from Japan's post-war pacifism. And surely he's not too happy that the Carl Vinson strike group was sent to prowl the waters around the Korean Peninsula.
Fear of being surrounded is the best explanation for Beijing's longtime support for Pyongyang's failed family rule: Communist North Korea serves as a buffer against South Korea, Japan and the other American allies near China's borders.
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe golfed with Trump at Mar-a-Lago before Xi enjoyed that famous chocolate cake there. The president needs to pay attention to concerns in Tokyo and those of other Asian allies and not act — as some critics say he does — based on what the last person he talked to told him.
Their concerns are similar to the ones raised by Russia's neighbors when Trump was seen as trapped in Vladimir Putin's back pocket. Trump, thankfully, turned his back to the Russian bear, but remember: With all its military might, Russia is a weak economic power that in the long run can hardly compete with us on the world stage.
China, by contrast, is rising.
So, yes, warming up to Xi yields some gains. But those of us who warned Trump that Russia will never be a true US ally, must now caution against aligning too closely with China, the power that will compete with us and rival us for decades.
IATA reported (05-Oct-2017) its Aug-2017 Air Passenger Market Analysis shows international RPKs flown by Middle Eastern airlines grew by 5.5% year-on-year in Aug-2017, a rate that is "broadly unchanged" from Jul-2017, but still well below the five-year average pace of 11.1%. In seasonally adjusted terms, regional RPKs have now trended upwards at an annualised pace of just 2% since the start of the year. The Middle East to North America market in particular has been hit by a combination of factors, including the now-lifted ban on personal electronic devices, as well as a wider impact from proposed travel bans to the US. Traffic growth on the segment was already slowing in early-2017, alongside an easing in the pace of growth of nonstop services flown by the largest Middle Eastern airlines. RPKs flown on the market segment fell in year-on-year terms for the fifth consecutive month in Jul-2017, down 4.7%. [more - original PR]
Venus Williams and Jimmy Buffett headed to Advertising Week The biggest trade show in the city, Advertising Week New York, is slated to kick off Monday, pulling over 100,000 people to five days of seminars, panel discussions and pop-star...
Ad Age is getting a new-look in rebrand effort Amid the tsunami of layoffs, cutbacks and resignations currently plaguing the magazine business, it's an odd time for a magazine to relaunch — let alone entirely rebrand. But Advertising Age...
Virtual reality is about to take over Hollywood There was a big focus on virtual reality at Advertising Week NYC. Dawn Ostroff, the head of Condé Nast Entertainment, said that “Invisible,” its first scripted virtual reality drama, is...
'Top Chef' Padma Lakshmi to headline Advertising Week “Top Chef” Padma Lakshmi is headlining at Advertising Week, the annual celebration of the industry people love to bash, but which underwrites most people's media consumption. Lakshmi will be part...
Apple ad-blocking the talk of Advertising Week Apple's new ad-blocker technology — and what publishers can do to thwart it — emerged as one of the hottest topics among advertisers and media outlets at the week-long Advertising...
Media heads discuss native advertising, banner ads The “natives” are restless. Native advertising is one of the biggest trends on Madison Avenue, but some in the business believe it's time to retire the buzzword. “It's a word...
Dolan and Weinstein sound off on Advertising Week panel MSG boss Jim Dolan, whose family owns Cablevision, believes the cable programming bundle will fall by the wayside thanks to advances such as Netflix. “As we start to see more...
Yahoo! and AOL center stage at 'Advertising Week' Madison Avenue will be keeping a close eye on Yahoo! CEO Marissa Mayer and AOL boss Tim Armstrong this week, as their struggling Internet giants feel the pressure to merge....
Ad Week getting an extra jolt of star power New York's Advertising Week is ramping up the star wattage. Compared to the Cannes Lions ad festival on the celebrity-studded French Riviera, the city's annual industry gathering has been a...
PORTSMOUTH, R.I. (WPRI) – The 22-year-old man accused of assaulting a teacher at Portsmouth High SchoolTuesday morning ordered students to line up against a wall in the gymnasium before making his way toward the main office, according to town police.
Marcus Schlip, 22, was charged with assaulting a teacher, possession of a knife and disturbance of public assemblies Tuesday after police said they found him in the school's main office with a large knife in a duffle bag.
The heavily-redacted report states that Schlip banged on the door, forced his way into the gym and punched and kicked the female teacher.
According to the report, students said Schlip ordered them all to line up because “he was now in charge.”
The report also states the teacher opened the door which, according to Portsmouth's school superintendent, is against policy.
“Our safety plan requires all doors to be locked during the school day. The teacher had an error in judgment,” said Superintendent Ana C. Riley. “She made the assumption he was at the wrong door and was directing him to the main office.”
Riley also said she was grateful for the teacher's actions.
“She recognized her mistake instantly and tried to physically bar him from entering the gym. This is the reason he claims for assaulting her, she would not get out of his way,” Riley said. “We are all grateful for her effort to attempt to prevent him from getting to the students.
Police Chief Thomas Lee said multiple students in the class called 911, and the dispatcher contacted the school resource officer, who found Schlip in the main office and took him into custody.
The motive for the attack remains unclear.
After his arraignment Tuesday, he was released on $5,000 personal recognizance and was ordered to report to Butler Hospital. The judge allowed his mother to drive him. He was also ordered to stay away from the teacher he's accused of assaulting and stay away from Portsmouth High School.
Train passengers are being urged to avoid London Waterloo after a points failure is causing major disruption to the South West Trains network.
The problem between Vauxhall and London Waterloo train means all trains running to and from these stations may be cancelled, delayed or revised.
The problem is expected to go on all day.
South West Trains is warning passengers that all peak trains this morning are likely to be very busy.
All passengers planning to travel between Reading and London Waterloo are urged to check National Rail enquiries before they travel.
And those on Twitter can follow the latest using the #LondonWaterloo.
Don't forget you can also keep up to date with the latest via the free getreading app.
Download it for Apple devices here and Android devices here .
John Kerry has never been so insulted in his life! Oy, the insult! How dare anyone imagine that his reference to Israel as an “apartheid state” in the making might...
"Parkour makes me a mythical man. It gets us out of the atmosphere of war and makes us forget some of our pain and sorrows, for when i jump from a high place I feel free and i enjoy the fun," Muhammad says.
The Junior School from the Borders-based ‘Fiona Henderson School of Dance' took to the stage at the Eastgate Theatre, Peebles, on June 3-4 for two sell-out performances of their ‘Dare to Dance' show.
Over 90 pupils aged from five to 11 years performed a wide range of dances including Highland, Ballet, Tap and Modern styles in their annual showcase performance which is the highlight of their school year.
FHSD school principal and artistic director, Fiona Henderson: “I was so proud of all the Junior School pupils at their show.
They put on great performances and the teachers were delighted that the children rose to the occasion and gave their audiences a show to remember.”
The dancing school which was established in 1985 with just five pupils, has grown steadily.
Its ethos is to provide quality tuition in a safe and fun environment to encourage children to love to dance.
For more information visit www.fionahendersondance.co.uk.
The prime ministers of Australia and France will on Tuesday inaugurate a high-tech museum showcasing the role of Australian troops in World War I, to mark the 100th anniversary of a key battle in the conflict.
The Sir John Monash Centre, in the Somme region of northern France which became synonymous with slaughter during the 1914-18 war, uses lifesize videos of soldiers and a 360-degree cinema to bring the role of Australian troops to life.
"It's designed for visitors to leave with a better understanding of the role of Australians on the Western Front, right here where they fought," said its director Caroline Bartlett.
Australian premier Malcolm Turnbull and France's Edouard Philippe will officially open the museum at the Australian National Memorial, 100 years to the day since the Battle of nearby Villers-Bretonneux.
On Wednesday -- Anzac Day, Australia's national day of remembrance -- Britain's Prince Charles will join the two leaders and nearly 8,000 other people at a solemn dawn ceremony to remember the dead.
German troops seized the town of Villers-Bretonneux on 24 April, 1918 on a major westwards push towards the end of the war.
But Australian and British troops, backed by French forces, pulled off a dangerous counter-offensive, stopping a German advance towards the highly strategic neighbouring city of Amiens.
Australia sent more than 295,000 soldiers to France and Belgium to help allied forces between 1916 and 1918.
Some 46,000 of them died and more than 130,000 were injured -- huge losses for a nation that had a population of only five million at the time.
More than 2,000 of the young Australians who lost their lives in the war -- the average soldier sent to the Western Front was 23 years old -- are buried at the National Memorial in what is now peaceful countryside.
The site's new museum, which cost 63 million euros to develop and opened to the public earlier this month, is named after Australian general John Monash.
Along with hundreds of screens projecting archive footage, it will display soldiers' diaries, photographs and letters, while visitors will be able to enter a recreation of the trenches.
Lord of the Rings director Peter Jackson advised on the filming of new scenes for the museum's video displays shot in Australia, France and New Zealand to bring the experience of trench warfare to life.
He also lent the museum two World War I planes from his personal collection for the films, which took more than a year to produce.
(with AFP)
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Dell's XPS 13 2-in-1 is priced at $999 and will ship this month
Dell has just improved its already brilliant XPS 13 -- it will now be available as a 2-in-1, which means the device has the versatility to be a laptop or a tablet.
I had the chance to play around with the device prior to CES. It has a clever design and wowed me with its sleek design and edge-to-edge screen, but it won't come cheap.
The starting price of the XPS 13 2-in-1 is US$999, and it'll start shipping this month. That's about $200 more than the starting price of the XPS laptop. You are paying more for the versatility of the XPS 13 2-in-1.
On the outside, the XPS 13 2-in-1 looks like the XPS 13 laptop, but Dell has changed the hinge connecting the keyboard base and screen. The screen can be rotated 360 degrees to turn the device into a tablet.
The XPS 13 2-in-1 weighs 1.24 kilograms and is surprisingly thin and light thanks to its intelligent design. With its 13.3-inch edge-to-edge screen, the device fits in a typical frame of an 11.6-inch laptop. There's more screen to work with and less border surrounding the display.
Though intended to be a laptop first, it excels as a tablet, thanks to the brilliant screen and the light weight of the tablet.
The unit I tested had a 3200 x 1800-pixel screen, which is the maximum resolution. The colors were bright and vivid, and videos played smoothly. A 4K option won't be available, unfortunately.
Dell claims the battery life of the XPS 13 2-in-1 ranges from nine to 15 hours, depending on how you use it. The battery life goes up if you're doing basic productivity work and declines to around nine hours if you are watching Netflix movies.
The XPS 13 2-in-1 is a step down in performance compared to the XPS 13 laptop, but the decline is not visible when running basic applications or graphics.
The device has a 7th Generation Intel Core i5-7Y54 or Core i7-7Y75 processor, which aren't as speedy as the mainstream Kaby Lake-based Core i3, i5, and i7 processors offered in the XPS 13 laptop. An Intel integrated GPU can support 4K graphics play-back on external displays.
Dell went with the Y-series Kaby Lake chips so the XPS 13 2-in-1 can provide long battery life, compared to tablets today.
Otherwise, the XPS 13 2-in-1 is loaded with the latest features, comparable to its laptop cousin. It has 802.11ac wireless, Thunderbolt 3, a micro-SD card slot, and two USB Type-C 3.1 ports. The USB Type-C port works with HDMI and DisplayPort connectors.
The XPS 13 2-in-1 has inherited some weaknesses from the laptop. For all its wonderful features, the device hasn't solved a webcam problem. It has an infrared camera and webcam under the screen -- jokingly called "nosecam" because of its angle relative to the user's nose. It's a design compromise because of the edgeless screen, and there's no space, when it's used as a laptop, to put a webcam on top of the screen. In tablet mode, the device can be reoriented to put the webcam on top of the screen, however.
Some users are comfortable with the webcam's location, others are not.
So if you want versatility, go with the XPS 13 2-in-1, but if you're looking to multitask, go for the XPS 13 laptop. Nevertheless, the XPS 13 2-in-1 is a fine hybrid device with a great screen.
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
Tiffen says the reason for the hybrid gimbal/gyro approach is to give users maximum control. By applying pressure to the control surface just above the grip, you can quickly flip it around or change focus to a different subject. The Osmo and other products, on the other hand, can pan only as fast as the motor can turn.
The balance aspect means you can't just take it out of the box and start shooting, though. First you have to set it up to your specific smartphone so that it's perfectly -- and I mean perfectly -- adjusted. Once that's done, you must learn how to use the thing so that you can shoot exactly the way you want.
I tried out the Steadicam Volt with a Samsung Galaxy S8, which already has a pretty darn good camera that shoots at 1080p or 4K (Ultra HD) resolution. As with any smartphone, handheld tracking shots can look very jerky, even if you operate it as smoothly as possible and turn on the built-in stabilization. For live streaming, even minor hand shaking can be noticeable too. That's where the Volt can help.
To balance the Volt, you mount your phone and hold it horizontally. If the back tips up, you need to add weights until it tilts down, then adjust a slider for fine-tuned control. I needed just two weights for my Galaxy S8, but if you have a larger device, you'll likely need more.
For side-to-side balance, you just push the phone to the right or the left in the cradle. Finally, there's a screw adjustment that moves the phone back and forth so that it's balanced perfectly and pointing ahead, not to the sky or the ground. Users have reported that some Volts don't sit perfectly level, but there's a firmware update to fix that issue.
With everything set up, I took the Volt to the street. You can't just point it at your subject and capture glorious tracking shots -- you have to get the hang of using it and develop a light touch on the controls for pans or tilts. Also, like most handheld stabilizers, the Volt doesn't fix up or down movements, so you have to learn a sort of stealthy, smooth walk.
The Volt has two modes: sport and cinema. The former is on by default and offers a more rigid, easy-to-control operation. Cinema mode, activated by pushing the front button twice, provides less resistance, making for a smoother but touchier gimbal. You can use your built-in camera or any other app, including Tiffen's own Image Maker. I didn't have much luck with that app myself, as it crashed to a black screen when I tried using it.
It weighs less than a pound, so, with a light smartphone like the Galaxy S8, the Volt is easy to use all day. However, the 8-hour battery life is less than you get with other stabilizers, so if you do a marathon session, you'll need to carry spare cells. Unlike with other products, though, it's easy to swap them. That said, it will still function as a (much cruder) stabilizer even without power, so you won't be totally stuck with no power.
The Volt always stays where you point it, whether up, down, left or right. If you want to change the angle, you merely apply pressure to the control stalk. Tiffin recommends using both hands, one to hold the gimbal handle and the other to control camera movement. I found that worked fine for me, but, with a bit more practice, I could hopefully do it one-handed, like Steadicam inventor Garrett Brown.
The Volt seems like an ideal stabilizer for vlogging or recording Facebook Live videos, since it's fairly easy to control and tracks subjects faithfully. Flipping to the front camera and back requires a bit of care, however, in order not to jolt your phone or flip it around.
That brings up what is perhaps the Volt's biggest flaw. If you happen to be out on a windy day, your phone could catch a gust and go out of control. Electronic stabilizers like the Osmo don't have that problem to the same degree, as they're more rigidly fixed. The solution is to brace the Volt harder with your hand, but that removes some of the smoothing benefits.
All told, I liked the Steadicam Volt, but it's not for everyone. Users who want handheld, stabilized video with little setup and learning would probably be better off with the DJI Osmo, which also costs $195. There are also numerous knockoff electronic smartphone stabilizers on the market for around $100, if you want to take that risk.
If you're willing to put up with the time needed to set up and learn it, however, the Volt is worth your attention. Once you become proficient (practice is the only way), there are more types of moves that you can do than with an electronic gimbal, and it gives you more direct control and feel too. The resulting tracking shots, I believe, are less mechanical and more organic-looking than you get with purely mechanical stabilizers. Just watch out for those gusts.
A large oak tree crashed to the ground Monday afternoon, totaling at least two vehicles in its wake.
According to Reba Bailey, owner of Tanglewood in Carrollton (at the corner of Washington and College Streets), around 3:30 p.m. Monday, she and her husband, Steve, heard a commotion outside the house.
“It sounded like a trailer was passing by the house,” Bailey said.
Outside they found a large oak tree had fallen across a Ford pick-up truck, a Chevrolet Suburban, and a Hummer H2. Bailey said the Ford pick-up truck and the Suburban are certainly totaled while there might be hope in saving the Hummer H2.
Bailey said the cause of the tree falling had to be the abundance of rain lately because “only a few light breezes” were blowing at the time the tree fell.
“There were no strong winds,” Bailey said.
For more information, see Thursday's edition of The Conservative.
2017: Atiku Will Be Forced Out Of APC – Prophet Omale
The head of the Divine Hand of God Prophetic Ministries International, Prophet Emmanuel Omale, has given series of revelations concerning the new year saying that God told him that former Vice President Atiku Abubakar, will “be forced out of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC)”, even as he added that the party's National Leader, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu, “may be poisoned.” even as he called for fervent prayers.
Reading out 2017 prophecies and vision God showed him in a statement on Sunday in Abuja, Prophet Omale, also said that if “President Muhammadu Buhari chooses the Mandela option, (that is, not to contest again in 2019), a very powerful man will be anointed by him from North West to rule after him.”
He also revealed that if fervent prayers were not said, the Ekiti state governor Ayodele Fayose “may face impeachment.”
He said God told him that the proposed Mega Party will not come to reality in 2017 added that aside two People Democratic Party (PDP) governors “cross carpet to APC,” another “South-South strong man who rose out of the walls will join the ruling Pparty.”
On corruption, Prophet Omale said 2017 will witness the anti-corruption hammer landing three serving Ministersin President Buhari's cabinet.
On economy, the man of God said Dollar will move from last year prediction of $350 to $570, even predicted that “No oil in explorable quantity will be found in the North, NNPC should seek the Divine Hand of God to know where to find oil in the North.
“I see peace in Nigerdelta, but Federal Government should make peace with former President Jonathan and his family to sustain that peace.”
While calling on the country to “pray against a plane crash in early 2017”, he also warned that prayer should be said “against Boko Haram efforts to create mayhem in Abuja: residents of Gwagwalada should be vigilant.
“January 27th keep ringing bells in my head, let us pray for ourselves, for our country, we deserve political stability to enable economic prosperity. Let us pray! There will be no shedding of blood.
“Let us pray for the health of a former President to avert bereavement.
“I see fire outbreak in Lagos and Abuja markets.
“I see changes in INEC Leadership
“Taraba should pray to avert a very severe Ethno-religious crisis.
“A very important Emir should pray against bereavement.
“Nigeria should pray to avert deadly inter tribal clash in Lagos state
“A former Governor should pray against sudden death.
“I see massive oil spillage around Kogi that will lead to seven days fire.
“Three Banks will collapse.
“A Service Chief of one of the armed forces will be dropped.”
On international level, the prophet said he “foresee a massive typhoon in Thailand that may be worse than the last tsunami.
“The new Ghana President-elect should pray against liver and internal organ sickness after inauguration.
“Yahaya Jammeh will hand over to President-Elect Barrow.
“Robert Mugabe may not survive 2017.
“Jacob Zuma may still be in trouble, adding that “big tragedy will happen in China.”
“The English Queen should pray against life threatening health challenges.
On sports, he said a “famous Nigerian Athlete should pray against injury that may end his career.”
The Prophet however admonished that some of these danger can be averted if serious prayers are done.
This post was syndicated from Nigerian News from Leadership News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
These are troubled times for SoundCloud, with staff layoffs, changing CEOs, and talk of emergency investment securing its future for the time being. As with any service that's looking shaky, users will be (and should be) worried about getting their stuff out—you may have years of playlists, uploads and podcasts collected on the service. Here's how to get all that audio and data into safer locales.
The bad news is, it's not particularly easy or intuitive to do. Unlike Google, for example, SoundCloud doesn't give you a dedicated suite of tools for getting all your material off its servers, so in a lot of cases you have to turn to third-party services and add-ons for help.
Downloading tracks
SoundCloud doesn't make it easy to download tracks, even your own. Image: Screenshot
You can only download tracks one at a time on SoundCloud, and only then if the uploader has enabled downloads on the file in question: click the Download button underneath any audio waveform to save the file to disk. The same is true of tracks you yourself have uploaded—if you enabled the download option at the time, you can download these tracks individually, otherwise you'd better hope you still have the originals.
Third-party add-ons will do some downloading for you, though these apps go against the SoundCloud terms of service, so proceed as your conscience allows—you're certainly entitled to think you'd be allowed to use them to get your own audio downloaded, but ripping huge numbers of copyrighted tracks is less clear-cut legally.
You need a third-party service to do some serious exporting. Image: Screenshot
The aptly named SoundCloud Downloader is one option. Just paste in the SoundCloud URL, and you get a download link (there's a Chrome extension available too if you need it). For getting hold of whole playlists at once, we'd direct you to the SoundTake SoundCloud Downloader—again, you just provide the playlist URL, and you get a series of MP3 download links back. It seems to work better and more reliably than the other playlist downloaders we tried.
The SoundTake site also works with user profiles and Likes on SoundCloud, so just about any URL you paste in there will spit out a series of download links. If you need a quick, easy, and free way to get audio out of SoundCloud then it's one of the best options.
Exporting likes and playlists
Soundiiz pulls up all your SoundCloud likes and playlists. Image: Screenshot
As with downloads, SoundCloud doesn't make it easy for you to export your likes and playlists (in terms of the metadata rather than the actual files)—again you need to rely on external plug-ins rather than any option you're going to find in SoundCloud itself.
If you're looking to export your playlists and likes to Spotify then we'd direct you towards the previously featured Soundiiz. It plugs into a whole host of online music services, including SoundCloud, Tidal, Spotify, Apple Music, Google Play Music, and more. The basics are free, with paid plans available.
Exporting data to other services is quick and easy. Image: Screenshot
Connecting your various music apps is as simple as clicking on the icons down the left side of the main page and offering up your login credentials for each service. Plug in your SoundCloud account details and you get access to your playlists, your loved tracks, your activity stream and so on—all of these lists of songs can be transferred to another service by clicking the Convert button (though obviously you might not find exact matches on all of the other streaming platforms).
Converting some playlists requires a premium account, and if you fork out $4.50 ( £3.50) for the month (it's less if you pay by year) then you can also export your SoundCloud playlists in text and XML formats, and batch convert lists of tracks. You can join playlists together and if you want a comprehensive way of getting all your data out of SoundCloud then we'd say it's worth the investment.
Otherwise get a pad and paper and start writing down every track you've ever liked and recording every playlist you've ever formed.
More Streaming Posts:
President Donald Trump on Monday authorized members of his administration to determine whether to investigate if China has been stealing American intellectual property.
“As president, it's my duty and responsibility to protect the American workers' technology and industry from unfair and abusive actions,” Trump said while signing the executive action at the White House. “We will stand up to any country that unlawfully forces America companies to transfer their valuable technology as a condition of market access.”
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Trump Signs Memo to Probe China's Trade Practices 1:17 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Throughout his campaign, Trump talked critically about the U.S. trading partnership with China. But the relationship between the two countries is particularly delicate right now as Washington continues to call on China to do more to thwart the nuclear threat from North Korea.
Senior administration officials denied that the move had anything to do with U.S. attempts to persuade China to do more about North Korea.
"They are unrelated. Trade is trade. National security is national security," a White House official told reporters on Saturday.
The order directs U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer to consider whether an investigation into China's intellectual property policies is warranted. A recently updated report from the Commission on the Theft of American Intellectual Property found China to be world's worst intellectual property infringer.
The White House said the process could take up to a year and would not say speculate about whether the U.S. would take a retaliatory action.
Some of Trump's opponents on Capitol Hill called the announcement a good first step. But others, like Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer, said announcing a possible investigation is simply stalling the process.
“President Trump's pattern continues: Tough talk on China, but weaker action than anyone could ever imagine,” he said in a statement.
“While today's announcement could eventually lead to aggressive action against China, I am concerned it will lead to only another investigation and report,” Rep. Bill Pascrell, a New Jersey Democrat and ranking member on the House subcommittee on trade, said in a statement.
REPAIRS to a hole on State Highway 35 north of Te Kaha might be a while.
NZTA Bay of Plenty transport system manager Rob Campbell said SH35 is down to one lane just west of Whanarua Bay after heavy rain caused some of the road shoulder to subside.
“We are working on a design solution to fix the road,” he said.
“This is a complex process and may take some time. “
While a solution is determined the road will remain open to one lane only, with traffic management in place.
“We would like to apologise for any inconvenience the traffic management may cause,” Mr Campbell said.
With two outs and a runner on second in the Nationals' matchup with the Dodgers on Sunday night, Bryce Harper hit a ground ball to second baseman Chase Utley. Utley's throw pulled first baseman Cody Bellinger off of first base, but Harper — who had fouled a ball off his foot earlier in the at-bat — was not running hard down the line. Bellinger was able to get back in time to record the out and end the inning, and the Nats went on to lose the game, 4-3.
The play happened to be the second time this season in a nationally televised Sunday night game that Harper cost his club a baserunner by not hustling on an infield grounder. It's a coincidence, but because sprinting down the line on every single batted ball epitomizes Good Fundamental Re2pectful Baseball — and because it's Harper — people beat him up for it. It's such an easy, standard, deeply held coach-take that I don't care to call anyone out on it by embedding tweets or commentary here. But you believe me, right? It should not be hard to believe that Bryce Harper might inspire lots of hand-wringing when he costs himself a chance to reach on error by jogging down the first-base line.
But here's the thing: Bryce Harper is nowhere near the only Major League veteran who eases up on easy grounders, and we only notice it now because 1) it so happened that two infield misplays occurred two weeks apart with Harper batting in the Sunday night spotlight and 2) we notice most things Bryce Harper does.
Major League teams play 162 games in the regular season, and Harper's Nats have eyes on continuing into October. Maybe some guys have the absurd, inhuman physical durability necessary to run at 100% speed on every baseball event and stay healthy for an entire season, but Harper, pretty demonstrably, does not.
The only real knock on Harper's Major League career is that he has been somewhat frequently injured, and literally all of his major injuries have been those of too much hustle: His 2011 minor-league campaign ended when he pulled a hamstring running from first to third on a single; he missed a month in 2013 with a knee injury suffered running into an outfield wall at full speed; he spent two months of 2014 on the disabled list after injuring his thumb sliding head-first into third on triple; and just last year — last year! — he sat out half of August and most of September because he stepped awkwardly on first base while running hard to beat out an infield grounder.
Think about it this way: Harper hits a lot of homers, draws a lot of walks, and strikes out fairly frequently, but 42.3% of the balls he has put in play across his career have been grounders. A bunch of them find holes in the defense, of course — Harper is a career .263 hitter on ground balls — but over the course of a full, healthy season, Harper will likely hit about 120 balls that can be fielded cleanly by infielders with reasonable effort.
Fielding percentage among Major League infielders is around 97%. Some errors, naturally, come on booted balls that Harper or any other hitter would see and account for in his running. Some come on egregious overthrows of the type that would put even a lightly jogging Bartolo Colon on first base.
Misplays like Utley's Sunday night do not count as errors if the runner is still retired. But Harper has reached base on an infield error 19 times in his career, which means he could be expected to do so about four times in a typical, fully healthy season. Play around with the math any way you want and try to be as hard on Harper as you possibly can be, but given the relative rarity of a Harper ground ball and the general rarity of infield errors by Major League players, it's really hard to imagine that he could possibly cost himself more than six or seven times on base all season by not sprinting to first on every batted ball.
So, like, once a month. If Harper jogs down the baseline every time he thinks the infielder has an easy play, he will miss out on reaching first base safely one extra time per month in the season. Is that worth the risk? Is it worth the extra toll on his legs? And how could it be possibly be fair to accuse Harper — as some have — of dogging it in a contract year if what he's doing is trying to keep himself on the field so he can be awesome at baseball. Harper's no dog. Throughout his whole career, people have insisted he should ease up his aggressive play to avoid further injuries. Now, maybe, he's doing that, and people are going to call it selfish? C'mon. It's smart.
There's a good comp for this. No one in recent memory has been more frequently chastised for a lack of hustle than Robinson Cano, but here's the funny thing about Cano: He plays more games than anybody else. Cano has played in at least 150 games every season since 2007, and 52 more total games than anyone else in that span. That's an extra 1/3 season of a Hall of Fame caliber player! If it reflects any sort of tradeoff — give up on a few grounders to stay fresh and healthy all season — then it is a smart one, and one that benefits both Cano and his teams.
There are very few truly selfish acts on a baseball field. It's not basketball, where your lust for a higher rate of points per game might cost your teammates opportunities. If you're just trying to rack up numbers playing baseball, you are, in almost all cases, taking the right approach. If, for Harper, that means forgoing a small handful of times reaching base on error in the name of playing a full season, so be it.
Army Recovers Weapons, Uniforms Of Slain Policemen In Rivers
The Army has recovered one AK47 assault rifle and uniforms belonging to DSP Mohammed Alkali and his police orderly who were allegedly beheaded in Rivers State.
The policemen were killed by suspected cultist at Omoku, Ogba/Egbema/Ndoni local government area of Rivers State during the December 10, 2016 re-run legislative elections.
The General Officer Commanding (GOC) 6 Division, Port Harcourt, Maj.-Gen. Kasimu Abdulkarim, disclosed this to newsmen in Port Harcourt yesterday.
Abdulkarim said that troops from the Division recovered the items during a raid on four militants' camps and cultists' hideouts in Ujju community near Omoku.
According to him, troops also recovered assorted arms and ammunition stockpiled by bandits in the area.
He said: “Ogba/Egbema/Ndoni local government area has over time witnessed criminal acts ranging from attacks on critical national infrastructure and brutal murders which affected the economic activities of oil companies and citizens.
“The barbaric nature and manner of criminalities led the 6 Division to conduct a raid on December 31 on four suspected criminal camps located across the river, in Ujju community.
“In the raid, 6 Division troops, in conjunction with Operation Delta Safe Special Boats Service and air component, engaged the suspected criminals in exchange of gunfire.
“Troops later arrested some suspects and recovered several weapons, ammunition and uniforms, including uniforms and rifle belonging DSP Mohammed Alkali and his orderly, Sgt. Urukwu Nwachukwu.”
He listed arms recovered to include one AK47 rifle, two G3 rifles, five double barrel guns, two pistols, 31 empty AK47 magazines, and 242 rounds of 7.62mm NATO ammunition.
Others are 322 rounds of other calibres of ammunition, bulletproof jackets, seven other police uniforms, 31 handsets, Automated Teller Machine Cards (ATM) and a First Aid box.
Abdulkarim said the clean-up operation was in continuation of efforts by the Division to recover weapons from cultists and militants who refused to embrace Amnesty offered by Rivers State government.
He noted that in spite of the just concluded amnesty programme offered by government, armed groups had continued to terrorise residents in Omoku town.
The GOC said that 15 persons, including a soldier, four Civil Defence Corps personnel, two policemen and eight civilians were brutally murdered while several others kidnapped in the area in December
This post was syndicated from Nigerian News from Leadership News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
National leader of the Progressives Congress ( APC ) Bola Ahmed Tinubu has reacted to the launch of the Coalition for Nigeria championed by former President Olusegun Obasanjo. Tinubu stated that it was too early to respond to movement as every Ni...
Theresa May will ask MPs to clear the way for an early general election on 8 June in a dramatic reversal of her repeated assertions that she would not go to the country before May 2020.
In a surprise announcement outside 10 Downing Street on Tuesday morning, the prime minister said she would move a motion in the Commons on Wednesday, which will require a two thirds majority to pass.
The election will effectively be a second referendum on Brexit. Throwing down the gauntlet to Labour, the Liberal Democrats and the SNP, May said she was seeking an election because Brexit required political unity. "The country is coming together but Westminster is not," she said, criticising opposition parties for "political game playing".
"We need a general election and we need one now," she said.
"In recent weeks Labour have threatened to vote against the final agreement we reach with the European Union. The Liberal Democrats said they want to grind the business of government to a standstill.
"The Scottish National Party say they will vote against the legislation that formally repeals Britain's membership of the European Union. And un-elected members of the House of Lords have vowed to fight us every step of the way."
"If we do not hold a general election now, their political game playing will continue."
She added: "It will be a choice between strong and stable leadership in the national interest, with me as your prime minister, or weak and unstable government under a coalition led by Jeremy Corbyn."
Liberal Democrat leader Tim Farron immediately took up her Brexit challenge: “This election is your chance to change the direction of our country," he said.
"If you want to avoid a disastrous hard Brexit. If you want to keep Britain in the Single Market. If you want a Britain that is open, tolerant and united, this is your chance. Only the Liberal Democrats can prevent a Conservative majority.”
In a statement, Corbyn welcomed May's decision "to give the British people the chance to vote for a government that will put the interests of the majority first".
“Labour will be offering the country an effective alternative to a government that has failed to rebuild the economy, delivered falling living standards and damaging cuts to our schools and NHS.
“In the last couple of weeks, Labour has set out policies that offer a clear and credible choice for the country. We look forward to showing how Labour will stand up for the people of Britain.”
Unlike previous prime ministers, May cannot simply call a general election because of the Fixed Term Parliaments Act, introduced by the coalition in 2010.
May had repeatedly ruled out holding an early election, including in March when a Downing Street spokesperson said that she was “clear and consistent in her position that she does not think there should be” an election before 2020. In October, she said that an early vote would create “instability”.
Even senior Tories were taken by surprise by today's announcement.
One former cabinet minister, speaking before Easter, told BuzzFeed News that support for the Conservatives wasn't as strong as the opinion polls suggested, and that the party was wary of the Liberal Democrats picking up support in areas that voted to remain in the European Union.
This is a breaking story and will be updated.
Michael Duignan thinks that Waterford will have to do without both of their star Gleesons in the All-Ireland final showdown with Galway on 3 September.
Conor Gleeson was sent off for striking with the hurley in the 4-19 to 0-20 win over Cork on Sunday and now faces an automatic one-match ban.
The situation of current Hurler of the Year Aussie Gleeson is more complicated - he appeared to pull the helmet off the Rebels' Luke Meade in an incident that wasn't spotted by referee James Owens.
If the referee doesn't mention the incident in his report, Croke Park's Central Competitions Control Committee (CCCC) could look in to the case and this may lead to an All-Ireland final ban.
"It's terrible to be sitting here this morning talking about these things because it's so long since they won an All-Ireland," said Offaly hero Duignan, speaking to RTÉ Sport.
"Conor Gleeson's one was minor enough, but he did slap someone, it was silly and I'd say he's disgusted.
"The linesman brought the ref's attention to it and they'll be saying he struck with the hurl. Waterford will say it was only minor, a tap on the shin, but it's unlikely to be overturned.
"I think with Austin Gleeson, it depends on what the referee says. If they look back on the incident I think they have no option but to suspend him."
There have been a number of high profile cases involving pulls on face masks in recent weeks. Waterford's Tadhg de Búrca missed the win over Cork after his red card for that offence in the quarter-final win over Wexford.
Galway's Adrian Tuohy avoided a ban after appearing to do something similar in the Tribesmen's semi-final win over Tipperary.
Austin Gleeson has his hand on Luke Meade's face mask
Duignan knows what it is like to walk the disciplinary tightrope, having had a near miss in 1998.
He struck Clare's David Forde in the second of Offaly's epic three-game All-Ireland semi-final saga with Clare, but referee Jimmy Cooney took his name rather than sending him off, clearing him to play in the third game and the final win over Kilkenny.
"Back in 1998 I pulled a stroke in a semi-final against Clare and I should have been sent off," admitted Duignan. "The referee took my name, in those days there were no cards, and let me away with a warning.
"Because of that I was free to play for the rest of the year. The relief that I felt because I should have been sent off. I went on to win an All-Ireland that year and my only All Star so I know how the system can work in your favour and how it can work against you."
Joel Greenblatt, this week's guest on Masters in Business, knows as well as anyone the challenges of managing money with the goal of outperforming benchmarks. When he was running his concentrated, special situations portfolio at Gotham Capital, he generated compounded returns of 50 percent a year (before fees) for a decade. His investors were understandably unhappy when he returned their capital.
Greenblatt is now co-chief investment officer and portfolio manager at Gotham Asset Management LLC. The fund he manages, Gotham Index Plus, is three years old, and was ranked the top-performing fund in its category (large-cap mixed) against about 1,200 peers. (It is, however, little changed so far this year). The fund is designed as a long-short hedge fund substitute with a flat 1 percent fee.
Greenblatt also has served as an adjunct professor at Columbia Business School since 1996, where he teaches classes on value and special-situation investing. He is the author of several books, most recently “The Big Secret for the Small Investor.”
His favorite books are cited here; our conversation transcript is published here.
You can stream/download the full conversation, including the podcast extras, on iTunes, Bloomberg and Overcast. Our earlier podcasts can all be found on iTunes, Overcast and Bloomberg.
Next week, we chat with Patty McCord, the chief talent officer at Netflix for 14 years, and author of the new book, “Powerful: Building a Culture of Freedom and Responsibility.”
This column does not necessarily reflect the opinion of the editorial board or Bloomberg LP and its owners.
Just two days have passed since Missouri's 67-54 loss to Florida State in the first round of the NCAA Tournament. But with draft decisions looming — and what Missouri's recruiting class will look like based off of those decisions — PowerMizzou looks at where the Tigers are looking, what they're bringing back and who else could jump into the fold. Who's gone:
Kassius Robertson — He was Missouri's most valuable player this year, and it really wasn't close. Expected to be a spot-up shooter and contributor before the season, Robertson made the All-SEC first-team, led the Tigers in scoring and helped to carry them back to the NCAA Tournament. Jordan Barnett — Barnett took a big step forward this year, and he was the best player on the floor for Missouri at different points this season. His arrest for suspicion of DWI a week before the NCAA Tournament will put a damper on how he's remembered in a Mizzou uniform, but without Barnett, the Tigers wouldn't have made it to the Big Dance in the first place. Brett Rau — As a walk-on who really wasn't expected to be more than a mop-up duty player, Rau gave Missouri valuable minutes in both the SEC and NCAA Tournament games. Who's coming in: Torrence Watson — A scoring machine from St. Louis, Watson should have an immediate impact next year, and he's got a chance to start depending on what happens with both Porter brothers this offseason. Watson won't blow you away with his 3-point shooting, but he's a good ballhandler, can slash to the basket and will fill it up if you leave him open.
Javon Pickett — Pickett was originally expected to play this year at Sunrise Christian Academy, but due to a shoulder injury, he moved home, had surgery and has been rehabbing since. He also brings a scoring presence to Missouri's lineup, but he might need a redshirt year to get completely healthy and bulk up. His impact also depends on what the offseason looks like for Cuonzo Martin and Co. K.J. Santos — If Michael Porter Jr. opts to leave for the NBA, Santos will likely start at the ‘3' spot next year. After redshirting at Tallahassee Community College this year, he'll have three years of eligibility left, and judging by his Twitter and Instagram posts, Santos has bulked up his 6-foot-8 frame substantially. As a freshman at Illinois-Chicago in 2016-17, he averaged 7.1 points per game and shot 37 percent from beyond the arc. Xavier Pinson — A late addition to Missouri's 2018 class, Pinson has yet to sign his NLI but is expected to once the late signing period opens in April. He's got the height (6'2) that Cuonzo Martin likes in his guards, but Pinson will need to put on some serious weight to be ready to play significant minutes as a freshman. As it stands now, he weighs about 165 pounds, and that might be generous. When he gets on the floor, though, Pinson has elite passing ability, great basketball IQ and exceptional athleticism. Even if Jontay and Michael Porter return, Missouri still has one scholarship open in the 2018 class, and Cuonzo Martin has been heavily pursuing Webster Groves (Mo.) four-star guard Courtney Ramey for it. The consensus No. 1 player in Missouri is being targeted by Illinois, South Carolina, Ohio State, Texas and Oklahoma State as well. But with Missouri's lack of point guard depth and a chance to play close to home, the Tigers might be too good to pass up. Missouri has also reportedly shown interest in Evansville grad transfer shooting guard Evan Taylor, who led the Missouri Valley in scoring last season at 21.2 points per game. The Tigers won't be alone though, as ESPN's Jeff Goodman reports Butler, Northwestern, Vanderbilt, South Carolina, Ohio St, Ole Miss, Wisconsin, Oklahoma, Illinois, Georgetown, Creighton, Minnesota, Boston College, Indiana, UCLA, Arizona, Wake Forest, Miami, Purdue, Baylor and Maryland have also contacted Taylor.
Webster Groves guard Courtney Ramey. Patrick Clark / Athlete's Eye Photograpy
Who we think is coming back: Kevin Puryear — Puryear had to take on a smaller role with the addition of the Porter Bros. and Jeremiah Tilmon, but he remained the emotional leader of this group and a key cog in Missouri's frontcourt. Should the Porters leave, expect Puryear to return to the starting lineup at the power forward spot. If that happens, he'll be expected to take on a much bigger scoring role again, similar to the one he had as a freshman. Cullen Vanleer — Vanleer presents an interesting dilemma for head coach Cuonzo Martin because of his ACL injury against Arkansas. Likely out until at least next January, Vanleer could use a redshirt next season and gain another year of eligiblity, but I'm not sure Missouri would want to keep his scholarship on the books that long, especially with the loaded upcoming 2019 class. It's possible that Martin inserts him at the end of the rotation when he's healthy and Vanleer plays out next year as his last. Jordan Geist — Geist was another player who really was seen as more of a reserve entering the year, especially with Robertson, Blake Harris and C.J. Roberts coming into the fold. But with the latter two transferring, he was thrust into the starting point guard role and filled it admirably. His true role is more of a defensive stopper and reserve guard, but don't be shocked if he again plays a significant number of minutes next year. Reed Nikko — Nikko probably got more minutes than anyone expected because of Michael Porter Jr.'s injury and Jontay Porter and Jeremiah Tilmon's consistent foul trouble. After hip surgeries, Nikko doesn't move particularly well, and he often got beat against more athletic big men. He'll surely play some minutes next year, but if the Porters leave, expect Missouri to go after an immediately eligible big man. Mitchell Smith — He bulked up quite a bit in his redshirt year after tearing his ACL last season, and he could contribute next year if Missouri is short on depth up front. Jeremiah Tilmon — Of the five freshman Missouri signed in 2017, there's a good chance Tilmon is the only left on the roster by June. He showed flashes of absolute dominance — especially in the home finale vs. Arkansas — but his foul troubles were just backbreaking at times. Another offseason in the weight room and around the college game should do wonders for a player that when he's not in foul trouble is one of the most dominant big men in the SEC. Ronnie Suggs — A transfer from Bradley, Suggs will walk on again next year at Mizzou. With the influx of guards the Tigers have, Suggs is likely to be an end-of-bench player that sees a few minutes during blowouts. Adam Wolf — Wolf is a fan favorite, and his ACL tear early in the season was heartbreaking. Despite holding the all-time record for single-season 3-point percentage in school history, Wolf's role as a walk-on really isn't expected to change. And then it gets interesting… Whether Missouri is a top-10 team entering next season or one that likely misses the NCAA Tournament almost entirely depends on the decisions of Michael Porter Jr. and Jontay Porter. Both said after the loss to Florida State Friday night that they've made no decision about their future.
Jontay Porter (left) and brother Michael (right) said they have not made any decisions about entering the NBA Draft after this season. Jordan Kodner
FootJoy is getting into the U.S. Open spirit by announcing their limited edition red, white and blue ProSL shoes. The shoes are available now, and there are only 500 pairs so they won't be around for long. The upper is made out of waterproof leather, so you'll be dry in the rain and the dew. The midsole is made out of a comfortable, yet stable, foam that'll cushion your foot throughout the round.
Feast your eyes on these patriotic beauties:
You probably noticed these shoes are spikeless. If you're one of those people who shy away from spikeless shoes because you don't think you'll get enough grip, we're here to tell you that you're wildly misguided. A lot of tour players trust spikeless shoes. Jason Dufner, Adam Scott, Louis Oosthuizen and Beef Johnson are wearing the ProSL's. If these shoes can handle tour swing speeds, we think they'll be able to handle your action, too.
Related: Our 12 favorite U.S. Open merchandise items
The ProSL, $150 at retail, is also available in six other colors, so you can still get the same technology when the U.S. Open-themed pairs run out.
Related: Golf Digest Shoe Guide
WATCH MORE U.S. OPEN VIDEOS
By LARRY GAGE
Special to the PRESS
The Port Isabel High Lady Tarpons track and field team won gold in five events and placed third in team points at Monday's District 32-4A meet in the Rio Grande City.
Port Isabel athletes won both the 4 x 200 meter and 4 x 400 meter relay races, and also got first place in the pole vault, the 400-meter dash and 100 meter hurdles.
Winning individual gold and advancing to next week's area meet in La Feria were Natalie Garza (400 meters) and Sabrina Garza (pole vault, 100-meter hurdles). The former won the 400 in 58.65 seconds, which was 3.70 seconds ahead of the second place girl. The latter cleared 10 feet even for the first time this season and that was a foot-and-a-half better than Rio Hondo's Neftali Estrada.
Want the whole story? Pick up a copy of the Port Isabel-South Padre Press, or subscribe to our E-Edition by clicking here.
Former Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal believes the club have become more boring under his successor Jose Mourinho, saying he would prefer to watch local rivals and Premier League leaders Manchester City in action.
During the Dutchman's two-year stint as United manager from 2014, the club secured fourth and fifth-placed league finishes along with an FA Cup triumph, but Van Gaal was regularly criticised for his negative tactics.
Mourinho's United won the League Cup and Europa League in his first season in charge but the Portuguese has been accused of "parking the bus" in big games, and Van Gaal believes the former Chelsea boss deserves more criticism.
"I would rather watch City play than United," Van Gaal was quoted as saying by the Mirror. "You need quality in a squad and it's clear City have a better squad.
"...And yet, right now, looking at United, I have to conclude Mourinho is not being criticised while it's far more boring football."
"What United produce now is defensive football. I always played attacking football... They don't do that now because Jose Mourinho plays so defensive."
City are on a record 14-game winning streak in the league while United, who finished sixth last season, lost 2-1 to their neighbours on Sunday to slip 11 points adrift of them in second position.
Van Gaal, who was sacked the day after his FA Cup triumph, clarified that he had no personal issues with Mourinho but hit out at United CEO Ed Woodward, saying that the 46-year-old did not openly communicate with him.
"I have more problems with the CEO, Ed Woodward. He never discussed anything with me -- and you can talk about anything with me," Van Gaal added.
"With all my experience, I know the unwritten laws of football. A club has to prepare for the future. I can understand that and they should have approached me. Ed could talk to me but he did not."
Tribune Content Agency
(C)2017 Tribune Content Agency, LLC.
Unlucky Louie may be the world's foremost proponent of Murphy's Law. He insists (for example) that no matter how long you shop for an item, the day after you buy it, it will go on sale somewhere for less.
When I watched today's deal in a penny game, Louie was declarer at four hearts, and West led a helpful ace of diamonds. Louie ruffed in dummy and counted 11 more tricks: five trumps, five clubs and the king of diamonds.
So Louie took the A-Q of trumps and led a club, and whatever can go wrong, will — and did. East ruffed, led a spade to West, ruffed the club return and cashed the king of spades. Down one!
UNLUCKY
“You can't deny that was unlucky,” Louie grumbled to me. Was he unlucky or unskillful?
After Louie takes the ace of trumps, he must overtake the queen with his king. West discards, but the contract is safe. Louie cashes the jack of trumps and leads a club to the king, guarding against a 4-0 club break. The defense can get only two spades and a trump.
DAILY QUESTION
You hold: ♠ A 9 3 ♥ 2 ♦ A 10 8 7 2 ♣ J 7 6 5. Your partner opens one heart, you respond 1NT and he bid two diamonds. What do you say?
ANSWER: A raise to three diamonds would not be far off the mark, but the hand has really become too promising for a chance-giving raise. Your best bid is two spades, showing spade values and a hand that your partner's second bid improved. If his second bid had been two clubs, you would settle for a raise to three.
North dealer
Both sides vulnerable
NORTH
♠ Q 10 7 6 5
♥ A Q 4
♦ None
♣ K Q 8 3 2
WEST
♠ A 9 3
♥ 2
♦ A 10 8 7 2
♣ J 7 6 5
EAST
♠ K J 4
♥ 10 9 6 5
♦ Q J 9 5 4 3
♣ None
SOUTH
♠ 8 2
♥ K J 8 7 3
♦ K 6
♣ A 10 9 4
North East South West
1 ♠ Pass 2 ♥ Pass
4 ♥ All Pass
Opening lead — ♦ A AMX-2017-04-04T09:03:00-04:00
John Mayer is no mere musician. He's also a self-proclained 'ladies man', an expensive watch connoisseur, a dispenser of skin-care advice, and, now...makeup tutor?
On Instagram Story Sunday, Mayer demonstrated how to properly apply a smokey-eyed look to one's orbital area. “This is where guys get it wrong: They go too heavy,” the singer says while applying the first layer to his eye.
“Notice how I'm impressing you with my light touch.”
Ummm...yeah, whatever you say John...
Click Here to see more.
ANTIGUA, Guatemala — This Sunday, it will be two weeks since Hondurans went to the polls to elect a president, all members of Congress, and almost 300 mayors in the impoverished Central American country with among the world's highest rates of murder, violence and corruption.
Still, there is neither a declared winner nor official results in that election, the eighth since the country returned to civilian rule 25 years ago.
Instead, there are protests, turmoil and a growing international recognition that democracy is not working well in Honduras and that this election was fraught with irregularities and possible fraud, according to press accounts and international observer groups including those representing the European Union and the Organization of American States.
“Hondurans are full of rage and grief,” said Honduras expert and history professor Dana Frank of the University of California at Santa Cruz. “Was it too much to ask that democracy be allowed to work in Honduras and that the Honduran people have a free and fair election?”
The major players in this latest dramatic chapter of Honduran history are the country's incumbent president Juan Orlando Hernandez, 57, of the right-wing National Party, and former sports broadcaster Salvador Nasralla, 64, an outsider who ran on an anti-corruption platform as the standard bearer of a coalition of center and left-wing parties known as the Opposition Alliance Against Dictatorship. Hernandez has been lauded by the Trump administration for decreasing the murder rate and reforming the police, but his administration has been plagued by charges of corruption, human rights violations, and abuse of power.
One of Nasralla's principal strategists and allies in the Alliance coalition is former President Manuel “Mel” Zelaya, who was deposed in a military coup in 2009 after supporting a non-binding referendum to amend the Constitution to allow re-election. Ironically, Hernandez supported Zelaya's ouster, yet in 2015, he hand-picked a Supreme Court which then lifted the Constitutional ban on re-election.
Honduran President Juan Orlando Hernandez gives a press conference in Tegucigalpa, Honduras, Tuesday, Dec. 5, 2017. Hernandez holds a narrow lead in the official results for the presidential election from the Supreme Electoral Tribunal, a count that his rival Salvador Nasralla has claimed was fraudulent and is refusing to recognize. Fernando Antonio / AP
On the night of November 26th, Hondurans waited anxiously for the Honduran Supreme Electoral Tribunal to announce vote results—expected three hours after the polls closed. Ten hours later, preliminary results of more than half the polling places showed challenger Salvador Nasralla leading by more than five points. According to Adolfo Aguilar, former head of the Electoral Tribunal, this was an “irreversible” trend. Yet after more delays in the electoral count, and an announcement that the Tribunal's computers had malfunctioned, the trend shifted in Hernandez' favor.
The presidential candidate for the Opposition Alliance against the Dictatorship, Salvador Nasralla, answers questions from the press after showing the results from the November 26 elections, which he claims show that he was the winner, in Tegucigalpa on December 5, 2017. ORLANDO SIERRA / AFP - Getty Images
Indignant Hondurans took to the streets to protest, leading the government to declare a national nighttime curfew, and to lift many constitutional guarantees. “I am not marching for any one party,” said one protestor, “I am marching for democracy in my country.” Human rights groups say the electoral disturbances and the resulting military crackdown have resulted in at least 13 deaths in Honduras, including two police and 19-year-old teenage girl.
The country's electoral tribunal said there will be a total recount of the disputed ballots, a decision that was supported on Wednesday by seven Latin American governments, though recent events have raised questions over how that it will take place.
Anti-government demonstrators protest during a government imposed dawn-to-dusk curfew in Tegucigalpa, Honduras, late Wednesday, Dec. 6, 2017. Moises Castillo / AP
In the midst of the election crisis, the U.S. State Department announced it was certifying the Honduran government as supporting human rights, paving the way for millions of dollars in U.S. aid.
In the nineteenth century, the writer O. Henry first used the term “banana republic” in reference to Honduras— referring to an underdeveloped and politically unstable country whose economy heavily depends on one agricultural product. These days, the Honduran economy is more diversified than in the days when Honduras was controlled by the United Fruit Company.
Still, over 60 percent of the population of nine million lives in poverty, and crime and gang activity are rampant, fueling a high rate of immigration to the U.S., including children and teens who were part of a surge of Central Americans crossing the border in high numbers several years ago.
Observers of modern Honduran history see the recent turbulent developments in the country as a reflection of its long history of military and oligarchical rule in which a few wealthy families have controlled the country's economic and political structures. In 2013 and in this election, new, more representative parties are making a bid for inclusion, as represented by the Alliance.
The question now, says Prof. Frank, is whether this democratic development will be allowed to continue.
“It's like democracy is not being allowed because as the traditional two-party system is breaking down, President Juan Orlando Hernandez has taken over all the reins of power— including control of the Electoral Tribunal," said Frank. "It's like the fox taking over the chicken coop.”
National and international observers will be paying attention to the recount and its aftermath.
FOLLOW NBC LATINO ON FACEBOOK, TWITTER AND INSTAGRAM.
Welcome to For The Win's weekly Snapchat/Instagram Story roundup where we watch a bunch of Snaps/IG Stories from around the sports world and collect the best/funniest/most entertaining ones here for you to enjoy.
This week's roundup starts with the Cavaliers just having a blast together. They seem to be getting along well with the additions of Dwyane Wade and Isaiah Thomas. One night, some of them tried out Wade's wine and another they went to cheer on the Indians.
Also included is an adorable note Candace Parker's 8-year-old daughter gave her after her mom lost the WNBA Finals, Steph Curry attempting (and failing) to golf in a racing helmet and Boban Marjanovic singing in the car.
1. Cavaliers trying out Dwyane Wade's wine
Apparently Dwyane Wade gave his teammates some free bottles of his wine, and they had fun trying it out. The cheers at the end of this is really great.
The Cavs are excited to drink free Dwyane Wade wine 😂 pic.twitter.com/NEk7mte9Lu — Alysha Tsuji (@AlyshaTsuji) October 1, 2017
2. Cavaliers at Indians playoff game
Just like they were last year, the Cavs cheered on the Indians in the MLB playoffs in Cleveland. LeBron James, Dwyane Wade and Isaiah Thomas were among the players there.
3. LeBron and Dwyane Wade candid Snap
These two are going to be fun to watch, especially because they're such good friends.
4. Candace Parker's daughter's note
Kids really are the best.
5. Steph Curry golfing in Lewis Hamilton's helmet
Nice try, Steph.
@stephencurry30 never drive & golf😂 #greatday #stephcurry @andre #missionhills A post shared by Lewis Hamilton (@lewishamilton) on Oct 3, 2017 at 5:02am PDT
6. LeBron and Dwyane Wade watching preseason basketball
LeBron James had wine and Dwyane Wade had his puppy — these are two of the best ways to watch sports games.
7. Klay Thompson loves China
The Warriors are in China. #ChinaKlay forever.
8. Isaiah Thomas calling out Celtics
This is a very good use of Instagram.
9. Insane ice bath cannonball
HOW DO YOU DO THIS WHEN IT'S SO COLD?
Ice bath cannonball pic.twitter.com/xahR9vI6bj — Alysha Tsuji (@AlyshaTsuji) October 6, 2017
10. Boban singing!
To see last week's best Snaps click here. Follow For The Win on Snapchat at ftwusatoday.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Plenty of people go to McDonald's week-in, week out and many ask the same question - where is the mayonnaise?
Whether your go-to choice is a Big Mac or chicken nuggets, there are a number of customers who will always feel like there's something missing.
The Golden Arches offer ketchup, mustard and a variety of other sources – but one condiment is conspicuous by its absence.
Maccy D's fans have complained about the lack of mayonnaise for years - "Why no mayo?" they rage on social media, furiously venting their condiment-related woes.
The global brand has never really given a sound answer as to why.
Well, Cosmopolitan have asked the fast-food giant the reason behind its alleged hatred of the white stuff.
Remarkably, McDonald's claim there is not enough "demand" for the nationally loved dressing, according to the Birmingham Mail.
A spokesperson said: "What we offer in our restaurants is based on customer demand.
"We don't currently have any plans for mayonnaise to be made available."
The unveiling of the mystery comes after McDonald's attempts to play Cupid this year by inviting couples to have a romantic night at some of their restaurants.
It is currently not known if this service is available in Croydon.
(Image: David Cook)
A McDonald's Facebook post said: "Book a table for you and your loved one this McValentine's Day right here, we are going all out providing the most romantic dining experience in history.
"We are offering three courses of McValentine's perfection for £20 per couple."
People who are interested can enjoy a time of 7, 8 and 9pm for their Maccy D's date night.
McDonald's added: "Email us to look at our menu or to book your table now to avoid destroying your chances of real “couple goals” this McValentine's Day."
To book up or for further information email customerservices@akhanmcdonalds.com.
GFF/Pele Alumini Frank Watson U15 League – EBFA James' hat-trick leads Herstelling past Swan Warriors, Friendship win as Grove stay at top
Shoran James banged in a hat-trick against Swan FC to lead Herstelling Raiders to their second win in three matches when the East Bank Football Association (EBFA) leg of the GFF/Pele Alumini Frank Watson U15 Intra Association League continued with day four action yesterday at the Grove Playfield.
The diminutive forward has now scored a total of 11 goals in three matches as they temporarily hold down the number two spot on the points table ahead of Agricola (both on 6 points) with a better goal difference of +13 to +3, Herstelling playing one more.
Grove maintained their hold at the top after surviving against Samatta Point/Kaneville in their 1-1 draw. On the day, there were also wins for Kuru Kururu Warriors which needled Timehri Panthers, while Friendship All Stars trounced Soesdyke Falcons 4-1.
Friendship and Kuru Kururu Warriors notched their first points of the league which will continue today with four more matches at the same venue form 09:30hrs when Grove match skills with Mocha Champs to be followed by Agricola playing Diamond United from 11:00hrs.
Herstelling Raiders will then oppose Diamond Upsetters from 12:30hrs with the main event of the day between Samatta Point/Kaneville and Soesdyke Falcons.
The feature game of the day turned out to be the shoran James show, his skills and agility being too much for Swan to handle. The Linden Soesdyke Highway (LSH) based side contesting their first tournament on the East Bank had needled Timehri in their debut match one week ago and were confident of taking down another of the seasoned teams but James would have none of that.
They kept Raiders at bay for almost the entire half but finally cracked when James dribbled two defenders before banging the ball into the back of the nets in the 31st minute to break the deadlock.
Swan continued to be a tough proposition for the Raiders in the second half but it was James whose magic doubled the advantage for his team in the 46th minute and tripled same in the 58th minute. Swan were able to pull one back in the 61st minute but lost the battle, 3-1.
The third match of the day saw Kuru Kururu Warriors, the other Highway based side that lost in their first two matches to Grove and Swan respectively rebounding to record their first points when they needled Timehri Panthers which had won their first match of the league against Soesdyke.
The first half was a goalless affair and it took a penalty in the second half to separate the two sides. Kevon Scott who was brought down in the area was the player to drill the shot past Ronaldo Blair in goal for the Panthers who muffed numerous chances during the match.
Friendship also eased into the point's zone with a comfortable win over Soesdyke Falcons, 4-1. Marlon Dey opened the scoring for Friendship in the 11th minute but that advantage was cancelled out in the 20th minute through a goal from Tyrone Burnette for Soesdyke.
Three unanswered goals from Alvin Heralall (49), Dey again in the 64th and Jaime France in the 68th minutes confirmed Friendship's 4-1 win which has taken them to the eight position in the 12-team league, just ahead of the Warriors; five teams are on 3-points with Samatta Point on 4 in fourth place.
Yesterday's opening clash between Grove Hi Tech, the current leaders and Samatta Point/Kaneville ended 1-1 with Samatta Point creating the most opportunities. Ray Richards netted for Samatta Point, while hi Tech's Captain Devon Padmore converted for his team.
Another epic day of action is anticipated today.
“The Dangerous Book for Boys” is set in Akron, Ohio — but its foundation was built in New Mexico during the run of “Breaking Bad,” shot in Albuquerque with star Bryan Cranston.
“I actually got the book from [‘Breaking Bad' co-star] Anna Gunn. She said, ‘This book reminds me of you,'” says Cranston, who co-created “The Dangerous Book for Boys,” with Greg Mottola. (The six-episode series premieres March 30 on Amazon.)
“It was maybe two years before we went off the air. The book was on my coffee table in Albuquerque. Sony came to us and said, ‘We own the rights to make this story. Do you guys have an idea?' It was in their drama department, at first, and I couldn't crack it.”
Several years later, Cranston was in Boston for a pre-Broadway run of “All the Way” (for which he won a Tony Award), when the idea of how to turn the book into a series suddenly hit him. “I was running around the Charles River on my normal every-other-day run and I couldn't figure it out, so I had to let it go,” he says. “As it is, many times in my life, when you stay focused on something, sometimes that's the blockage that won't allow the thought to come through. So I just let it go — and just then the [show's] structure and theme popped into my head and I ran home and I called [Mottola] and I said, ‘I've got it,' and I pitched him the whole idea.”
The gently comedic series is based on British authors Conn and Hal Iggulden's international best seller about three young brothers — Wyatt (Gabriel Bateman), Liam (Kyan Zielinski) and Dash (Drew Logan Powell) — who discover a tome called “The Dangerous Book for Boys” that was written for them by their late father, whimsical inventor Patrick McKenna (Chris Diamantopoulos, who also plays Patrick's identical-twin brother, Terry). Erinn Hayes (“Kevin Can Wait”) plays the boys' mother, Beth, with Swoosie Kurtz as their groovy grandmother, Tiffany.
“It's a ‘how-to' boy book — how to embrace boyhood, how to build a fort, talk to a girl, use a compass, learn about the rules of baseball, use an arrow head — boy stuff,” says Cranston. “The whole premise is that the father in this show knew he was dying and spent the last two years of his life constructing ‘The Dangerous Book for Boys' as a surrogate father because he knew he wasn't going to be around.”
The series was originally bought by NBC in 2014. “All four broadcast networks bid on it. We had them laughing and crying in the room and NBC stepped up and showed the most interest,” says Cranston. “They decided not to pursue it and I'm not quite sure why. I think they got cold feet a little because the central theme is that the patriarch of the family has died. They said, ‘Can't he not have died?' I said, ‘No. No. This is what it is.'”
[TV irony: NBC now airs “This Is Us,” the weepy melodrama about three siblings trying to come to grips with their beloved father's death.]
“If you're lucky enough that someone close to you has not passed away in your family then you know of someone … who was raised by grandparents or an aunt or uncle or only one parent,” Cranston says. “It's a very familiar construct, and we deal with death honestly and with real sentiment, real pathos, and yet we turn it and there's fun, adventure, happiness and hope.
“It's a beautiful story and a great series and I'm so excited about it because it truly is a family experience,” he says. “You can sit down with a 6- or 7-year-old on up and watch it, and I think everyone is going to get something out of it and feel great.”
The Bet McLean League Cup first round draw took place at Windsor Park this morning.
There were 20 teams from the Bluefin Sport Championship and Premier Intermediate League entered the draw to determine the four first round matches, and the 12 teams who will subsequently get a bye into the next round.
Those four ties were Lurgan Celtic v Armagh City; PSNI v Banbridge Town; Dundela v Knockbreda v Queens v Lisburn Distillery. All first round ties will take place on Saturday 4 August.
The remaining 12 teams - Annagh United, Ballyclare Comrades, Dergview, Dollingstown, Larne, Limavady United, Loughgall, Moyola Park, Newington YC, Portstewart, Sport & Leisure Swifts and Tobermore United - all received a bye into the next round.
All last season's Danske Bank Premiership sides and the top four from the Bluefin Sport Championship will enter the competition in Round Two (to be played on Tuesday 28 August).
Production designer Barry Robison splits his time between Australia and the U.S., and has worked on films ranging from the historically-set Hidalgo, to installments of both the X-Men and Narnia franchises, with Wolverine and Voyage of the Dawn Treader, respectively.
As the designer for director Mel Gibson's Hacksaw Ridge, he was once again doing historical recreation, whether it was the blood-soaked Okinawan ridge of the title, or the southern hometown of Andrew Garfield's Desmond Doss, the Medal of Honor-winning conscientious objector whose bravery unfolded on the battlefield with his personal rescue of dozens of wounded soldiers.
The difference for this recreation is that whether it was a Japanese island or the American southeast, Robison had to recreate it all in Australia. In an email interview from Down Under, he told us that they “built all the exterior battlefield field locations on a farm in Western Sydney. The night shots were all interiors shot on a soundstage in Sydney as were most of the interior sets.”
To make that farm accurately represent the field of battle, Robison “went the the WWII museum in New Orleans and used their facility to research the battle of Okinawa. The museum is a fantastic resource.” He also availed himself of the numerous online resources that document Doss' life and story.
Armed with the research, Robison and his crew designed what he called a “battlefield bowl,” replicating the ridge, or escarpment, itself. That allowed them to “take the best advantage of sun direction which was key for Simon Duggan, the director of photography. For Mel it gave him the freedom of 360 degree shooting. For our VFX supervisor, Chris Godfrey, the creation of the bowl made sure there would be no need for set extensions or rotoscoping during the battle sequences. With the combination of atmosphere (smoke) and the pyrotechnics we were able again, by using ‘old school' techniques, to create seamless action sequences which were exactly what Mel wanted from Day One.”
And “Day One” of production came pretty fast: “Pre-production was very short. We didn't have much money so we had to keep things tight. Mel is a master filmmaker with an encyclopedic knowledge of film. He had very strong ideas on how he wanted to shoot, (but) was very open and collaborative. We would talk about the battlefield, of course, how he wanted it to be ugly and intense. I suggested that we contrast the horror of war scenes with the softer look of the U.S. part of the film. I discussed this with Simon and we all agreed.”
As for those “softer looks,” many would be found in Doss' hometown of Lynchburg, Virginia. “I spoke with my Decorator, Rebecca Cohen, and we decided to keep the sets simple and abstract them a bit, boiling them down to essentials: color and texture as opposed to overstuffed with set dressing. It fit the period and the characters' personalities. I also brought Lizzy Gardner, the costume designer, into the mix so that we were all a united front in keeping the look or pallet of the film consistent.
Ultimately, Robison finds creating those pallets similar whether he's working on material from comics, fantasy lit, or history: “There is very little difference when it comes to the process of design. I was instructed early in my career by a master Stage Designer, Desmond Heeley, who said, ‘Do extensive research, look through books, photos and paintings. Soak it all in, then close the books, never open them again! Now you are ready to design. You will have absorbed the information and it will become your own.' That is the way I approach any project whether it's fantasy or reality, war or comedy.”
Or war as hell — wherein some “better angels” yet emerge.
It's been two years since Phil Kessel was unceremoniously traded from the Toronto Maple Leafs to the Pittsburgh Penguins. In those two years, Kessel has gone from being a punching bag to a two-time Stanley Cup champion and he's not about to let anyone forget it.
On Monday, Kessel had his traditional day with the Stanley Cup. He first went golfing, and then filled the trophy to the brim with hot dogs to enjoy.
A post shared by Phil Kessel (@phil_kessel_81_) on Aug 14, 2017 at 2:08pm PDT
Hotdogs taste better out of The Cup! #twotime #statestreetbrats A post shared by Phil Kessel (@phil_kessel_81_) on Aug 14, 2017 at 2:07pm PDT
Seriously, the man is nothing short of a hero.
To drive home the point, Kessel even added a biting caption to his Instagram post.
“Hotdogs taste better out of The Cup! #twotime,” he wrote.
Kessel didn't need to wait two years to make this hot dog joke, a direct reference to the infamous, fat shaming column by the Toronto Sun's Steve Simmons, but somehow its even better that he did.
When Kessel had his first shot with the Stanley Cup for a day, his grandmother chugged champagne from it. Somehow, this is much better.
DJ Steve Aoki never got a dime from his Benihana-founder dad During the past 10 years, EDM DJ, producer and artist Steve Aoki has performed solo at just about every arena and festival stage you can think of. But on Friday,...
Andy Cohen to Tori Spelling: 'Eat something!' The "Watch Watch Happens Live" star accidentally offended the "Beverly Hills: 90210" alum following an email exchange gone awkward.
Tori Spelling suing Benihana over hibachi burns The "90210" alumna says she fell into a hibachi grill and was hospitalized for her injuries.
Drink like a Mad Man at Don Draper's favorite NYC haunts A century from now, if people want to know how affluent Manhattanites lived, dressed and partied in the 1960s, they need only watch “Mad Men.” For seven seasons, Matthew Weiner's...
Benihana heirs try to stop stepmom from wasting inheritance Siblings Devon and Steve Aoki feel that their stepmother is wasting their $50M inheritance on cheesy gimmicks.
Benihana owner's widow to hire power lawyer The widow of Benihana founder Rocky Aoki is serving up another course in her long-running legal battle with her stepkids for control of the Japanese steakhouse empire. Keiko Aoki, who controls the international franchise...
Benihana founder's widow tries new tactic to regain fortune In a last-ditch effort to regain a slice of her late husband's $35 million restaurant fortune, the widow of Benihana founder Rocky Aoki is suing two stepchildren — model Devon...
Benihana founder's widow to work for stepkids The widow of the Benihana Japanese steakhouse chain — who lords over the $35 million eatery empire left behind by the late Rocky Aoki — will now be working for...
Your NYC location guide to 'How I Met Your Mother' When “How I Met Your Mother” first aired in 2005, Ted (Josh Radnor) was looking for the One, Barney (Neil Patrick Harris) was looking for just about anyone, Marshall (Jason...
Harley-Davidson Inc. teased a tuned-up turnaround plan to cope with a deepening slump in demand for the American motorcycle maker's bikes.
Harley will refine its road map for recovery and reveal “significant additional steps” this summer to improve performance, the company said as it reported the steepest drop in quarterly U.S. retail sales in five years. The shares were little changed at $41.03 as of 9:43 a.m. in New York, erasing a gain of as much as 5.1 percent.
Harley's U.S. Sales Slump Deepens Drop in first quarter was the steepest in five years Source: Company statements
“We are pleased to see management looking to potentially take more action and this turnaround is likely the focus of the stock now,” Joseph Spak, an analyst at RBC Capital Markets with a hold rating on the shares, wrote to clients Tuesday.
Chief Executive Officer Matt Levatich has been struggling to attract younger buyers in Harley's core home market and overseas sales have been stalling. The company is shuttering a Missouri plant and consolidating that production in Pennsylvania, shedding about 260 jobs in the process. It also was caught in the crosshairs of President Donald Trump's trade spat with Europe over U.S. metal tariffs last month, with European Union leaders threatening to tax imports of Harley bikes in retaliation.
“The growth opportunities are limited because you have interest in the hobby waning here and you don't have that possibility for expansion in global markets because your bikes aren't what people ride as commuters,” Kevin Tynan, a Bloomberg Intelligence analyst, said before earnings were released.
U.S. retail sales plunged 12 percent in the first quarter, the 13th decline out of the last 14 quarters. Motorcycle revenue beat analysts' estimates as shipments to dealers were in line with the company's forecast.
The allure of foodie fandom propelled Jaime Lewis' early career as a professional chef in San Francisco, but a chance encounter inspired a new calling in medicinal cannabis edibles.
“I wanted to be a culinary rockstar,” she told The Cannabist over the phone. “I love cooking for people and providing something that I made with love, and putting together things that taste good and are layered with a lot of depth.”
This joy of sharing her creations and the healing aspects of cannabis grew when she met a man with wasting syndrome while working in a San Francisco kitchen in 2006. The illness zaps calories almost immediately, causing the afflicted person to suffer involuntary weight loss and muscle wasting. On top of that, the medicine this man had been taking severely dwindled his appetite.
That's where Lewis came in. She decided to make him a pot of meatballs infused with cannabutter to help stimulate his gusto for eating again.
“He was very excited that he was consuming the food he wanted to eat, and he hadn't had meatballs like that since his mother had made them,” Lewis recalled. “Not only was he eating, but it brought some nostalgia to the experience.”
While watching the man eat, Lewis was struck with how happy he seemed, something she attributed both to the food and the medicinal aspects of the marijuana. But even as she rejoiced in his replenished appetite, a bit of anger crept into her mind.
“That was the experience that triggered it for me,” she said, speaking about her move to make edibles. “Why would anyone try to deny someone that experience, when it doesn't do any harm and it only adds benefit?”
From there, Lewis decided to use her cooking expertise and pair it with the healing potential of cannabis.
The entrepreneur left California for Colorado in 2009 to become the chief operating officer of a dispensary and to start her medical marijuana edibles company, Mountain Medicine.
Eventually she left that first job to concentrate on Mountain Medicine and its expansion in 2014. But, even as the business has grown, the idea of helping people through eating and partaking in cannabis has remained at the forefront of Lewis' mission.
Because of her work and personal experience, Lewis is a big advocate for edibles, both for recreation and medicinal reasons.
She touts the checks and balances that go into regulated marijuana products and notes that if you stick to a brand and item you like, then the dosage remains reliable because of said rules.
Lewis herself has benefited from cannabis and she loves ingesting it in food form. In fact, she says most of her personal cooking is done lightly under the influence, something she relates to having a glass of wine — only without the fuzzy head later.
“The thing that cannabis does is it checks you out of thinking too much about what's in the future and what happened in the past and allows you to focus on what's in front of you,” she says, adding that her usual dosage is 5 milligrams THC so she can keep a steady, but not-too-heady high. “Sunday is a luxury for me and the only time I really can cook. It's hard to text or be on the computer when you are in the kitchen.”
So, she puts on some jams, dances for her cat, nibbles on some weed-laced honey and whips up a special meal.
What might she cook?
“Well,” she says, “I love homemade pasta layered with a braised meat sauce like lamb with peas, rosemary and thyme. There are so many steps to creating this dish that it keeps me out of my head for a long time.”
Both the act of making the food and headspace she gets into help this chef appreciate cooking and eating more. Creating meals has been, after all, a big part of her life since her early 20s. Marijuana is just another aspect of the process that she enjoys and is happy to incorporate into the goods.
“There's something to say about making a meal from scratch and the connection to it that's more than just flavors,” Lewis says. “It's about fresh, living ingredients. Food is so important and we wouldn't be here without it.”
As for the sick man in San Fransisco, Lewis was sad when he passed, but happy to have helped his well-being. He never got tired of eating her marijuana meatballs, she said.
Declaring he was "more alive than ever", Neymar lived up to expectations in his first game for Paris Saint-Germain on Sunday.
The world's most expensive player by a long way, costing PSG 222 million euros, scored one goal and made one assist in PSG's decisive 3-0 in victory over Guingamp in France's Ligue 1, making him a justified man of the match.
"I'm very happy with the trophy [man of the match], but the most important thing was to win," Neymar said through a translator. "I knew it would be difficult to leave Barça but I'm very happy to be here. People believe that leaving Barça is like to die. But I'm more alive than ever. I'm very happy, and the football is the same."
Neymar transferred from Barcelona last week but missed the first game of the season against Amiens due to paperwork issues.
Playing on the left of PSG's attack against Guingamp, Neymar looked highly focused throughout the game, easily moving across the pitch up front and frequently adopting a playmaker role.
Standing ovation
There were pre-match festivities in the small Brittany town of Guingamp, including some fireworks. As Neymar jogged onto the pitch to warm up with teammates, pointing a finger towards the sky in his trademark gesture, he was jeered by some of the home fans.
But at the end of the match many local fans paid tribute to his performance with a standing ovation.
In what is widely considered a weaker league than Spain's La Liga, Neymar's vision, acceleration and through balls created difficulties for Guingamp's back four, while the former Barcelona star also showcased his signature dribbling style.
Neymar seems to have already struck up a partnership with PSG's other star striker, Uruguay's Edinson Cavani – an exciting development for the Parisian club. Both players found each other instinctively, despite the lack of space in the Guingamp box.
Marvel Studios(ATLANTA) — Tickets to see the highly anticipated film “Black Panther” are very hard to come by — even star Lupita Nyong'o couldn't nab opening night tickets and she's starring in it.
So when students at Ron Clark Academy in Atlanta found out they were going to see the film, they erupted into dancing to an instrumental from the “Black Panther” soundtrack in a now-viral video on Twitter.
“They flipped out,” Wade King, the school's director of curriculum and instruction, told ABC News. “It was like an explosion of just pure joy.”
King got the honor of telling the students Friday in their weekly school-wide meeting after he and fellow teacher Susan Barnes came up with the idea to marry the upcoming Marvel film with curriculum.
Students at Ron Clark will use the comic books to learn about imperial history, and African art. They'll even be using “Black Panther” in their math, science and gym curriculum, King said.
Before the kids found out their big surprise Friday, a few eighth-grade students opened their 30-minute meeting with an African-inspired spoken-word performance.
Now they're even more excited to learn about “Black Panther” in their curriculum, King said.
“Everyone was super excited. It was just very emotional,” he added. “It was awesome just seeing them super excited about it.”
Copyright © 2018, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
This school year went as quickly as it came. It's hard to believe, but the 2017-2018 academic year is nearly over. Once again, Ohio Valley Bank worked with area high schools to promote financial literacy through the OVB BANKit program.
The program, which was launched in 2010, reached students at Gallia Academy High School, River Valley High School and South Gallia High School in Ohio as well as Point Pleasant High School, Wahama High School and the Mason County Career Center in West Virginia. Approximately 390 students completed the program this school year.
OVB BANKit brings real life banking lessons through a fun, interactive format. The program also works as a game, where students compete to win cash prizes. It spans the entirety of the academic year or semester. At the beginning of the school year, students are presented with $100 in “buzz bucks,” the OVB BANKit currency. Students may elect to keep their buzz bucks in cash or place it in mock accounts, which include checking, savings, money market and certificate of deposit. In addition, students can choose to purchase and sell shares of Pseudosoft stock, the fictional OVB BANKit company. The overall goal is to have the highest portfolio total at the end of the school year/semester.
With every OVB BANKit session, which typically occurs on a monthly basis, students have the opportunity to work on their banking and deposit money into their accounts of choice. During this time, the importance of money management is stressed as students are also required to draw a Real Life Card. The Real Life Card may provide unexpected cash or could be a bill, which requires immediate payment.
In addition to the gaming portion, OVB BANKit features a variety of banking topics per session. Topics covered include:
1. Bank account types
2. Check writing as well as basic bank paperwork, including deposits and withdrawals
3. Credit/Credit Scores/Credit Reports
4. Debit vs. Credit
5. Budgeting
6. Identity Theft
Once again, this year's OVB BANKit program was competitive across the board. Students at all participating schools successfully completed the program, but a few stood out as the overall BANKit game winners. Each school winner received a $50 cash prize as a reward for having the highest portfolio total. Participating classes at each school also competed against one another for a special group prize. In addition, on the final OVB BANKit visit at each school students had a chance to test their knowledge with the Final Review Game. The game, which covered all of the financial topics discussed throughout the program, was elimination style that saw one winner from each class taking home a cash prize.
The following students were this school year's OVB BANKit winners:
1. River Valley High School (semester one): Hanna Davis
2. River Valley High School (semester two): Jacob McGhee
3. Gallia Academy High School (semester one): Tessa Skinner
4. Gallia Academy High School (semester two): Brooke Johnson
5. South Gallia High School: Desirea Davis
6. Mason County Career Center (semester one): Garrett Jeffries
7. Point Pleasant High School: Justin Brumfield
8. Wahama High School: Cass Kimes
Winners of the Final Review Game:
1. River Valley High School (semester one): Haven Kingery, Noah Patterson, Tyler Hess
2. River Valley High School (semester two): Joel Brumfield, Charlie Masters, Kalynn Sturgeon
3. Gallia Academy High School (semester one): Kaitlyn Williams, Caleb Dunford, Braden Jamora
4. Gallia Academy High School (semester two): Spencer Harris, Alexis Massie, Obsidian Reeves
5. South Gallia High School: Emily Oram, Jordan Alfman
6. Point Pleasant High School: Sherman Hart, Jacob Farley, Wyatt Dean, Grace Lee
7. Wahama High School: Kerrigan Blake, Cass Kimes
OVB BANKit is coordinated by OVB Financial Leader Hope Roush. For more information on the program, e-mail hdroush@ovbc.com.
Ohio Valley Bank, established in 1872, operates 19 offices in Ohio and West Virginia. The Bank's parent company, Ohio Valley Banc Corp., also owns Loan Central, a consumer finance company specializing in tax services and loans. Common stock for Ohio Valley Banc Corp. is traded on The NASDAQ Global Market under the symbol OVBC.
Submitted by OVB.
The U.K. isn't likely to sign a free trade deal with the U.S. anytime soon, and even when they do its benefits will be minimal, a former top U.S. Treasury official said.
Leading Brexiteers like International Trade Secretary Liam Fox say quitting the European Union frees up the U.K. to do trade deals around the world and are counting on a deal with the U.S. to make Brexit a success. Britain also wants to forge trade deals with Australia and New Zealand, and is working to adopt about 40 free trade agreements before the U.K. leaves the EU.
But Fox may be left waiting for some time as any U.K. deal will take a backseat to the U.S. renegotiation of the North American Free Trade Agreement, said Tim Adams, chief executive officer of the Institute of International Finance and a former U.S. Treasury undersecretary for international affairs under President George W. Bush.
Other Priorities Balance of exports means U.S. could prioritize other countries over U.K. trade pact Source: Bureau of Economic Analysis trade statistics, 2017
“The two economies are pretty much alike. There aren't many trade barriers now and they run a fairly balanced trade. So is there a benefit? Probably. Is it going to be huge for either side? I'm skeptical,” he said in an interview at the IIF's conference taking place in Buenos Aires Monday.
The U.S.'s policies on bleaching chicken and genetically modified crops would also clash with Michael Gove's promise of a green Brexit, he said. The U.K. Environment, Food and Rural Affairs Secretary, who's also a leading Brexiteer, has put animal welfare at the top of his agenda. Gove has already said Britain won't allow in imports of American chlorine-washed chicken as part of the post-Brexit trade deal it's seeking with the U.S.
“All those small, beautifully preserved farms and pasture lands and various production facilities, are they going to open it up to the U.S.?” asked Adams. “That's what the U.S. is side is going to want and it's hard for me to see any bilateral agreement the U.S. would sign where agriculture doesn't play an important role.”
— With assistance by Jill Ward, and Ye Xie
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Reading FC go in search of their third successive win when they take on Cardiff City on Monday evening.
Royals are unbeaten in their past four matches, which has included wins in their most recent two against Barnsley and Sunderland.
The Bluebirds will be one of the sternest tests to date, with Neil Warnock's side enjoying a fine season and lying in second position in the Championship table.
Here are all the key stats and information ahead of the big game.
When and where
(Image: Eddie Greville)
Kick-off is at 8pm at Madejski Stadium on Monday, December 11.
How to follow the game
getreading reporter Jonathan Low will be running a live blog throughout the evening with all the build-up starting from 6pm.
It is also being televised on Sky Sports and you can live stream the match with a Now TV Sky Sports pass.
Team news
Reading : George Evans, Sam Smith, John Swift and Garath McCleary are closing in on returns but won't be fit for this game.
Callum Harriott, Jordan Obita, Joseph Mendes and Stephen Quinn all remain out.
Striker Jon Dadi Bodvarsson is likely to be a substitute again despite impressing in recent games after coming off the bench.
(Image: Eddie Greville)
Cardiff City : Striker Kenneth Zohore is unlikely to be fit for the game.
Aron Gunnarsson and Nathaniel Mendez-Laing have also had knocks but should both be passed fit.
Managers' views
Reading assistant manager Andries Ulderink : "They are a really strong collective team. They work very hard defensively and with counter-attacks and set-pieces they are good at them as well.
"It's going to be a big challenge. We're a few steps further on than where we were at the start of the season so we'll have to see if we are up to it from a physical side.
"They play a bit differently to the teams we've played so far but we're looking forward to it."
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Neil Warnock : "Whoever we play we've got to have a plan.
"We can't just go out there willy-nilly, because Reading pass every team they play off the park.
"We've got to know what's coming and hope we can put a game plan together to get the right result."
Likely line-ups
Reading : Mannone, Bacuna, Moore, McShane, Gunter, Edwards, Kelly, van den Berg, Aluko, Barrow, Kermorgant.
Cardiff City : Etheridge; Manga, Morrison, Bamba, Bennett; Gunnarsson, Ralls, Damour; Mendez-Laing, Hoilett, Bogle.
Head-to-head
From the 66 games between the two teams in the past, Reading and Cardiff have won 23 times apiece, with 20 draws.
Royals won both games last season, 2-1 in the home fixture and 1-0 in the Welsh capital.
Prediction
Reading 2 Cardiff 0
poll loading What do you think the outcome of Reading v Cardiff will be? 0+ VOTES SO FAR Reading win Cardiff win Draw
Reading: 15/8
Cardiff: 7/4
Draw: 21/10
Officials
Stephen Martin takes charge of the game. He has produced 38 yellow cards and two reds in his 19 games this season.
The last time he was in the middle during a Reading game was the 1-1 draw with Hull City at the end of September.
Mr Martin will be assisted by Andrew Fox and Ian Cooper. The fourth official is Andy Woolmer.
Don't forget you can keep track of all the Reading FC news on the getreading website and through Jonathan Low's Twitter account @jonathanl50.
You can also stay up to date with news through Jonathan's Facebook page.
View 15 more events available today15 more events available today
Choose from our full range of coverage
* The latest in an occasional Hotline series on Pac-12 Networks executives. Previously: president Mark Shuken (parts one and two) …
Alden Budill was an executive for a major media company and living in Manhattan Beach in the summer of 2016 when a headhunter asked if she had any interest in joining the Pac-12 Networks.
Clearly, that's a hard pass — perhaps even a hard pass with a roll of the eyes and slight chuckle.
At the time, Budill was the Vice President for Distribution Strategy at Discovery Communications, where her primary focus was the Oprah Winfrey Network. She had no personal ties to Pac-12 executives, no background in sports media and oh-by-the-way a 10-minute walk to the ocean.
The Pac-12 Networks, on the other hand, were struggling to secure eyeballs and revenue, lagging their peers in the Big Ten and SEC and losing the narrative across the college football media world.
Why leave Oprah to get rebuffed by DirecTV?
But instead of dismissing the inquiry immediately, Budill let it cook. The more she researched the opportunity, the more enticing it became.
In fact, the less-than-stellar narrative shadowing the networks was part of the appeal: Budill became convinced she could make a difference working for a small company in a hot field (live sports) with content that carried a personal connection.
Budill grew up in the Bay Area, attended Stanford games as a kid and had her car radio permanently tuned to KNBR.
“My west coast fan DNA runs really, really deep,'' she said recently. “So on the selfish side, how awesome to have front-row seat to all that? Because it's so proximate and so poignant, I really believe in the fan loyalty and what it means to figure out how to tap into it.
“I was under no illusions that it would be easy. I did my diligence. I could see there was a chance to make a difference and a challenge that was worth tackling.”
Budill accepted the offer and, in the late summer of 2016, became the Pac-12 Networks' Head of Distribution. Her responsibility, according to the conference's news release: “Overseeing worldwide distribution of all Pac-12 Networks content across all platforms.”
She abandoned Manhattan Beach heaven, moved back to the Bay Area and stepped into the crosshairs of thousands of frustrated Pac-12 fans.
Three of those frustrated fans, it turns out, were her cousins.
“They're all Bay Area natives, and all three went to Arizona,'' she recalled with a laugh. “So the day the announcement came out about me taking the job, they said, ‘Awesome, we can't wait for DirecTV!'
“I said, ‘Hold up a minute, guys. I'm going to find solutions for you. Be patient. I'll find a way to get you the content.'''
Described by current and former Pac-12 employees as “one of the smartest people in the building, “always approachable” and “just good people,” Budill is a Harvard graduate with a master's from Stanford. She leads a six-person team charged with strengthening relationships with current partners and with, ahem, finding new ones.
Her story … her motivation for leaving Oprah behind and joining the Pac-12 … sheds light on a side of the networks often shoved aside by the scrutiny on the modest revenue and subscriber count.
“It was not a decision that was entered into lightly,'' she said. “I moved my family and left a great gig.
“I had always worked for really big companies (Disney, Discovery). To come into an organization that is relatively small, relatively nimble, where the work I do personally and team I lead and influence I can bring — it can have a direct and tangible impact.
“On one hand, it's ‘Oh, god, that's really scary.' On the other, it's, ‘What a great opportunity to do something that can really leave a mark.'
“There's the live element of content that, more than ever, is the thing people congregate around and talk about in real time. And you also have all of the stories and humanity that goes along with that.”
Distribution for an established network like the Pac-12, which turns six in August, is more long game than short. Budill's accomplishments thus far range from the palpable (carriage on fuboTV, expanded distribution on Cox and Charter) to the nuanced: Strengthening relationship with existing partners in advance of the expiring carriage contracts early in the 2020s.
“I have a lot of respect for the operational discipline it takes to put forth 850 live events a year,'' she said, referring to the Pac-12 Networks' annual broadcast total. “There's this incredible tonnage, and figuring out how to make the most of that is fascinating.
“I checked out the content and did the research on the quality and the product. I would stand the Pac-12 Networks up to companies with more resources and longer track records.”
As for DirecTV and her frustrated cousins, Budill did indeed find a solution: Sling.
“Would we love to have DirecTV? Absolutely,'' she said. “But our focus is on that slow and methodical build of value across our portfolio of partnerships — and doing that in parallel with evolving our content strategy to create a compelling product.”
Budill's personal story occupied only a portion of our conversation on all things Pac-12 Networks. Her answers were understandably brief on questions of contracts and partnerships but expansive — and deeply enlightening — on the media landscape.
In fact, Budill offered one of the most thoughtful statements-of-mission for the Pac-12 Networks that I've heard in many years. (See the question about misconceptions at the bottom.)
Highlights from the interview …
*** How would you frame the value of live sports against the larger media landscape?
“In a lot ways, sports is one of the most valuable beachheads in the media industry. That's not to say sports is immune from the headwinds impacting a variety of networks out there.
“I see two things: Aggregating an audience in real time, and sports is kind of the last and best way to two that; and when you look at true brand and network loyalty, sports is really uniquely positioned for that.
“Look at the way purveyors of scripted content have to compete out in the marketplace: It's harder and harder to bolster a network brand. Consumer loyalty, in my opinion, is increasingly to shows and specifics pieces of content more than to any network's brand.
“A diehard viewer of ‘Billions' might cycle in and out of Showtime when that is or isn't on the air, but that's not the case with sports. People are loyal to their sports and to their teams and to the rising fortunes of what's going on in the landscape.”
*** What feedback have you received from distributors in your 20 months with the Pac-12 Networks?
“In regard to potential partners, it's been very positive. We're coming to the table with an amazing tonnage of live sports, and that's an incredibly compelling thing to consider.
“We're also a smaller decision to make. If a particular network is looking to add tonnage to a potential offering, we're an option for them to consider.”
*** Is there room for the Pac-12 regional networks to grow their base, or are they maxed out?
“I would refer you to way Fubo carries us. Fubo carries the national in its base package and then all six regionals in their sports add-on.
“All of the new players in the marketplace have the ability to gear themselves to what the audience needs.”
*** Might the Pac-12 expand its streaming deals before football season?
“I don't think I can get that specific, but like I said earlier: A big part of our business is expanding our roster. But I'm not going to handicap it.”
*** Fans have been told that retaining 100 percent ownership allows the networks to be nimble, but how has that served the fans? Several key streaming services don't carry the Pac-12 Networks.
“If you look at what Hulu and YouTube do carry … we certainly are not alone among the networks not on those services. And let's remember that it's super early. Most of them have launched in the past year. They're trying to figure out what they want to carry.
“There will be a tremendous amount of evolution in how those product offerings take shape and what's the portfolio of content, and we're just at beginning.”
*** Is there a misconception about the networks in the media narrative?
“If I'm really being honest, it is sometimes painful to be consistently faced with the ‘Oh, they're so challenged' narrative.
“The Pac-12 Networks have turned a significant operating surplus every year, they've delivered on the mission to elevate the sports that never had been broadcast before, and they've represented those student athletes in a caring way.
“Because of our mission, we're obligated to be very cautious in the way we create content. The fact that we're able to do that and stand up such a good product and deliver an operating surplus — to me, that's a success story.
“Would we all like to be making more money? Of course. But I don't see it as, ‘We're challenged.' I see it as, ‘Wow, we have this amazing foundation to build from, to evolve into the next phase.'
“When you look at the trends in the industry, the narrative is that ratings are down, that TV is done. That's not true. With linear TV, with people on their couch looking at the big screen, yes that's down. But if you look at total content consumption and factor in mobile and tablets, it's up.
“The media day is expanding, so that's an opportunity, and it's incumbent on us and every programmer to find a business that is going to cultivate fans on the platforms where they live and make them viewers of our content.
“The ‘Pac-12 is challenged' narrative — I understand why it exists, but I don't see that from where I sit. I see lots of opportunity.”
Why we need your support: Like so many other providers of local journalism across the country, the Hotline's parent website, mercurynews.com, recently moved to a subscription model. A few Hotline stories will remain free each month (as will the newsletter), but for access to all content, you'll need to subscribe. The good news for Hotline faithful: I've secured a discount: 12 cents per day for 12 months. Click here to subscribe. And thanks for your loyalty.
Get Pac-12 Conference news in your inbox with the Pac-12 Hotline newsletter Sign Up
*** Send suggestions, comments and tips (confidentiality guaranteed) to pac12hotline@bayareanewsgroup.com
*** Follow me on Twitter: @WilnerHotline
*** Pac-12 Hotline is not endorsed or sponsored by the Pac-12 Conference, and the views expressed herein do not necessarily reflect the views of the Conference.
Here are some of the most interesting and powerful photo stories from across the internet.
While infrared photography is by no means new technology, this feature uses it cleverly as a way of including readers in understanding color blindness firsthand. Here, the use of infrared doesn't feel like a gimmick. As the story points out, “it's hard to understand something the eye has never seen” when talking about the challenges of discussing color to those who are color-blind. So by using this style of photography, the writer puts the reader in their position and lets us understand their world more. —Anna Mendoza, photo editor, BuzzFeed Australia
Photographer Kasia Strek's series My Choice Anyway examines the continuing difficulties women must surmount when seeking to exercise control over their bodies and health care decisions. Poland's strict anti-abortion laws and the ability for medical professionals to cite a "conscience clause," even in cases that would legally allow for an abortion, mean that women must travel hundreds of miles to Germany to seek one. The poignant images in this series invite the viewer into the incredibly private moments of Polish women who refused to have their choices disregarded. —Laura Geiser, photo editor, BuzzFeed News
Advertisement
Endia Beal's series speaks so many truths about why representation is vital — and the quotes reveal why assumptions can be devastating. Seeing these beautiful, ambitious women get ready for the office after leaving college starts to destroy the stereotypical notion of who should be in the C-Suite. —Kate Bubacz, deputy photo director, BuzzFeed News
This photo essay from photographer Erin Trieb chronicles two aspiring skiers looking to compete as Afghanistan's first-ever Winter Olympic participants. Trieb creates a portrait of two men focused on training alongside some of the world's greatest skiers in Switzerland for a chance on the big stage in Pyeongchang. While it would be easy to get sidetracked by the media opportunities and distractions that come with being history-making athletes, it's clear that what's most important to the athletes is changing the perception of Afghanistan as a land of terrorists and refugees for their fellow Afghans and the world. —L.G.
Another incredible use of infrared photography, Vladimir Migutin's photos illustrate the atmosphere, both when visiting Chernobyl now and back when disaster struck. Infrared makes an otherwise ordinary image of an abandoned place look like the end of the world, which in many was what the Chernobyl disaster was. —A.M.
Fans of architectural photography must check out Dezeen's post of Tom Blachford's photo series Nihon Noir. Blachford's images marry architecture in Tokyo from the metabolist period, with cool-toned, cinematic lighting and an eerie emptiness for results that look like they were pulled straight from the set of a high-budget Hollywood science-fiction film. —L.G.
We still have a long way to go to an equal society in any form, but these photos serve as a shocking reminder of what the civil rights activists and pioneers had to endure and overcome to get to where we are now. May we honor their legacy by continuing their work. —K.B.
Kate Bubacz is a Senior Photo Editor for BuzzFeed News and is based in New York. Contact Kate Bubacz at kate.bubacz@buzzfeed.com. Laura is a photo editor for BuzzFeed News and is based in Los Angeles. Contact Laura Geiser at laura.geiser@buzzfeed.com. Anna Mendoza is a photo editor for BuzzFeed and is based in Sydney, Australia. Contact Anna Mendoza at Anna.Mendoza@buzzfeed.com. Got a confidential tip? Submit it here.
News moves fast. Keep up with the BuzzFeed News daily email! Sign up Great! You're almost there! Check your inbox and confirm your subscription now!
More vehicles have been seized and warnings issued to riders as a Nottinghamshire Police operation continues to crack down on the illegal and anti-social use of off-road motorbikes and quad bikes.
Operation Incalculability is part of the force's drive to tackle the inconsiderate and dangerous use of such vehicles.
Nottinghamshire Police's Off Road Motorcycle Team, supported by uniformed officers, have been carrying out patrols in the Ashfield area, stopping and checking vehicles and identifying any offences requiring action.
On Sunday August 13 the operation targeted locations including the Annesley Woods area where officers issued two Section 59 warnings.
Officers also seized two cars and a motorbike on the Huthwaite Industrial Estate.
The bike, which was seized for having no insurance, is now set to be crushed by the Force.
Sergeant Carl Holland, of Nottinghamshire Police, said: "We've had a good amount of success so far with Operation Incalculability but we need more residents to help us clamp down on this nuisance by reporting incidents to us.
"If anyone has any information about people using off-road bikes then please call us on 101.
"We understand the frustration that these off-road bikes cause within our community and we will continue our efforts, in partnership with landowners, to crack down on this anti-social behaviour."
There are many depictions of a future in which we've mastered the art of manipulating the opacity of glass. Even in real life, sunglasses can adapt to the intensity of sunlight. So why, one might ask, can't we have that in our homes, or at work?
The wait may soon be over. The tinted world of tomorrow is coming, and airports–mini-cities of steel, concrete and lots and lots of glass–are interested. In a test last fall, Dallas-Fort Worth International Airport outfitted one of its gates with a new type of “smart glass” that can adjust for sunlight exposure. The obvious point is to keep travelers from getting overheated–but the exercise also brought a more lucrative benefit.
The test was designed to see if the product, called View Dynamic Glass, might improve passenger satisfaction along a small stretch of terminal real estate–specifically, gate seating at A28 and a burger restaurant's east-facing bar, one regularly torched by the Texas sun.
It turns out that a cooler, darker bar encourages an extra round or two. Alcohol sales soared 80 percent in October, compared with the same period in 2016, the installation of electrochromatic glass being the only difference. Alcohol contributed 17 percent of the restaurant's total revenue in October 2017, compared with 9 percent the previous month and 8 percent in October 2016.
The lesson was clear for the airport: Remove heat and glare from a glass-ensconced bar and people will dally longer, spending more.
For years, airport executives have analyzed the links between travelers' impressions and their spending, with terminal “dwell time” the critical link: People tend to hustle through New York's dreaded LaGuardia as rapidly as possible whle lingering in acclaimed venues such as those in Seoul, Singapore and Munich. Travelers who are relaxed after emerging from security tend to spend more money while waiting for their flights. As the fourth-busiest U.S. airport, DFW could benefit from this dynamic, its officials concluded.
“We definitely see the impact,” said Casey Norton, a DFW Airport spokesman. The restaurant had approached the airport about its lagging sales, he said, and “they hypothesized that it was too damn hot” for customers to stick around.
The glass used in Dallas is manufactured by View, a 10-year-old Silicon Valley company that targets commercial offices, hospitals, higher education facilities, airports and other places where customer satisfaction is a priority. French materials giant Compagnie de Saint-Gobain SA has a similar electrochromatic product called SageGlass.
The technology is intended to reduce light by activating internal shading and, by extension, reducing the ambient temperature. It works somewhat like the windows on a Boeing Co. 787 Dreamliner; a button to lower or raises opacity.
“We spend 90 percent of our time indoors,” said Rahul Bammi, View's chief business officer. “The things that really matter are light, air quality, temperature and sound. We impact at least three of those in a positive way.”
The study at DFW, conducted by a Cornell University design professor, also found that surface temperatures on seats and carpeting near the new gate glass were 10F to 15F lower, boosting dwell time by 53 percent over that at a nearby gate with regular glass. Spending around the cooler gate rose as well.
With their long warrens of glass walls, airports may seek to bolster revenues with this technology. View was, unsurprisingly, eager to help in the DFW experiment. “People have been studying green buildings for 50 years but there's never been a comprehensive study on dynamic glass,” Bammi said.
The additional revenue may come at exactly the right time for America's airports. Such glass could boost food and retail sales at a time when airports have been taking a financial hit. The rapid adoption of ride-sharing services has dented parking revenues, a massive source of cash for airports. Parking and ground transport accounts for about 40 percent of North American airport revenues, while spending on food and beverages is the fastest-growing portion of their concessions business, according to the most recent survey by Airports Council International-North America.
View's “smart” glass installations all have Internet protocol and electrical power connections to allow for minute adjustments and programming. “It's changing glass from essentially a dumb product to a smart product,” Bammi said. Privately held View doesn't release any financial data but said it's provided glass for 400 projects since 2012. It's also doubling the size of its production facility in Olive Branch, Mississippi.
The glass has been purchased by various companies and schools, such as Boston Logan Airport; Delta Air Lines Inc. (for a lounge at the Seattle airport); Duke University; FedEx, Levi's Stadium, LinkedIn and Wells-Fargo. San Francisco International Airport is spending $3 million for View's electrochromatic glass in the $2.4 billion overhaul of Terminal 1. In coming weeks, DFW plans to solicit bids for about 500,000 square feet of such glass to use in gate and concession areas with sun exposure.
Airports are just one of several markets “smart glass” makers are targeting. Beyond addressing human comforts, View pitches its glass to developers and others as a tool to lower heating and cooling costs by as much as 20 percent. Even with installation costs that are 20 percent to 30 percent higher than traditional glass, the expected energy savings over a building's life make the choice “a no-brainer” for many commercial projects, Bammi said.
Customer awareness of such glass products is slowly growing, but most people don't realize that the construction industry has begun adopting such glass, Bammi said. “The most common response we get is, ‘Why didn't someone think of this before?'”; he said.
"She had come across a photo of Dominic and me together and wanted to know how she could best support her son," explained Gilyard. "Even though she knew little about the LGBT community and feared how he would be treated."
The couple hopes that anyone who comes across their story walks away feeling empowered to "love fiercely and unapologetically."
State Parks police officers working under a Long Island boss allegedly had to “offer up” their wives to him to get promoted, according to a lawsuit.
Joseph S. Reyes, a high-ranking supervisor in the state Parks Long Island regional office, shagged one officer's wife and told the underling he had an “inside track” on a better position, which he got, because of the affair, a worker claims in court papers.
“Another officer who was up for the same promotion was told he would have gotten it if he had offered his wife to Reyes,” according to the Brooklyn Federal Court lawsuit.
The married Reyes, 56, was a rage-filled, steroid-using horndog, charges Laurie Beni, a civilian employee of the Parks Police who accuses Reyes of subjecting her to years of frightening harassment.
Reyes denied the allegations. Parks Police immediately put him on modified duty when the accusations came to light, a spokesman said.
Reyes allegedly slathered Beni in lotion while she worked in the office, and in another incident sent their coworkers home before locking her in a room with a massage table and trying to remove her bra, she claims.
He allegedly repeatedly threatened to write her up when she refused his advances, she said in the legal filing.
He told Beni he “was the king” and she “was the servant,” adding, “You are to obey me. If you're not on the same page, your head is going to roll,” according to the lawsuit.
Beni, who called Reyes' Suffolk County office her “personal torture chamber,” begged coworkers to interrupt if they saw her in there with him.
“Sorry, you're on your own. If we do that, he will cut our hours again!” they told her.
She once saw Reyes tear an officer's Stetson hat to shreds with his bare hands, claims Beni, adding that a mix of steroids and diet pills made Reyes “unpredictable and violent.”
“She was afraid of him,” said Beni's lawyer, Kristopher Dennis.
When allegations against Reyes surfaced, Parks Department bosses let Reyes retire early in June 2016 with full benefits, the attorney charged. Reyes raked in nearly a $132,000 in salary in 2015, according to SeeThroughNY.
“Basically he received no punishment,” Dennis said.
Beni is suing Reyes, the state and the state Office of Parks, Recreation and Historic Preservation for unspecified damages.
State Parks said it has “zero tolerance for sexual harassment,” and continued investigating Reyes even after he retired, eventually referring the case to the Suffolk County District Attorney's Office, which declined comment.
“All of the defendants are responsible for [Beni] being just another #metoo,” she said in the lawsuit.
Fortnite patch v3.6 is upon us, and it brings with it a ton of interesting changes to the most popular multiplayer game around. The biggest, and most interesting change is the addition of the clinger grenade, the newest grenade that will surely get you out of a sticky situation.
It's a grenade that sticks to its target, thanks to a plunger (yes, you read that correctly) that has a grenade attached to it. You can find the new grenade in Supply Drops, Floor Loot, Supply Llamas, and Treasure Chests scattered around the map.
The Fortnite Clinger grenade has an uncommon rarity, and it'll explode 2.5 seconds after it's attached to any target. It does player damage of 100, and structure damage of 200, with a 1 tile radius. If it's attached to a structure and that structure is destroyed before the 2.5-second timer (which will admittedly rarely occur), the grenade will detonate along with it.
Obviously, the addition of the Clinger in Fortnite's Battle Royale and Save the World does set itself up for some potentially awesome and hilarious kill montages, which we can expect to see hit the web by the end of the day.
Another change with Fortnite's 3.6 patch is the addition of the Noble Launcher in the Save the World mode, although, admittedly, you likely don't care about Save the World mode anyway.
Patch 3.6 also comes with a slew of other changes and bug fixes. For example, the minigun now has +10% accuracy and -10% recoil with an additional damage point added as well.
The Port-a-Fort also receives some much-needed improvements. Now, the trajectory preview will indicate if it will build with stilts and a ramp, and the trajectory will turn red if it's aimed too high. There will also be no more falling damage immunity after players bounce off of the fort's tires.
As far as bugs are concerned, there are a handful of bugs being handled with the latest patch. You can read about the bug fixes and take a gander at the rest of the patch notes here.
See Also
America's Recording Academy president Neil Portnow has denied Beyonce's losing out on the top prizes at the Grammy Awards was due to racial bias.
The Formation singer, 35, won the Best Urban Contemporary Album and Best Music Video prizes at Sunday's ceremony but lost to Adele in the prestigious Record, Song and Album of the Year categories.
With her unexpected loss meaning no female African-American artist has won in the Album of the Year category since Lauryn Hill in 1999, fans and musicians including Beyonce's sister Solange and St. Vincent have accused Recording Academy voters of being biased against non-white artists.
Sufjan Stevens burns the Grammys over @Beyonce snub https://t.co/xdflfjXR1G — Pitchfork (@pitchfork) February 14, 2017
Portnow has denied the claims however, saying that members of his organisation are experts who are unswayed by the race of an artist.
“No, I don't think there's a race problem at all,” he told Pitchfork Media. “Remember, this is a peer-voted award. So when we say the Grammys, it's not a corporate entity - it's the 14,000 members of the Academy.
Grammys' Portnow: "You don't get Chance the Rapper as Best New Artist if you have a membership that isn't diverse" https://t.co/N3BCb7Mxpn — Pitchfork (@pitchfork) February 14, 2017
“They have to qualify in order to be members, which means they have to have recorded and released music, and so they are sort of the experts and the highest level of professionals in the industry.”
Even Adele was shocked to beat Beyonce, whose pioneering visual album Lemonade was hailed by critics as one of 2016's defining cultural moments.
Defending the Academy's members from the accusations, Portnow added, “We don't, as musicians, in my humble opinion, listen to music based on gender or race or ethnicity. When you go to vote on a piece of music - at least the way that I approach it - is you almost put a blindfold on and you listen.”
The Recording Academy Chief cited Chance the Rapper's win in the Best New Artist category as evidence voters honoured musicians of all backgrounds.
He also denied his organisation needed a membership shake-up like the one the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences (AMPAS) chiefs embarked upon after no non-white actors were nominated at the 2016 Oscars.
“Well, they may have had a problem,” he explained. “We don't have that kind of issue in that same fashion.”
Lagos, a state in South Western Nigeria boasts of a population of over 20 million people. It is reputed to be Nigeria's fastest growing city and the commercial nerve of the country. The state is not with violence and terrible clashes in some parts of...
The Fallon County 4-H Fall Livestock Judging contest was held Sept. 24, 2017 in the Fallon County indoor livestock arena. Twenty-one youth judged seven different animal classes and gave three sets of reasons. Participants included: Novice – Hayden Lane, Jaxyn Lyson, Kennedy Lyson, and Jordan Paul; Junior – Kalob Bollinger, Chance Follmer, Chase Follmer, Austin Gaub, Kaytlynn Gaub, Jaeda Paul, Anthony Rios, Augustine Rios, Clay Rost, Cole Rost, Kinch Rost, Zoie Rost, and Jessica Stark; Senior – Taylor Bertsch, Jenna Paul, Bo Rost, and Jolyn Rost.
The high score judgers from each group included: Kennedy Lyson (Novice), Zoie Rost (Junior), and Jenna Paul (Senior).
The official judge was Beth Enos. This Fall Livestock Judging was hosted by the Country Cousins 4-H Club.
National leader of the Progressives Congress ( APC ) Bola Ahmed Tinubu has reacted to the launch of the Coalition for Nigeria championed by former President Olusegun Obasanjo. Tinubu stated that it was too early to respond to movement as every Ni...
Democrats say release of a controversial memo is aimed at disrupting a probe into alleged Kremlin links.
If you're one of the many people who think that eating healthy is expensive and doesn't taste very good, think again! Eating a healthy diet can be very simple and easy, as well as delicious! Read on for some easy tips on eating delicious food that's good for your body.
It is important that everyone consumes the appropriate amount of each nutrient the body needs to perform every day. Eating healthy foods is important, but making sure that you intake enough vitamins, minerals, sodium, and carbohydrates, amongst other nutrients, is vital to maintaining good health. Also make sure you don't consume too much of any certain nutrient.
Choose fruits and veggies for snacks instead of processed foods. Processed snack foods have very few vitamins, minerals and nutritional value, while fruits and veggies have essential nutrients. You can eat until full when eating veggies and fruits and get more nutrition than eating a smaller amount of processed foods.
Fish contain omega 3, which is essential for nutrition. Omega 3 fatty acids are an important part of the diet. If you are vegetarian or simply do not enjoy fish, flax seed contains a very good amount of these important nutrients. Adding a bowl or two of oatmeal and flax cereal or replacing a meal or two per week with fish can boost the amount of Omega 3 in your diet.
Every week, you should consume various kinds of protein. Focus on fish, lean meats and skinless poultry. Eggs make another great protein source. Researchers have learned that one egg a day has no negative effect on health. Have one day without meat every week. Substitute beans, nuts, peas, peanut butter or seeds in its place.
To help maintain a healthy lifestyle, try to increase your consumption of vegetables. Baby carrots are a quick snack and a great source of both vitamin A and C. Fresh vegetables are best, but frozen veggies hold their nutritional values better than canned. Salads are a quick and tasty way to get healthy greens, but don't go overboard on the dressing.
When considering a diet that provides an adequate nutrition level, be sure to start your morning out right with healthy foods such as fruits and whole grain muffins. This will ensure that you not only get all the nutrients you need, but also that you do not weigh yourself down early with unneeded calories. While deliciously tempting, avoid obviously bad foods such as doughnuts or danishes at all costs.
Next time you want a snack, grab a handful of blueberries. Blueberries are packed with nutrients that are vital to your body. They provide a high level of vitamin C. They also contain antioxidant properties that protect your cell tissue from being damaged by free radicals. Blueberries may also have potential benefits in the fight against cancer.
Be aware of what you drink. Avoid any drinks that contain alcohol or sugar, replacing them with water, low-fat milk or tea. Sugary drinks are packed full of empty calories that add no nutritional value to your diet. Drinking one sugary drink a day can cause you to put on unnecessary weight, and increases your risk of developing high blood pressure.
When you're making breakfast in the morning, why not skip the cold cereal and cook something hot instead? Most cold cereals contain a lot of sugar and artificial ingredients. There are plenty of delicious grains that make an excellent breakfast. Try oatmeal, wheat flakes or muesli for a healthy alternative to packaged cereal.
If you are looking for a tasty addition to your meal that will provide filling, choose beans. Beans are essential to help the flow of foods through your body, and have a lot of nutrients that are vital. Also, beans contain protein, which help to convert fat to muscle, reducing your weight.
Instead of subtracting foods from your everyday diet, try adding some healthy ones. Don't rid yourself of everything; just add a few more healthy choices such as: cherries, grapes or peas. You can also incorporate veggies into your soups and stews to add some healthy choices to your long term diet.
A great nutritional tip is to start eating dinners that are high in healthy fats. Fat takes a long time to digest and keeps us feeling full longer. This is beneficial at night because it can carry us through our sleep, without wanting to eat again or snack on anything.
Although fitness and nutrition are not the same thing they are in the same area - health. If you want to improve your overall health level you should consider exercise as well. This will actually help you to stay motivated about your eating habits as your body will start to crave healthier foods.
Buy a good blender to make delicious and nutritious fruit smoothies. Replace ice cream and other desserts with this sweet treat. Satisfy your ice cream cravings with a healthy fruit smoothie.
You don't need to be a food scientist or a nutrition expert, in order to properly understand the benefits of certain foods and how to get the most nutritional value out of your diet. You only need to read some great tips like what you've just learned here and make sure to use them to balance your diet.
With the epic failures of Android lines such as the Galaxy, it seemed like the path was clear for the iPhone to re-establish its dominance over the smartphone industry. But when Google announced it was releasing its Pixel smartphone, consumers deci...
Boy, 16, Murdered In Liverpool
A 16-year-old boy has been stabbed to death in Liverpool.
At around 9pm (Tuesday 3rd July), emergency services were called to Belle Vale Road after a report of a 16-year-old boy having been stabbed. He was taken to hospital where he was pronounced deceased around midnight. His next of kin have been informed.
A cordon remians in place while forensic, house-to-house and other enquiries continue.
Officers will remain in the area to provide reassurance to the community and to gather information.
Detective Chief Inspector Bev Hyland said: "We are in the very early stages of our investigation into this tragic incident in which a young life has been taken. We are working to try and establish exactly what happened last night.
"I want to appeal to anyone who saw the incident itself, or anything suspicious in the vicinity of Belle Vale Road, and the park opposite Woodholme Court, to come forward.
"We also want to appeal to anybody who stopped to assist and may not have yet spoken to police, and anyone passing through Belle Vale Road who may have dash-cam footage."
Anyone with information is asked to contact @MerPolHQ, call 101 with reference 1295 or @CrimestoppersUK anonymously on 0800 555 111.
Shares of Barracuda Networks Inc. gained in Monday's extended session after the security and storage company posted better-than-expected earnings. Barracuda reported its fourth-quarter earnings slipped to $3.22 million, or 6 cents a share, from $3.24 million, or 6 cents a share, a year ago. On an adjusted basis, the company earned 19 cents a share. Revenue rose 7% to $89.3 million. Analysts surveyed by FactSet had forecast earnings of 15 cents a share on revenue of $88.4 million. Barracuda shares rose 1.7% after hours.
Continue Reading Below
Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.
1:49 Marlins' Samson: This is our the first spring training in a long time without José Pause
1:50 Stanton, Hill talk about spring training at media luncheon
0:41 Crucial Presidents' Day weekend looms for Miami tourism industry
2:04 Protesters, supporters clash at President Donald Trump protest in Tampa
1:19 Trump says he gets along well with Japanese prime minister
2:23 Konpa champ Gazzman Couleur and dISIP play Hollywood Live
0:54 Cubans executed by Castro regime on display in the European Parliament
0:58 Wade on Riley: 'I have nothing to squash, I'm thankful for what we were able to build here'
0:35 Dwyane Wade gets thunderous applause when taking the court against the Miami Heat
Steve Bannon took an apparent jab at first daughter Ivanka Trump Monday during a speech rallying supporters of accused pedophile Roy Moore.
see also Ivanka sides with women who claim sexual assault by Moore While her father remains silent on Alabama Senate candidate Roy...
President Trump's former top political adviser was speaking to voters before a special Alabama Senate election between the GOP candidate Moore — who is accused of preying on underage girls when he was in his 30s — and Democrat Doug Jones.
“Mitch McConnell and Senator Shelby, and Condi Rice and all that, Little Bobby Corker, all the establishment out there doesn't have Trump's back at all,” Bannon said about GOP leaders who have wavered from Trump's agenda.
“There's a special place in hell for Republicans who should know better.”
The line from Bannon echoed a statement made by Ivanka Trump when the allegations against Roy Moore first surfaced.
“There's a special place in hell for people who prey on children,” Ivanka said last month when asked about Moore.
“I've yet to see a valid explanation and I have no reason to doubt the victims' accounts.”
Those who knew Stephen Paddock say they can't believe he committed that terrible act. And investigators have yet to identify any sort of grievance that might have motivated his crime.
Investigators in Las Vegas are sifting through evidence they've gathered from the homes of the man who sprayed a concert crowd with gunfire. They've begun to interview his girlfriend. They've learned quite a bit about Stephen Paddock's past and preparation, but there is still no explanation for why he damaged and destroyed so many lives.
Ken Russell is a retired wildlife biologist who lives in the same neighborhood where the Las Vegas shooter lived, in the sunny retirement community of Sun City Mesquite. That the carnage on Sunday night was carried out by someone living there was a shock, he said.
“This is a quiet neighborhood,” Russell said on Monday, as he walked among palm trees, cacti and houses of stucco and tile. “All of them up here in Sun City are quiet. People are too old to make any commotion.”
That was the first surprise for investigators: that a 64-year-old man, an apparently wealthy retiree, a former postal worker, IRS agent and government auditor, would commit mass murder. He doesn't fit the mass shooter profile.
Others in Mesquite spotted Paddock playing cards and video poker in the local casinos, betting and winning big, stopping in at the community center, or picking up coffee at Starbucks.
His younger brother also said he was puzzled by the rampage.
“He was a guy who took his little brother camping,” Eric Paddock told reporter Amy Green at NPR station WMFE in Orlando. “He was a guy who loved his women. He was a guy who played video poker. He was a guy who worked his ass off and made my family — helped make my family and my mother affluent. He was a guy who, you know, was nice to my kids.”
“That he did what he did, it just doesn't compute,” he said.
The shooter made millions in investments in real estate, according to public records in California, Nevada, Texas and Florida.
And he loved gambling and guns. Paddock had elite status at bigger casinos in Las Vegas, according to industry sources who insisted on anonymity to protect their jobs. Police say he bought dozens of guns and thousands of rounds of ammunition and explosives typically used for target shooting.
Three times earlier this year, he drove the 40 miles from Mesquite to St. George, Utah, to Dixie GunWorx, where gun seller Chris Michel found him more engaging than most.
“He came in and everything he wore, his demeanor, the person that he was, the openness, with his personality,” said Michel. “He was the guy next door that would, you know, mow people's lawns for you. He would be the guy handing out ice cream cones on the corner when the bus comes to a stop to the kids. He would be the one that all of us would have taken to the family barbecue and invited. He just, he was an open guy to us.”
Paddock easily passed the background checks he needed to buy a shotgun from Michel and other weapons from other dealers. So far, police have revealed no evidence of illegal possession of firearms. Some neighbors in Nevada, Texas and Florida who've spoken with reporters, simply say Paddock and his girlfriend kept to themselves, and didn't do anything alarming.
“He was very trusting to complete strangers,” said Sharon Judy, who lived next door to the home Paddock owned in Melbourne, Fla. She says he handed her a key, asking her to keep an eye on the house and borrow any tools she might be able to use.
“It's really scary to think this is a guy next door,” she told NPR's Pam Fessler. “Perfectly normal. On nobody's radar. Nobody's reason to think anything of any of it. And then all of a sudden he goes out and does something like this.”
Police are similarly puzzled. Clark County Sherriff Joe Lombardo said the shooting and the evidence gathered so far show meticulous planning by a disturbed and dangerous man.
Paddock used Airbnb to rent a condo in a downtown Las Vegas high-rise during a different music festival the weekend before he fired upon the Route 91 Harvest festival. And someone named Stephen Paddock booked a room at a Chicago hotel overlooking Grant Park during Lollapalooza there in August, though the hotel says no one by that name actually stayed at the hotel then.
“What we know is Stephen Paddock is a man who spent decades acquiring weapons and ammo, and living a secret life, much of which will never be fully understood,” Lombardo said on Wednesday.
The sheriff speculated that the shooter may have had an accomplice: “You've got to make the assumption he had to have some help at some point.”
The shooter's girlfriend, Marilou Danley, said she had no hints of the rampage. Her attorney, Matthew Lombard, read a statement from Danley, which said in part:
“I knew Stephen Paddock as a kind, caring, quiet man. I loved him and hoped for a quiet future together with him. He never said anything to me or took any action that I was aware of, that I understood in any way to be a warning that something horrible like this was going to happen.” “A little more than two weeks ago, Stephen told me he found a cheap ticket for me to the Philippines and that he wanted me to take a trip home to see my family. Like all Filipinos abroad, I was excited to go home and see family and friends. While there, he wired me money, which he said was for me to buy a house for me and my family. I was grateful, but honestly, I was worried that first, the unexpected trip home, and then the money, was a way of breaking up with me. It never occurred to me in any way whatsoever that he was planning violence against anyone.”
This apparent silence, the secret life, also defies another characteristic of mass shooters, says Dr. Reid Meloy, a forensic psychologist at the University of California San Diego Medical School. Meloy's research shows that some kind of grievance — big or small — can be a triggering event. The grievance can spiral into planning and preparing some kind of response.
“That's of course the mystery in this particular case is that there doesn't yet seem to be any grievance that's surfaced,” says Meloy.
The secretive planning and preparing for the response can end up overshadowing the grievance as it becomes its own motivation. And Meloy says research shows that mass shooters often fuel their excitement by telling somebody something of their plans.
“A number of studies have found that a majority of these individuals that carry out mass murders will communicate their intent to a third party before they do it,” he says. “There is at least one person that knows the path that this individual is on. There does not seem to be any evidence of that yet in this case which would be an anomaly.”
That's an assessment shared by the sheriff on Wednesday.
“Anything that would indicate this individual's trigger point and that would cause him to do such harm — we haven't understood it yet,” said Lombardo.
Four days after the shooter carried out his meticulous plan, investigators have learned some things about Stephen Paddock. But still not enough to make sense of his terrible crime.
NPR's Pam Fessler and Martin Kaste and WFME's Amy Green contributed to this report.
Copyright 2017 NPR. To see more, visit http://www.npr.org/.
Chinese live-streaming titans YY Inc. and Momo Inc. are among the best performers in the Asian technology universe. Yet investors say they still look cheap and have room to run, despite the uncertainty that pervades the nation's tightly policed media.
Live-streaming has exploded alongside mobile internet use and ultra-fast wireless adoption in the world's largest telecommunications arena. It's a phenomenon driven by the hundreds of millions who've migrated to cities from the countryside and -- seeking a human connection -- tune in daily to watch self-styled online personalities eat, cook and apply make-up.
That's fueled torrid revenue growth for the two players, which take a cut whenever viewers tip their favorite celebs: Momo doubled sales in 2017. Despite the real risk of a regulatory crackdown or burgeoning competition from the likes of Tencent Holdings Ltd. -- the original social media titan -- every analyst but two that covers the companies recommend buying in.
“It's very difficult for Western investors to wrap their heads around it,” said Dawid Krige, chief investment officer of Cederberg Capital, who holds YY and runs the top-performing Greater China stock fund over the past year. “Companies like YY have been able to develop very good software in real time to both be able to ensure compliance but aren't impacting the user experience.”
U.S.-listed Momo -- which started out as a Tinder clone -- has tripled over the past two years while YY's doubled. The former has outpaced every other company in the MSCI Asia-Pacific Information Technology Index in 2018. Yet both trade at price-earnings multiples well below their social media peers, and the Nasdaq itself. YY and Momo are at a mere 0.7 and 0.2 times price-earnings to growth, respectively, versus the 1.3 of Twitter-like Weibo Corp., according to data compiled by Bloomberg. Analysts' average 12-month targets suggest both still have at least 20 percent to rise.
Why Millions of Chinese Stream Reality Shows Starring Themselves
Still a Bargain? Despite a record rally, Momo and YY still look cheap compared with their global peers Source: Bloomberg
Chinese live-streaming dwarfs efforts by the likes of Twitter Inc. to popularize the medium in the U.S. Underscoring the potential, Tencent has invested $462 million in YY's games-streaming subsidiary Huya -- a prime driver of its user expansion. Momo too is hungry for growth, acquiring dating app Tantan Ltd. to complement its streaming services.
But Chinese live-streaming comes with unique risks, chief among them unprecedented competition: YY and Momo are among the largest of the hundreds of streaming services that at one point sprang up across the country, taking advantage of low barriers to entry.
Also, their perch atop investor wish-lists won't last forever. YY and Momo enjoy scarcity value because they're the only listed pure live-streaming apps, but several up-and-comers may debut soon. Beijing-based Inke is said to be raising hundreds of millions of dollars before a Hong Kong listing. Though Tencent owns a slice of YY's Huya, it's reportedly poured $630 million into Douyu, another potential debutante. Two media startups valued at more than $10 billion -- Kuaishou and Toutiao -- host more monthly active users than YY and Momo.
“The competitive landscape is going to be very fierce in 2018,” said Shawn Yang, executive director with Blue Lotus Capital Advisor Ltd. and the only analyst with a Hold rating on YY. While he's positive about its management and strategy, Yang warns that keeping fickle users hooked on social media is a constant struggle. “They're also finding it challenging to attract a new generation of young people. The core user's age for YY is 30 years old so that's a new challenge. Most of the young people go to Douyin and Kuaishou.”
YY declined to comment while Momo representatives didn't respond to requests for comment.
Star Wattage Dims Chinese streaming services have had a stellar run but there're signs engagement is stagnating Source: Analysys
Then there's the danger that Beijing, wary of the potential for media to undermine its authority, may curtail their growth. In 2017, regulators went after some services that became notorious for sexually-suggestive videos, spurring a ban on, among other things, women eating bananas. But some argue such aggressive policing actually helps the leaders.
“VCs and private equity players are quite sensitive to regulations so when the new rules kicked in, they immediately stopped giving certain funds to the live-streamers and that was a big blow to companies that had not listed,” Nomura analyst Jialong Shi said. “The market has yet to fully appreciate the growth potential for these two live-broadcasters and there's still room for growth in terms of both business and share prices.”
Read more: China Targets Live-Streaming Apps in New Apple Encroachment
— With assistance by David Ramli, and Justina Lee
I cannot recall a New Year's Eve that held so much uncertainty. In the United States we have an unstable, completely untested, novice about to take control of the most powerful government, economy and military machine ever created. You can almost hear Putin salivating. In Europe we have the emerging forces of the right who may unsettle the European Union. The United Kingdom has not been able to clarify its future outside the Union; Brexit remains an ill-defined threat to the future.
OnApril 6, 2016, James Spray, a white police officer in Gallatin, Tennessee, responded to a call about an eviction going bad. When he got out of the car, he encountered Laronda Sweatt, an African American woman, who was coming at him with a battle axe. He drew his gun as he backed up, shouting at her to drop the weapon. She continued to advance. He continued to retreat until stumbling into another squad car that had pulled up behind him. Back against a wall, he shot twice. She went down. It all happened in 11 seconds.
Just 20 months after protests erupted in Ferguson, Missouri over the killing of an unarmed African American man by police, what seemed at first like a similar injustice threatened to tear Gallatin apart. The small city of 40,000 was one of the last to integrate in the South and some of its African American residents, 15 percent of the population, have memories of those dark days. Leaders in the African American community recall a tense mood of sadness, anger, confusion, and questions. They immediately started pressing the police department and city government for answers.
“We wanted to know everything from A-to-Z: what happened, why it happened, could it have been avoided, did the officer act improperly and if so what would the consequence be?” said Pastor Derrick Jackson, who leads Gallatin's First Baptist Church, an African American congregation founded over 150 years ago by an ex-slave. “And we weren't going to accept what occurred without investigating it ourselves.”
What the investigation revealed is that Gallatin is not like Ferguson. Fast action by the town's police chief, its mayor and other leaders like Jackson turned what could have been a protest into a prayer vigil.
Gallatin considered the incident “prayerfully and proactively,” said Jackson. Nearly 100 residents and community leaders met in July to be together and to pray.
Here's the question: With racial tensions in America higher than they've been in decades, with civility in our public square in retreat, how? What makes Gallatin different?
The answer stems from the full story of Gallatin, a story that has been years in the making and will restore your faith in America. Gallatin—a town of Southern charm, a town of giving and charity, a town of faith, prayer and an earnest desire to do better—is our Nicest Place in America for 2017.
Photograph by Glenn Glasser
The Story of Gallatin
Founded in 1802, Gallatin is a farm-community-turned-suburb nestled against Old Hickory Lake in the Cumberland River valley. Subdivisions now bloom where crops once grew, ringing an old town square dignified by stately brick buildings and a regal county courthouse. Twenty years ago, it was a sleepy community of under 10,000 residents and downtown businesses worked hard to stay afloat. Now, nearing 40,000, Gallatin's 30-minute proximity to booming Nashville has given the town new life. Investors have moved in to develop downtown commercial real estate. Houses are springing up almost as fast as people from all over the country can move into them, and a hip new coffee shop in one of the town square's premier buildings, just renovated to accommodate a wide range of new commercial enterprises, is a symbol of what's become of this former small town. (Don't miss these 21 small towns, which are some of the nicest places to visit in the country.)
Content continues below ad
Like many towns of its size in the South, smiling and waving to passersby and rolling out the welcome mat to strangers is par for the course. But that's just a small part of what makes Gallatin the Nicest Place in America.
Today, Gallatin is fairly diverse, with about three quarters of the population white, about 15 percent African American, and the rest of mix of Latino, Romanian and Sudanese, the latter a community welcomed in the 1990s when Gallatin High was one of the only in the country to accept the refugees as students, many of them older and lacking in English skills.
Photograph by Glenn Glasser
New People, New Ideas
“Back in the day when I was coming up, it was a ‘know your place' kinda thing,” said Fred Bailey, the head of a local nonprofit that helps disadvantaged children learn life skills.
Bailey grew up as one of 15 children, his parents sharecroppers. He was born blind but went undiagnosed until the third grade. After a career at General Electric and as a wrestling coach, Bailey went on to found Children Are People, which has helped over 600 local children learn to work hard and build their personal characters.
“Now you've got people moving in here from New York, California, everywhere,” Bailey said, “and they exemplify Martin Luther King's attitude: judge someone by their character. Gallatin is about that now.”
Sons and daughters of the town are making an impact, too. Perhaps none more important than Police Chief Don Bandy.
A turning point for Gallatin was 2011, when Bandy was named chief. He replaced a predecessor who believed in policing by numbers and who stepped down shrouded in scandal and under investigation by state authorities.
Velma Brinkley, an African American activist and historian, recalls inviting patrol officers to the ribbon cutting for a new business her god-daughter was opening. She was floored when not only did they show up but Bandy came as well. They celebrated the opening of a new hair salon together.
“Years past, I would not have invited the police to anything, not to mention to a ribbon-cutting,” said Brinkley.
Bandy is hesitant to criticize his predecessor but has a different way of doing things. His strategy is to have his force get to know everyone in the community.
“When you make yourself friendly, you have a better chance of making a friend,” he said. “You have to go across the aisle and say, I want you to be part of us and I want to be a part of what you're doing.”
Bandy has his officers attend dozens of local events, and he is adding more every year.
Photograph by Glenn Glasser
Tragedy Shows the True Grit of Gallatin
Police work in Gallatin is not all cookouts and basketball games. Sometimes it's difficult moments, like when Officer James Spray pulled up in his squad car to the house of Laronda Sweatt on April 6, 2016.
Content continues below ad
Following the shooting, residents, leaders, and activists were on edge, saddened and angered by the death. The local district attorney immediately opened an investigation.
“I called the D.A. and said I wanted to release the [body cam] video,” Bandy recalled. “He said he wanted to do a press conference and I said, ‘this town can't wait for that.'”
The day following the shooting, Bandy called on the mayor, Paige Brown, and leaders in the African American community to view the footage. He told them that as soon as they saw it, he was going to release it to the public.
The raw footage is disturbing and hard to watch. Because it's from a body cam, it is from your point of view. The 11 heart-pounding seconds have been watched over 100,000 times on YouTube alone.
For a community like Gallatin, for America as a whole, there are questions we are still seeking to answer about the injustice of poverty and the difficulty of getting good treatment to mental illness for everyone who needs it. Laronda Sweatt, who had been a nurse and was “the best mother,” according to her daughter, suffered from bipolar disorder and was on medication. But the video and evidence gathered in an investigation following the shooting clearly showed that, in that moment, the police officer served to the best of his ability. Gallatin residents and community leaders, white and African American, who viewed the video all told Reader's Digest the same thing: the loss of life was heartbreaking, but the police officer did what he had to do in that moment.
The loss of life was heartbreaking, but the police officer did what he had to do in that moment.
What seemed like it might have been an injustice was merely tragedy. In responding to the local district attorney's decision to not press charges, Chief Bandy channeled the sentiments of the town in The Tennessean, “You still have a family that has lost a loved one [and] you've got a police officer that has taken a life in his line of duty. It's a very tragic and unfortunate incident.”
Then the town leaders did the only thing that made sense to them. They had a prayer vigil in the square. Nearly 100 residents, including 20 police officers and nine pastors, five white and four black, gathered to talk and to pray.
“Over the last few days, we've seen some tragic events unfold that simply devastated us,” said Tiffany Hammock, a Gallatin resident. “As I look into this crowd tonight, I am reminded that we are all called to be builders of our community. We have to start with respect. We all may be different, but we all feel the same—that we need to unite to make our communities safe and productive.”
Chief Bandy also spoke.
“We're trying. Are we perfect? No, we're not. But God has his hand on us, and we've got God-fearing people here,” he said.
It's a time and an event that all remember as bringing the town closer together. It was both a symbol of how far Gallatin has come and a catalyst for more progress.
Content continues below ad
“The prayer vigil brought a sense of peace to the community,” said Onnessia Head, a school teacher in Gallatin and an African American who is also active in the nonprofit community. “Seeing the cam footage, you put yourself in the position of the police officer. You feel for both sides.”
In Gallatin, there's a well-maintained church on every block. Prayer is how this community heals. Recently, Bandy was even asked to preach an hour at one of the African American churches.
“There was never a little blue book that told me what steps to take,” said Bandy. “We're servants and should have a servant's attitude. That's what Gshaod asked in the Bible. We're here to work for these people.”
Sounds good, but it's not just talk.
“He's a product of the community and that makes a difference,” said Head, the school teacher. “His kids go to school with my kids.”
Photograph by Glenn Glasser
Charity and Creative Kindness
In addition to Children Are People, Gallatin is a hub of nonprofit and charity work. The town is home to a Shalom Zone, one of 200 in the world and the largest, both by number of organizations served and physical size. The Shalom Zone's mission is to provide below-market rent for nonprofit offices and meeting spaces. Gallatin's Shalom Zone is located in what once was a high school reserved for African Americans only. The building no longer served a purpose following forced desegregation in 1971. Gallatin was one of the last places in America to integrate. Where there were once classrooms and teachers' lounges for a separated and subjugated population now are modestly renovated suites for non-profit workers, volunteers and those they serve.
“We acquired this school from the county 10 years ago for $1,” said P.J. Davis, the Shalom Zone's executive director. “We do career development, we have a mentoring program and we're a catalyst for other nonprofits in the area. We have 130 on our roster.”
A small corner suite serves as the modest headquarters of the Sudanese Youth Connection, an organization that helps the Sudanese community in Gallatin acclimate and get education. Its founder, Tut Rut, has been a Tennessee resident since 1995 when he fled government-sponsored violence in his village.
Beneath a poster of Martin Luther King and a small sign that says “Peace,” Rut recalled how attackers burned villagers alive and bayonetted the elders. Gallatin has welcomed the Sudanese.
“I'm so blessed,” he said. “The town is very good for us. I don't see any kind of discrimination. We feel like this is our home now.”
Residents who want to help come and go freely. One, Laura Riley, a transplant from New York who was born in Puerto Rico, is working on helping the local Hispanic community.
“I wanted to start conversations about a couple of things very important to me,” she said. “Education, nutrition, physical fitness and citizenship.”
Content continues below ad
Soon, the Shalom Zone will be able to welcome even more charity under its roof. Only part of the school has been rehabilitated. Studies are now being done on which parts of the building to invest in next. Davis walks the halls with pride, showing off the server room and new linoleum floors in a recently finished suite. A transplant from Akron, Ohio, Davis has pride for the town and how it's changing.
“We're seeing generational change. The generations are slowly changing,” she said.
A local teen generated nationwide media coverage last year when she raised thousands of dollars to make the Christmas wish of a mentally challenged child in the area come true.
Gabby Howell, 12, suffers from a rare disease that has limited her capacities and gives her seizures. When asked what she wanted for Christmas, she said, “A real school bus.” Jessi Smith, a student at Gallatin High and a former student of Amy Howell's, Gabby's mom, got wind of this and Operation Christmas Bus was born.
She raised money to buy an old bus that was rusting out in the woods. Then, with the help of her fellow students as well as folks around town, she renovated it into a playroom and hangout spot that any kid would love. On Christmas Eve, the bus was towed to the Howell's rural home, with Santa Claus at the wheel. Gabby ran to Santa, saying through tears, “I love you, Santa.”
Photograph by Glenn Glasser
The teens visit the bus regularly, checking in on things that need fixing, improvements that can be made, and spending time playing with Gabby.
“It was just so sweet,” said Gabby's mother. “To see that they want to give back like that—they don't want to do it for the glory. They want to do it because they love you.” (Read up on 21 other random acts of kindness that will truly warm your heart.)
This is all part of the new Gallatin, according to Mayor Brown, who nominated Gallatin for Nicest Place in America. Acts of kindness are the norm, she says. For instance, when a beloved local pastor was stricken with cancer, residents raised thousands of dollars. When area charities need transportation, a local business owner lends them the busses he rents to Nashville stars.
Today, Gallatin is a community that everyone takes pride in like never before. Police Chief Bandy has spent his whole life in Gallatin and he worries every day about living up to the pride of his neighbors.
“Being a part of this community, growing up in it, I don't want to let the citizens down,” he said.
With Gallatin and its new wave, “it's like night and day,” said Pastor Jackson, adding, “the beauty about Gallatin is that there is an attempt to do what others feel is impossible.”
Bill Hangley contributed to the reporting of this story.
View 15 more events available today15 more events available today
Choose from our full range of coverage
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) — A retired teacher in need of a lifesaving heart transplant will get a boost from his hometown.
Fred Blom taught fifth and sixth grade in Montevideo for 25 years. This summer, he and his wife Jeri will celebrate their 40th wedding anniversary.
But Blom has been dealing with a serious heart condition and doctors have told him he will need a transplant in order to survive.
“He's not only my husband, but my soul mate. His desire is to see our 7 grandchildren grow up,” said Jeri.
In response, the town that Blom taught in for a quarter century is literally opening its doors for his medical costs.
On Saturday, June 9, Montevideo will hold a “Main Street Day.” A percentage of store sales, along with food and entertainment, will be donated to the nonprofit “Help Hope Live” in honor of Blom.
As former students have heard about Blom's condition, they have been writing notes of encouragement.
One wrote, “I never used to like history until I was in your class.”
Another said, “I became a teacher because of you.”
Main Street Day will run from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. on June 9. There will also be face painting, line dancing, music, and a silent auction.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
According to Wilson County Emergency Management Agency director Joey Cooper, the wreck happened at about 7 a.m., and crews estimated the road would be closed until about noon.
Four vehicles were involved in the wreck, including the tractor-trailer. Two people were taken to Tennova Healthcare-Lebanon with non life-threatening injuries.
The tractor-trailer was hauled off by a wrecker service at 11:30 a.m., and the road was reopened.
Actor Johnny Depp sure knows how to play to the crowd.
Depp, in Vancouver to film his new movie Richard Says Goodbye , said hello to numerous kids at B.C. Children's Hospital on Monday dressed up as Captain Jack Sparrow, the character he plays in the Pirates of the Caribbean films.
He was reportedly there for a number of hours, going from room to room in his pirate paraphernalia and brightening the day for the pint-sized patients.
"He was never Johnny Depp, he was always Jack Sparrow," a hospital employee told Global BC.
#JohnnyDepp at the British Columbia Children's Hospital in Vancouver. ðï¸ (via IG katgootmusic) pic.twitter.com/5fqkUj7STq — Johnny Depp Pics (@JDeppPics) August 15, 2017
Some pictures of this beautiful man making kids happy ðð pic.twitter.com/Vf8RaENYsg — Johnny Depp Pics (@JDeppPics) August 15, 2017
#JohnnyDepp is the sweetest person in the world ð I'm really proud of him ðð pic.twitter.com/2acOfYxyet — Johnny Depp Pics (@JDeppPics) August 15, 2017
And this isn't the only time of late that Depp dropped into a local institution and greeted his fans. He was at Vancouver's Blackbird Public House on July 25, where his latest project was being filmed, and mingled with several excited Vancouverites.
mraptis@postmedia.com
twitter.com/mike_raptis
Babchenko explained that he had been part of a Ukrainian operation to thwart a Russian attempt on his life.
Gritsak said the attempted assassination of Babchenko had been ordered by the Russian security services.
"I would like to apologize for what you have all had to go through," Babchenko told reporters at the conference, according to Reuters.
"I'm sorry, but there was no other way of doing it. Separately, I want to apologize to my wife for the hell that she has been through," he added.
The national police had previously said that the Russian journalist, who has been a harsh critic of the Kremlin, had been shot in a targeted killing.
Russian journalist Arkady Babchenko attends Wednesday's news conference. Valentyn Ogirenko / Reuters
Babchenko was reportedly found by his wife bleeding at their apartment building in Kiev. Ukrainian authorities said she had called an ambulance but that Babchenko had died on the way to a hospital.
Police had said he had multiple gunshot wounds to his back.
Babchenko has been scathingly critical of Moscow's annexation of Crimea, the Kremlin's support for separatist insurgents in eastern Ukraine and the Russian campaign in Syria.
Before it was revealed that Babchenko was in fact alive, the Russian Foreign Ministry said in a statement that "bloody crimes and total impunity have become routine" in Ukraine.
Reacting to the revelation that the killing had been faked, Russian Foreign Ministry spokesperson Maria Zakharova posted on Facebook: "The fact that Babchenko is alive is the best news ... It's obvious that a propaganda effect was part of the plan."
Portraits of journalist Arkady Babchenko were hung by activists in front of Russian Embassy in Kiev, Ukraine, on Wednesday. Sergei Supinsky / AFP - Getty Images
Before becoming a journalist, Babchenko served in the Russian army and fought during the first separatist war in Chechnya during the 1990s. He later worked as a military correspondent for several Russian media outlets.
Some of his articles and posts have outraged many Russians. In one, he said he felt no regret about the deaths of Russian army choir members and others from a December 2016 plane crash as they were heading to perform before Russian troops in Syria.
Several Russian lawmakers even called for stripping Babchenko of his citizenship over that comment.
Babchenko left Russia in February 2017, saying he was receiving threats and concerned he might be jailed. He moved to Kiev last fall.
Follow @insidefutbol
Eddie Gray admits that Leeds United have bought potential in striker Tyler Roberts, but says he is sure the Whites will still want the 19-year-old to produce in the here and now.
The young striker joined Leeds for an initial fee of £2.5m from West Bromwich Albion on deadline day; the total figure could reach £4m if the add-ons included in the deal are all met.
Summer signing Pierre-Michel Lasogga has failed to fill Chris Wood's boots in attack, following the New Zealand international's departure to Burnley in August.
And Gray thinks although Roberts is one for the future, he believes the 19-year-old will have to produce goods in the present as well.
The 70-year-old went on to add that he is hopeful about Roberts not just strengthening Leeds squad, but the club's starting line-up too.
“I think the club are looking at the future with the boy, but he has got to produce now in the present as well”, Gray told LUTV, when asked about Roberts.
“He has the ability to make things happen and we need players like him in our side."
And Gray stressed it is important Roberts can slip into the starting eleven, rather than just making up the numbers in the squad.
“The players we are bringing into the club now, should not be just strengthening the squad, they should be improving the starting eleven.
“And hopefully, the boy can do that.”
Roberts, who is a product of West Brom's youth system, spent the first half of the season on loan at League One outfit Walsall, where he impressed and caught Leeds' eye.
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) - A group of cheerleaders received a warm welcome at Louisville International Airport Tuesday night.
The Eastside Middle School cheerleaders were greeted by their families as their flight arrived home from UCA Championships in Orlando.
Two Eastside teams competed.
MORE FROM WAVE3.COM
+ 4 couples find love working side-by-side at Amazon
+ Life-saving devices to be distributed in Hardin Co.
+ Nasty Gal closing Bullitt County warehouse
After months of hard work, both came home with national and world titles.
Cheerleading coach Carrie Debold said, “We push them but they push themselves to be in the gym to work hard for this competition. This is our big thing each year and this is what we work for.”
This is the second year in a row the Eastside Middle teams have won national championships.
Copyright 2017 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
The President of Miyetti Allah Kautal Hore Socio-cultural Association, Bello Abdullahi Bodejo has warned that they will resist any attempt to remove President Muhammadu Buhari in 2019. Bodejo warned that Nobody should try and remove Buhari, adding th...
The Gala Waterways Group is getting another work party together this Saturday to clean up a section of the riverside.
The team, which don their wellies and pull up their sleeves on a regular basis to improve the look of their town – and the scenic river that runs through it – for locals and visitors alike, are taking on another stretch of the river, and extra volunteers are made most welcome.
This Saturday, July 7, rubbish will be removed from the bed of the Gala Water and undergrowth will be cleared from its banks, downstream of the large car park on Currie Road.
Volunteers are asked to bring along secateurs, loppers, saws, gloves, wellies, waders and buoyancy aids, if they have them. If you are interested, you can meet up with the team in the car park on Currie Road (near the railway bridge) at 10am.
FRANKLIN, Ind. (AP) — An Indiana county is planning to install three permanent gates that can be used to close roads that frequently flood to prevent drivers from going into floodwaters.
Johnson County Sheriff's Office Chief Deputy Col. Randy Werden told the Daily Journal that his department has few options to make sure drivers stay out of floodwaters.
Werden said sections of County Road 250S, County Road 400S and Greensburg Road are all trouble spots during and after heavy rain.
He said if the new barriers keep drivers out of the water, the county could consider adding additional ones at other roads.
Werden said in past years that emergency workers have been called multiple times to assist drivers who have gone around barriers or simply moved them off to the side of the road. He said such actions are dangerous to both the drivers and the emergency workers helping them.
According to Werden, the new barriers will save time for deputies. They'll be able to close a road and return to paroling for other areas during a storm.
The barriers will cost up to $3,000, Werden said. He added that the goal will be to have the barriers installed in the next month, in time for spring rains.
Numerous vehicles became stranded in high water on roads around Indiana during flooding last month that resulted in the governor declaring a disaster emergency for 35 of the state's 92 counties.
A non-profit group for South Asian Americans said in a report that South Asian, Muslim, Sikh, Hindu, Middle Eastern, and Arab communities are the target of increasing levels of hate violence and xenophobic political rhetoric in the United States.
There were a record number of attacks on these communities since the election of President Donald Trump, South Asian Americans Leading Together (SAALT) said in a report released Thursday.
SAALT says it documented 302 incidents of hate violence and xenophobic political rhetoric on minority communities, most of which were motivated by anti-Muslim sentiment. This is a more than 45 percent increase from the year leading up to the 2016 election cycle, levels not seen since the year after September 11.
The report, "Communities on Fire," draws a direct line between the Trump administration's anti-Muslim agenda and increasing attacks. One in five perpetrators invoked President Trump's name, his administration's policies, or his campaign slogans during attacks, it claims.
The report notes that women who wear hijab or head scarves are particularly vulnerable, accounting for 63 percent of the documented hate incidents targeting women.
"Deadly shootings, torched mosques, vandalized homes and businesses, and young people harassed at school have animated an acutely violent post-election year," said Suman Raghunathan, Executive Director of SAALT. She called on the government to "break eye contact with white supremacy if our nation is to live up to its highest ideals of religious freedom".
by RTT Staff Writer
For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com
Political News
Share Article Facebook
Twitter
Email You are free to share this article under the Attribution 4.0 International license. Follow Futurity RSS
Twitter
Facebook
Newsletter
Focusing on how social norms are changing can help people change their own behavior, new research suggests.
“What leads people to overturn a status quo?”
Whether it be for the environment, one's health, or other important causes, convincing people to adopt new or uncommon behaviors can be difficult. One reason is that societal norms powerfully reinforce the status quo.
“One question we're interested in from a psychological standpoint,” says Gregg Sparkman, a doctoral student in psychology at Stanford University and the research's lead author, “is how social change happens. What leads people to overturn a status quo?”
Sparkman points out that although change usually happens slowly, it does happen, and perhaps more frequently than we notice. For example, seat belt use was once a nuisance, but now it's standard practice. Smoking in restaurants and other public places was once commonplace, but has declined.
The question for the researchers is what factors influence people to make those changes.
Eating less meat
Past research on how social norms influence behavior has focused on seemingly static views of how most people behave, according to Greg Walton, an associate professor of psychology and the study's senior author. Sparkman and Walton's research, however, tests how people behave when they think the norm is changing.
“Showing how norms are changing can give people a model of how they can change too, and lead to a circumstance where many people change,” says Walton.
The researchers conducted four experiments relating to meat consumption, a norm Sparkman described as “well-rooted, highly visible, and something you do every day in the presence of others.” It's also a norm that has a huge negative impact on the environment, as livestock consume large volumes of water and emit greenhouse gases.
In one experiment, participants from across the United States read two statements about eating less meat. One statement (static) described how some Americans are currently trying to eat less meat, while the other statement (dynamic) described how some Americans are changing and now eat less meat.
The participants who read the dynamic statement reported more interest in reducing their meat consumption than those who read the static one. Those participants reported anticipating that this change would continue into the future—leading them to conform to that future norm.
Another experiment tested people's likelihood to order a meat-based lunch. People standing in line at a university campus café read statements describing how some people “limit how much meat they eat” (static) or “are starting to limit how much meat they eat” (dynamic). Lunch goers who read the dynamic statement were twice as likely to order a meatless meal than those in the static group (34 percent compared to 17 percent).
An important aspect of these studies, the researchers say, is that participants were never asked to change their behavior, or even told the benefits of doing so.
“We didn't ask people to not eat meat or eat less meat,” Walton says. “They're just given information about change.”
Dynamic messages
The researchers also conducted an experiment involving conserving water during the recent California drought. They posted signs in laundry facilities at high-rise residences of graduate students with static messages (“Most Stanford Residents useful Loads/Help Stanford Conserve Water”) or dynamic messages (“Stanford Residents Are Changing: Now Most useful Loads/Help Stanford Conserve Water).
While there was no change in the number of laundry loads in buildings with no signs over the next three weeks, there was a 10 percent reduction among those who saw the static message, and nearly a 30 percent reduction for those who saw the dynamic message.
The next question, Sparkman says, is to see whether it is possible to apply this method to other sustainability initiatives like curbing electricity usage and promoting policy support for new laws, such as those to reduce the gender gap in wages.
“Dynamic norms may play a large role in social change,” Sparkman says. “Just learning that other people are changing can instigate all these psychological processes that motivate further change.
“People can begin to think that change is possible, that change is important and that in the future, the norms will be different. And then, if they become persuaded and decide to change, it starts to become a reality.”
The researchers report their work in the journal Psychological Science.
Source: Stanford University
Here's Joseph Alkana from PI Financial with your weekly look at the money markets.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
NLC condemns Buhari, APC over failure to deliver three million jobs
The Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC) has berated President Muhammad Buhari and the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) over their failure to create the three million new jobs they pledged in their campaign manifesto.
NLC President, Ayuba Wabba, in Abuja yesterday, in his New Year message, asked Buhari to present his scorecard to Nigerians after spending 20 months in the saddle.
According to the labour chief, the APC government at the centre made a clear promise in its manifesto to deliver three million jobs yearly. After 20 months in the saddle, it is perhaps time to ask the government to give its scorecard to the Nigerian people that went through a lot of odds to elect this government.
He asked: “How many jobs has the Federal Government and the 23 states controlled by the ruling party created in the last 20 or so months, in furtherance of its pledge to Nigerians during the electioneering campaign?”
While lambasting the government for remaining deaf to ideas on how to generate jobs and take the economy out of the woods, it observed with regrets that even after declaration N500billion social intervention fund, there was still no government agency specifically assigned the role of job creation.
The NLC hinted that its negotiation for minimum wage would be radically different from the past, saying the calculation of the new wage would be based on a realistic foreign exchange and inflation rates.
Wabba noted: “Since we submitted a written request for a new national minimum wage of N52, 000 per month last year, the purchasing power of Nigerian workers had further depreciated that individuals on the existing minimum wage of N18, 000 were barely able to make ends meet in 30 days. At the beginning of 2016, with the Naira at N197 to $1, the minimum wage was equivalent of $91.3. At N495 to $1 this has in twelve months depreciated to $36.3.
He also cautioned government against granting another N309 billion bonds to the electricity sector especially after the N213 billion granted in March 2015 did not translate into better power supply.
The labour chief also said the present administration was not doing enough to get the country out of economic recession. He maintained that nine months after the Federal Government organised an economic revival retreat, Nigerians were yet to see any concrete result and impact of government's plans.
This post was syndicated from The Guardian NigeriaThe Guardian Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
SAINT-LOUIS: French President Emmanuel Macron got a rousing welcome Saturday from tens of thousands as he visited the historic city of Saint-Louis, Senegal's former capital, and announced an aid package of 40 million euros for the UNESCO World Heritage site which is threatened by coastal erosion from the Atlantic Ocean.Senegal's second city was founded in 1659 and was the capital of the west African nation until 1957. It also served as the capital of French West Africa, as it was then known, between 1895 and 1902.Macron pledged 15 million euros ($18.6 million) to fight coastal erosion in the sleepy city, known for its beautifully coloured buildings and colonial facades.This will top up a 24-million-euro ($29.9-million) package from the World Bank to stem the ocean's advance.The French leader also separately pledged 25 million euros ($31 million) to preserve and renovate local landmarks, including the cathedral and colonial-era mansions."We have seen the coastal erosion, the fears, the walls that have fallen, the economic activities destroyed and the town slowly receding in the face of what some deny -- the effects of climate change," Macron said.Crowds thronged the city centre to cheer Macron and his wife, who flew into the city from the capital Dakar with their host, President Macky Sall and his spouse.They sang songs of welcome and held up portraits of the two leaders and the first ladies. Some held the French tricolour and the Senegalese flag.Macron and Sall waved to the crowd as they slowly drove into the city centre in an open-top limousine. Macron then walked around the Place Faidherbe, named after one of the most famous French colonial governors from the end of the 19th century."I am very touched by this warm welcome," Macron said.Once known as "Africa's Venice", some of the finest examples of Saint-Louis' architecture are crumbling.About 200 families have already lost their homes, several during the height of the storms of Senegal's rainy season in September.The neighbourhoods worst-hit are mostly inhabited by fishermen living on the "Langue de Barbarie", a thin sandbank that protrudes to the surface between the ocean and the river.Flood defence mechanisms have worsened the problem in the area, as well as making the river water salty, and debate is open over the potentially enormous costs of re-engineering the defences.Macron said the French development agency AFD would unblock 15 million euros so that a dyke could be built within a year to protect the inhabitants of the Langue de Barbarie.World Bank president Jim Yong Kim meanwhile unveiled a $30 million (24 million euros) programme to relocate 900 families, or about 10,000 people living in the most vulnerable areas, he said, covering "people who would lose their homes in the near future."He said although Africans had contributed little to carbon dioxide emissions, they were bearing the most devastating impact of climate change."They have to leave, we cannot stop the sea," Laurence Hart, the head of AFD in Senegal, told AFP.Saint-Louis' fortunes began to decline as access to its port became difficult in the age of the steamship and the completion of the Dakar-Saint-Louis railroad in 1885 meant that up-country trade effectively circumvented its port.After Senegal gained independence in 1960, Dakar became the capital and Saint-Louis slipped into a state of lethargy.As its French population and military departed, many shops, offices and businesses closed. But it still draws hordes of tourists and is known for its international jazz festival which takes place in May.
CALGARY — After a slow start, it looks like Sam Bennett has finally found his groove.
Bennett scored the winner with 1:10 left in regulation and Matthew Tkachuk had a pair of goals as the Calgary Flames came from behind for a 4-2 win over the Vancouver Canucks on Saturday.
On a determined individual effort, Bennett took the puck hard to the front of the net from the side boards and sent a backhand past Anders Nilsson, electrifying the home crowd.
“It was a big goal and I felt a lot of emotion there. After a tough start, it's definitely nice to get one like that,” said Bennett, who has three goals and eight points in his last seven games.
The 21-year-old, who has been playing alongside rookie Mark Jankowski and a combination of Jaromir Jagr and Garnet Hathaway, has been especially hot on home ice with points in each of his last seven home games (4 goals, 6 assists) at the Scotibank Saddledome. That streak began on Nov. 9 after he failed to pick up a point in the season's first 15 games.
“His game was trending in the right direction and now he's getting results,” said Flames coach Glen Gulutzan. “That's a real good sign for our hockey club and it's a great sign for Bennie.”
Tkachuk added his second of the night into an empty net as Calgary made it two games in a row that It's come back to win after trailing to begin the third period.
“When it was 2-1 headed into the third, we realized we had a little bit of a hill to climb, but some big goals from key players there and a huge two points,” said goaltender Mike Smith, who was playing in his 500th career game.
Troy Brouwer also scored for Calgary (16-12-2). The Flames move two points ahead of the Canucks in the Pacific Division.
Jake Virtanen and Brock Boeser scored for Vancouver (14-12-4).
“We played a good game. We're not getting the results right now but we've got to keep battling,” said Canucks centre Henrik Sedin.
Calgary pulled even at 11:34 of the third when Hathaway's alert pass found Tkachuk in the slot and the 19-year-old sent a backhander into the top corner.
“You never want to miss a game,” said Tkachuk, who returned after serving a one-game suspension. “I was pumped when they pulled out the win in OT in Montreal. I thought I owed it to the guys to play my hardest tonight.”
Vancouver broke a 1-1 tie on a power play with 55 seconds remaining in the second period.
Cutting in off the wing, former Flame Markus Granlund put a slick centring pass right on the tape of Boeser, who neatly steered in his 15th goal.
“I'm really pleased with his game. We knew he had a real goal-scoring touch and I know I keep saying it, but his play away from the puck is the part that probably impresses me more,” said Canucks coach Travis Green.
The impressive 20-year-old, who was the NHL's rookie of the month for November, has 10 goals in his last 12 games.
After Virtanen scored 2:02 into the game, Calgary pulled even at 18:28 on Brouwer's one-timer of a Curtis Lazar set-up on a two-on-one.
Smith made 22 stops to improve to 13-9-2. At the other end, Nilsson had 31 stops to fall to 6-3-1.
Sven Baertschi took a puck in the face early in the second and did not return.
Notes: Granlund played in his 200th career game… Nic Dowd made his Canucks debut after being acquired Thursday in a trade with Los Angeles…. Making his season debut for Vancouver was Michael Chaput, recalled from Utica (AHL) on Thursday… Del Zotto's assist was his 200th NHL point.
MINNEAPOLIS (AP) — Here's how lucky Chelsea and Courey Marshall are: They are going to Sunday's Super Bowl after spending the previous night in a luxury suite at U.S. Bank Stadium.
Courey Marshall, a graduate of the Naval Academy who spent five years in the service, and his wife, who works for a chiropractic practice, are Broncos fans from San Diego. So this isn't their first trip to the big game. In 2016, they were at Levi's Stadium to see Denver beat Carolina for the NFL championship.
Sure, their team and favorite player, now-retired Peyton Manning , are not on hand this year. And the couple had no plans to be in Minnesota in February.
Then Courey was notified — by Manning, of all people — that he'd won the Courtyard by Marriott Super Bowl contest. The prizes include two tickets to Eagles-Patriots, and also the opportunity to stay in the converted stadium suite on Saturday night.
“I've never been in a completely empty stadium, let alone the Super Bowl stadium,” he said. “And to have my wife with me, and to wake up on game day in the stadium, that's pretty special.”
Added Chelsea: “I can't imagine what it's like to wake up in the Super Bowl stadium with no fans there.”
They're about to find out.
The suite is on field level next to where the Patriots would run out of the tunnel before the game. It will be converted from the sleepover suite back to its original state well before kickoff, and the Marshalls will have prime seats near midfield.
Eli Manning was on hand this week to show off a replica of the suite and an omnitheater presentation that replicated the experience.
“You're right there in the dome and get to see all the behind-the-scenes stuff,” he said. “Then you wake up on Super Bowl Sunday right there. Has to be a wonderful experience.”
(© Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
“Me and my boyfriend [Austin Butler] were on a hike and wrote our names on a rock with another rock,” Hudgens said.
Delighted boss Steve Evans is challenging his Mansfield Town side to build on their win at Blackpool.
Matt Green hit his 11th goal of the campaign in the first half to seal an impressive 1-0 win.
Stags looked solid throughout as they limited Blackpool to few chances to claim their first win in six.
The win leaves Mansfield eight points off the play-off places with Steve Evans urging his side to cut the gap by building on the Bloomfield Road win.
“It's a satisfying afternoon. It was going to be tough with having two games in three days,” said Evans.
“We got luck with the goal today and got the win. Right up to the end of injury-time they didn't have a chance and that is commendable to my players.
“We edged out a tight game and controlled the game in spells. Jake Kean hasn't had a save to make and that shows what a good away performance it was.
“We have three points and hope and aspiration going into 2017. I was surprised how many travelled and the fans were fantastic
“It was wonderful to have that support and to give the fans a reward
“We have to built on this and not get too high. We are trying to build something very professional under John and Carloyn Radford.
“We are going to try and sign some people and have made two offers. We will see where they go. We have put two decent offers in.”
“We are trying to build something here and a structure at the club, that's from management down to staff.”
Evans also had special praise for Matt Green and new loan signing Ben Whiteman.
“Matt Green deserved his reward today,” added Evans.
“He was in danger ous going going ot the team, he knew that and he has raised his game and worked very hard
He covered as much the grass today as anyone and got his reward. I'm pleased for all my players
“All the players played their part. Ben Whiteman had a great game and was outstanding from 15 minutes.
“His vision was outstanding and he has a good future. He has to build on it and we cannot get carried away.”
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The Trump administration says protecting America's steel and aluminium producers is a matter of national security
European leaders are braced for US tariffs on steel and aluminium to go into effect, as negotiations over the issue draw to a close.
The Trump administration is planning to let a temporary exemption granted to the European Union expire, The Wall Street Journal (WSJ) reported.
It was due to expire 1 June, after an extension of the original deadline.
Officials from the US and EU have been meeting in Paris over the measures, which the US announced in March.
The WSJ said the administration's plans could still change. European leaders expect a final decision to be announced on Thursday.
European Commissioner for Trade Cecilia Malmström said she was not optimistic that Europe would be able to avoid some kind of restriction, whether tariffs or export limits.
During a discussion panel at the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development, US Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross said negotiations could continue, even with tariffs in place.
If the tariffs go into effect, the US would levy a 25% tax on European steel and 10% tax on the bloc's aluminium.
The EU is the world's second largest steel producer after China. An estimated 320,00 people work in the steel industry across the region.
How did this begin?
The Trump administration announced the tariffs in March citing the need to protect domestic steel and aluminium producers for national security reasons.
Certain countries, including the EU, were granted exemptions, pending discussions of trade terms.
The US has granted more permanent exemptions from the tariffs to some countries, such as South Korea, in exchange for limits on the exports.
When the White House announced the measures, the EU threatened to retaliate with tariffs on American imports such as orange juice, cranberries and bourbon.
China has already levied new taxes on $3bn worth of US goods, including wine, as retaliation for the steel and aluminium tariffs.
The real-estate firm controlled by the family of President Donald Trump's son-in-law and senior adviser, Jared Kushner, routinely filed false paperwork with New York City, declaring it had no rent-regulated tenants in buildings it owned, when it actually had hundreds, the Associated Press reported.
That allowed the company to move in and conduct extensive construction and renovation that tenants claimed was targeted harassment aimed at driving them out to clear the way for higher-paying renters, said the AP.
In one instance, the Kushner Cos. purchased three buildings in Queens in 2015, in which most of the tenants had some protection that barred developers from evicting them or raising their rents in an effort to turn a quick profit.
But the company ticked a box on construction-permit applications that said the buildings had no rent-regulated tenants, according to an AP review of the documents. Tax records filed a few months after that showed the buildings actually had 94 rent-regulated units. The Kushner Cos., which at the time was headed by Jared Kushner, sold the buildings two years later for $60 million, or nearly 50% more than it had paid.
“It's bare-faced greed,” said Aaron Carr, founder of Housing Rights Initiative (HRI), a tenants' rights watchdog that compiled the work-permit application documents and shared them with AP. “The fact that the company was falsifying all these applications with the government shows a sordid attempt to avert accountability and get a rapid return on its investment.”
HRI found that the Kushner Cos. filed at least 80 false applications for building permits in 34 buildings across New York City from 2013 to 2016, all saying they had no rent-regulated tenants, when tax documents showed there were more than 300 such units.
Read also: Ivanka Trump is a source of White House discord, CNN reports
Related: Kushner may have broken law with Trump campaign statement, ethics group says
Kushner Cos. responded to an AP request for comment by saying that it outsources the preparation of those documents to third parties, with review by independent counsel. “If mistakes or violations are identified, corrective action is taken immediately,” the company said.
Had the paperwork been filed correctly, it could have led to much closer oversight of construction crews, which could have included unplanned “sweeps” on site by inspectors to ensure tenants' rights were being respected.
Don't miss: Jared Kushner was warned by U.S. over Wendi Deng Murdoch and China
Current and former tenants of the Queens buildings told the AP that they were subjected to loud construction noise, including drilling, banging, dust and leaking water. At other buildings, tenants complained that construction went on at all times of day and night, which is against the rules in New York City.
A 67-year-old tenant in Manhattan's East Village said she had a knock on the door and the offer of $10,000 if she agreed to leave the building, which had been subjected to loud drilling in the middle of the night and become infested by rats because of the construction work. The tenant, Mary Ann Siwek, turned down the offer and instead sued the company, winning a year's worth of free rent and a new refrigerator.
See now: As Trump continues to attack, lawmakers warn against firing Mueller
New York City's rent-stabilization law was introduced in the period after World War II and aimed at ensuring people with lower-paying jobs could continue to afford to live in the city. For landlords, its restrictions cannot be overcome until the rent rises above $2,733 a month, a move that can take a long time as each annual increase is limited.
Filing false documents to the city's Department of Buildings carries a misdemeanor fine of up to $25,000, but it is regularly flouted. Landlords can receive a demand to file an “amended” form with the correct numbers. HRI found that the Kushner Cos. filed dozens of amended forms for the buildings in the documents, many of them a year or two later.
The Kushner Cos. is already being reviewed by the Securities and Exchange Committee for its use of the U.S. EB-5 investment-for-visa program, the Wall Street Journal has reported. The program offers green cards to immigrants who invest at least $500,000 in U.S. businesses that have been determined to create at least 10 jobs per investor. Most of the visas go to wealthy Chinese individuals, according to the Department of Homeland Security. Last year, Kushner's sister, Nicole Meyer, mentioned the EB-5 program in marketing materials targeting major Chinese cities seeking investment in Kushner buildings in New Jersey.
The AP report is the latest in a series of negative news articles about Kushner and his real estate deals. Last week, Sen. Elizabeth Warren and other Democrats said they are asking Citigroup Inc. C, -1.29% and Apollo Global Management APO, -2.77% about loans to the Kushner Cos. from the period immediately after Jared Kushner joined the White House, Politico reported.
In February, Kushner was stripped of his top-secret security clearance after months of delays in completing his background check. Kushner has repeatedly had to amend disclosures of foreign contacts that he initially failed to include. His dealing with foreign businesses in the Middle East have also come under scrutiny.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, -1.61% was down 1.2% in midday trade, while the S&P 500 SPX, -1.69% was down 1.4%.
1:14 First baby of the year gets name from the Bible Pause
0:37 Tax commissioner shows cramped quarters
0:40 Bob Denison volunteers to make the old new again
0:57 Police officer donates bike to help Warner Robins man with his daily commute
1:33 Chance Jones credits assistants for first-year success
5:44 Industrial Authority takes over bringing new industry to Macon-Bibb
0:54 Big week for Peach County standout
1:48 'She was a brave young lady,' Brooklyn Rouse's aunt says
1:16 Mercer engineering students create cool rides for kids with limited mobility
Joan Rivers' picks and pans from the theater scene Editor's Note: Michael Riedel is on vacation. Pinch-hitting for him is Joan Rivers, whose WE tv series, “Joan and Melissa: Joan Knows Best?,” starts its fourth season Saturday night at...
The kid from E.T. is all grown up Henry Thomas says he's still recognized by strangers — 30 years after playing the BFF of a memorably wide-eyed alien in Steven Spielberg's 1982 movie, “E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial.” They're just...
The viral power of one-word show titles What's in a name? When it comes to TV show titles, apparently, it's a very short story. One-word show titles are all the rage now. First there was “Revenge” and...
Don't miss: A preview of the week's top shows QUEEN OF SCOTS After spending a childhood safely hidden away in a monastery, a teenage Mary Stuart (Adelaide Kane) arrives in France where she has been sent to secure Scotland's...
ABC's soap ‘Betrayal' can't seduce viewers ABC's new prime time soap “Betrayal” is failing to seduce enough viewers. According to Nielsen, the drama declined in its second week to an audience of 4 million viewers Sunday...
Don't miss: A preview of the week's top shows ‘ARROW' RETURNS In the season premiere of “Arrow,” Diggle (David Ramsey) and Felicity (Emily Bett Rickards) travel to Lian Yu in search of Oliver (Stephen Amell), who left Starling City...
Agent sells $7.6M house — and later loots it: cops A real-estate agent sold an Upper West Side town house to the owner of an art gallery — then allegedly looted the home of more than $500,000 in high-end goods when...
The Rivers State Governor, Chief Nyesom Wike has declared that Rivers State will continue to work for the unity of the country, irrespective of the challenges along the way, saying that Rivers State has no other country aside Nigeria.
Wike stated this yesterday at the Government House, Port Harcourt, when he granted audience to Rivers State Indigenes of the 64th Regular Course commissioned into the Nigerian Armed Forces.
According to him, “we have no other country, other than Nigeria. We believe in the unity of this country.
“Conduct yourselves in ways that will not bring embarrassment to your family, your local government and Rivers State”, Wike charged the military personnel.
He urged them to be good ambassadors of Rivers State wherever they are posted, and assured them that Rivers people would always support them.
“I know you will not disappoint us. Be committed and work hard. You will make it in life. Work hard to protect the integrity of this noble country”, he said.
Wike advised the young officers to serve the Nigerian Armed Forces diligently, and be loyal to the service.
Earlier, spokesperson of the Rivers State Indigenes of the 64th Regular Course and Short Service Course commissioned into the Nigerian Armed Forces, Second Lieutenant Bright Chibuzor Nweke, had assured Wike that they will not disappoint Rivers people as they will work in line with the law.
He commended the governor for his great achievements within so short a time in office, and prayed God to grant the governor the enablement to continue to rapidly develop the state.
Chris Oluoh
Here Are The Questions Nobody's Asking Today We live in trying and confusing times. You might feel embarrassed to get the answers you need to understand what's going on. Don't worry. We don't feel emotions, so we'll...
'Will President Trump Give Us Free Breast Implants?' And Other Questions The world is a very confusing place to live in right now. Everyone's worried about ISIS and Donald Trump can listen to himself talk on every news outlet at all...
Will Seeing 'Mission Impossible' Make Me A Scientologist And Other Questions Here are all the questions our “friends” wanted to ask this week. You can't become a Scientologist just by going to see a Tom Cruise movie, can you? Featuring Myka...
How Long Before We Find Out Tom Hardy Also Hates Jews? Here are the questions no one had the guts to ask this week. (Don't break our hearts, Tom Hardy.) Featuring Myka Fox
Is Jeremy Renner Really Sorry And Other Dumb Questions We have this friend who is real who has a lot of questions that we wanted to ask on their behalf. Featuring Myka Fox
Need to Know: Oct. 6, 2017
Fresh useful insights for people advancing quality, innovative and sustainable journalism
OFF THE TOP
You might have heard: “The Internet is pushing the American news business to New York and the coasts” (Nieman Lab)
But did you know: ProPublica is creating the ProPublica Local Reporting Network, funding reporters in news organizations based in cities with populations under 1 million (ProPublica)
“Over the past several years, economic pressures have reduced the ability of local and regional news organizations to support accountability reporting. That's a challenge not just for journalism, but also for our democracy,” ProPublica says. To address that problem, the organization is creating the ProPublica Local Reporting Network. In 2018, ProPublica will fund one full-time investigative reporter's salary and benefits at six partner news organizations located in cities with populations under 1 million. Though the reporters will still work in their home newsrooms, they'll receive guidance from ProPublica, and their stories will be published by ProPublica, as well as their home newsrooms.
The smart way to start your day Each morning we scour the web for fresh useful insights in our Need to Know newsletter. Sign up below. Sign Up
+ Noted: The Atlantic's membership program launched on Thursday: The Masthead offers members access to members-only stories, priority access to Atlantic events, and opportunities to connect with Atlantic writers and editors (The Atlantic); Facebook's latest attempt to deal with fake news on the platform is a button that gives users additional context about a publisher in their news feed: By clicking an “i” button in the news feed, users will see an informational panel that includes a Wikipedia entry about the publisher, “which could help people know if it's a reputable, long-standing source of news” (TechCrunch); Google is paying publishers to work on “Stamp,” its own version of Snapchat Stories and Instagram Stories (Recode); At least six journalists were arrested in St. Louis earlier this week while covering protests (U.S. Press Freedom Tracker); The Membership Puzzle Project releases Membership Models in News Database, which includes the data the project has collected on nearly 100 news organizations with membership programs (Membership Puzzle Project)
API UPDATE
The week in fact-checking
As part of our fact-checking journalism project, Jane Elizabeth and Poynter's Alexios Mantzarlis highlight stories worth noting related to truth in politics and on the Internet. This week's round-up includes whether the government should regulate misinformation, resources on how to be a better fact-checker, and the relationship between social media and politics.
+ Applications are now open for API's paid summer fellowship program: Unlike summer internships, API's summer fellows work on a self-proposed fellowship project, in addition to contributing to API's other programs. Applications should be submitted by Jan. 7, 2018.
TRY THIS AT HOME
A prototype for stemming misinformation during breaking news events (MisinfoCon)
Deliberate misinformation spreads on social media during breaking news events by taking advantage of how social media algorithms work. Gabriel Stein proposes a prototype for how to stem misinformation during breaking news: News organizations could partner to create a cooperative site that “publishes automatically updating topic pages that link to high-quality coverage of breaking news events.” Stein explains that partners would agree to fact-checking and journalistic standards, and the website's topic pages would “automatically aggregate all coverage of the event from member news organizations.”
+ ICFJ has a new resource for sharing free tools created by Knight Fellows: tools.ijnet.org houses 30 tools and projects created by Knight Fellows, spanning from multimedia to data to training (International Journalists' Network)
OFFSHORE
Trinity Mirror Regionals' digital editor-in-chief: Readers are ignoring facts and heading straight to the comments (HoldTheFrontPage)
Allison Gow, digital editor-in-chief for Trinity Mirror Regionals, described a culture of “read the headline and then go straight to the comments,” which she says she's seen develop over the last two or three years. Gow says this has become one of the “great problems” facing the journalism industry. Gow says: “The thing that worries me particularly is actually the way that the public mood has changed towards news, the false news and the misinformation and the kind of ‘read the headline and then go straight to the comments' and the confirmation bias that has really started to become a big issue recently.”
OFFBEAT
‘Will chatbots become part of the consumer search experience?' (Search Engine Land)
Bing is testing chatbots in paid and organic search results, mostly in the Seattle area, using bots to help users make a restaurant reservation, for example. Could chatbots become part of our typical search experience? “If chatbots are to become a part of the consumer search experience in the future, agencies and in-house teams have to set expectations with brands about the level of resource and data integration requirements,” David Freeman writes. “We should keep a close watch on the direction search engines are moving, but at this early stage, this type of integration is more suited to brands with a healthy test-and-learn budget. For these brands, the test-and-learn process should not purely focus on search integration but rather how chatbots can be used to enhance consumer experience across owned, earned and paid channels.”
UP FOR DEBATE
What if the platforms are too big to regulate? (New York Times)
“Social-media companies aren't new to defending themselves in ideological terms — they're just not used to doing it on their home turf,” John Herrman writes. “It's very likely that any approach to regulating Facebook will look more like diplomacy than anything else — a cautious search for détente with an institution that ultimately gets to set its own laws, whether a government likes it or not. Indeed, the company has been presenting itself as a willing, generous participant in American investigations, but more generally as a supranational, self-regulating force for good, and, boldly, as indispensable for the continuation of democracy around the world.”
SHAREABLE
FiveThirtyEight asks: Does the media cover Trump too harshly, too much and too narrowly? (FiveThirtyEight)
In FiveThirtyEight's politics chat this week, its team discusses Pew Research Center's report examining how the media has covered the Trump administration this far, asking: Is this media covering Trump too much and missing issues, are news organization covering Trump too negatively, and are they covering Trump too narrowly in old narratives? “This whole chat reflects ways in which ‘traditional' models are broken. Although, I'd say less ‘traditional' models than contemporary ones. Traditional reporting isn't broken so much as the model centered on ‘winning the day' by building vapid narratives, which is a fairly modern invention,” Nate Silver says.
FOR THE WEEKEND
+ ‘Rupert Murdoch is the media's unlikely hero in the war against Facebook and Google' (BuzzFeed News)
+ How Politico found Tom Price's private jets: The story started with a tip back in May, followed by months of reporting that finally started to come together with a stakeout at Dulles airport (Politico)
+ “That time #Ramona made everyone smile for a few minutes”: A NPR social media editor accidentally posted something intended for his personal Facebook on NPR's Facebook, unintentionally creating an Internet phenomenon (NPR)
+ A profile of Alex Stamos, the security expert leading Facebook's internal investigation into Russia's political ads (Recode)
Future's follow-up to EVOL will be released Friday.
The project is titled Future.
I was preparing the feast. U walked away from the table too soon https://t.co/n1PFChLlyb — FUTURE/FREEBANDZ (@1future) February 14, 2017
He is also preparing for a world tour called the Nobody's Safe Tour with acts such as Migos, Tory Lanez, and Kodak Black, Young Thug, and A$AP Ferg for select dates. The tour will be coming to Darien Lake on the 24th of May. Listen to WDKX on how you can win tickets to the show.
WEST LAFAYETTE, Ind. – Center Isaac Haas had 24 points and 11 rebounds, and power forward Caleb Swanigan added 12 points and 17 rebounds, and No. 16 Purdue pulled away from Rutgers 74-55 on Tuesday night.
Purdue (21-5, 10-3 Big Ten) led only 45-39 with just over 12:30Ã Â remaining, but from theÃ Â 11:15Ã Â mark until he left the game withÃ Â 2:20Ã Â to play, Haas scored 16 points, and the Boilermakers pulled away for their fourth consecutive victory.
Nigel Johnson scored 23 points to lead Rutgers (13-14, 2-12), which had no answer for Purdue's big men.
Purdue struggled with turnovers in the first half (8) and led 33-26 through 20 minutes when Johnson was 5 of 6 from the field, including 4 of 4 from 3-point range, for 14 points, but the Scarlet Knights missed a chance to pull closer when the rest of their roster was 5 of 22 from the field.
Haas had eight first-half points for Purdue, and Dakota Mathias and Carsen Edwards each added six. The Boilermakers outrebounded the Scarlet Knights 23-10 in the first half.
MARCELINE, Mo. — If you love Disney themed parks, then you may have come across gussied-up variations of the quaint town of Marceline, Missouri.
The community of about 2,500, two hours northeast of Kansas City, was the hometown and emotional lodestone of pioneer Walt Disney. His boyhood remembrances of Marceline influenced such films as the 1949 live-action-cartoon “So Dear to My Heart” and “Lady and the Tramp” (1955).
When Disneyland opened in 1955, visitors entered the Southern California theme park through Main Street USA, an idealized rendition of downtown Marceline's Kansas Avenue of the early 1900s. Such Main Streets are at the gates of most Disney theme parks.
Main Street USA was where Disney's on-grounds apartment was located within Disneyland and where Coke Corner is modeled after Marceline's Zucher Building. A candy store is called Marceline's Confectionery. A nametag on a theater mannequin read “Tilly, Marceline, Mo.”
When Disney died at 65 in December 1966, his final unfinished project was an attraction in Marceline that would recapture his youth there.
The well-funded Walt Disney Family Museum in San Francisco covers the artist-tycoon's life from start to finish. But the small, simple affair in north-central Missouri is focused on Disney's formative years and his enduring ties to the area. The Marceline museum, which opened in 2001, owns roughly 3,000 Disney-related artifacts. It occupies Marceline's restored train depot. Locomotives also figure into many Disney theme parks: railroads were the lifeblood of small farming towns, the escape route to adventure and success, and the surest route home.
Museum director Kaye Malins was a longtime friend of Disney's younger sister Ruth. She told Malins she wanted her family's belongings to be housed in Marceline. Malins says Disney's daughter Diane once told her what Marceline meant to her dad: it was all he talked about — “the only years,” Diane Disney said, “when he could be a kid, to run free and roam.” It was at the Marceline grade school that Walt Disney was first exposed to the entertainment business. He had the title role in a class production of “Peter Pan.”
Disney and Marceline
Born in Chicago in 1901, Walt Disney was the fourth of five children of Elias Disney, a failed but ever-hopeful farmer, businessman and carpenter. Concerns about Chicago lawlessness prompted the family's move to Marceline and another go at farming in 1906.
The 40-acre farm lasted 5½ years; the Disneys then moved to Kansas City, Missouri, where Elias and sons Walt and Roy (eight years older than Walt) delivered newspapers. Walt learned cartooning, eventually became a commercial illustrator. He pursued cartoon animation and moved to Hollywood in 1923. Mickey Mouse came along in 1928.
Marceline was on the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway and a layover point on the route between Los Angeles and Chicago. Passing through, the successful Walt Disney would get off and revisit Kansas Avenue.
He did some filming there during a 1948 visit, but his first formal return came on Fourth of July weekend in 1956 for the dedication of a park and swimming pool named after him. He was accompanied by his wife, Lillian; Roy Disney, and Roy's wife.
This was a year after Walt expanded into television with “The Mickey Mouse Club” and into amusement parks with Disneyland. The Disney brothers wanted to unwind and see old stomping grounds.
But unlike the Hotel Marceline façade on Disneyland's Main Street, the hotel in Marceline was run-down and without air conditioning. Walt and his wife were instead lodged in the new house of local businessman Rush Johnson, where they occupied an 8-year-old daughter's bedroom.
Walt returned in 1960 — again staying with the Johnson family — when Marceline's new elementary school was named after him.
Walt's people had designed it and decorated it with Disney-character murals; the library was given copies of every Disney-produced educational book and film; Disney provided every classroom with a set of Encyclopedia Britannica.
Walt's nostalgia was tempered by seeing how modern times were changing small-town and rural life. He had the idea of creating an attraction honoring that disappearing time. Henry Ford had done this with Greenfield Village, in Michigan. Walt Disney, with his Mouse millions, would now do the same in Marceline.
It would be, Disney knew, an off-the-beaten-track labor of love. In his rough sketches — on display at the museum — he envisioned a fishing lake, a barn dance attraction and various bucolic draws.
There was to be a hotel and re-creations of an old-time butcher shop, barbershop, a general store, haberdashery, pool hall, an old service station and a coal mine. Activities for kids included a “buggy train, miniature golf and a horseshoes area.” The park would be built around the old Disney home place.
At the time, Walt Disney Productions was scouting Florida — not Missouri — for a lucrative second theme park. Disney was also aware that word of his interest in Marceline property would make its cost skyrocket. Through a personal corporation, Retlaw (“Walter,” spelled backward), Rush Johnson was authorized to quietly buy the old Disney place and adjacent properties. Retlaw purchased 200 acres, with options on 500 more.
The project came to a halt when Walt Disney died in 1966. Although he wanted his brother to proceed with the “Marceline Project,” the massive Walt Disney World project in Orlando consumed Roy Disney's last years.
Walt's Marceline idea was abandoned in the early 1970s.
Marceline present day attractions
You can get the vibe of Marceline at lunchtime at Ma Vic's Corner Café, known for its chili and a signature dessert — a sundae-like concoction called “The Dusty Miller.” It's on Kansas Avenue. Close by is Ripley Park, where pop Elias Disney, said to be a fine fiddle player, would play in band concerts in the early 1900s.
The 10,000-square-foot museum, hugging Marceline's train tracks a block away, is a spruced up two-story with displays about the Disney brood that lived there long ago.
Exhibits offer homespun insights on the lives of inseparable brothers Walt and Roy. Holdings range from family letters and Elias Disney's carpentry tools to 1930s Mickey dolls and a car from Autopia, an early ride at Disneyland that Walt donated to Marceline.
A permanent exhibit on the second floor goes into details of the abortive Marceline Project. Flyers provided at the museum show where to find Disney-related sites in the area.
Among them is the Disney Farm, open to the public. It includes a reproduction of the long-gone barn, based on a copy Walt had built on his California estate from blueprints of the Marceline original. (Farm boy Walt, according to local lore, was an adept hog rider.)
Near it is a 40-foot tree, an offshoot of the large, long-gone cottonwood young Walt called his “Dreaming Tree” where he would retreat to let his mind wander. It is near the old Disney homeplace.
When Rush Johnson sold off the Retlaw holdings after the Marceline project collapsed, he bought the original Disney 40 acres. The venerable Disney house still stands, now cocooned among additions. It is where Johnson's daughter — current owner Kaye Malins — raised her family.
Bill aims to keep parents in crisis from losing their children
JEFFERSON CITY, Mo. - A state lawmaker's effort to fight child abuse and keep children out of foster care is one step closer to becoming a law.
Senate bill 672 would allow parents to temporarily relinquish custody of their children without the state considering it an abandonment.
Parents in crisis could give power of attorney to agencies to care for their child as they recover.
The bill is sponsored by state Sen. Andrew Koenig.
"There's a group called Safe Families (for Children) and they'll take custody of these kids. All volunteers. It does not cost the state any money but what the bill does do, if you utilize a power of attorney to use a program like this, the state can't use that against the parents to take their kids away," Koenig said.
Similar bills have become law in 14 other states.
"It's designed to help families in crisis situations. Sometimes, you may have a family who has a medical emergency. Maybe they're addicted to drugs and maybe they go to prison and they just can't take care of their kids at that time," Koenig said.
To read the bill, click here.
By Reporter staff
The Essex boys cross-country team won the BFA-St. Albans invitational on September 30. Sophomore Henry Farrington picked up the win on the 5K course with a time of 16:25. He was followed closely by teammates Peter Alden (2nd) and Jake Wagner (4th).
Freshman Brady Martisus the closed the gap and finished 5th. Jake Moran (8th), Liam Mack (11th) and Zach Preston finished out the top seven for the Hornets. Farrington is undefeated in Vermont this season, and the Essex boys are undefeated against other state teams putting them in the No. 1 seed this fall.
Kim Kardashian made a lot of makeup fans happy last week when she announced that she'd be debuting a powder contour and highlight kit with her beauty line in the near future.
The reality star and makeup mogul took to social media to share teasers of the next big thing for KKW Beauty, and considering how quickly her crème kits sold out, there's guaranteed to be plenty of buzz about this new product. One beauty expert, however, has some skepticism about Kardashian's powder palette.
Umm… Kim what is going on with those new swatches?? 🍵 Looks like chalk 😒 pic.twitter.com/yCTZg2UhZu — Jeffree Star (@JeffreeStar) August 14, 2017
Youtuber Jeffree Star has some thoughts about the beauty line, Tweeting, “Umm… Kim what is going on with those new swatches?? Looks like chalk.”
Star followed up with these Tweets.
I'm never a fan of finger swatches so I'll have to try the @kkwbeauty on my face for a final verdict but… doesn't look great so far 😰 — Jeffree Star (@JeffreeStar) August 14, 2017
I have nothing to lose, honesty is more important than ass kissing https://t.co/AxQRmI3m5G — Jeffree Star (@JeffreeStar) August 14, 2017
Yikes!
CLOSE Video: Prosecuting 17-year-olds as juveniles (Lex Talamo/The Times)
Bart Lubow, a senior consultant to the Annie E. Casey Foundation. (Photo: Submitted)
In 2016, Louisiana legislators passed the widely popular, bipartisan Raise the Age Act to include 17-year-olds in the state's juvenile justice system. This marked a long overdue step forward for Louisiana, which is one of the few remaining states that automatically prosecute 17-year-olds as adults.
Raising the age, which takes partial effect in July 2018, has benefits for both kids and our communities at large: Youth prosecuted in the juvenile system are less likely to re-offend because they receive protections and supports that are unavailable in the adult system.
Vincent Schiraldi, an adjunct professor at the Columbia Justice Lab, former commissioner of New York City's probation department, and former juvenile justice director for Washington, D.C. (Photo: Submitted)
As explained in a recent Times article, this means that Shreveport will now need to accommodate more children in the juvenile justice system without more space to detain them. The only clear solution is to detain fewer children.
Fortunately, this is exactly what Shreveport and every other jurisdiction across the state should be doing.
Research shows that the more contact a child has with the juvenile justice system, the more likely he is to commit another crime in the future. Incarceration is particularly ineffective at reducing recidivism and can even increase re-offending, especially for low-risk children.
Raising the age in Louisiana presents a unique opportunity to tackle this problem head-on. By reducing its detention population, Shreveport can not only accommodate 17-year-olds, but can also reduce its recidivism rate and save taxpayer dollars. That means greater public safety for the Shreveport community and better outcomes for all children in the justice system.
The director of Caddo Parish Juvenile Services, Clay Walker, has already identified the most crucial step to safely reduce the population: stop detaining children who are not a public safety threat and support them in the community instead.
Last quarter, at least one-third of the children admitted to Caddo Parish's juvenile detention center were arrested for misdemeanors. If law enforcement and the courts divert these low-risk youth from the system, they can focus their resources on the most serious cases, rather than on minor misbehavior that can be better addressed at home or in the community.
Buy Photo Caddo Parish Juvenile Justice Complex. (Photo: Stan Carpenter / The Times)
Shreveport also can use this opportunity to rethink its response to children who violate the terms of their probation. Rather than detain these children, probation officers should examine why a child is out of compliance. Sometimes probation obligations are overly onerous; sometimes a young person simply slips up. If officials understand why a child went off course, they can help guide kids toward better decision-making.
Nine states over the past decade have raised the age at which juveniles are automatically tried as adults. When Connecticut, Illinois and Massachusetts did so, crime and detention plummeted — proof that we can improve public safety without increasing the use of detention.
As Mr. Walker rightly points out, Shreveport will have to maximize resources available in the community to meet the needs of vulnerable children. Community-based programs are proven to be more effective at getting kids back on track than incarceration. By connecting children to quality programs instead of funneling them into confinement, we can help young people thrive in their families and communities.
Raise the Age has presented Louisiana with a unique opportunity to re-evaluate and retool its approach to juvenile justice. Shreveport should seize this opportunity by right-sizing its use of detention and prioritizing its use of community supports. If it does, we will see better futures for at-risk young people, and more safety for the Shreveport community as a whole.
Vincent Schiraldi is an adjunct professor at the Columbia Justice Lab, former commissioner of New York City's probation department and former juvenile justice director for Washington, D.C. Bart Lubow is a senior consultant to the Annie E. Casey Foundation.
More on this topic
Youth offender influx: 'We'll have to do things differently'
DA, stakeholders battle truancy, juvenile crime
Caddo Parish director receives juvenile justice award
Read or Share this story: http://www.shreveporttimes.com/story/opinion/2017/12/11/why-we-must-prosecute-louisianas-17-year-old-offenders-children/934880001/
Your browser does not support iframes.
A man showed up to his local Waffle House in South Carolina late one night, when he couldn't get any help because the employee was sleeping. So, instead of being discouraged, he hopped behind the counter and made himself food. He also documented the entire thing on social media.
Sign Up For Our Newsletter!
Close Thank you for subscribing! Please be sure to open and click your first newsletter so we can confirm your subscription.
While Rickey Smiley seems to condone the man's efforts, Special K isn't too sure what he did was all the way legal. Click on the audio player to hear more in this funny exclusive clip from “The Rickey Smiley Morning Show.”
Listen to “The Rickey Smiley Morning Show” LIVE every weekday from 6/5am C.
RELATED: Mark Curry Wants To Take Juicy Out On A Date To Waffle House [EXCLUSIVE]
RELATED: Juvenile Allegedly Punches Waffle House Customer [VIDEO]
RELATED: Joseline Hernandez On Why She Won't Collaborate With Cardi B Just Yet [EXCLUSIVE VIDEO]
The Latest:
For the first time since 2013, Ollerton Town have won their opening two games of the season after a hard fought 3-2 win over Winterton Rangers on Saturday afternoon.
Kyle Clarkson put Ollerton ahead from the spot before Winterton's player-manager Paul Grimes levelled proceedings midway through the first half.
Kyle Ludlow netted as Town went back in front before Lewis Bingham scored a brilliant effort to seemingly put the game to bed before a late goal by Joe Edwards set up a tense final few minutes with Ollerton holding firm.
Winterton will feel like they had the best of the first half but despite being ahead in terms of possession, they never really tested Ollerton ‘keeper Ryan Brooks, a low shot from the edge of the box that was comfortably dealt with being their only real shot on target.
Ollerton themselves failed to pepper the Winterton goal but found themselves ahead from the spot. Josh Sunter was judged to have fouled Lewis Bingham when chasing down a through ball and the referee had no hesitation to award a penalty. Kyle Clarkson stepped up to take and he sent Jody Barford the wrong way to make it three goals in two games for him.
With Ollerton ahead at half time, both sides will have been looking to score next and it was Ollerton who nearly found the net again. Kyle Ludlow saw a headed opportunity saved before Lewis Bingham dragged a shot wide of the up right.
Winterton kept knocking at the door and their pressure paid off as they scored to level proceedings. Paul Grimes received the ball on the edge of the area and he spun his man before seeing his shot beat Brooks and nestle in the bottom corner.
A draw would have been a good result for Ollerton but they soon had eyes back on all three points as they retook the lead. Kyle Ludlow found himself with space in front of goal and he drilled a low shot first time into the corner with Barford helpless.
If Ollerton were dreaming of the win before, it soon began to look like a reality as they added a third in fantastic style. Lewis Bingham cut inside from the left wing and with the Winterton defender seemingly shepherding him away from goal, Bingham spun and unleashed an unstoppable effort which curled into the top corner.
As the clock ran down, Ollerton were looking secure but that all changed with two minutes to go as Winterton clawed one back. Ollerton will have been unhappy with the easy manner in which Joe Edwards was allowed to slot past Brooks from close range and it set up a tense final few minutes.
Ollerton's cause wasn't helped when they were forced to go down to ten, Sam West going off with a nasty facial injury after Manager Dave Winter had used all three substitutes.
Thankfully for Ollerton, despite some Winterton pressure, they managed to hold on for an impressive win which keeps them at the right end of the table in these very early stages of the Northern Counties East League season.
Sign up for Meridian's Free Newsletter, please CLICK HERE
President Dieter F. Uchtdorf, second counselor in the First Presidency of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, dedicated the Tucson Arizona Temple on Sunday, August 13, 2017, in three sessions, making it the sixth Mormon temple in the state of Arizona and the 157th worldwide. There are more than 423,000 Latter-day Saints in the state.
Completion of the temple occurs with the traditional cornerstone ceremony and dedicatory prayer. President Uchtdorf placed mortar around the cornerstone and was joined by others, at his invitation, to do the same.
“The temple is such a wonderful sign of light and of purpose, which is the purpose, which is heavenly, even the gospel of Jesus Christ,” said President Uchtdorf. “The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints is the place to find harmony between heaven and earth.”
Elder Gary E. Stevenson of the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles; Elder Lynn G. Robbins of the Presidency of the Seventy; Elder Larry Y. Wilson, executive director of the Temple Department; and Elders Benjamin De Hoyos and Kevin R. Duncan of the Seventy also participated in the dedication.
The announcement to build the Tucson Arizona Temple was made by President Thomas S. Monson at the October 2012 general conference.
During the three-week open house in June, more than 112,000 people toured the temple and viewed a video about temples and their sacred significance to members of the Church. Members of local government and clergies toured the temple as well.
On Saturday evening, thousands attended a cultural celebration as some 2,100 young Latter-day Saints presented the history of the Church in Arizona through song and dance at the Kino Veterans Memorial Stadium. The theme, “The Time Is Now,” encourages the youth to make a positive difference in their family. Each youth submitted an “I Will” statement, an individual commitment of how they will improve their lives because of the new temple.
“Take this as a new beginning,” President Uchtdorf encouraged the youth at the cultural celebration. “Start your own personal legacy in the church of Jesus Christ and in the gospel of Jesus Christ. Trust Him, because He loves you. He will help you wherever you go. He is your friend. He will give you direction and help whenever you need it.”
The Tucson Arizona Temple is set in southern Arizona's Sonoran Desert. The temple is influenced by the Art Deco style and reflects the desert landscape of the American Southwest. Drawing inspiration from its surroundings, the Tucson Temple is landscaped with red cactus flowers, ocotillo plants and prickly pear cacti. The influence of this foliage can also be found throughout the temple décor. A blue dome, constructed of imported tile from Germany and topped with an angel Moroni, completes the sacred and beautiful building.
Latter-day Saint temples differ from the meetinghouses or chapels where members meet for Sunday worship services. Temples are considered “houses of the Lord,” where the teachings of Jesus Christ are reaffirmed through marriage, baptism and other ceremonies that unite families for eternity.
NEW YORK (AP) — The Weinstein Co. has filed for bankruptcy protection with a buyout offer in hand from a private equity firm, the latest twist in its efforts to survive the sexual abuse scandal that brought down co-founder Harvey Weinstein.
The company also announced on Monday that it was releasing any victims of or witnesses to Weinstein's alleged misconduct from any non-disclosure agreement that would prevent them from speaking out.
In a statement, the company says it "expressly releases any confidentiality provision" to the extent that it has prevented anyone who "suffered or witnessed any form of sexual misconduct by Harvey Weinstein from telling their stories."
The Weinstein Co. says it has entered into sale agreement with Lantern Capital Partners, subject to approval by the U.S. Bankruptcy Court in Delaware.
Kentucky Mavericks organization is ceasing operations after the team's owner made the decision to stop operations in Owensboro, according to a team press release.
The release went on to state, the Mavericks organization is thankful to its fans, and the community of Owensboro. The Mavericks spent the previous four seasons in Owensboro and Shreveport, Louisiana.
We will update this story once more information becomes available.
Copyright 2017 WFIE. All rights reserved.
Marvel Studios(LOS ANGELES) — As Black Panther star Letitia Wright gears up for the release of the Avengers: Infinity War on Friday, where she will reprise her role of Wakandan princess Shuri, fans of the young actress are wondering if Shuri finally made it to Coachella.
If you recall in Black Panther, King T'Challa took Shuri to California to share his plans for opening up a community center in Oakland. Of course, Shuri had other ideas for her trip to Cali, hoping that her big brother would instead take her to the annual music festival in Indio, California.
“No, it did not happen,” Wright tells ABC Radio. “You know why I haven't been to Coachella? Because I'm here.”
Wright is referring to her recent press trip to New York, where she was promoting the upcoming Avengers. On the subject of Coachella, Wright says she did end up seeing “clips” of the performances, but still feels frustrated that she missed the big event.
“I'm working hard for Avengers, you know, we have…to get our work in and then we go to L.A.,” she explains. “Yeah, we're going to be in a room, while everybody is looking at Beyoncé or whoever else. But, I saw the clips.”
Wright admits she's still clearly upset at missing the infamous #Beychella, where Beyoncé made history as the first black woman to headline the music festival and paid homage to HBCUs with her performance.
“I'm mad like jealous right now,” she said. “So, we can change the subject.”
The good news is Wright is staying optimistic about the situation and looking ahead.
“Yeah, it's cool though. Next year,” she says.
No word on whether King T'Challa will officially be her escort.
Avengers: Infinity War hits theaters this Friday. Marvel Studios, like ABC News, is owned by Disney.
Copyright © 2018, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Senators on both sides of the aisle say they're concerned about the White House's vetting process for cabinet secretaries, after another nomination has fallen into turmoil.
Over the past week, members of the Senate Veterans Affairs Committee heard allegations against President Donald Trump's pick to run the Department of Veterans Affairs, White House physician Ronny Jackson. The allegations, according to several reports, include creating a hostile work environment, alcohol abuse, and overprescribing of drugs. The committee has delayed Jackson's confirmation hearing, which was originally scheduled for Wednesday.
Trump quickly nominated Jackson, a United States Navy rear admiral, with few top aides looped into the decision, which he announced on Twitter late last month. Jackson did not go through the full formal processes that usually take place before the president decides on a cabinet official — no interview, little vetting, or opposition research — to ensure a smooth Senate confirmation.
Jackson has been well liked by presidents from both parties, and Trump was pleased with the way Jackson touted the president's “excellent' health for more than an hour at a White House press briefing in January. Jackson stood at the podium answering repeated questions about Trump's physical and cognitive health, saying the president had “great genes.”
Democrats believe it was this praise of Trump that won Jackson the VA job, despite a lack of qualifications.
“I assume the president liked the idea of him being at the VA, and his staff has learned over one bad appointment, one unqualified, one incompetent, one flawed appointment after another that there's no standing in the way,” said Ohio Democratic Sen. Sherrod Brown.
But it was not just Democrats questioning the White House's due diligence. Several Republicans Tuesday had questions about the White House's vetting process.
Alaska Sen. Lisa Murkowski called it “a concern,” while North Carolina Sen. Thom Tillis said if the allegations against Jackson are true, “then that is a vetting miss.” Maine Sen. Susan Collins, a high-profile Republican moderate, wondered whether the White House was taking shortcuts when it came to checking background documents.
“I think the White House still seems to be feeling its way on the nomination process, and does not fully appreciate how important it is to do a thorough vetting and background check on nominees,” said Collins.
At a press conference, Trump himself insinuated Jackson may withdraw. The president said he was reluctant to put Jackson through the “ugly and disgusting” process to become secretary, which includes public confirmation hearings.
“I said to Dr. Jackson, ‘What do you need it for?' So we'll see what happens. I don't want to put a man through who's not a political person,” said Trump. “So we'll see what happens. He'll make a decision.”
Jackson's confirmation problems are not the first time the lack of vetting has been an issue for the White House. Allegations of domestic abuse against then-White House staff secretary Rob Porter earlier this year revealed the lack of vetting by the administration for senior staff positions during and after the transition, several experts and staffers from previous administrations told BuzzFeed News at the time. Another lawyer, who specializes in vetting for presidential administrations, said the lack of procedure and vetting in Jackson's case, along with others, has been damaging to the administration and could be easily avoided.
The White House's first choice for Department of Labor secretary, Andy Puzder, had to withdraw his nomination last year after reports of domestic abuse allegations and employment of an undocumented worker surfaced.
Robert Kelner of Covington & Burling, who advises political appointees on the vetting and confirmation process, said the Trump administration still does an ethical vet, which includes disclosing financial holdings and is required by law, but has not focused that much on a political vetting, where some of the allegations that have surfaced against Jackson would have come up. “This administration sometimes does less political vetting than other presidents,” Kelner said.
“It does put the Senate in a position of doing more of the vetting that in the past would have been done by the White House, and it also puts the nominees in a difficult position,” he said. “In earlier years, things would have been flagged beforehand, now issues tend to pop up later on.”
Some Republicans portrayed these cases as outliers, but damaging ones nonetheless.
“The White House is putting together a lot of good people,” said Alaska Sen. Dan Sullivan. “But do I have concerns about what's happening there? Yeah.”
Sen. John Thune, number three in Senate leadership, said in his experience the Trump administration's nominees have been well-vetted, but Jackson appears to be an exception. “Hopefully it won't become the rule when it comes to sending people up here, because it's going to create a lot of problems,” he said.
This nomination battle comes at a particularly inconvenient time for Senate Republicans, as they are currently trying to speed up the timing of confirmations. While Democrats have not been successfully voting down Trump nominees, they have been using up most of the 30 hours of post-cloture debate time before each vote. That has clogged up the Senate floor schedule and created a backlog of nominations to confirm. That issue has only been exacerbated by a handful of new Trump nominees to replace cabinet officials the president either removed or shifted to another role — the Senate now is considering Jackson, secretary of state nominee Mike Pompeo, and CIA director nominee Gina Haspel.
Republicans have angrily denounced the Democrats' tactic as unprecedented obstruction and “procedural sabotage.” Now they're trying to stop it. This week, the Senate Rules Committee will start markup on a bill from Sen. James Lankford that would place stricter time limits on how much floor time can be spent debating nominees.
Lankford argued his bill would have no impact on vetting, which is done at the committee level. “The floor (debate) is not really vetting, it's just argument,” he said.
But Democrats have seized upon the Jackson nomination, along with ethics questions surrounding EPA administrator Scott Pruitt and general concern about Pompeo, to push back against any limiting of debate time.
Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer said these cases reveal a “quick, sloppy vetting process” that would be weakened further if debate is restricted. “The cabinet is turning into a sad game of musical chairs,” said Schumer.
Credit: Laura Farr/AdMedia/Sipa USA via USA TODAY NETWORK
Ellen DeGeneres, took a funny dig at Blake Shelton on Friday when she digitally altered some footage from The Voice to make it look like he was performing in his underwear. “We had Blake Shelton here last week and he recently was named People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive,” DeGeneres said while setting up the clip. “I was watching The Voice and boy, this is really getting to his head.” She then cut to Shelton and girlfriend Gwen Stefani's recent Voice performance of their duet “You Make Me Feel Like Christmas,” except Shelton's wearing nothing but a guitar and a pair of tighty-whities. At the end, Shelton turns around to shake his behind–and reveals that “Blake” is written on the back of his underwear. The real-life Stefani later appeared on the show, telling Ellen jokingly about Shelton's Sexiest Man title, “It's tough to be around him now.”
Related Coverage Walmart tests app that lets shoppers skip checkout lines
NEW YORK (AP) — Target announced moves Monday aimed at helping it shore up two key areas: groceries and delivery.
To boost its grocery business, the company said it hired executives from rival Walmart and from Cheerios maker General Mills. Target's grocery section hasn't been as big a draw for shoppers as the department has been for Walmart.
Mark Kenny, who will join Target from Walmart later this month, will oversee Target's meat, seafood and deli sections. Former General Mills executive Liz Nordlie will run Target's privately owned food and beverage brands.
The Minneapolis-based retailer said earlier Monday that it would buy delivery logistics company Grand Junction to help it offer same-day delivery service to in-store shoppers.
Software made by the San Francisco-based company connects retailers with about 700 delivery companies around the country that pick up items from stores or distribution centers and take them to customers.
Expanding delivery and making it faster have been key areas for retailers trying to attract convenience-seeking shoppers. Target and Walmart have adjusted their shipping programs as they try to lure online shoppers away from Amazon.
Target's move is aimed not at online shoppers, but at making buying an easier decision for in-store shoppers. The company has been working with Grand Junction to test same-day delivery at a New York store. Shoppers there can ask to have heavy bags, a sofa or anything else delivered that day for a fee, that's calculated based on time and location.
Target plans to expand the service to other New York locations this year, and then bring it to other major cities next year. The company said it eventually plans to use the software to offer faster deliveries for online orders.
Target Corp. did not say how much it will pay for Grand Junction. It said the company will become a part of the company's technology unit and said Grand Junction will stop working with other retailers when those contracts end.
We value our content and our journalists, so to get full access to all your local news updated 7-days-a-week – PLUS an e-edition of the Argyllshire Advertiser – subscribe today for as little as 56 pence per week.
Mull crofter Ronnie Campbell was presented with the NFU Scotland Argyll and the Islands ‘stalwart' award at the March branch meeting.
The award was created in 2016 in recognition and memory of the dedication shown by Mull's Bert Leitch and Lachlan MacLean. Both Bert and Lachlan, who represented NFU Scotland's farmers and crofters both regionally and nationally, sadly passed away in 2015.
The award is presented annually to either a member who has given their time and effort to the work of the Union in Argyll and the Islands or someone who has made a significant contribution to agriculture in the area. The inaugural winner in 2017 was well known Dalmally hill farmer, Sybil MacPherson. Ronnie was announced as the 2018 winner at the region's Tarbert AGM in January but was unable to travel to the event.
Presenting the trophy to Ronnie this week were regional board chairman John Dickson from Bute, Mull branch chairman Tom Corbett and Mull regional board representative Jim Corbett. Ronnie was joined by his wife Sheila as he was presented with the handsome trophy.
Sheila brought a minute book of the South West Mull branch of NFU Scotland to the presentation, which showed that Ronnie was first elected onto the NFU committee in 1966 and has gone on to give more than 50 years of service to the union.
Ronnie, who runs a croft at Uisken with Sheila, continuously represented Mull and crofters on the unions' Crofting Highlands and Islands committee and is a past vice chairman of the group. He also represented NFU Scotland on the industry's liaison group with Caledonian MacBrayne ferries as well as being a Crofting Commission assessor, a special constable and a Forestry Commission ranger and stalker.
PIC:
From left: Tom Corbett, John Dickson, Ronnie Campbell, Sheila Campbell and Jim Corbett. no_a12Farm_StalwartAward01
The strip mall in National City impacted by Friday's gas leak.
Approximately 20 stores at a National City strip mall were evacuated Friday after a construction crew accidentally pierced a gas line, causing a leak.
The National City Fire Department (NCFD) said a 2-inch gas line was ruptured at around 12:20 p.m. at a shopping center located at 2220 E. Plaza Boulevard.
As a precaution, the strip mall was evacuated. No one was hurt.
San Diego Gas & Electric (SDG&E) crews were called to the scene to investigate the leak and shut off service.
WEST AMWELL - Township residents will be asked in November if they want the Township Committee to contract with an outside agency to provide police services.
If enough voters say yes to the non-binding referendum question in the Nov. 7 general election, it would mean the township's police department could be disbanded and police services provided by a neighboring community's department.
The township would solicit bids from neighboring communities and would only select a bid if it provided "significant" cost savings. If a bid is accepted, the change could take place before the end of 2019.
There are 11 people on the township's police force, including six patrolmen, an administrator, captain, sergeant, detective sergeant and a corporal, according to the township.
According to a resolution unanimously adopted on Aug. 16 authorizing the question be placed on the ballot, 31-percent of the municipal budget goes toward the police department.
Nothing but locally produced dairy at this ice cream stand
State aid has dropped from 44-percent of the municipal budget in 2009 to 25-percent - representing a loss of $551,000 - while the share of the budget funding through municipal taxes has increased from 25-percent of the budget to 37-percent, according to the resolution.
During the same time, the township has increased the budget about 1-percent a year, or a total of about $341,000, since 2009.
To keep from increased the budget further, according to the resolution, the township has delayed funding repairs to municipal-owned buildings and roads. The savings would be used to "maintain a reasonable municipal tax" and fund the repairs.
If the township keeps its police force, according to the resolution, municipal taxes would increase by $400 over several years for the owner of an average-priced home.
Mayor John Dale, speaking at the Sept. 20 meeting, said there have been "positive meetings" with the police department over the proposal. Additional information about the proposal, including financial details and how the decision was arrived at, will be posted on the township's website.
Township resident Mike Spille, speaking at the Sept. 20 meeting, said he would like to see information about the impact on the community would be if policing is handled outside of the township, including response times. He also said he would like a review of how having a local department is of value to the community.
The proposal was also discussed at Tuesday's meeting. The next committee meeting is scheduled for Oct. 18. The township is also considered a special meeting to discuss the referendum, according to several residents.
Asian stocks started Thursday's trading with solid gains, with Japan and South Korea recovering some of Wednesday's near-2% declines in their benchmarks.
The Nikkei NIK, +0.86% and Kospi SEU, +0.50% were both up in early trading, as was Australia's S&P/ASX 200 XJO, +0.41% — which held up much better Wednesday in dropping just 0.5%. The gains also follow roughly 1% advances in the U.S., as risk assets recovered from start-of-week slides fueled by Italy-related uncertainty. New Zealand's NZX 50 NZ50GR, +0.40% , the lone index in the Asia-Pacific region that rose Wednesday, was up a further 0.3%.
Japanese stocks opened with solid gains. But the yen was rising anew in early Asian trading, with the dollar USDJPY, -0.16% back below ¥108.75 after changing hands at ¥108.90 in late New York action. The stock index has fallen five of the past seven days, notching a six-week closing low yesterday.
Chinese stock indexes started with among the biggest gains in the region, rising some 1% after posting among the largest declines Wednesday at 2.5%. That came as manufacturing PMI showed unexpected strength for May. Just the same, Chinese equities have gotten oversold with six straight days of declines; the Shanghai Composite Index SHCOMP, +1.38% on Wednesday set a 19-month closing low while notching its first six-day losing streak in 4½ years
Hong Kong stocks opened solidly, though the Hang Seng HSI, +0.75% is poised to log its third monthly drop in the past four. Singapore's Straits Times Index STI, +0.22% was up 0.6%, with banks leading the way. Following a record-worst 3.2% drop Wednesday, Malaysia's stock benchmark FBMKLCI, +0.45% rebounded 0.5%.
By Dan Reardon
In 1990, Mike Donald was one hole shy of completing the tournament of his life, the U.S. Open at Medinah Country Club. Donald needed only a par at the 18th of the Monday playoff to defeat Hale Irwin and find his place in golf history. He bogeyed and lost on the next hole in sudden death. Donald drifted on and off the PGA Tour over the next 15 years, never posting a win.
In 1999, France's Jean van de Velde stood on the tee of the final hole at Carnoustie with a three-shot lead in the Open Championship. He tripled the hole and lost in a playoff to Paul Lawrie. The Frenchmen did win once more in his golf career in 2005 but largely disappeared as a serious threat to win on the European Tour.
In 2016, Andrew Landry shot 66 in the opening round of the U.S. Open at Oakmont as an Open rookie, ranked 624th in the world. He played well enough over the next two days to be paired in the final group of the day with Dustin Johnson. Johnson gutted his way to his first major win, and Landry soared to a final-day 78. Instead of being the first U.S. Open rookie to win in 102 years, he finished tied for 15th.
He finished the year 178th in the FedExCup standings and back on the developmental Web.Com Tour the following season. On Sunday at the Valero Texas Open, Landry served notice that he intended to stay clear of the ranks of Donald, van de Velde and other players crushed by the disappointment of a failed major opportunity. Landry shot 4-under 68, -17, to win by two shots for his first PGA Tour title.
>>MORE: Pro Golf Coverage
“I think that every single player out here is good. Every single player is great. Whenever you get in a situation and you fell and you continue to fall, you're learning every single time you do something,” he said afterward. “Oakmont definitely helped me. It helped to control my pace and how my swing is, even how I walk and that can lead into my golf swing. It's accepting that I do have nerves and embrace them.”
Back on Tour after finishing fourth on Web.Com in 2017, Landry has been showing signs that an Oakmont hangover was not in his 2018 profile. He posted three top 10s in his first seven starts of the 2018 season, including a four-hole playoff loss to Jon Rahm at the CareerBuilder Challenge in February. He credited his performance in that loss to the success he enjoyed in San Antonio.
“Losing in that playoff when I was continuing to hit good shot after good shot and just not making any putts, which is usually a strength of my game, it helps because you get yourself in that situation and you continue to learn.”
Hall of Fame Texan Ben Hogan once said about his success, he learned the game in the dirt. For the 30-year-old Landry, the dirt was an hour drive from San Antonio in Port Neches-Groves on a nine-hole golf course called the Pea Patch, a course he lovingly described as a “goat ranch.” A long list of Texans have won a tournament that traces its genealogy to 1922, the most recent being Jimmy Walker in 2015. Landry adds his names to people like Hogan and Byron Nelson as Texas Open winners.
Perhaps it's the feel of home. Perhaps it's learning to manage the kind of Texas winds that buffeted the tournament early in the week. For Landry, there was the special comfort of being surrounded by family and friends for his breakthrough moment.
His mother, Patricia, wore a shirt Sunday bearing the logo of that U.S. Open in Oakmont two years prior. His wife, Elizabeth, with their newborn, stood greenside as her husband needed to navigate nearly 50 feet in two putts to secure the win. His father, Dwain, who Landry told on Sunday morning at Oakmont that he was going to win that day, was there when that prediction proved true two years later. And his brother, Adam, who was a constant competitor with him back on that nine-hole course, now in housing development, was there for the dream to become reality.
He told PGA Tour afterward the same thing Andrew talked about in his winning press conference.“I've watched all the trials and tribulations, what he's gone through, the highs and the lows. There was no Plan B for him. There was only this. Stuff like that will cripple people. It'll make you want to quit, failing back and forth — but he continuously figured out a way to find his way to the top.”
Dan Reardon has covered golf for radio station KMOX in St. Louis for 33 years. In that time, he has covered more than 100 events, including majors and other PGA, LPGA and Champions Tour tournaments. During his broadcast career, Reardon conducted one-on-one interviews with three dozen members of the World Golf of Fame. He has contributed to many publications over the years and co-authored the book Golf's Greatest Eighteen from Random House. Reardon served as Director of Media relations for LPGA events in both St. Louis and Chicago for 10 years.
The water cooler is being replaced by an actual waterfall, and your dusty office plant could soon give way to an entire forest. Seriously.
This week, Amazon AMZN, +2.87% unveiled “Spheres,” structures that look similar to greenhouses, on the grounds of its Seattle headquarters. They're big enough for employees to wander inside and they house more than 40,000 plants. “Amazon employees can work in an environment that's more like a tropical rainforest in the clouds than an office,” the company said.
Not every workplace can afford to create structures like the Spheres — Amazon's entire campus in Seattle, including the Spheres, is estimated to cost about $4 billion — but Amazon is actually joining a movement, said Sean Quinn, the sustainable design lead at the design firm HOK.
Be gone, the humble potted plant. This is a concept known as “biophilic” design. As workers at certain companies, particularly in tech, spend up to 12 to 16 hours a day in their offices, companies have turned to designers who can make those indoor spaces feel less stuffy and oppressive. “We're more relaxed, more creative, more productive and healthier when we're surrounded by nature-based places,” Quinn said.
Workers often feel exposed in open-plan offices. Biophilic design can make them feel safe and enveloped by nature, said David Briefel, regional sustainable design leader at the design firm Gensler, who consulted on designing the Brooklyn office for the company Etsy.
Garrett Rowland, courtesy of Gensler Etsy's office in Brooklyn allows employees to bring dogs to work.
Etsy's office now features three different “green” walls of plants, three terraces, a moss garden and illustrations of flora. Etsy employees are also allowed bring pets to the office.
In recent years, HOK has created biophilic designs for the U.S. Coast Guard's headquarters and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration. Recently, it worked with Stanford University on a landscaped courtyard, which is next to a campus arboretum.
Courtesy of HOK, copyright Anice Hoachlander The U.S. Coast Guard headquarters, designed by HOK, is surrounded by greenery.
Companies take different approaches to that same concept. A co-working space in Lisbon, called Second Home, separates workers with plants instead of cubicles. Google GOOG, -4.78% Essence Digital in London and Squarespace in New York have all incorporated biophilic elements.
In fact, consumer spending on indoor plants has increased in the U.S., hitting more than $1 billion in 2017, up from $895 million in 2011, according to the research firm Euromonitor International
Aside from creating an attractive workspace, some research suggests green-themed office design could improve worker productivity and well-being. Researchers at Central Michigan University analyzed 444 different employees in the U.S. and India. Their 2014 report found that natural elements and exposure to natural sunlight positively impacted their job satisfaction. Those employees also reported lower levels of depression and anxiety.
Biophilic design isn't just about plants. It can incorporate elements ranging from actual greenery — such as entire walls covered top to bottom with plants — to water features, greater use of wood and natural textures in furniture, fans that create the feeling of wind, or scented fresh air, Quinn said. It can even mean a doorknob that's shaped like a honeycomb.
Some offices have experimented with temperature, Briefel said, creating cooler and warmer zones, as would exist outside. Even allowing workers to open and close windows can help to create a natural feel, he said. “It's more than an aesthetic,” he said. “It gives people comfort.”
Limericks by Bob Aldrich Raider football is rolling the dice.
Moving to a gambler's paradise.
Now can Roger Goodell
Break the Las Vegas spell
And keep NFL teams free of vice?
Say goodbye to the bleak winter gloom,
When the dogwood and daffodils bloom.
As the spring flowers sprout
Each azalea breaks out,
In its rich brightly colored costume
A good landscaper's job is quite hard.
Cutting shrubs by the foot leaves them scarred.
They trim grass by the inch
But good looks aren't a cinch
Because impressions are made by the yard.
× KC school evacuated, then canceled due to coolant leak
KANSAS CITY, Mo. — A coolant leak at University Academy, 6801 Holmes, has forced students and staff to evacuate the building and the administration to cancel school.
Tony Kline, superintendent, confirmed to FOX 4 that school would not be in session. Kline said the Freon could cause breathing problems and asphyxiation, so everyone was evacuated to the football field. Uncertain of how long it could take to fix, so they called off school for the day and asked parents to come pick up their children.
The school year opened August 9th according to their website.
FOX 4 will update this story, as necessary. Check back for potential developments.
WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump called hate groups like the Ku Klux Klan “repugnant” on Monday and repudiated their racist ideology, two days after similar groups tried to hold a rally in Charlottesville, Virginia that led to violence.
His remarks followed widespread criticism for his failure to forcibly denounce white supremacists in the immediate aftermath of the violent clash between white nationalists and counter-protesters that left 19 injured and one person dead in Charlottesville on Saturday.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Watch Trump's Updated Response to Charlottesville Attack 3:42 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
“Racism is evil and those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs, including the KKK, neo-Nazis and white supremacists and other hate groups that are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans,” Trump said in a brief statement from the White House.
Trump faced a backlash from Republicans and Democrats for his statement Saturday condemning the violence displayed on “many sides” during the race-fueled protests in Virginia. One woman was killed and 19 injured after an Ohio man allegedly drove his car through a group of counter-demonstrators.
The president then stayed silent as aides struggled to explain Trump's message.
Vice President Mike Pence initially pinned blame on the media for not focusing more on the violence.
“Many in the media spent an awful lot of time focusing on what the president said and criticisms of what the president said instead of criticizing those who brought that hatred and violence to the streets of Charlottesville, Virginia," Pence told NBC News during his trip to Colombia.
Asked Monday about the delay in forceful response, Trump quipped that the hate groups "have been condemned" and refused to answer more questions from the "fake news."
Trump briefly broke his silence on Twitter earlier on Monday, blasting the African-American head of Merck & Co. Inc. after the CEO resigned from Trump's American Manufacturing Council because of the White House's response to Charlottesville.
Trump's statement came during a brief return to Washington, D.C., where he met with Attorney General Jeff Sessions and FBI Director Chris Wray. The Department of Justice has opened a civil rights investigation into the incident, Trump announced.
“Anyone who acted criminally in this weekend's racist violence, you will be held accountable,” Trump said.
"As a candidate, I promised to restore law and order to our country, and our federal law enforcement agencies are following through on that pledge," Trump added. "We will spare no resource in fighting so that every American child can grow up free from violence and fear. We will defend and protect the sacred rights of all Americans."
Throughout his campaign and into his presidency, Trump has struggled with questions about his support among some white nationalist-affiliated groups.
During the campaign he said a "lousy earpiece" was the reason he did not answer a CNN question about whether he was willing to disavow support from former KKK leader David Duke. He later disavowed Duke, but continued to receive encouragement from many in the white nationalist movement.
Duke, who was attending the Charlottesville rally, told a reporter his goal was to “fulfill the promises of Donald Trump," before attacking Trump on Twitter after his original statement.
I would recommend you take a good look in the mirror & remember it was White Americans who put you in the presidency, not radical leftists. https://t.co/Rkfs7O2Ykr — David Duke (@DrDavidDuke) August 12, 2017
But Trump attempted to strike a conciliatory tone Monday, mentioning the loss of Heather Heyer, the 32-year-old struck by a car while protesting the white nationalists, along with the two Virginia state troopers killed.
“These three fallen Americans embody the goodness and decency of our nation. In times such as these, America has always shown its true character: responding to hate with love, division with unity, and violence with an unwavering resolve for justice,” Trump said.
Heyer's mother thanked the president in a statement released shortly after Trump spoke.
The president's brief White House stop came amid a “working vacation,” as White House aides have dubbed it, spent at his golf club in New Jersey and New York City. His approval rating in Gallup's daily tracking poll sits at just 34 percent, the lowest mark yet in the survey.
By comparison, President George W. Bush did not sink that low the poll until April 2006, well after his popularity had taken major hits for the government's response to Hurricane Katrina and the Iraq war. Presidents Barack Obama and Bill Clinton never dipped so low.
Press release - Serac introduces an aseptic packaging solution with BlueStream. This innovative solution can help to reduce environmental impact, according to the company.
Serac uses its expertise in container treatment based on dry processes with an industrial sterilization solution using ebeam technology. BluStream is a real technological breakthrough in the aseptic filling of plastic bottles. The system is capable of a 5 log bacteriological reduction on Bacillus Pumilus without leaving any chemical residue (eliminating the potential consumption of chemical agents in to decontaminate bottle). BluStream is especially interesting for manufacturers wishing to highlight:
Production processes that respect both human beings and the environment.
Brands that follow natural trends and target sensitive consumers (babies, allergic people, etc.).
Quick sterilization without chemical products
Unlike peracetic acid (PAA) and hydrogen peroxide (H₂O₂) treatments that rely on chemical principles, BluStream is based on a physical process. It uses an issuer which throws an electron beam over the container's surface. Electrons quickly destroy micro-organisms by breaking their DNA chains. This enables BluStream to achieve a 5 log bacteriological reduction on Bacillus Pulumilus with a 1.5 liter bottle in about five seconds. Without the use of chemicals, BluStream ensures that containers are totally free of any toxic residue.
Simpler and economical
BluStream is a simpler process which makes sterilization easier to monitor. The BluStream process only depends on three critical easy-to-control parameters (voltage, current intensity and exposure time). The treatment is also more economical in production because it requires no chemicals, no water, no compressed air, and a minimum increase in electrical consumption comparable to the H₂O₂ treatment.
Continuous and complete sterilization in a compact unit
Serac's BluStream unit is more compact than PAA and H₂O₂; the floor area is only 215 square feet (20m2) for a rate up to 36,000 bottles per hour. Bottles are treated on two successive carousels; the first one for the exterior treatment and the second one for the interior treatment of the bottle.
For all products packed in plastic bottles
BluStream treatment is compatible with all kinds of plastics; HDPE, PET, PP, PS, whatever their weight or shape (off handle). All bottle sizes can also be treated, provided that the neck diameter is above or equal to 30 mm. Treatment efficiency allows this method to be used for high-acid products (fruit juices) as well as for low-acid products (cow milk, soy milk, other vegetable milks and all nutritional products).
Serac offers with BluStream a cutting-edge sterilization solution which reinforces its position as an expert in the aseptic filling of bottles. Apart from the new machines, BluStream sterilization will also be available on the modernization of existing lines.
SOURCE: Serac
ივანიშვილის ბიზნეს ცენტრი სოლოლაკში ფოტო: telegraph.co.uk
Tbilisi City Hall supported yesterday the September 29 decision by Tbilisi City Assembly to give 1,900 square meters of land in central Tbilisi to a company owned by former Prime Minister Bidzina Ivanishvili. The hand-over of land now must be formally confirmed by Tbilisi City Assembly.
The company, ‘Tbilisi City,' will receive the land for a symbolic price of one GEL, if Tbilisi City Assembly approves the decision. Based on the investment responsibilities, an underground parking lot has to be constructed on that territory.
During the September 29 voting at the City Assembly, members of opposition parties protested during the hearing and requested to postpone the discussion. Opposition party members Elene Khoshtaria, Zaal Udumashvili and others opposition party members were forcefully removed from the hearing room after Chairman of Tbilisi City Assembly Giorgi Alibegashvili called the police.
Opposition party Movement for Liberty-European Georgia held a protest at Pushkin square on October 1 against the proposed land transfer to the Ivanishvili-owned company.
Developing...
Live Updates: Washington In Shock After Gunman Opens Fire On Republican Baseball Practice
"We are united in our shock and anguish," Speaker Paul Ryan said after a gunman opened fire on Republicans at baseball practice, injuring five people. "An attack on one of us is an attack on all of us."
NBC 7's Elena Gomez reports on the symbolic Ocean Beach pier jump that all junior lifeguards get the chance to experience once their training is complete. (Published 55 minutes ago)
Hundreds of Junior Lifeguards took a big jump off the Ocean Beach pier to kick off their graduation from the program Monday.
"I felt pretty confident at the beach. I'm a little more nervous when I'm up here," said Emory, a 10-year-old girl in the program, while glancing off the pier with an anxious smile. "But I'm excited."
The annual event marks the only time that anyone can legally jump off the pier. Some kids hesitated at first, but with a little encouragement, they took the plunge.
It took place at the foot of Newport Avenue at the pier between 9 a.m. and 11 a.m. After dropping down to the water, the kids have to swim about 500 to 1,000 yards back to shore.
Hundreds of Junior Lifeguards Jump off Pier in Ocean Beach
The junior lifeguards did their annual jump off the pier in Ocean Beach, as part of their 4-week training. This is the only time people can legally jump off the pier. NBC 7's Elena Gomez has more. (Published Monday, Aug. 14, 2017)
"It sets them up with great life skills. They can use [it] if they do become lifeguards," said Dana Nelsen, a Junior Lifeguard coordinator. "They can use this in any profession they care to go into."
One 9-year-old boy, Oliver, told NBC 7 he was excited to jump off the pier but he already did it last year.
For three weeks, the Junior Lifeguards have been learning to improve their swimming skills and how to do first aid, CPR, water rescue techniques and beach safety. The kids in the program are between age 7 and 17.
They prepared for the big jump by practicing jumping into Mission Bay. Each participant is required to wear their flippers for the lengthy swim.
"Our lifeguards are thrilled to share their experience and knowledge with these kids," said Lifeguard Chief Rick Wurts. "And whether the participants move on to become lifeguards or not, this is an experience they will never forget."
Lifeguards from the City of San Diego teach the program. They say the kids develop confidence, mental and physical fitness, as well as respect for one another and the coastal environment. The program is taught twice during the summer months.
"We build ocean knowledge and life skill knowledge that they can carry on with them for the rest of their lives," added Nelsen.
The event was also a fundraiser for the San Diego Junior Lifeguard Foundation, aka the Drowning Prevention Foundation of San Diego. The public can also take part in the event by donating $75 to help the foundation prevent drownings.
Please refresh this page in your browser to reload this live event video
The Live Event you are trying to watch is either unavailable or has not started Please refresh this page in your browser to reload this live event video
WEST Midlands Mayor Andy Street is calling on the Government to set up a scrappage scheme for high-polluting diesel cars and vans.
Speaking ahead of National Clean Air Day , the Conservative mayor called on drivers to give up their cars – pledging to support them through more investment in public transport, cycling and research into clean vehicles.
And he will be lobbying the new Environment Secretary Michael Gove and the Treasury to offer West Midlands motorists a financial incentive to junk their diesel cars.
He returned to the proposal made during his election campaign that he would look at a congestion charge for the heaviest polluting diesel cars.
He added: “One option is charging the most polluting vehicles to enter those zones. This can't be just about charging, however.
“We need to encourage different behaviour. In London, for example, there are proposals for a scrappage scheme for diesel cars and we would need that to be extended to the West Midlands.”
Pollution is a major public health issue in the region, responsible for 520 premature deaths a year in Birmingham, rising to 1,500 across the West Midlands.
Traffic jam
Traffic is almost entirely responsible for the city's high rates of nitrogen dioxide.
The EU has ordered 38 UK areas, including Birmingham, to cut pollution to safer levels by 2020 or face a fine.
Commuters are being encouraged to ditch their cars on National Clean Air Day this Thursday (June 15), or share lifts.
Mr Street said: “Air pollution in towns and cities here in the West Midlands is a really serious issue and a genuine concern for people.”
The council is introducing a clean air zone charge for heavy polluting commercial vehicles entering the city centre, but Mr Street believes that if air quality does not improve this should be extended to private cars.
Peter Macdiarmid/Getty Images More investment in electric vehicle technology needed
He said: “The statistics for the region – particularly in terms of the levels of nitrogen dioxide – are troubling and they stem primarily from the congestion on our roads.
“We need to encourage people not to use their cars. We need to give people a choice, an alternative to driving their own vehicles and contributing to this issue.
“We have a host of commitments which we will hope to deliver over the coming years which will reduce air pollution and diesel emissions.
He said these include plans to reopen disused rail lines, like the Moseley-Camp Hill and Sutton Park lines, extending the Metro and investment by National Express in environmentally friendly buses.
“We are currently submitting a bid to Government to create a National Battery Prototype Centre in Coventry which, if successful, would drive the delivery of the national electrification agenda and potentially lead to production of electric vehicles here in the West Midlands.”
Clean Air Day activities in Birmingham
Clean Air Day is being promoted with an event for businesses outside St Phillip's Catherdral between 11am and 3pm and a community event at Chancellor's Court at the University of Birmingham between 11am and 2pm.
Birmingham company director Paul Fielding wrote to hundreds of fellow Colmore Business District workers urging them to leave their cars at home.
Paul, a chartered wealth manager with Brewin Dolphin, said: “Within the Colmore Business District there are approximately 630 businesses and 30,000 employees.
“Each of these businesses and a great deal of their employees will undoubtedly, in some way, contribute towards a problem that will affect a great number of people, air pollution.”
There will be information on various initiatives taking place in Birmingham to tackle pollution.
BRUSSELS — When a car plowed into a crowd of counter-protesters in Charlottesville, Virginia, on Saturday, killing one person and injuring 19, the refrain was almost immediate: this is what ISIS does.
The terror group, as well as its sympathizers, has employed the tactic in Nice, Berlin, Paris, and London and written about it in its English language magazine, Dabiq. Did that influence James Alex Fields Jr., 20, of Maumee, Ohio, who has been charged with second-degree murder, three counts of malicious wounding and failing to stop at the scene of a crash that resulted in a death?
The use of a car as a weapon became notorious last year after ISIS pushed the use of both cars and other everyday items as implements of terror as part of a strategy to make it easier for marginally affiliated supporters to conduct attacks with minimal support and to create fear in the daily lives of its enemies.
J.M. Berger, a Boston based researcher and fellow at the International Centre for Counter-Terrorism, The Hague said that it wasn't clear if anything could be learned from this instance of a car attack beyond the ease of using one as a weapon.
“Tactics migrate pretty easily between extremist groups,” he said, noting there was as of yet any evidence of premeditation. “The car tactic is always going to be popular because it doesn't require any special training. You learn all you need to know from watching the TV coverage of a previous attack.”
“It's not like trying to make homemade TATP,” he said, referencing a volatile homemade explosive commonly used in suicide attacks and bombings.
U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions said Monday that the incident was being classified as domestic terrorism and that the Department of Justice was investigating if it met the standard of a hate crime.
An FBI Special Agent assigned to investigate terrorism, but not this case in particular, told BuzzFeed News Sunday, before Sessions' announcement, that the legal standard for a hate crime might be too difficult to reach but accurately predicted the incident would be treated as possible terrorism.
“The standard for a hate crime doesn't explicitly name political disagreements, it's focused on race, sex, sexual orientation,” said the agent, who did not have permission from FBI headquarters to speak with a reporter, and asked his name not be used. “That could be a tough climb for a prosecutor made even tougher if the perp didn't know anyone he hit.” Heather Heyer, 32, was killed in the incident.
“But barring some unlikely mechanical malfunctions, based on that video it's very hard to see how this isn't terrorism and the investigation will be focused on whether this was a premeditated car attack like you'd see from ISIS, or an impulsive violent outburst,” he said.
Police have yet to determine Fields' motivation or any planning. But the choice of car as a weapon in a part of the country where firearms are easily obtainable contrasts with the choices by ISIS or ISIS-inspired attackers in Germany, the U.K. and France, where the government tightly restricts gun ownership. ISIS frequently suggests the use of ordinary items by its supporters in attacks but in the United States, the small number of jihadist-related attacks since 2001 have involved firearms or improvised explosive devices. Those are also the preferred weapon of violent right wing extremists over the last two decades, according to the FBI.
The “Unite The Right” rally was organized by a coalition of hard-right groups to protest the removal of a statute of Confederate General Robert E. Lee from a public square in Charlottesville. Despite the organizers' claimed plans for an inclusive, pro-Southern heritage event, they woke Saturday morning to a crowd that leaned heavily on white nationalism, Christian identity and racist Confederate nostalgia, following a torch-lit march the night before. Many in the alt-right have attempted to argue that modern white nationalism rejects the ideology of overt hate and racism, but Berger says Saturday's events probably damaged that argument.
“On Friday night they held their Tiki torch parade, with their fashy haircuts, trying to argue ‘Hey we're not your father's style of racists',” said Berger. “But by Saturday, if you look at the crowd, with shields, swastikas, Nazi salutes and clear KKK influence, I think it's clear a lot of these guys kinda are the same old racists.”
This ambiguity is critical to the alt-right's current success, says Berger, but also represents a critical weakness: unity of ideas.
“The so called ‘alt-right' is still a melange of subordinate movements that pursues vague ideological engagement without specifics,” said Berger.
“Domestic right wing extremism is very fractured and small and [the lack of specific ideology] allows some of these groups to collaborate even if they don't completely agree. [It] mostly provides an umbrella for these groups to coordinate under the banner of ‘White Christian Identity.'”
But while they may be able to survive their differences for now, Berger sees troubles ahead that he hasn't seen in his studies of groups like ISIS or al-Qaeda. Without a more common ideology, the alt-right will always have a problem recruiting.
“ISIS is much more developed organizationally in that there's a structure, bureaucracy and for recruiting, it's someone's job to do it,” he said, noting the same description would be accurate for al-Qaeda.
“The right wing extremist movement is not nearly as systematic and offers an la carte menu of hate,” he said. “The specific groups you end up learning about and joining depends on your beef with whatever out group.”
That means that the alt-right movement is fragmented for now between those who are fine with people being overtly racist, Berger said, and those who don't think being overtly racist is a good idea. Resolution of that schism under coherent leadership would be a sign of significant danger, said Berger.
“What will concern me, and I do think this is an issue that should be taken seriously [overall], is that we have yet to see a subgroup taking control of the movement and building some kind of critical mass. If we see a faction become ascendant, that's where a lot of extremist problems develop.”
For 11 hours a day, Lan Anh Pham '18 meditated under rigorous Vipassana tradition in rural Wisconsin as part of a 10-day meditation retreat during her sophomore year. Upon returning to Brown, she was confident that she wanted to study contemplative experiences. “I was blown away by how much I could change my perception of myself,” Pham said.
At Brown, Pham has the unique opportunity to engage in practices and studies typically confined to an ashram, or a monastery. Originally a biology concentrator, she switched to contemplative studies, one of Brown's newest concentrations and a pioneering field of research for the University.
The Contemplative Studies Initiative — comprising University faculty dedicated to fostering academic discussion about contemplation — formed in 2004. The group established the first undergraduate concentration in contemplative studies at a major North American research university in 2014.
The concentration involves studying a “particularly important subset of human experiences,” said Harold Roth, professor of religious studies and director of the initiative. These experiences of “being focused in the moment, undistracted, calm and tranquil” are normally attained in religious contexts such as yoga, meditation, mindfulness and prayer, he explained. At Brown, however, the concentration also looks at how these moments arise spontaneously in activities such as sports, music, art and science.
Faculty involved with the concentration have backgrounds ranging from theatre and performing arts to political science. For example, “the whole art of acting — putting yourself in a role, setting aside normal elements of self-identity and projecting yourself into the identity of a character — can be a very fulfilling contemplative experience,” Roth said.
This interdisciplinary approach has established Brown's program as a model for other universities, such as the University of Virginia, the University of Miami and the University of Mary Washington, Roth said. “Brown is part of a national movement,” he added. “I really see this as a wave of the future.”
Before the concentration became official at the University, faculty in the Contemplative Studies Initiative advised 16 independent contemplative studies-related concentrations. The initiative has steadily grown and hopes to have over 50 concentrators in contemplative studies by 2023, according to a 2017 internal presentation.
Start of the program
Over 20 years ago, Roth told his then-student Srinivas Reddy '98, visiting professor of religious studies and contemplative studies, that he was “thinking of a doing a class where we read texts on meditation and have meditation labs,” Reddy said.
At the time, having people meditate wasn't a part of the curriculum and carried controversial religious connotations, so the “class” was “totally hidden and under the radar,” Reddy said. “We would meditate in his (office).”
After Reddy graduated, he embarked on a multidisciplinary immersion in South Asian philosophy and music. While training as a professional concert sitarist, studying classical Indian texts and teaching abroad, he kept in touch with Roth, occasionally performing contemplative music recitals when in Providence.
As contemplative studies at the University started to build momentum, Roth asked Reddy to teach a class in August 2017. Reddy currently teaches COST 0035: “Saints and Mystics of India” and COST 0100: “Introduction to Contemplative Studies.” Through his teaching, he hopes to inspire students to learn about the world and themselves, he said.
Criticism and considerations
A common criticism of studying Eastern religious practices in university settings is cultural appropriation, or the adoption of aspects of one culture by another, especially when there is an unequal power dynamic.
In Pham's opinion, “cultural borrowing has always been happening” in human history. As Buddhism traveled from India to other countries, newly exposed cultural groups understood and practiced Buddhism within their cultural framework, she explained.
“An interesting phenomenon of Buddhism and Buddhist practices traveling to the West is its integration in our rigorous scientific culture,” Pham said. Scientific research looking to identify how Buddhism changes our mind and body is an infusion of Buddhism into Western culture, she added. “For me, appropriation is when we are taking away pieces of tradition without respecting it.” Pham doesn't believe appropriation is occurring.
The concentration aims to deliver this respect through combining “third-person approaches and critical first-person approaches” in its pedagogy, Roth said. This combination gives equal weight to historical cultural context as well as the effects those practices have on an individual, he explained.
However, the contemplative studies program has come under criticism for cultural appropriation in the past. In 2016, a group of students protested a performance by Carrie Grossman '00 titled “An Evening of Devotional Music.”
The performance was “not an exclusive and official event of the contemplative studies concentration,” Roth wrote in a follow-up email to The Herald. It was organized by the student groups the Yoga and Mindfulness Group and the Contemplative Studies Departmental Undergraduate Group and funded by YAM, the Office of the Dean of the College and the contemplative studies program. Roth added that Grossman had previously performed classical Indian music at Brown in an official contemplative studies-sponsored event in summer 2015 with Reddy, a trained sitarist.
A co-leader of the protest, Sohum Chokshi '18, wanted to draw attention to “the fact that (Grossman) wasn't trained in classical hymns and was mispronouncing words,” demonstrating a “very infantilizing notion of what Hindu meditation is,” Chokshi said. “If the contemplative studies department isn't vigorously attacking standards of producing and sharing knowledge, then it's not doing its job,” Chokshi added.
Roth also wrote that the program has long been mindful not to culturally appropriate. “Since our beginning, we have made it a point of working hard to make our concentration and the events we organize very sensitive to questions of diversity and inclusion,” he wrote.
These steps include organizing and funding a year-long lecture series in 2016-17 titled “Mindfulness, Science and Society.” Courses in the concentration, such as COST 0100, COST 0410: “Engaged Buddhism” and COST 1950: “Senior Concentrators' Seminar,” also include vigorous discussion about cultural appropriation, Roth wrote. Furthermore, though the concentration technically does not need a Diversity and Inclusion Action Plan, as it is a program and operates administratively under the Department of Religious Studies, it is currently working on one to be published by the end of the summer because “we think it's important,” he added.
Though critical, Chokshi acknowledges that the presence of contemplative studies in the University is significant. “It just has to be done in an accurate, historically represented way,” Chokshi said.
The emergence of contemplative studies at the University also promises opportunities to “support scholarly work on Southeast Asia,” according to a message from the Southeast Asian Studies Initiative to The Herald. “One of our goals as the Southeast Asian Studies Initiative is to convince departments to hire faculty who study the region, and contemplative studies should have an interest in such faculty.”
The Chinese Students Association, Asian/American Political Alliance and Hindu Students Association did not reply to a request for comment.
A growing department at Brown
Over the next decade, the Contemplative Studies Initiative hopes to sustain its growth and establish an Institute for Contemplative Studies, modeled after the Watson Institute for International and Public Affairs. A key goal of the initiative is to bring core elements of its teaching to several fields at Brown, creating opportunities for multidisciplinary research.
For example, examining the medical potential of contemplative practices is a burgeoning sector of University research. In September 2017, the University launched a new Mindfulness Center, which brings together a diverse array of researchers who are investigating early findings that mindfulness could positively impact mental and physical health.
The center is directed by Eric Loucks, associate professor of epidemiology, who studies the relationship between mindfulness and cardiovascular health. He, alongside Willoughby Britton, assistant professor of psychiatry and human behavior, and Jared Lindahl, visiting assistant professor of religious studies, received a five-year, $4.7 million grant in 2015 from the National Institutes of Health to study the effects of mindfulness-based interventions on people's abilities to follow medically recommended lifestyle changes.
Other research areas related to mindfulness include neuroscience, cognitive science, clinical science and positive psychology. Including the NIH grant, the Contemplative Studies Initiative has raised over $7.5 million to fund projects related to studying the effects of mindfulness on ailments such as asthma, stress, fatigue, chronic pain and depression.
Additionally, a large portion of the multidisciplinary nature arises from contemplative studies students' work, Roth said.
Pham, for example, wants to be a nutritionist and bring together the “triangle of mental, emotional and physical health to enhance people's well-being.”
In a different vein, Micah Thanhauser '13 melds an artistic approach with his contemplative studies background. At Brown, he graduated with an independent concentration in “Contemplative Studies: Creativity and Consciousness,” combining his interests in religion and art. “I wanted to look at how art-making and appreciation of art can in itself be contemplative and meditative. … I really look at my time in the studio making pottery as a contemplative time,” he said. Beyond Brown, Thanhauser also worked for the Prison Mindfulness Institute, a nonprofit where he facilitated mindfulness courses in prisons and shelters. He currently works as a potter in Asheville, North Carolina, and teaches pottery and meditation.
Knowing how to use a contemplative studies background in the workforce is not always clear, Thanhauser said. However, contemplative studies, like other liberal arts, teaches skills applicable to any field — “how to think, problem solve, learn quickly and interact with people.”
“The most important part of meditation, or what I got from contemplative studies, is that you can actually cultivate and practice being more aware of life,” Thanhauser said.
Aengus Meldon of the National University of Ireland Galway lost a preliminary race in a way that nobody could have anticipated.
As Meldon was in the final stretch and leading his 800-meter prelim of the Irish University Indoor Championship on Friday, a rubber band flew out of nowhere and caught Meldon's legs.
He tried to hold off the other runners, but had to settle for second. The rubber band came from the pole vaulters' warm-up bar and spectacularly caught Meldon at the right time.
The announcer's call was possibly even more incredible.
Meldon would qualify for the finals but finished 8th.
(h/t Deadspin)
SAN DIEGO — More than 480 people in San Diego have become infected with hepatitis A over the last 10 months, in the largest outbreak of the illness in California in decades. But why is it so hard to stop?
About 20 new cases of hepatitis A per week have been reported during this outbreak, Dr. Eric McDonald, director of San Diego County's Epidemiology and Immunization Services Branch, said at a news conference here yesterday (Oct. 5), part of an infectious disease conference called IDWeek 2017. Most of the hepatitis A cases have been among people who are homeless or use illegal drugs, or who have close contact with those populations. Of the 481 people who have been infected, 337 (70 percent) have been hospitalized and 17 (4 percent) have died, officials said.
Dr. Monique Foster, of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention's (CDC) Division of Viral Hepatitis, said it's not uncommon for large hepatitis A outbreaks like this to last a long time — around one to two years — before they are completely halted.
Though the hepatitis A virus isn't typically deadly, it can infect the liver and cause inflammation and damage to that organ, according to the National Institutes of Health (NIH). Symptoms can include dark-yellow urine, fever, joint pain, nausea and vomiting. People with the infection usually get better on their own without treatment, the NIH says. But in some cases, the infection can lead to liver failure, particularly in older adults or people who have other liver diseases. [27 Devastating Infectious Diseases]
Hepatitis A spreads when small amounts of stool from an ill person contaminate objects, food or drinks that another person then touches and ingests. This can happen when people with the illness don't properly wash their hands after going to the bathroom, according to the CDC. In San Diego, officials have installed 66 portable handwashing stations in the streets to address the hygiene issue, with 100 more stations on the way. The virus can also spread among drug users, also through poor hygiene when sharing equipment related to illicit drug use.
One reason specialists and doctors have a hard time stopping the spread of hepatitis A is its long "incubation period" — the time it takes a person to show symptoms after he or she is infected — which lasts on average 28 days. But it can be up to 50 days, Foster said.
"People infected today probably won't show symptoms for four weeks," Foster said. This makes it hard for people to recall what they were doing, or who they had contact with, at the time they were exposed to hepatitis, Foster said, and both of those factors help officials track and control outbreaks. It also means people who don't yet appear sick can infect others, causing more cases.
In addition, the long incubation period means that by the time officials notice a cluster of hepatitis A cases, the outbreak has likely been going on for at least a month, Foster said. And once officials do identify an outbreak, it can take six weeks to determine whether efforts to control the outbreak are working, McDonald said.
Another challenge in the San Diego outbreak is the specific population at risk for contracting hepatitis A in this outbreak: people who are homeless or who use illicit drugs. This is a population that has limited access to clean toilets and handwashing facilities, which are important to preventing the spread of hepatitis A.
Additionally, vaccination with the hepatitis A vaccine is one of the key ways to prevent the infection, the CDC says. But in the current outbreak, it took time to get these vaccinations to the groups at risk for the disease, McDonald said. To get vaccines to this "target" group, officials used unique strategies, including administering vaccines in emergency rooms, where it is easier to track down homeless people, and jails, where illicit drug users may be vaccinated before they end up back on the streets, officials said. Officials also established teams of people to go to homeless encampments and administer vaccinations.
"It takes time to set up systems in order to deliver vaccines," McDonald said. "I think those systems are [now] strongly in place here to address the ongoing outbreak."
As of Sept. 30, more than 54,000 adults in the area had been vaccinated against hepatitis A as part of the efforts to stem the current outbreak, McDonald said.
In general, the hepatitis A vaccine is recommended for children at age 1; travelers to countries that have high rates of hepatitis A; users of illegal drugs; people with chronic liver diseases, such as hepatitis C; men who have sexual contact with other men; and people who work with animals infected with hepatitis A, according to the CDC.
Prior to the San Diego outbreak, the hepatitis A vaccine was not specifically recommended for people who are homeless, but now, the state of California is recommending that this vaccine be given to the homeless population. CDC officials will also consider whether this should become a national recommendation, Foster said.
Original article on Live Science.
LAS VEGAS — Nevada health officials are investigating what appears to be a norovirus outbreak that's sickened at least 20 employees and guests of the Westgate Las Vegas casino-resort.
The Southern Nevada Health District says it received complaints of gastrointestinal illness consistent with the stomach flu over the weekend.
Westgate Resorts Chief Operating Officer Mark Waltrip told the Las Vegas Review-Journal that the casino-resort has confirmed at least 15 employees and four guests reported to be sick.
Norovirus is highly contagious and causes symptoms like vomiting, diarrhea and fever.
Waltrip says the first reports of illness were made late last week and the resort is taking precautions that include replacing glassware with plastic and setting up stations of hand sanitizer.
——
Information from: Las Vegas Review-Journal, http://www.lvrj.com
Nate formed in the western Caribbean Sea and moved into Central America on Thursday.
The Latest on Tropical Storm Nate (all times local):
Dozens of offshore oil platforms and drilling rigs in the Gulf of Mexico have been evacuated as Tropical Storm Nate churns through warm waters on a high-speed path toward the Gulf Coast.
The Bureau of Safety and Environmental Enforcement said in a news release that workers had been evacuated from 66 oil production platforms as of late Friday morning. That's nearly 9 percent of the 737 manned platforms in the Gulf.
The bureau also said five rigs currently operating in the Gulf also had been evacuated, while 11 other rigs were moved out of the storm's path.
An estimated 71 percent of the Gulf's current oil production and 53 percent of its natural gas production has been “shut-in,” or temporarily halted, due to the storm.
Offshore facilities will be inspected for damage once the storm passes.
___
Mississippi Gov. Phil Bryant is declaring a state of emergency in Mississippi's six southernmost counties in advance of the arrival of what's expected to be Hurricane Nate late Saturday.
State officials said at a briefing Friday in Gulfport that Nate's main dangers will be a potential for 10 feet (3 meters) of storm-surge in low-lying areas and high winds that could damage mobile homes.
Officials say they will open 11 evacuation shelters in areas away from the immediate coast, and that buses can transport people who can't drive.
The state's 12 coastal casinos say they are monitoring the situation, but don't plan complete shutdowns. A car show that attracted thousands of visitors is being curtailed.
The storm battered Central America with rain this week, killing at least 21 people.
___
A hurricane warning has been issued for a stretch of the U.S. Gulf Coast from Grand Isle, Louisiana, to the Alabama-Florida border.
The National Hurricane Center in Miami says residents in those areas should brace for possible storm surges amid the expected strengthening of Tropical Storm Nate. The storm battered Central America with rain this week, killing at least 21 people.
The center says the storm is likely to strengthen Friday over the northwestern Caribbean Sea before a possible near-hurricane-strength hit on the Cancun region at the tip of Mexico's Yucatan Peninsula.
Forecasters warn that the storm, after crossing open water, could then smash into the northern rim of the U.S. Gulf Coast as a hurricane.
___
Damage caused by Tropical Storm Nate has prompted Costa Rican officials to postpone a World Cup qualifying soccer match between that country and Honduras, which had been scheduled for Friday night.
The president of the Costa Rican Football Federation says the game will now be played Saturday afternoon in San Jose, the Costa Rican capital.
The storm killed at least seven people across Costa Rica.
___
When Tropical Storm Nate formed Thursday and forecasts put New Orleans in its projected path, one big question loomed for residents and business owners: Will the pumps work?
“That's now a thought in everybody who lives in New Orleans,” said Devin Shearman, a manager at Katie's restaurant and lounge, which flooded during an unexpected rainstorm Aug. 5. It was one of two flash floods this past summer that led to revelations about personnel and equipment problems at the New Orleans Sewerage and Water Board, the agency that runs the pumping system that drains the city.
Some pumps weren't working. Some turbines that provide power to the pumps were down. There weren't enough people on hand to man the system.
“Since early August, we have made substantial progress,” New Orleans Mayor Mitch Landrieu said of work to upgrade the city drainage system. But he warned at a Thursday news conference that extremely heavy rain and storm surge from Nate still could pose flood dangers.
Nate formed in the western Caribbean Sea and moved into Central America on Thursday. Forecasters said it would likely emerge in the Gulf of Mexico and strengthen, possibly reaching hurricane strength before a Sunday morning landfall somewhere along the Louisiana, Mississippi or Alabama coast. Officials in the resort town of Grand Isle on a vulnerable barrier island south of New Orleans called a voluntary evacuation Thursday. To the east, in coastal St. Bernard Parish, authorities ordered an evacuation of areas not protected by levees.
In the center of Nate's possible destinations was New Orleans, where the summer floods shook public confidence in the Sewerage and Water Board.
It's a state-created agency governed by a board that includes the mayor and appointees of the mayor and the City Council.
After the Aug. 5 revelations, the agency's executive director, Cedric Grant, resigned. Landrieu announced the appointment of a new six-member emergency team to run the agency, make immediate upgrades and recommend long-term changes.
The team is headed by veteran emergency expert Paul Rainwater.
“It's an antiquated system,” Rainwater said Thursday, as he discussed his work and the decisions ahead on what will be needed in terms of equipment and personnel.
As of Thursday, city officials said, 108 of 120 pumps and 26 power generators were in place to back up working turbines. Also, the city said efforts to clean thousands of street catch basins had been stepped up, with vacuum trucks dispatched to various areas to suck out thick mud and debris.
Long-term, a major question facing the city is whether to stick with nearly century-old pumps, which cost a lot of money and manpower to maintain but last longer than newer pumps that are reported to have shorter lifespans.
Many are also questioning where the S&WB leadership needs to rest. One option is reducing its autonomy — making it a department directly under the mayor with scrutiny from the council. It's a suggestion New Orleans Inspector General Ed Quatrevaux has made to the mayor and City Council in letters for years.
Meanwhile, city officials must deal with the public's shaken faith in the drainage system.
The Sewerage and Water Board's emergency management team also included a new public relations director — a result of early, erroneous initial statements that the pumps were all working during the Aug. 5 floods.
“There was a lot of misinformation, or lies, frankly, about where we stood,” City Council President Jason Williams said in a recent interview. “Moving forward, we've got to make sure that the Sewerage & Water Board is transparent to the public and to all branches of government, because clearly that wasn't happening, and that there's veracity, just being really honest.”
Williams said in a recent interview that council members recently learned to pump capacity wasn't tested ahead of the hurricane season that began June 1.
“It's not a time to figure out things when you're underwater and when you're in a kayak,” he said.
“I'm glad they're addressing it, finally, but I don't know if you can get my approval for addressing it now, after something's happened,” said Shearman, who says patrons were stranded in the restaurant for hours in August when water in the streets was thigh-high. “Trust can be brought back. It's not going to come overnight though. It's going to take a lot of time.”
Bloomberg News Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, right, says rules on capital markets need to be “streamlined.”
The Trump administration on Friday proposed scrapping a requirement that companies disclose the pay ratio between chief executives and employees, one of several recommendations outlined in a detailed report on capital markets.
The 232-page report was released by the Treasury Department. In a statement, Secretary Steven Mnuchin said it analyzes regulations that are “standing in the way of economic growth and capital formation.”
In addition to recommending repeal of the pay-gap rule, the report also suggests throwing out other parts of the Dodd-Frank Act, including disclosure requirements regarding so-called conflict minerals. It recommends for example repealing Section 1502 of the law, which requires annual disclosures about whether companies use minerals that originate in the strife-torn Democratic Republic of the Congo or neighboring countries.
The pay-gap rule goes into effect next year. It requires companies to report the ratio of median employee compensation to a chief executive officer's compensation.
It would be up to Congress to act on repealing parts of Dodd-Frank.
President Donald Trump campaigned on rolling back the law, which many Republicans believe is burdensome on the financial industry. Democrats say chipping away at Dodd-Frank encourages risky behavior by Wall Street.
“By streamlining the regulatory system, we can make the U.S. capital markets a true source of economic growth which will harness American ingenuity and allow small businesses to grow,” Mnuchin said in a statement.
Ric Flair hospitalized with ‘tough medical issues'
Ric Flair was hospitalized over the weekend with what was initially deemed a non-serious issue, but his representatives are now asking fans to pray for the wrestling legend.
On Saturday, the CEO of Legacy Tallent LLC confirmed that Flair had been admitted to the hospital but said it was for “routine monitoring” and there was “no reason to panic.” Something must have changed over the course of about 24 hours, because the management team was asking fans for prayers early Monday morning.
Are u a Fan/Friend of Ric Flair?If so, we need prayers & positive energy 4 our Living Legend as he is dealing w/some tough medical issues — MelindaMorrisZanoni (@LegacyTalentCEO) August 14, 2017
Flair, 68, has seemed like his usual self when making public appearances in the past year. He had a lot of fun with the last presidential election and shared some hilarious posts on social media about it. More recently, Flair has been campaigning for his friend and fellow WWE legend Kane, who is running for mayor of Knoxville County in Tennessee.
Here's hoping the Nature Boy makes a full recovery from whatever it is that's ailing him.
MORE than 50 Limerick projects will be taking to the stage in Dublin this January at the 2017 BT Young Scientist and Technology Exhibition, making it the county with the third highest number of entries, after Cork and Dublin.
With calf incubators, energy efficient kettles, traffic lights, and everything in between, the innovators of tomorrow are well and truly in our midst.
At least 54 entries from 14 secondary schools will be travelling to the exhibition on January 11 to 14, with some more projects having been added to the lineup at the last minute.
All systems are go in the schools, where students have been preparing for months in the hope of securing an accolade at the event.
Last year, Limerick schools won 14 awards — but this year's 120-strong Limerick team will be hoping to scoop more.
“Since participating in the event, we have seen the numbers of students opting to study science related subjects to senior cycle increase,” said John O'Flynn, science teacher at Salesian Secondary College, Pallaskenry.
“We also have noticed that students who have partaken in the event are more inquisitive and conscious of the science world around them,” added Mr O'Flynn.
More than two thousand project ideas were submitted by secondary students from 375 schools across the country, an increase of 2 percent from last year's exhibition.
The fifty-third BT Young Scientist and Technology Exhibition attracted individual and group entries from 4,591 students in total, an increase of over 3 percent on last year.
These hail from 31 counties, and girls once again outnumbered the boys with a gender split of 61 percent female to 39 percent male entrants.
Students submitted ideas and innovations on subjects ranging from migration to climate change to concussion injuries, with Social & Behavioural Sciences the most popular category nationally.
Minister for Education and Skills, Richard Bruton TD said: “The BT Young Scientist and Technology Exhibition is a fantastic platform for so many students in Ireland and it is a testament to all involved, that in its 53rd year, the event still continues to grow in such strength and numbers. I have been to the exhibition on numerous occasions and it is extremely inspiring and encouraging to see the talent that is being nurtured as students develop their ideas and bring them to life on a national stage,” added Minister Bruton.
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) — This morning's shooting of Louisiana Republican Representative Steve Scalise hit home for Minnesota Representative Erik Paulsen.
Paulsen shares a house in Washington with three other congressmen, including Majority Whip Scalise.
“You can imagine how hard it is to hear that someone you work along side with has been shot,” Paulsen told WCCO-TV.
Paulsen spent much of the day at a Washington-area hospital, where his roommate is in critical condition.
Paulsen is on the Republican baseball team, and even has his own baseball card.
By chance, he missed practice this morning because he was meeting constituents for a White House tour.
“I received a text from one of my other roommates saying there had been a shooting at the baseball practice and that Steve had been hit,” Paulsen said. “So my heart just sank immediately, wondering in my mind: what's happening?”
Scalise was shot as he stood at midfield near second base.
At the hospital: Paulsen says Scalise's Capitol security officer recounted for him the agonizing minutes while the attack was underway.
“He did say he saw Steve Scalise go down in the field, and he started shooting immediately to get the shooter's attention,” Paulsen said. “He had to use several magazines of bullets himself for protection . He said the barrel of the rifle was pretty much staring down right at him as he was firing.”
In Washington, Paulsen shares a house with Scalise and Congressmen Kevin Brady of Texas and John Shimkus of Illinois.
“We call him the Ragin' Cajun because he's got a flair for having fun. He's got a great family guy,” he said. “You may not be able to understand his accent, but in many ways he is very Minnesotan. 29 and Minnesota nice.”
At Scalise's hospital room, Paulsen and his roommates watched on television as Republican Speaker Paul Ryan and Democratic Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi appealed for unity.
Paulsen says he's shocked by the incident, but hopeful that the harsh political atmosphere will change.
“Despite the portrayal of Congress as not getting along, we are really all very collegial. And a family in some ways,” Paulsen said.
Image copyright Google Image caption Pro-life vigils have been held outside the Chalmers Centre, and other clinics
A councillor has called for "buffer zones" to "protect" women accessing sexual health services including abortions in Edinburgh.
Claire Miller's request follows vigils by a pro-life group outside Chalmers Centre in Lauriston Place and pro-life masses near Edinburgh Royal Infirmary.
She raised a motion at the council's South East Locality Committee.
The Society for the Protection of Unborn Children Scotland said the move would be against freedom of speech.
Ms Miller wants to help prevent patients feeling "harassed or intimidated" by the Helper's of God's Precious Infants.
Flash point
Speaking at Monday's meeting, Ms Miller said: "I brought this here because I became aware that there were vigils taking place outside clinics across Edinburgh in the south east locality where medical services are being provided to women including terminations.
"One of the reasons this came to my attention was because a counter vigil started outside the Chalmers clinic.
"While that has got the best of intentions, it starts to create a flash point around the clinic which is basically providing medical services.
"Unfortunately, the protest groups who are protesting against access to abortions design their vigils in such a way that it's very difficult for the police, without support from any other agency, to rule that those demonstrations are unlawful and move them on."
Ealing Council in London became the first authority in the UK to use anti-social behaviour laws to create "buffer zones" outside abortion clinics - using legislation available in England.
Cllr Miller hopes Edinburgh can become the first place to put "buffer zones" in place north of the border.
Speaking after the meeting, she said: "Patients say that prayer vigils outside clinics are upsetting, distressing and intimidating.
"I strongly believe we need to protect the right to access medical services without any distress or difficulty."
The motion was unanimously backed by the committee, and officers will put together a report on available options.
The Society for the Protection of Unborn Children Scotland said the motion was "completely unacceptable".
A spokesman said: "We are aware of a few groups that organise peaceful pro-life vigils outside facilities that perform abortions.
"Scotland has a proud history of respecting freedom of expression and we would hope that Edinburgh City Council continue to respect and protect this basic human right.
"For a local authority to consider introducing 'censorship zones' around abortion facilities is completely unacceptable.
"Such a move by Edinburgh Council would be an attack on freedom of expression."
Mr. Taylor, age 83, of Mt. Juliet, passed away May 27, 2018.
Mr. Taylor was owner of Taylor's Automotive in Mt. Juliet for about 38 years. He enjoyed stock-car racing in his younger years. From 1991-92, he was the exalted ruler at the Madison Elks Lodge No. 2473 and was involved in the lodge for many years. He was a member of the Mt. Juliet Church of Christ, and he enjoyed hunting, fishing and his cabin in West Tennessee.
Mr. Taylor was preceded in death by his wife, Beverly Ray Taylor; parents, Millard and Cora Taylor; sisters, Louise Stamphill, Eloise Hand; and brother, Charles Taylor.
He is survived by his children, Shelia (Phillip) Stacey, Mike (Judy) Taylor, Millard Ray Taylor, Steve L. Taylor, Cathy (Robert) English; sister, Jama Schoomps; grandchildren, Laura Mealey, Tim Smith, Jeff (Erica) Taylor, Tracey Taylor (Cody) Calvin and Stephen English; five great-grandchildren; one great-great-grandchild; several nieces and nephews; and longtime friend, Dorothy Ellis.
Arrangements are by Sellars Funeral Home at Mt. Juliet at 2229 N. Mt. Juliet Road, 615-758-5459, obituary line 615-758-8818, sellarsfuneralservices.com.
With The Lebanon Democrat's new obituary email newsletter, you can stay up to date and have the latest obituary notices sent directly to your inbox as they are published. Click here to sign up today.
by Jonathan Schumann
(This week, Jonathan Schumann returns to Arts and Leisure to review Mother! Jonathan, who shared this column with his dad, Mark Schumann, from 1999 to 2006, now lives in New York City.)
Ugh. How do you solve a problem like Mother!, the new film from filmmaker Darren Aronofsky? And even more challenging, how do you write about it without giving away its many twists and turns? I hesitate to say “plot twists and turns” as there isn't much plot to speak of. So, buckle up.
A nameless man (Javier Bardem) and woman (Jennifer Lawrence) live in what seems to be bucolic splendor in a charming fixer upper. He seems to be some sort of writer, she seems to be more of a homebody. What feels like a set-up for a new HGTV series takes an unexpected turn when a strange man (also nameless, played by Ed Harris) arrives at the door late one night. Bardem is welcoming, Lawrence is suspicious.
The next day, the man's wife arrives in the glorious form of Michelle Pfeiffer who should appear in more movies. How great to see this luminous actress working on a big screen. And let's be clear. The only reason I'm giving this movie even a single bucket (and not what would be an unprecedented zero buckets) is because of Pfeiffer's vampy, campy turn. Unfortunately, it's a small role. And, when she leaves, I wanted to follow her to whatever narrative she was exiting to, a late 80s Aaron Spelling soap, no doubt. This pair of unexpected arrivals leads to more uninvited guests, and a menacing spiral of events that builds to a catastrophic end.
That's about as much as I can say without giving too much of the “plot” away. Not that I'm entirely sure what happened or what it means. Much has been written about what the film's loose story and archetypes might represent. Is it about climate change? Is it a biblical allegory? Is it a cautionary tale about the pratfalls of fame? Perhaps a Rosemary's Baby homage for the Trump era? To be honest, I have no idea. I love allegory. I love filmmakers breaking the rules and experimenting and disrupting the status quo. But there's not enough here to go on. It may all make sense in Aronofsky's mind, but he doesn't pull the curtain back far enough to let us in. And a filmmaker this complex needs, at times, to help translate what he's thinking.
To be clear, Aronofsky's skills as a visual storyteller continue to amaze. The camerawork and narrative point of view here are stellar. But superior craftsmanship can't make up for a hollow story. I will offer props to Paramount for funding this disaster. In an increasingly cautious filmmaking landscape, few studios are willing to fund original stories. And, though this one fails, the fact that it was made in the first place is a good thing.
Streaming Pick: Black Swan
This Aronofsky film does a much better job of balancing absurd, camp elements with a coherent narrative flow. The movie — about a ballerina who is totally losing it — works because of its grounding in the reality of Lincoln Center and rich characters brought to life by actors doing superior work. Barbara Hershey and Vincent Cassel are great in supporting roles, but the film belongs to Natalie Portman, doing her best work ever (and Oscar agreed).
Mother! is rated R for strong disturbing violent content, some sexuality, nudity and language. The film runs 2 hours, 1 minute, and is showing in local theaters. 1 Popcorn Bucket. Want to read more about films by Darren Aronofsky? Check the Reel Dad at Arts and Leisure online at hersamacorn.com.
Aronofsky makes us think with The Wrestler
By Mark Schumann
The Reel Dad
As he tries to do Mother!, filmmaker Darren Aronofsky makes us think with his 2008 film, The Wrestler. Unlike his latest film, however, The Wrestler creates its impact through the development of characters that make sense in a narrative that never lets up.
The lead character Aronofsky's powerful film could be working in any profession. He could be, in fact, anyone who formerly enjoyed a spotlight, commanded a crowd, attracted fans. That he steps into a wrestling ring to do his work is incidental; the event is simply a metaphor for how a world can treat those it considers has-beens. And the lessons the film offers can be meaningful to anyone.
When released, the film attracted a lot of attention, for good reason, for the striking work of Mickey Rourke in the title role. But the value of The Wrestler reaches beyond any one performer. This is a beautifully written and directed character study of a man who tries to reinvent his life when he is no longer able to do the work for which he has trained all of his life. That he has better days behind him gives him history, but does not make him pitiful. When this man steps into his ring, he knows who is, and what his work involves. He's just not prepared for it to be taken away from him.
The Wrestler opens with “Randy Ram” as he does a good night's work on the professional wrestling/intense performing circuit. Nothing seems off limits in the effort to excite an audience and, in two brutal sequences, we are shown just how far these performers will go to entertain. Unfortunately, Randy forgets his age, and the damage he has done to his body over the years, and suffers a heart attack. The film focuses on his efforts of rehabilitation, physical and emotional, as he strives to carve a life that can thrive outside the rink.
Unfortunately, for Randy, as for many professionals who have focused on their careers, the relationships closest to them have given way to other priorities. So when he tries to reconnect with his long-lost daughter, beautifully played by Rachel Evan Wood, he experiences the pain of many a parent trying to reach out. And when he tries to establish a relationship with a dancer in a club, perfectly portrayed by Marisa Tomei, he learns that the charm he conveys when he works doesn't always work when he lives.
At the center of the film is Rourke who is pitch perfect in every moment. Rarely do we get to see an actor, a role and a director so creatively aligned. Rourke doesn't perform the part; he is the part; and he is heartbreaking. While much attention initially went to the brutality of the wrestling sequences, the finest moments in the film are the quiet ones, when Rourke's face and eyes register a despair that reaches off the screen.
The Wrestler is a film that is so good, so lasting, and in other hands could have been so wrong. It turns out Nicholas Cage was originally cast in the lead role. That would have made it a star turn. What adds to the drama on screen is how we know, as an audience, that Rourke is fighting for his professional life, too.
The Wrestler, released in 2008, is Rated R for violence, sexuality/nudity, language and drug use. The film runs 1 hour, 49 minutes, and is available online.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A drunk and disruptive Croydon man who repeatedly abused staff on a flight from Gatwick to St Lucia has been jailed.
Uche Ezedinma had to be physically restrained and caused the Virgin Atlantic aircraft to be diverted due to his persistently bad behaviour.
He was verbally and physically aggressive throughout, which included spitting at a member of staff, punching the overhead storage and threatening numerous other cabin crew.
He also smoked a cigarette in the toilet, which is strictly prohibited by airlines.
The 36-year-old had been travelling in the company of his mother, a further 247 passengers and 10 crew members on the Airbus A330 to St Lucia on January 28, 2017.
Less than halfway into the journey, it was diverted to the Azores in Portugal to offload Ezedinma, of Elgin Road, Addiscombe and continue its journey.
This was due to safety concerns for the aircraft and those on board, and was a decision not taken lightly by the captain, as it was the first time in 20 years as a Virgin pilot he had to divert a flight due to passenger behaviour.
Ezedinma was removed from the plane by local officers, and the remaining passengers were required to disembark to enable the plane to refuel – as a result of the extra fuel consumed by the diversion.
Following this, the flight resumed without any further issues, and the incident was reported to Sussex Police.
A protracted enquiry process via Interpol was undertaken to determine what action the Portuguese authorities had taken, and it was confirmed the defendant was allowed on his way after just two hours of administrative paperwork.
Investigators at Gatwick Police conducted an investigation and gained sufficient evidence to present to the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS), and Ezedinma was subsequently charged with being drunk in an aircraft and negligently acting in a manner likely to endanger an aircraft or any person therein.
At Lewes Crown Court on Tuesday, June 26, he was sentenced to a total of 14 months' imprisonment and ordered to pay a £140 victim surcharge.
Detective Sergeant Patrick Sweeney, who was part of the investigation, said: “The language, attitude and behaviour displayed by Ezedinma throughout the flight was completely unacceptable.
“No passenger or crew should have to experience such abject abuse on board an aircraft, and the sentence imposed sends a clear message to others that this sort of behaviour will not be tolerated.
“There are numerous signs on board every aircraft which indicate smoking is strictly prohibited, and Ezedinma blatantly ignored these signs, potentially causing a real danger to the aircraft and those on board.”
In May, Sussex Police launched its annual summer crackdown on disruptive passengers in partnership with Gatwick Airport.
The operation aims to prevent drunken and disruptive behaviour on flights and in the airport through early engagement with passengers.
DS Sweeney added: “This case demonstrates that while we increase resources for our summer campaign, we will continue to detect and deter disruptive behaviour 365 days a year.
“It further demonstrates that we will deal robustly with anyone who fails to comply with the law, which is clearly outlined at various locations throughout Gatwick Airport.
“It is an offence to be drunk on board an aircraft, and passengers need to be aware of their own responsibilities before they board a flight. By all means have fun, but don't ruin it for yourself or anyone else.”
A Virgin Atlantic spokesman added: “The safety and security of our customers and crew is always our top priority, and we will not tolerate disruptive or abusive behaviour on board any Virgin Atlantic aircraft.
“We continue to work closely with the relevant authorities and will always seek prosecution for those individuals that cause disruption to our services through unacceptable behaviour.”
Austin Seferian-Jenkins has a new home Former Jets TE Austin Seferian-Jenkins signed a two-year, $10 million deal with the Jaguars Thursday, according to a source. The deal can be worth $11 million with incentives. Seferian-Jenkins and...
Austin Seferian-Jenkins era may be over for Jets at tight end The Jets may be looking for a new tight end. A source said Austin Seferian-Jenkins is likely leaving as a free agent. The Jets and Seferian-Jenkins have been negotiating since...
Jets must clean house before making free-agency splash The Jets promised their fans a big offseason this week. “I think that the fans are going to be happy with our movement as we go into the next year,”...
Will Jon Gruden's Raiders be poaching a Jets coach? The Jets hired a new offensive coordinator in 2017. Will they have to do the same in 2018? There has been speculation Jon Gruden will try to hire Jets offensive...
Jets must back up contender talk with immediate action FOXBOROUGH, Mass. — Almost as soon as Jets ownership's announcement of the contract extensions for coach Todd Bowles and general manager Mike Maccagnan were made Friday, their players rejoiced and,...
Jets players: Todd Bowles has created a 'really united' team The Jets players have been bowled over by coach Todd Bowles this season. He wanted to change the culture, so he instituted his “One Team, One Goal” philosophy in the...
Austin Seferian-Jenkins must be major part of the Jets' future The time since that day in late January has gone by rather quickly. But when Austin Seferian-Jenkins looks in the mirror now, he likes what he sees. Seferian-Jenkins' first day...
Jets can do more than keep playoff hopes alive with win DENVER — Let's set this straight right up front: The Jets are very likely not going to make the playoffs. This is not designed to disrespect the Jets, who are...
Austin Seferian Jenkins: Replays likely will never go my way Austin Seferian-Jenkins isn't counting on his instant-replay luck changing anytime soon. The Jets tight end, who has had two touchdown calls overturned against him, won't be hoping for that to...
Facebook shares tumbled Monday following reports that user data had been inappropriately obtained. Cambridge Analytica, whose clients included Donald Trump's presidential campaign, reportedly used the data of 50 million Facebook users without their permission. (Published 2 hours ago)
Facebook shares tumbled Monday following reports that user data had been inappropriately obtained. Cambridge Analytica, whose clients included Donald... See More
Donald Trump is adding lawyer Joseph diGenova to the legal team defending him in Robert Mueller's investigation into Russian election meddling, after the president lashed out at the special counsel over the weekend.
DiGenova has publicly attacked Mueller's investigation and the FBI, saying he believes Trump was framed by Justice Department officials on a political vendetta. He also has advocated for Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, who oversees Mueller's work, to be removed and appointed as a judge. DiGenova will start later this week, said Trump lawyer Jay Sekulow.
Joseph diGenova Photographer: Alex Wong/Hulton Archive via Getty Images
Criticism of the Russia investigation by diGenova, a former U.S. attorney for the District of Columbia, is a break from Trump's current lawyers who have largely refrained from publicly attacking Mueller and taken a posture of cooperation.
But Trump has grown increasingly frustrated with the investigation and made his first direct attacks on Mueller and his team over the weekend after another Trump lawyer, John Dowd, called for shutting down the investigation into possible collusion between the president's campaign and Russia.
White House lawyer Ty Cobb issued a statement on Sunday evening saying Trump “is not considering or discussing the firing of Mueller,” and a senior Republican senator said Monday evening that proposed legislation to protect the special counsel isn't necessary.
“I know Mueller well and believe him to be a straight shooter, and I continue to believe that giving Mueller the time and support necessary to get to the bottom of things is in the best interest of all parties involved,” Orrin Hatch of Utah said in a statement. “My conversations with the White House have led him me to believe legislation is not necessary at this point because I do not believe the president would take such a foolish action.”
Trump's legal team recruited deGenova after determining that issues surrounding Mueller's probe had reached the point where they needed additional help, particularly as negotiations continue for the president to be interviewed by Mueller, said a person familiar with the matter. The addition of diGenova extends to his firm, diGenova & Toensing LLP, though it's not immediately clear how many lawyers that would include.
Unsubstantiated Claims
DiGenova has been a prominent critic of the Russia investigation, appearing frequently on Fox News and other conservative outlets. He has accused the Obama administration of initiating the probe in order to hurt Trump.
“There was a brazen plot by senior officials at DOJ and the FBI in the Obama administration and senior Obama administration intelligence officials to exonerate Hillary Clinton falsely and then to frame Donald Trump if Hillary lost the election,” he said on Fox News on March 6.
There is no evidence the claim is true.
In an interview this month with the Daily Caller, he said FBI officials “plotted to ruin” Trump as a candidate and “destroy him as a president,” claims that are also unsubstantiated. He called Trey Gowdy, the House Oversight chairman and a top Republican on the House Intelligence Committee, a “fruit cake” and said Rosenstein is “afraid of his own shadow” and complained he hadn't done a better job reining in Mueller, in an interview this month on radio station WMAL.
Trump Aims Directly at Mueller in Ramped-Up Criticism of Probe
The naming of diGenova comes amid tensions between Trump and his legal team, who have advocated for Trump to resist his combative instincts with regard to the investigation. But that strategy appeared to shift with the statements over the weekend from Dowd and Trump calling for an end to the investigation It took more than 24 hours for Cobb to issue his statement saying Trump had no plans to fire Mueller.
It addition to Trump's team is also a signal that Trump's lawyers don't see the probe ending soon. Cobb said since the summer that the investigation wouldn't stench beyond the end of 2017.
“I have worked with Joe for many years and have full confidence that he will be a great asset in our representation of the president,” said Sekulow, who like diGenova has been publicly chipping away at Mueller's investigation.
Trump's Lawyer Uses Radio Show to Chip Away at Mueller Probe
Speculation that Trump was planning a legal team shakeup had swirled since The New York Times reported that former Clinton lawyer Emmet Flood had met with Trump as he was planning to add to his legal team. Trump called the report a “false story.”
“I am VERY happy with my lawyers,” Trump said on Twitter. “They are doing a great job.”
Multiple Clients
DiGenova's firm, which he started with his wife Victoria Toensing, is representing several other clients involved in the Russia investigations, including Trump campaign aide Sam Clovis and the former spokesman for Trump's legal team Mark Corallo. Toensing is also representing Erik Prince, the founder of Blackwater Security Consulting and an informal Trump adviser. DiGenova and Toensing didn't immediately respond to a request for comment.
DiGenova's work for Trump may come under Mueller's scrutiny. While it's not unusual for an attorney to have several clients in the same matter, the clients must agree that their interests are served. Such agreements may be severed in the event the clients end up in a position to testify against each other.
Can Trump Dismiss the Special Counsel? Not Exactly: QuickTake
William Burck, a former federal prosecutor, is representing three prominent figures involved in the Trump probes -- White House Counsel Don McGahn, former strategist Steve Bannon and former Chief of Staff Reince Priebus.
Burck's representation of all three was approved by Mueller, according to a person familiar with the matter.
In November, Mueller and the Justice Department asked judges to review a potential conflict of interest involving a lawyer for Rick Gates, who was accused of money laundering with campaign chair Paul Manafort. The lawyer also represents a California man accused of fraud and who has a longstanding personal and business relationship with Gates.
After questioning Gates and the California defendant, the judges determined that the lawyer could represent both men. Gates later changed his lawyer and has since pleaded guilty and agreed to cooperate with Mueller's probe.
‘Valuable Civics Lesson'
DiGenova is well worn in the world of Washington investigations. He served as an independent counsel who concluded that officials under former President George H.W. Bush didn't commit a crime in 1992 when they searched then President-elect Bill Clinton's passport files. DiGenova was named as a special counsel in 1997 to probe the International Brotherhood of Teamsters and was hired by the New York State Senate to investigate Democratic Governor Elliot Spitzer.
He was an outspoken critic of Clinton during the Whitewater investigations and advocated for his indictment.
“The nation, in fact, could conceivably benefit from the indictment of a president,” diGenova said in a 1997 Wall Street Journal interview. “It would teach the valuable civics lesson that no one is above the law.”
— With assistance by Tom Schoenberg, David Voreacos, and Steven T. Dennis
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Two men have been charged after a man was attacked in his own home in Emmer Green .
Cleon Douglin, 33, of Coley Avenue, Coley Park, and Trishtan Douglin, 31, of Prince of Wales Avenue, West Reading , were arrested on Saturday, December 31.
Both men were charged on Sunday, January 1 with one count of wounding with intent and one count of possession of an offensive weapon.
The charges are in connection with an incident in Marshland Square, on Thursday, December 29 in which a man in his 20s was assaulted at a home.
The man was taken to hospital with injuries to his head and legs.
Both arrested men appeared at Reading Magistrates' Court on Monday, January 2.
They were remanded in custody and are due to appear at Reading Crown Court on Monday, January 30.
(KHON) — It was supposed to be a summer vacation for a mother and her son.
If they had traveled together as planned, they would have been out of the country and set to return this Saturday.
Instead, Katherine Aikau is making her way home after the tragic murder-suicide involving her son and estranged husband.
The bodies of Gerald Aikau, 42, and his 7-year-old son, Reef, were found on the same Pauoa property where surf legend Eddie Aikau grew up.
We learned through court records that Katherine Aikau had planned a trip with Reef Aikau, but the boy's father refused to sign off on a passport.
Court documents give a glimpse into the Aikau's troubled relationship.
“I have immediate safety concerns for my son,” Katherine Aikau wrote. “I have an out of country trip planned for my son and I during his summer vacation … (but the) plaintiff has refused to assist in processing passport paperwork.”
Ultimately, Reef Aikau could not make the overseas trip.
Why must both parents sign for a child's passport? We turned to attorneys at the law firm Coates and Frey for answers.
“There's always the possibility of flight,” said attorney Bradley Coates. “There are some countries where you get out and don't return. It's very difficult and very expensive to get them back.”
The two-parent consent law decreases the likelihood of a U.S. passport being used to kidnap a child, technically called international parental child abduction.
“She probably wanted the passport for pleasure or other purposes, and the court had yet to enter the order to allow her to do that,” said attorney P. Gregory Frey. “Whether she could have, we're never going to know unfortunately, because she never got to go to court to make that formally.”
Unless there is a custody order, both parents have equal rights to a minor child.
“The problem in this case was if she had had an order granting her temporary sole custody, she might have been able to have more control of the situation,” Coates said. “(But) they kept postponing the order. Nobody had actually gotten custody in this case.
“Domestic violence is obviously at the root of this. That's the root of the problem,” Coates added. “That's very prevalent in Hawaii, unfortunately.”
We reached out to Katherine Aikau, but have not yet heard back.
SCOTTSDALE, Ariz. — Best shape of his life? That spring training cliche will never apply to Pablo Sandoval, listed at 5-foot-11, 268 pounds.
Best mental outlook of his life? On that front, Sandoval, 31, might be in tip-top condition.
“I'm super happy,” he said.
The mercurial Panda blasted the Giants on his way out the free-agent door in 2015, saying the only people he'd miss were Manager Bruce Bochy and outfielder Hunter Pence.
That was three years ago. This spring, Sandoval sounds as if he's at peace again — and he's playing that way. Through 36 at-bats in Cactus League play, he's hitting .306 with a .357 on-base percentage and a .528 slugging percentage.
“You know, you learn a lot of things in your career. Ups and downs,” Sandoval said. “You have to be humble and keep your head up no matter what … You know you need a little effort to work hard to be part of this team and enjoy the ride.”
Sandoval has embraced his potential role as a utility infielder, splitting innings this spring almost equally between third base and first base. He made a terrific diving stop at first base Sunday in a 13-0 victory over the Colorado Rockies. He also went 2 for 4 with a homer and 4 RBIs.
The switch-hitter would give the Giants another right-handed option at first base on days they don't want Brandon Belt facing a left-hander.
“If I make the team, I'm going to be ready for everything, every situation, every opportunity I'm going to get,” Sandoval said after Sunday's game. “I just keep working on things I can handle and try to do the best I can out there for my teammates.”
There's no guarantee he makes the team, but it's hard to imagine him faltering at this stage. Bochy said he has to wait to see how things shake out, but mentioned Sandoval as a backup infielder who could also serve as an emergency catcher.
“That's pretty nice to have: a guy with his experience — and the threat that he is — coming off the bench,” the manager said Sunday.
It helps that Sandoval is healthy again. He had season-ending left-shoulder surgery in May 2016. It's been a long road back to full strength, but he says now that he can swing freely from either side of the plate. (Sandoval hit solely from the left side for the last half of 2015).
“When you don't feel pain, you're not afraid to swing,” he said. “It feels the same as it was before surgery and early in my career. So I feel great.”
Sandoval batted .222/.263/.375 as a late-season call-up last year. The Giants brought in Evan Longoria to play third base, but Sandoval could be an inexpensive veteran backup. The Red Sox paid $18.05 million to buy out his contract option; the Giants would pick up a $545,000 tab.
Besides showing some pop at the plate (.885 OPS), Sandoval is saying the right things. He might consider a second career writing baseball Hallmark cards. A sampling from his post-game session on Sunday:
“No matter the situation out there, we're going to work together as a team.”
“Having fun and playing together is great.”
“It's such a great team, such a great group.”
“To be around those guys and have fun is one of the things you're looking for during the season.”
Related Articles Giants' roster taking shape as position battles rage on
Two Giants' infielders shaking up spring competition In the least, Sandoval is making an impression this spring. His more diligent approach has Bochy's attention.
“Pablo's worked hard,” he said. “He comes out and does all his work every day on the defensive side. He's known for his hitting, but he worked hard on his defense.”
— Kerry Crowley of the Bay Area News Group contributed to this report.
Ted Raymond, Newstalk 580 CFRA
Ottawa Police say 29 commercial vehicles have been placed out of service following a two-day safety blitz Thursday and Friday.
Police conducted the blitz with the help of the Ministries of Transportation and the Environment. Seven CVSA-certified commercial motor vehicle inspectors conducted the vehicle inspections.
Over the two days, Ottawa Police say 62 inspections were conducted. In addition to the 29 vehicles being placed out of service, police say 54 charges were laid for things like moving violations, vehicle maintenance, load securement, and annual inspections.
Police say some of the most severe problems included a dump truck with several non-functional brake systems, and a tractor trailer with bald tires, which could lead to a tire blowout.
In early February, a 50-year-old Carleton Place man was killed when a tire flew off a tractor trailer and struck his van while he's traveling on Highway 417. The driver of the tractor trailer and his employer were charged under the Highway Traffic Act.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- Seeing is believing.
Police in Kansas City are using a brand-new series of surveillance cameras which have been installed in a neighborhood that's been labeled as being at-risk for a long time.
An extra set of eyes are already making a difference. It's been about a month since Kansas City leaders installed a new set of high-tech surveillance cameras up and down Independence Avenue. Kansas City Police Sgt. Pat Rauzi says that officers can control the cameras remotely -- panning, tilting and even zooming in --and they're helping police see more.
"Independence Avenue has had various crime problems throughout the decades," Sgt. Rauzi told FOX 4 News, while giving a brief detail of violent crimes in the neighborhood.
Sgt. Rauzi says eight cameras have been purchased during the past two years, thanks to money donated by the Northeast Chamber, and its use of CID tax funds. Rauzi says six of those cameras are brand new, and the two older ones, which have been in place on Independence Avenue have helped police.
"It's given critical information in regards to homicides. Having a picture of a vehicle, even though you may not get the license plates, that's still a critical piece of information. It's something we can get out to the public to help catch that offender," Sgt. Rauzi said.
Kansas City Police aren't divulging the location of all the cameras on Independence Avenue. However, one camera, which sits high above the intersection of Independence and Brooklyn Avenue, hangs just outside the Brooklyn Market.
"It's really helped. Now, the police are checking all the time," Humayun Sikandar, the market owner, commented.
Sikandar, a native of Pakistan, who has owned the store for three years, says neighbors know about that camera, and it's proving to be a deterrent to crime.
"The bad people are not here. The good people are coming. The business is growing. The bad people aren't coming to this area. They're scared to come up here," Sikandar said.
"We do interviews like this to let the criminal element in the city know, 'Hey, this is not acceptable on the Avenue, and we're going to do what we can to capture you'," Sgt. Rauzi said.
Sgt. Rauzi says the cameras on Independence Avenue are not the end. He says city leaders are planning to install more cameras in other parts of the city, but for now, those locations are a secret.
Sean Maguire has been called up to the provisional Republic of Ireland squad for the World Cup qualifiers with Georgia and Serbia.
The former Cork City striker scored 20 goals in the SSE Airtricity Premier Division this season before a move to Preston North End last month.
In total, 39 players have been included in the squad including Liam Kelly, John Egan, Greg Cunningham and Maguire's Preston team-mates Daryl Horgan and Alan Browne
There are also recalls for Rob Elliot, Paul McShane, Ciaran Clark, James McCarthy, Stephen Quinn, David Meyler, Shane Long and Kevin Doyle, who all missed the games against Mexico, Uruguay and Austria.
Ireland are away to Georgia on 2 September and home to Serbia on 5 September.
The players will report into camp on Monday 28 August, where O'Neill will trim the panel ahead of training in Dublin.
The squad will depart for Tbilisi the following Thursday.
Republic of Ireland provisional squad:
Goalkeepers: Darren Randolph (Middlesbrough), Keiren Westwood (Sheffield Wednesday), Rob Elliot (Newcastle United), Colin Doyle (Bradford City)
Defenders: Cyrus Christie (Middlesbrough), Richard Keogh, Alex Pearce (Derby County), Paul McShane (Reading), Shane Duffy (Brighton & Hove Albion), Ciaran Clark (Newcastle United), John O'Shea (Sunderland), John Egan (Brentford), Greg Cunningham (Preston North End), Kevin Long, Stephen Ward (Burnley), Matt Doherty (Wolverhampton Wanderers)
Midfielders: Aiden McGeady (Sunderland), James McClean (West Bromwich Albion), Glenn Whelan, Conor Hourihane (Aston Villa), Jeff Hendrick, Robbie Brady (Burnley), James McCarthy (Everton), Stephen Quinn, Liam Kelly (Reading), David Meyler (Hull City), Harry Arter (Bournemouth), Eunan O'Kane (Leeds United), Wes Hoolahan (Norwich City), Jonathan Hayes (Celtic), Callum O'Dowda (Bristol City), Alan Browne, Daryl Horgan (Preston North End)
Strikers: Jonathan Walters (Burnley), Shane Long (Southampton), Daryl Murphy (Nottingham Forest), David McGoldrick (Ipswich Town), Kevin Doyle (Colorado Rapids), Sean Maguire (Preston North End)
OLATHE, Kan. (AP) — A former Johnson County corrections employee was sentenced to six months in prison for lewd behavior and trafficking in contraband.
The Kansas City Star reports 25-year-old Alyssa Jo Staats was sentenced Monday to six months of “shock time” in jail as a condition for a two-year probation sentence.
Staats was originally charged last year with having unlawful sexual relations with an adult offender in the county's Therapeutic Community, an intensive drug treatment program.
She pleaded no contest and was found guilty in December on amended charges of trafficking contraband in a correctional facility, obstructing a law enforcement officer and lewd and lascivious behavior.
By NASSER KARIMI and MOHAMMAD NASIRI | The Associated Press
TEHRAN, Iran (AP) — A grainy video of female officers from Iran's morality police assaulting a young woman whose headscarf only loosely covered her hair has sparked a new public debate on the decades-long requirement for women in the Islamic Republic.
While officials of all ranks up to President Hassan Rouhani have weighed in on the incident, it has seen women in Iran not only question the rule that they must wear the hijab in the street but also their faith in the theocratic Shiite-dominated nation.
Start your day with the news you need from the Bay Area and beyond.
Sign up for our new Morning Report weekday newsletter.
Even before the 1979 Islamic Revolution, the long, flowing black robes for women known as chadors and the headscarves, or hijabs, were both a political and religious symbol in the Shiite-dominated nation.
“I used to be a person who would always say her prayers and deeply believed in God,” said Afrouz, 28, who like other women who spoke to The Associated Press in Tehran would only give their first name for fear of retribution.
“I would always say grace before having a meal. Right now, I believe in none of those things.”
The video appeared online last week, with activists suggesting it was taken in Tehran, though nothing in it offers hints at its location.
It shows a young woman with a long red scarf loosely covering her head, her hair clearly showing, being surrounded by three morality policewomen wearing chadors, who grab her. One grabs her by the throat. She screams, they pick her up off her feet. She then ends up on the ground, weeping as another woman comforts her before the officers grab her again.
“Why are you hitting me? You have been destroying us for 30 years,” she is heard shouting at one point.
The video went viral on social media and drew an immediate reaction from officials. Iran's interior minister, Abdolreza Rahmani Fazli, ordered authorities on Thursday to investigate the incident soon after Masoumeh Ebtekar, a female vice president for women's affairs, condemned the police's “violent” approach to the situation.
Reformist lawmaker Tayebeh Siavoshi said Saturday that the policewoman seen in the video grabbing the young woman's throat has been suspended pending the investigation. None of the women in the video have been identified.
“Imposing (force on women) will lead nowhere,” she said.
President Rouhani, a cleric who is considered a moderate within Iran's political system, also criticized the morality police in a speech on Saturday. The police force's stated mandate is “promoting virtue and preventing vice.”
“Grabbing people's collars to promote virtue will not work,” Rouhani warned. “You cannot do it by being aggressive.”
Hard-liners, however, have dismissed the video as a foreign plot. The hard-line Kayhan daily on Sunday described the video as “strange and suspicious,” noting foreign activists have promoted it. Previously, hard-liners pointed to a campaign challenging the hijab launched by a journalist at the Persian service of the Voice of America, which is funded by the U.S. government.
On Monday, judiciary chief Ayatollah Sadegh Amoli Larijani said he supported the morality police, adding that “law enforcement should not withdraw a single inch.”
But on the streets of Tehran, women are openly discussing the video and their own encounters with morality police.
“I think that it was very unnecessary the way that the police, or the morality police, handled the situation,” said Hamraz, 27, an Austrian national born to Iranian parents who are on vacation in Tehran. “It was very unfortunate that it was caught on camera, but in a way it was good that everyone got to see how people are being treated: very unjust and very unfair.”
Sahar, a 25-year-old university student, agreed.
“I think everyone must be free to choose what they believe in and we can deal with each other more peacefully instead of trying to induce people to do what you think is right,” she said. “This method surely will not work.”
The hijab and chador have long been parts of Persian culture. They became political symbols in 1936, when Iran's pro-Western ruler Reza Shah Pahlavi banned the garments amid his efforts to rapidly modernize Iran. The ban became a source of humiliation for some pious Muslim women in the country.
As the 1979 Islamic Revolution took hold, Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini ordered female civil servants to wear the chador. At first, thousands of women protested the decision in Tehran and Khomeini later said officials should not insult women who chose not to wear it — though he also called the chador “the flag of the revolution.”
The hijab and loose-fitting clothing later became mandatory for all women in Iran. And though some freedoms for women were curtailed in the years that followed, Iranian women were still allowed to drive, unlike in Saudi Arabia, and hold public office.
In Tehran today, some fashionable young women wear tighter clothes with a scarf loosely covering their head, technically meeting the requirements of the law while drawing the ire of conservatives.
Related Articles Former Modesto pastors on leave amid new sexual allegations
California man charged with hate crimes for allegedly having ‘kill lists' of prominent Jewish community members
Some Oakland churches offer drastic advice: Stop calling the police
Marijuana is part of its religion, says California church fighting to stay open
Tom Cruise, John Travolta feuding over their standing in Scientology's hierarchy Women arrested for showing their hair in public in Iran can receive jail terms of two months or less and face fines equivalent to $25.
In December, Tehran's police said they would no longer arrest women for not observing the Islamic dress code as video clips of women choosing not to wear hijabs and walking the streets with their heads uncovered spread across social media.
One image — of a young woman, head uncovered and waving her hijab like a flag in Tehran's Enghelab Street — became famous during economic protests that swept Iran later that month. Tehran's prosecutor, Abbas Jafari Dolatabadi, said in March that the woman had been sentenced to 24 months in prison.
The telecommunication junction box she stood on in the photograph has since been re-welded to stop women from standing on it, though protests continue.
.
Love is a lot of things as we know, and complicated is one of them, but when suspicion arises amid the complication that could spell disaster. On tonight's episode of Love is, Nuri starts to have questions—the right questions anyone should have for a potential lover—but she was so caught up in the rapture that she didn't even think about it. Hold that thought though, because we'll get there.
We start the episode with older Nuri explaining that every couple should go through a cocoon phase in their courtship. This usually happens at the beginning and it's where the couple shuts out the world and focuses on each other. Then we flash back to young Yasir and Nuri in their cocoon. They're falling deeper in love. Their cocoon started from the moment they went to the Wynton Marsallis concert and according to Nuri, those 18-hours were some of the best moments of their relationship.
They took the party back to Nuri's new house after the concert and almost got it on. It got really hot and heavy until Nuri pointed out that it's Ramadan and they need to chill. No nookie for now. This works out because Nuri recently made a promise to herself that she didn't want to have sex with anyone other than her husband in her new home. Yasir is cool with it and makes moves to leave, but his car won't start. He refuses to knock on Nuri's door to ask to borrow her triple A card. But Nuri is watching him struggle and invites him inside because she doesn't want him to leave anyway. In hindsight (older Yasir) said he felt like that night with Nuri was his lifeline. They get through the night and manage to fight temptation.
via GIPHY
The next day, Nuri discovers that she got the day off work so they spend even more time cupcaking! Yasir even helps her get work done around her home. Nuri even gives him an honest run down about her boy toys, because y'all know she was a player, but things have changed and she has no problem cutting any of these men off. Their time gets cut short when Nuri discovers that she needs to go support her coworker-friend Angela on a blind date. The plan is for Nuri to “coincidentally” bump into Angela and access the situation. If Angela isn't feeling the guy then Nuri will run a distraction to end the date early. Nuri and Yasir agree to meet up again later that night.
Yasir goes back to Ruby's place to look for a AAA card and discovers that Ruby secretly had liposuction (she's bandaged up and looking super sad). In Ruby's mind, she “can't have all the hips and butt” she has if she's going to be a successful yoga instructor, so this is what she needed to do in order to have a successful yoga business in LA. “I do not have the body my clients want,” said Ruby. Yasir replies, “but you have the knowledge.”
Yasir is obviously disturbed seeing Ruby this way, especially because she has no one to help her recover (not even the “anorexic peron who got her into this situaton,” the person who picked her up post-op)so he tells her that he always thought she was beautiful and even helps her drain her post-operation tools and keeps her walking around to avoid blood clots. This is when Ruby reveals that she was riding him about money so hard because she was on edge about getting this surgery. Ruby also makes Yasir promise not to tell anyone about the surgery.
Then we cut back to Nuri with her mother. Her mom is super nosy and wants the scoop on Yasir only to find out that Nuri doesn't even know his last name or his birthday. Mama lets her have it and tells her important questions though, what's Yasir's last name and his birthday? Mama just wants her to be more discerning. This plants some doubt in Nuri's mind, especially after Yasir misses their evening date because he's so caught up taking care of Ruby. The other problem is, Yasir can't find the paper with Nuri's number on it so he can't reach her. Nuri can't reach him either and gets worried but her neighbor actually comes through.
via GIPHY
Yasir pushed his dead car in front of said neighbor's house and now the neighbor is concerned about Yasir so she figured she'd ask Nuri if he's okay. Nuri reveals that she doesn't know and that she doesn't even know his last name. The crafty neighbor was able to roll the car window down and retrieve his registration. His last name is Omar, and she gave Nuri his address. They both also noted that “it looks like he's living in his car.”
Meanwhile, Yasir is getting ready to give Ruby a sponge bath but there's a knock on his door. Obviously, it's Nuri. He's super surprised to see her. He apologizes for standing her up but Nuri wants answers. Why did he stand her up? How does he make money? Is he homeless? Yasir says he can't give her the answers right then but he'll meet up with her tomorrow and tell her what's up. He felt like Nuri deserved his full attention and this wasn't the time or place to have the discussion. The problem is, will Nuri actually show up? We obviously know they end up getting together but it probably won't be without a fight.
RELATED POSTS
‘Love Is' Recap: Yasir And Nuri Keep Hope Alive Despite Their Missed Connection
‘Love Is' Recap: Yasir And Nuri's Situation Feels Like A 90s R&B Song
‘Love Is' Recap: Nuri Finally Realizes That Yasir Ain't Got No Job was originally published on hellobeautiful.com
Also On 101.1 The Wiz:
Residents are invited to come along to an open information day with Peeblesshire Marie Curie Fundraising Group next month.
Volunteers are being sought to join the group, giving a few hours of their time per month.
The event is taking place on Monday, January 8, in the Buchan Room at Tontine, between 2-4pm.
Locally, Marie Curie nurses work night and day, in people's homes across the Borders, providing hands-on care and emotional support. Marie Curie also supports people throughout their illness by giving practical information and support by being there when someone wants to talk.
The charity is also a leader in research into better ways of caring for people with terminal illness.
Group member Lorna Shanlin said: “We are a small group who have great fun organising events in Tweeddale, but feel we would be able to do more with some extra members.
“Some of our group joined because they have had personal experience of the invaluable work Marie Curie nurses do and we are all aware of the increased role Marie Curie has when dealing with patients with any terminal illness.”
Jenna Moore, the charity's Borders community fundraiser, said: “The group have had too many great successes to mention, but a couple of highlights have been the launch of ‘Yellow Cocktail Month' at Tontine, and a fantastic Blooming Great Tea Party held at Stobo (pictured).”
For more information or to get involved, call Jenna Moore on 07720 947331, or email on jenna.moore@mariecurie.org.uk.
The New York Yankees erased a two-run deficit in the bottom of the ninth thanks to a Brett Gardner home run and went on to beat the Astros in extra innings – but the game could have turned out differently if not for a very fortunate bounce off the backstop in the top of the 10th.
With a runner on second base, Yankees pitcher Aroldis Chapman fired a 100 mph wild pitch past Sanchez, but the ball bounced perfectly off the backstop and ricocheted back to Sanchez, who was able to spot the ball, snag it and fire a strike to third to catch the runner for the third out of the inning.
In the bottom of the inning, rookie Gleyber Torres hit a walkoff single to drive in Miguel Andujar, and the Yankees won 6-5.
WATCH: Liam Payne & Zedd Surprise Fans In Trafalgar Square Filming ‘Get Low' Video!
WATCH: Behind-The-Scenes Of Liam Payne's Latest Music Video 02:15
And we were there, front row – obvs!
Liam Payne fans in central London were in for a right treat this afternoon – Zedd revealed that he and Liam would be stopping by Trafalgar Square to shoot their music video for ‘Get Low'!
Zedd tweeted that he and Liam were travelling around London doing impromptu performances - and they certainly didn't disappoint!
London - @LiamPayne and I are heading to Trafalgar Square to perform a little fun rendition of Get Low for you - in 10mins!
Come through. — Zedd (@Zedd) August 14, 2017
Stopping off in Oxford Circus first, the boys then turned up to perform for the fans in Trafalgar Square – and there's nothing like getting a live Liam Payne vocal with Zedd accompanying him on a tiny electric keyboard!
You'd have had to be quick to get down there though – Zedd only gave fans 10 minutes warning… but that's not enough to stop the diehard fans from getting to their idols!
Of course, Liam brought his finest dance moves – and even jumped on the megaphone halfway through… we can't wait to see which bits make it into the final cut!
Dolly Method Used To Clone Monkeys; Are People Next?
For the first time, researchers have used the cloning method that produced Dolly the sheep to create two healthy monkeys, bringing science an important step closer to being able to do the same with humans.
Since Dolly's birth in 1996, scientists have cloned nearly two dozen kinds of mammals, including dogs, cats, pigs, cows and polo ponies, and have also created human embryos with this method. But until now, they have been unable to make babies this way in primates, the category that includes monkeys, apes and people.
"The barrier of cloning primate species is now overcome," declared Muming Poo of the Chinese Academy of Sciences in Shanghai.
He and colleagues announced their success with macaques in a paper released Wednesday by the journal Cell. The female baby monkeys, about 7 and 8 weeks old, are named Zhong Zhong and Hua Hua.
"It's been a long road," said one scientist who tried and failed to make monkeys and was not involved in the new research, Shoukhrat Mitalipov of Oregon Health & Science University. "Finally, they did it."
In principle, Poo said, the feat means humans can be cloned. But he said his team has no intention of doing that. Mainstream scientists generally oppose making human babies by cloning, and Poo said society would ban it for ethical reasons.
Instead, he said, the goal is to create lots of genetically identical monkeys for use in medical research, where they would be particularly valuable because they are more like humans than other lab animals such as mice or rats.
The process is still very inefficient -- it took 127 eggs to get the two babies -- and so far it has succeeded only by starting with a monkey fetus. The scientists failed to produce healthy babies from an adult monkey, though they are still trying. Dolly caused a sensation because she was the first mammal cloned from an adult.
The procedure was technically challenging. Essentially, the Chinese scientists removed the DNA-containing nucleus from monkey eggs and replaced it with DNA from the monkey fetus. These reconstituted eggs grew and divided, finally becoming an early embryo, which was then placed into female monkeys to grow to birth.
The scientists implanted 79 embryos to produce the two babies. Still, the approach succeeded where others had failed. Poo said that was because of improvements in lab techniques and because researchers added two substances that helped reprogram the DNA from the fetus. That let the DNA abandon its job in the fetus, which involves things like helping to make collagen, and take on the new task of creating an entire monkey.
The Chinese researchers said cloning of fetal cells could be combined with gene editing techniques to produce large numbers of monkeys with certain genetic defects that cause disease in people. The animals could then be used to study such diseases and test treatments. The researchers said their initial targets will be Alzheimer's and Parkinson's.
Mitalipov, noting the Chinese failed to produce healthy babies from adult cells, said he suspects attempts to clone babies from a human adult would also fail. "I don't think it would be advisable to anyone to even think about it," he said.
Jose Cibelli, a scientist at Michigan State University, said it might be technically possible someday, but "criminal" to try now because of the suffering caused by the many lost pregnancies the process entails.
If the procedure became efficient enough in monkeys, he said, society could face "a big ethical dilemma" over whether to adapt it for humans. The key step of transferring DNA might be combined with gene editing to correct genetic disorders in embryos, allowing healthy babies to be born, he said.
Of course, the familiar image of human cloning involves making a copy of someone already born. That might be possible someday, but "I don't think it should be pursued," said researcher Dieter Egli of Columbia University. "I can't think of a strong benefit."
Henry Greely, a Stanford University law professor who specializes in the implications of biomedical technologies, said the strongest argument he can think of would be the desire of grieving parents to produce a genetic duplicate of a dead child. But he doubts that's a compelling enough reason to undertake the extensive and costly effort needed to get such a procedure approved, at least for "decades and decades."
Marcy Darnovsky, executive director of the Center for Genetics and Society in Berkeley, California, called it unethical to subject that new child to "the psychological and emotional risks of living under the shadow of its genetic predecessor." Human cloning could also require many women to donate eggs and to serve as surrogates, she said.
At the moment, because of safety concerns, federal regulators in the U.S. would not allow making a human baby by cloning, and international scientific groups also oppose it, said biomedical ethics expert Insoo Hyun of Case Western Reserve University in Cleveland.
People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals condemned the monkey-cloning experiments.
"Cloning is a horror show: a waste of lives, time and money -- and the suffering that such experiments cause is unimaginable," PETA Senior Vice President Kathy Guillermo said in a statement. "Because cloning has a failure rate of at least 90 percent, these two monkeys represent misery and death on an enormous scale."
© 2018 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: iStock/Artist's concept.
Read more on: Scientists, Researchers, Clone, DNA, Evolution, Genetics, Health
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.
SALINAS, Calif. — A jury in Northern California convicted a 20-year-old man of torturing, starving and beating two children whose bodies were found in a storage unit.
The jury on Monday found Gonzalo Curiel guilty in the 2015 killings of a 7-year-old boy and his 3-year-old sister. They also convicted him of torturing their older sister in their Salinas apartment, KSBW-TV reported.
Curiel's former girlfriend and the children's relative, Tami Huntsman, 42, pleaded guilty in February to two counts of murder. Huntsman had agreed to care for the three children after their mother was killed in a car accident and their father — who is related to Huntsman — was sent to prison.
An officer found the oldest child, then 9, with bruises and a broken collarbone in the backseat of a locked SUV in December 2015. Officials later located the tiny bodies of her siblings in plastic containers inside a storage unit in Redding, about 300 miles (483 kilometers) north of Salinas.
The child told investigators that Huntsman and Curiel killed her younger siblings on Thanksgiving after she was caught stealing a bagel. The girl, now 12, was the primary witness in Curiel's trial.
She told jurors she and her siblings were stripped naked, sprayed down with cold water, beaten with a shower head, and locked in a tiny bathroom for extended periods of time as punishment.
Curiel was a “sadistic” person who “enjoyed controlling and hurting children,” Monterey County Assistant District Attorney Steve Somers said.
Curiel was a minor when the killings occurred. He was tried as an adult, but prosecutors were not able to seek the death penalty under California law. He and Huntsman were scheduled to be sentenced next week.
Dundee is to host the “biggest fight night in city's history” — according to promoters.
Local veteran K1 kickboxing champion Marc Navarro has teamed up with Gracie Barra, Fife's Darren Clark to showcase the first ever United Combat Championship (UCC) event at Dundee Ice Arena on June 24.
Marc and Brazilian jiu-jitsu British champion Darren, who previously ran Art of Combat, say they have decided to join forces to showcase some of the City of Discovery and Kingdom of Fife's best kickboxers, boxers and MMA fighters.
Marc will be headlining the event in a rematch with Sweden's Mickael “Mad Mike” Brilling.
The Dundee man will be out to put on another classic battle after their first encounter.
Marc, who owns Navarro's Fighting and Fitness Gym, insists everything is in place to ensure the first UCC will be “one for the memory books”.
He also feels the experience the pair bring to the table has paid dividends in putting the event together.
Marc said: “This has been a long time coming — we have done smaller-scale shows but I feel it is time to take it up another level and put on a blockbuster event.
“If anyone in the region can pull this off, it is me and Darren. We came together, pooled our experience and we are going to make sure everything is right.
“Dundee is the perfect place to hold this event — the city has been crying out for a massive show like this.
“As a famous man once said, ‘we aren't here to take part; we are here to take over'.
“We are ready to do everything in our power to make sure UCC is the biggest and best fight night in Dundee's history.
Darren said: “I have been working closely with Marc with his Brazilian jiu-jitsu academy and we work really well together.
“This show has everything and there is no way this won't be a huge success.
“We have the best fighters from Tayside and Fife signed up and more coming from further afield.
“We both have a massive amount of experience — the team we have putting this together is the best money can buy.”
Marc feels he has benefited from a long rest after his last contest and is seeing massive improvements in the gym.
He said: “The last fight with Mickael can only be described like something out of the movies. Anyone who saw the first bout will know what kind of action-packed fight the fans will be in for.
“I've had a good rest — I have been out of the cage for 18 months getting my gym up and running.
“Everything is clicking, 2017 is going to be a massive year for me and for Dundee — it starts with UCC.”
In addition, Dundee MMA fighter Kevin Lobban will be fighting on the card, with ‘The Animal' making his third appearance on the pro circuit.
Another highly-touted Dundonian, featherweight Valentine Duke, is also set to return to the cage on the night.
Top-level amateur bantamweight Dean Begg from Fife will be making his much anticipated pro debut after an injury lay-off.
Tickets will be available in the coming weeks, with standard tickets available for £25 in advance or £35 on the door.
VIP tables seating 10 people can be purchased for £500 and sponsorship packages are also available.
For ticket enquiries contact Marc on 07512 928297 or Darren on 07783 668609 and for VIP tables contact Mick on 07866 679383.
Two national organisations have joined forces to press the Scottish Government to develop a land use policy which protects Scotland's world-renowned landscapes, and ensures access for recreation.
The Scottish Gamekeepers Association (SGA) and Mountaineering Scotland have written a joint letter to Environment Minister Roseanna Cunningham expressing concern at the potential impacts fragmented policy may have on Scotland's open landscapes.
Both organisations fear a lack of joined-up thinking could see the loss of internationally rare landscapes as Scottish Government pursues a policy of large scale afforestation without a blueprint to preserve its celebrated vistas.
While neither the SGA nor Mountaineering Scotland oppose well sited, planned tree planting, both question whether enough weight is being given to the significant changes this will have on the landscape and access.
In particular, they are worried that the dramatic open views and vistas, regarded as iconic of Scotland, may disappear.
President Donald Trump 's nominee to lead the Veterans Affairs Department, White House physician Ronny Jackson, plans to pursue confirmation despite a review that a Senate committee opened into allegations of improper behavior and management lapses, two people familiar with the matter said.
The two people described Jackson's intentions following an Oval Office meeting he had late Tuesday afternoon with Trump.
Trump said earlier in the day at a news conference with French President Emmanuel Macron Tuesday that he had advised Jackson to withdraw.
"I said to Dr. Jackson, what do you need it for?” Trump said. “I don't want to put a man through a process like this. It's too ugly and disgusting.” He later added, “I really don't think personally he should do it, but it's totally his, I would stand behind him, totally his decision."
The president spoke hours after Senator Johnny Isakson, chairman of the Veterans Affairs Committee, said he and the panel's ranking Democrat, Jon Tester, decided to delay a hearing on Jackson's nomination that had been scheduled for Wednesday and sent a letter to Trump seeking more information.
Bartech Group
Location: Troy, MI
Job Description
If you are an experienced SR Product Engineer BIW looking for a position with a leading company, Bartech can help! We are a leading staffing firm and our clients include some over the nation's biggest companies. Our client has a need for a SR Product Engineer BIW. This is a contract position; however it is not uncommon for assignments to transition into permanent positions with our client companies. If you have the background we are looking for, and you are interested in an opportunity to get your foot in the door with leading company, we want to talk with you!
Job Responsibilities
Your specific duties as a SR Product Engineer BIW will include:
Analyzes data to develop new designs for automotive components and systems
Designs components and systems to provide maximum customer value and vehicle function, including improved economy and safety of operation, and operational performance at optimum costs
Directs testing activities on components and equipment under designated conditions to ensure operational performance meets design specifications.
Researches and analyzes data such as customer design proposal, specifications, and manuals to determine feasibility of design or application.
Directs and coordinates fabrication and installation activities to ensure products and systems to conform to engineering design and customer specifications.
Communicates design changes with customers as needed.
Alters or modifies design to obtain specified functional and operational performance.
Assists Automotive Designer in developing structural design.
Communicates design concept with Structural Engineers and evaluates results of analysis.
Evaluates and approves design changes, specifications, and drawing releases.
Performs failure mode effect analysis (DFMEA's), design for assembly (DFA), and manufacturing (DFM), geometric dimensioning & tolerance (GD&T) to component and systems.
Job Requirements
As a SR Product Engineer BIW you must represent our company well by being responsible, punctual and motivated to go above and beyond the call of duty. You must also be highly detail-oriented and organized with excellent analytic and problem-solving abilities. It is also important that you display excellent verbal and written communication and interpersonal skills.
Benefits
As a SR Product Engineer BIW with Bartech, you will be working through an established and respected staffing organization with 40 years of serving as a trusted partner to our client companies. We are dedicated to providing our talent with personal, responsive attention, and will assign an employee care representative to answer any questions or concerns that you might have. Depending upon the client, the assignment and your performance, you can find potential opportunities for direct employment. Your hard work and professional dedication will be rewarded with competitive compensation, including benefits.
Available benefits for SR Product Engineer BIW Position may include (but are not limited to):
Exceptional medical, dental, and vision
401(k)
Paid time off, including holidays
Click here for more information
Image caption Married couple Derek Jessop and his wife Malee Kadram deny all the charges
A married couple have gone on trial accused of historical sex offences against children over several decades.
Derek Jessop, 74, is accused of 10 indecent assaults, one attempted rape and three rapes, a jury at Preston Crown Court heard.
His wife Malee Kadram, 39, is accused of indecency with a child and indecent assault. His former wife, Lesley Jessop, also faces two charges of indecent assault against a boy, 15.
The defendants deny all the charges.
Image caption Lesley Jessop, Derek Jessop's former wife, denies two allegations of indecent assault
The trial revolves around a series of alleged sexual offences against a total of eight children in the Blackpool area.
They are said to have been committed between the 1960s and 2004, the jury was told.
The three defendants, all from Blackpool, say they are the victims of malicious allegations driven by potential financial gain.
Prosecuting barrister Paul Brookwell told the jury the alleged victims of Mr Jessop, who is a former businessman, were girls aged between four and 12.
The trial is due to last up to six weeks.
UEFA Champions League Magazine
Tuesday 14 February 2017
UEFA Champions League Magazine
Video still processing if video still not available yet!
1:36 Police comment on officer involved shooting in North Miami Beach Pause
2:10 Palm Beach residents react to President-elect Trump
1:08 A big day for Panthers' Vincent Trocheck
1:34 5 Cubans turn themselves in at U.S.-Mexico border
1:56 The man accused of killing a woman and her daughter made the 911 call
0:58 Wade on Riley: 'I have nothing to squash, I'm thankful for what we were able to build here'
0:35 Dwyane Wade gets thunderous applause when taking the court against the Miami Heat
0:40 Oroville dam break would flood almost 200,000 California residents in 7 hours
2:40 Miami Dolphins draft pick Laremy Tunsil addresses media after allergic reaction
Teen Murdered In Wolverhampton Named As Keelan Wilson
The 15 year-old died in hospital after being stabbed in the city on Tuesday night
A top police officer in the West Midlands has described the death of Keelan Wilson as "unnecessary and tragic".
The 15 year-old was stabbed during a disorder between a group of young people in Wolverhampton just after 11pm on Tuesday; he later died in hospital.
Police are urging the community in #Wolverhampton to come forward if they have any information on the murder of a 15yo boy
Chief Superintendent Jayne Meir spoke to #CapitalReports at the scene pic.twitter.com/b3t0zItBlU — Capital Brum News (@CapitalBIRNews) May 30, 2018
Chief Superintendent Jayne Meir said:
“We need to understand why this happened so it doesn't happen to anybody else," said Ch Supt Meir.
“This was an absolutely unnecessary and tragic incident where a 15-year-old boy has lost his life. We need to stand up together as a community and stop this from happening.
“Our young people are increasingly feeling the need to carry weapons. The natural consequence of carrying weapons is that people get injured and on this occasion, someone lost their lives. He [Keelan] was at the start of his life and it's ended absolutely prematurely and we need to stop it happening to other young people in our city."
The West Midlands Police and Crime Commissioner, David Jamieson, said:
“For anyone to have their life taken in this way is truly heartbreaking. For this to happen to someone so young is almost incomprehensible.
“The killing has devastated the victim's family, friends and the wider West Midlands.
“I have every confidence the police are working around the clock to catch those responsible and will bring them to justice.
“This attack is another stark reminder that we must not tolerate the violent crimes that are plaguing communities up and down the country.
“To help reverse the rise in violent crime I am investing an extra £2 million to tackle the causes. The initiatives include mentoring schemes to help young people make the right life choices, employing mediators to defuse gang violence and supporting individuals to escape the cycle of crime."
Author: Stephen Whitworth
Prairie Dog editor Stephen Whitworth was carried to Regina in a swarm of bees. View all posts by Stephen Whitworth
File Photo Thinkstock(MOUNT PLEASANT, S.C.) — Many people expect to find sweet treats of chocolate and jellybeans on Easter morning, but one family in South Carolina woke up to a much different surprise.
Peter Cottontail didn't come knocking on the door of Steve and Susie Polston's back porch — instead, it was a 9-foot alligator.
Describing the noise that first drew her from bed, Susie Polston told ABC station WCIV, “It sounded like aluminum rubbing up against aluminum.”
One glass door was all that separated Susie and her husband Steve from the large reptile.
According to the Polstons, the intruding gator broke through a locked door before settling among patio furniture on their porch.
“We were in disbelief that he actually made his way up the stairs, because we didn't know alligators would climb stairs,” Susie said.
Responding wildlife specialists spent hours unsuccessfully trying to move the alligator into outdoor territory.
Deemed too much of a threat to handle by the South Carolina Depart of Natural Resources, the alligator was eventually killed.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
US scientists stranded in Antarctica rescued BUENOS AIRES, Argentina — A group of American scientists who were stranded in an ice-bound island off the northeastern tip of the Antarctic Peninsula were rescued Sunday by an Argentine...
Helicopter crash victim was tourist visiting NYC with friend One of the victims of Sunday's chopper crash was an Argentinian tourist who was visiting the city with a friend, according to a report. Carla Vallejos Blanco, 28, had a...
Rocket scientist plunges to his death during glacier hike A British rocket scientist has been found dead after plunging 100 feet after suffering a “strong blow to the head” while hiking to a glacier in Argentina. The body of...
Argentina wonders why Pope Francis won't return home SANTIAGO, Chile — Pope Francis has flown over the massive Andes cordillera, visited the poor in several slums and rubbed shoulders with presidents in six visits to Latin America. But...
A big step toward justice in the Buenos Aires Jewish center bombing An Argentinian judge, for the first time, has ruled that Alberto Nisman, the prosecutor shot to death while probing a high-level coverup in the nation's deadliest terrorist attack, was murdered....
Dad who fathered 8 kids with his daughter gets 12 years in prison An Argentinian man who fathered eight children with his own daughter during a 22-year reign of terror showed no emotion when he was hit with a 12-year prison sentence, according...
Inside Buenos Aires' secret shops and underground art scene Bustling Buenos Aires, Argentina, may be best known for its succulent steakhouses, savory red wine and sultry tango halls. But tucked behind Parisian-style facades, the city also boasts a glitzy...
Where Argentines escape for decadent weekends Here are two places Argentinians go to unwind. Pair either one with a trip to Buenos Aires to get away like the locals do. Mendoza, Argentina My boyfriend and I...
A small and long overdue step toward justice in the '94 Buenos Aires Jewish center bombing The wheels of justice can grind exceedingly slow in places like Argentina, even when terrorism, mass murder and cover-ups at the highest level of government are involved. But there's a...
FBI Stayed Mum on Kremlin-Linked Hacks, Ignoring Its Own Policy
The FBI deviated from its own policy on notifying victims of computer hacking when it left many U.S. officials and other Americans in the dark about Kremlin-aligned attempts to break into their personal Gmail accounts, The Associated Press has learned.
FBI policy calls for notifying victims, whether individuals or groups, to help thwart both ongoing and future hacking attempts. The policy, which was released in a lawsuit filed earlier this year against the FBI by the nonprofit Electronic Privacy Information Center, says that notification should be considered "even when it may interfere with another investigation or (intelligence) operation."
The AP interviewed almost 80 Americans, including senior policymakers, and found only two who said they learned of the efforts to hack into their Gmail accounts from the FBI.
"It's just remarkable to me that the Bureau did not do what it was supposed to do," said Marc Rotenberg, executive director of the Electronic Privacy Information Center.
The FBI did not immediately respond to requests for comment on this story. Late last week, the agency declined to discuss its investigation into the spying campaign and said in a statement: "The FBI routinely notifies individuals and organizations of potential threat information."
However, three people familiar with the matter -- including a current and a former government official -- said the FBI has known for more than a year the details of the hacking attempts by a Russian government-aligned hacking group known as Fancy Bear.
A senior FBI official, who was not authorized to publicly discuss the hacking operation because of its sensitivity, said the Bureau was overwhelmed by the sheer number of attempted hacks. "It's a matter of triaging to the best of our ability the volume of the targets who are out there," he said.
In the face of a tidal wave of malicious phishing attempts, the FBI sometimes passes on information about the attacks to service providers and companies, who can then relay information to clients or employees, he added.
The AP, which acquired a list of about 4,700 targeted email accounts, has reported in recent weeks on the global reach of the hacking operation and strategy used to break into emails of the Democratic Party and presidential campaign of Hillary Clinton. Tens of thousands of those emails were leaked online in advance of the November election. U.S. intelligence agencies have concluded that Fancy Bear works for the Russian government and meant to push the election in favor of Donald Trump. The Russian government has denied interfering.
In previous AP reports, some targets of the hacking attempts indicated that they were befuddled and upset over the failure of the FBI to alert them. "It's utterly confounding," said Philip Reiner, a former senior director at the National Security Council, who was notified by the AP that he was targeted in 2015. "You've got to tell your people. You've got to protect your people."
The hacking data, which came from the Secureworks cybersecurity company, showed malicious links crafted for email accounts -- but not the account holders. The AP was able to identify more than 500 of the U.S-based people and groups that were targeted. Among high-ranking former officials who never heard from the FBI were heads of the Defense Intelligence Agency and Air Force Intelligence, a defense undersecretary, a director of cybersecurity for the Air Force, and a director of military support at the Geospatial Intelligence Agency, which employs spy satellites.
Many who went uninformed were long-retired, but about one-quarter were still in government or held security clearances at the time they were targeted. It's not clear how many may have given up their email passwords or what the hackers may have acquired in stolen email.
However, some accounts held emails dating back years, when even many of the retired officials still occupied sensitive posts. And intelligence experts say Russian spies can use personal correspondence as a springboard for further hacking, recruitment or even blackmail.
"The onus is on the FBI right now to explain why they didn't follow their policies, as we are reading them," said Elizabeth Hempowicz, director of public policy at the Project on Government Oversight.
Other government watchdogs said that the government agents who respond to such foreign hacking operations need more oversight as they respond to this ballooning problem -- and public accountability.
"There should be a public report about how widespread this activity is, so that every American will know about it -- and that didn't happen here," said Louis Clark, CEO of the Government Accountability Project.
© 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Technicon Design
Location: UK
Job Overview:
*NEW* position in the UK for an Exterior Designer with a minimum of 5 years automotive experience and enthusiasm and vision to bring exciting ideas to our client's design studio.
Detail
Designer- Exteriors using appropriate technologies and working within the design team structure to create compelling Design styling proposals and development work. Assist in developing appropriate presentations for senior management reviews, either virtual presentations for Global studio reviews or through printed media. Ensure that work is completed on time and to the required quality level established by the studio management team. Ensure that work is aligned with the broader design intent and make the best use of the design tools available. Work with all studio teams in a professional and proactive manner. Provide necessary input to Digital modellers and Clay modellers to deliver the best possible design solutions for Design Management and senior management reviews. Maintain a general Trend-Awareness and communicate this through daily work and design reviews. Take an interest in the identification and testing of new design technologies that will improve studio effectiveness. Be a proactive member of the Design studio, helping to foster a professional, creative, and forward thinking culture.
Experience Required:
Designer will have a minimum of 5 years of automotive experience in design and a proven track record of delivering design projects through to manufacture and to the highest level.
Essential Skills:
1. Ability to deliver detailed concept sketches and high level presentation images for senior management reviews.
2. Have an expert level competence using design enabling technology (2D 3D CAD packages) and ability to integrate this in to daily work practice.
3.The ability to work with the CAD Clay modelling teams to deliver a full size clay model from initial milled data to final presentation model – following direction from the Design Manager or Chief Designer.
4. Have a full understanding of the development process and deliverables.
5. The ability to conduct successful technical meetings with other disciplines.
6. Have a good understanding of craftsmanship, production techniques practices and feasibility issues to aid the execution of selected Design proposals.
7. Strategic awareness, program planning and administrative skills.
8. Ability to motivate and inspire colleagues to deliver world class design work.
Desirable Skills:
• 2D skills, Freehand and Photoshop sketching.
Education Required:
• Must have completed a recognised Automotive, Product Design or Transportation Design Degree.
We can only accept applicants with an EU passport allowing them to legally work in the UK
Please apply with a comprehensive CV and relevant portfolio
Click here for more information
A Rocks for Unity event was held on April 11 outside of Lavery Library, where President Rooney and others were in attendance.
Michael Maraghi, Staff Writer
On the afternoon of Tuesday, Apr. 11, outside of Lavery Library, Fisher students unveiled the Rocks for Unity display to promote positive messages of diversity on the St. John Fisher campus.
The unveiling is just one of the countless projects initiated by Alexa Zappia, Vice President of Zepa and founder of Rocks of Unity. To date, she has brought the project to more than 300 students in the Buffalo and Rochester area.
“I've just seen that there's a lot of intolerance in the world based on people's difference, whether that's race, sexual orientation, religion, what have you, and I just wanted to do my part to affirm diversity as a strength through kindness and acceptance and unity” said Zappia. “As someone posted on Twitter earlier, this is 700 rock displays with 700 stories and you can see the story behind each person through the design on the rocks.”
The walkway outside of Lavery Library boasts the highest foot traffic on the campus, and was thus the ideal location. It is also a common spot for campus tours, which ultimately make the location a perfect spot for incoming freshmen and new potential students.
Dr. Richard DeJesus-Rueff, Vice President of Student Affairs and Diversity Initiatives, was present to comment on the project.
“I think that this offers the potential particularly since they want to incorporate into new student orientation that this would help support and increase people's awareness of what the Fisher Creed stands for. Many of the principles of unity and the ideas of acceptance and kindness towards others are embodied in the Creed so this is a nice compliment and a nice addition to that as part of a tradition.”
The rocks were designed by Fisher students and placed on concrete panels outside of the library with a center plaque that reinforces the Fisher Creed. Rocks for Unity and other activities alike aim to promote discussion of diversity and differences on campus in hopes of providing recognition of the strength that diversity provides.
Emma Erdeli, senior and secretary for Gay Straight Alliance (GSA), was in attendance.
“I think that this project help make the campus be more connected and see that there is diversity and we can come together as one and stand for something together.”
Students can show support for the initiative on social media through the hashtag #RocksofUnity.
Demonstrators raise their fists in protest of President Trump's attempts to end the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA), an executive action made by President Obama that protected minors known as Dreamers who entered the country illegally from deportation, outside of the U.S. Capitol in Washington, USA on March 5, 2018.
A third federal judge on Tuesday ruled against the Trump administration's campaign to end the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program for undocumented immigrants, ordering the administration not only to continue processing applications but also to resume accepting new ones.
U.S. District Judge John Bates of the District of Columbia was withering in his 60-page ruling, calling the administration's attempts to end the program, known as DACA, "arbitrary," "capricious," "virtually unexplained" and "unlawful," NBC News reported.
Bates stayed the ruling for 90 days to give the Department of Homeland Security time to come up with better arguments for scrapping the program. If it doesn't, he wrote, he will enter an order reinstating DACA in its entirety.
Email Address: Password:
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here.
Forgot your password?
Airbus stated (19-Mar-2018) the main sections of the first A380 for All Nippon Airways (ANA) have arrived at the Airbus final assembly line in Toulouse via a special convoy, with six subassemblies – the nose, central and aft fuselage sections, the tailplane, and the two wings. The final assembly of first A380 for Japan is scheduled from Apr-2018. ANA Holdings placed a firm order for three A380s in 2016, becoming the first customer for the aircraft in Japan The first delivery is scheduled early in 2019, and the A380 will initially be operated on the Tokyo-Honolulu route. ANA's A380s will feature a special 'Honu' Hawaiian green sea turtle livery. [more - original PR]
Saturday was a big night for Carmelo Anthony and his return to the Garden with the Thunder. And it was just as big for two other guys, Enes Kanter and Doug McDermott, who were traded away from Oklahoma City when Anthony made the move West.
“It always feels good to beat whoever's out there, but It feels obviously more special to play against those guys,” said Kanter, the Knicks center who added another page to his tough-guy image when the Thunder's Andre Roberson came down on his head and caused some neck pain.
“I think I'm good. There was a point I saw two rims, but I think I'm fine,” said Kanter, who has been battling soreness in his hip and his back.
But all the pain subsided through the Knicks posting a 111-96 victory, which for them was the storyline that mattered.
“For sure. It feels really good,” McDermott said of beating Anthony and the Thunder after he scored 13 points with 5-of-9 shooting — hitting three of the Knicks' season high 14 3-pointers. “This game was kind of about him and I thought we did a great job of not letting that distract us and focus on winning the game. And it felt great especially being part of the trade with Enes.”
Now it's just a matter of keeping Kanter (10 points, five rebounds) on the court. He insists he will play in Charlotte on Monday. But he also insists his old team is coming out of the West. Yup. The Thunder. Not the Warriors. Not the Rockets. Not the Spurs. And you do not really want to argue with the Knicks center. After all, he floored a coach who was considering drafting him.
“They tell the story, Tyrone Corbin was in Utah and he didn't really travel around to teams for workouts and Ty met [Kanter] in Chicago,” said Knicks coach Jeff Hornacek, who was an assistant with the Jazz when Kanter came out of Kentucky in 2011. “The story goes Tyrone was putting him through drills and Enes lowered his shoulder and knocked Tyrone over. He was knocking the coach over, the guy that wants to draft him so I think that was a key to say, ‘Hey, let's get this kid because he wasn't afraid to do it to the coach, he's not going to be afraid to do it to another player.' ”
Or someone who disagrees with that whole Thunder viewpoint.
Las Vegas Metro police said they are investigating a shooting that left a father dead and a mother and son injured Thursday morning on the west side of the Valley.
Officers responded to the incident at 10:47 a.m. in the 9900 block of Barrier Reef Drive, near Hualapai Way and Desert Inn Road. Once they entered the home, officers located the deceased man, in his 50s, in the garage and the injured mother, who is in her late 40s, inside the home, according to officers at the scene. Neighbors said the man killed was Warren Spielmann and the woman shot was Michelle Spielmann.
Citing the preliminary investigation, Lt. Ray Spencer, of Las Vegas Metro police, said they believe a 15-year-old shot his father in the head in the garage. Shortly after, he went inside the home and shot his mother in the stomach. His mother grabbed a firearm and shot her son.
Spencer said the teen jumped over the back wall after the shooting but was taken into custody by responding police officers about a quarter-mile away.
The mother and son were taken to University Medical Center for treatment, Spencer said. They were both expected to survive, police said.
"I have seen the young man jetting across the street and I came to his rescue and he was bleeding bad," a neighbor said.
"He knocked on my door and then ran away when we first moved into the house. I didn't think much of it. You know, little kids pulling pranks," another neighbor, Antonio Reyes said. "He would sometimes walk by the house and give me kind of like menacing looks as if I was out to get him or something."
"Heart goes out to the family and hope they can somehow get through this," Reyes said. "It's going to be very difficult for them moving forward." "Hopefully when I come back they'll have cleared everything."
"He's always kind of had behavioral issues. Like I went to elementary school with him and he has always been like a little bit out there," another neighbor, 15-year-old Nolan Turner said.
"He'd always seem to cause a little bit of trouble but I never really saw him like doing something like this because he's always been — I know he's been odd but I never saw him being capable of this. I never saw it in a million years," Turner said. "I know him and his younger brother didn't always get along. They always had issues. He's had issues with me. He's tried to start some trouble with me." "I thought his dad and him got along really well."
Spencer said the motive was unknown and investigators were checking if there is a history of previous domestic-related calls at the home.
An investigation is ongoing. Further details were not released.
Stay with FOX5 and FOX5Vegas.com for developments.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Feb. 14, St. Valentine's Day, saw temperatures in St. Petersburg rise to the highest level in the city's history of meteorological observations. Officials recorded a balmy 5 degrees Celsius on the day of love, which smashes the previous record set on Feb. 14, 1995 when the temperature was 4.2 degrees Celsius.
"Today is the warmest Valentine's Day in the history of St. Petersburg weather reporting," said the city's chief weather forecaster, Alexander Kolesov, reported TASS, adding that his office has been keeping records since 1881.
Panther goalie Austin Jerger battled a two-to-one Laker shot advantage in the first period keeping a goose egg on the board. Laker netminder Ben Boomgarden made five saves in the scoreless period.
Bailey Tulius opened the scoring with the lone goal of the second period on the power play. Park Rapids outshot DL 16-14 in the middle frame.
Caleb Strandlie tied the game at event strength four minutes into the third period.
Jack DeConcini scored the Lakers' second goal on the man advantage a minute later to regain a 2-1 lead.
Isaac Johnson's unassisted tally at the 11-minute mark evened the game at 2-2.
DeConcini set up a tip from Jeric Giwoyna for the game-winner with less than three minutes remaining in the game.
Ben Unruh added an empty net goal for the 4-2 final.
The victory is the sixth in nine Section 8A games and the Lakers finished section play as the No. 2 team behind East Grand Forks according to QRF points.
DL and East Grand did not play this season. A weather-postponed game scheduled in DL on Jan. 3 was not rescheduled and ultimately canceled muddying any comparison between the two teams heading into Wednesday's (Feb. 15) coaches vote for playoff seeding.
Thief River Falls created a murkier situation handing East Grand Forks their only section loss Tuesday night 3-2 in TRF.
Other 8A teams in action Tuesday: Crookston shutout Red Lake Falls 6-0 at home; Warroad defeated Lake of the Woods in Baudette 4-1; Bagley/Fosston won at home over Kittson Central 3-2.
The Lakers have two games remaining on the schedule at home versus Little Falls Thursday, Feb. 16 and at St. Paul Johnson Friday, Feb. 17.
Section 8A Standings
QRF, Team, (QRF Points) Section, Overall
No. 6 East Grand Forks (89.1) 8-1-0, 14-8-2
No. 21 Detroit Lakes (71.4) 5-3-0, 12-8-1
No. 27 Northern Lakes (67.7) 7-2-0, 19-4-1
No. 33 Thief River Falls (63.5) 6-2-0, 9-14-0
No. 38 Lake of the Woods (57.1) 8-4-0, 13-8-1
No. 50 Warroad (49.6) 5-4-0, 9-15-1
No. 53 Crookston (47.1) 7-6-0, 10-14-0
No. 66 Bagley/Fosston (35.0) 3-6-0, 8-13-1
No. 69 Park Rapids Area (33.9) 6-9-1, 6-16-2
No. 76 Red Lake Falls (27.5) 2-9-1, 7-15-1
No. 82 Kittson Central (19.4) 0-11-2, 1-19-2
DL 0 1 3 — 4
PR 0 0 2 — 2
Second Period
DL - Tulius Goal (power play) (DeConcini, Seebold) 12:59.
Third Period
PR - Strandlie Goal (even strength) (Johnson, Alto) 4:22;
DL - Deconcini Goal (power play) (Paskey, Tulius) 5:21;
PR - Johnson Goal (even strength) 11:00;
DL - Giwoyna Goal (even strength) (Deconcini) 14:34;
DL - Unruh Goal (even strength, EN) 16:32.
Saves: PR - Jerger 23/26; DL - Boomgarden 30/32
Alexander/Riverview Villages flooded by open koker
Alexander Village was under flood waters yesterday morning, a situation caused by the Riverview koker that was breached early yesterday at 3:00 hrs at the period of high tide. The Mayor and City Council (M&CC) stated that it is currently investigating the matter to determine who is responsible for the opening of the sluice doors. The Mayor of Georgetown, Ms Patricia Chase-Green, stated if found negligent, the suspect will receive a severe punishment.
The Guyana Water Incorporated (GWI) also advised the residents to boil all water since some of the pipelines have been breached.
They also stated that they will decontaminate all pipelines in the area when the water recedes so that further contamination would not occur. According to Town Clerk, Royston King, “It should not have happened. We regret the inconvenience suffered by the residents in those areas.
Her worship (Mayor Patricia Chase-Green) and I along with other officials from the council visited some homes in that community around 5am and we were disturbed by what we saw.
“There was heavy damage to private property and for this, we apologise to residents in those particular areas who are affected.”
The koker operator, it is reported, had fallen asleep and the koker malfunctioned.
However, an overseer stated that the sluice doors were jammed.Though short notice was given to the M&CC, the workers responded promptly by shutting the sluice doors.
The residents stated that the water receded very fast and that it is the first time that area has been flooded so severely. Compensation for residents affected was not mentioned.
Protesters stare down police covered with aerosol plastic string Sunday in Seattle. Steve Patterson / NBC News
As of Sunday afternoon, about 200 people
said they would attend Gibson's event. More than 1,000 said they planned to attend a counter-protest organized by the leftist Greater Seattle General Defense Committee.
“I don't want huge brawls,” Gibson told NBC News. “If you're having brawls in the street, it looks like a bunch of crazy people fighting.”
“We need to treat them with love and kindness,” he added.
One of Gibson's previous events, a “free speech” rally in Oregon,
was attended by Jeremy Christian, the man charged in May with stabbing two people to death aboard a Portland train amid an anti-Muslim outburst.
During that rally, on April 29, Christian was captured in a photograph giving a stiff-arm salute.
Related:
After Portland Killings, Mayor Wants to Cancel ‘Alt Right' Rallies
Gibson has previously compared Islam to the Ku Klux Klan,
according to the Southern Poverty Law Center, and another Patriot Prayer event featured Kyle Chapman, a self-described “American nationalist” famous on the alt-right for his violent take-down of an “anti-fascist” protester in Berkeley, California.
A Patriot Prayer event last weekend in Portland also spiraled into violence,
according to NBC affiliate KGW.
Gibson
has said that Christian had nothing to do with Patriot Prayer, and he said that people who attend his rallies need to be able to defend themselves from anti-fascists.
He also criticized Saturday's “Unite the Right” event, saying event organizers “teamed up with white supremacists” and calling James Alex Fields Jr., who is charged with killing one person and injuring 19 others when he plowed into a crowd of anti-fascist counter-protesters, a “terrorist.”
“It was a horrible day,” he said.
In a statement early Sunday, Seattle Mayor Ed Murray said the “racist and hateful messages of protesters in Charlottesville do not reflect the values of our country or Seattle.”
“While we expect protests in Seattle Sunday,” Murray added, “we must also condemn hate speech and violence.”
UEFA president Aleksander Ceferin refused to condemn Gianluigi Buffon for his "understandable" reaction towards referee Michael Oliver during Juventus' controversial Champions League tie with Real Madrid.
Juve were on the brink of forcing extra-time in the Champions League quarter-finals, having taken a 3-0 lead at the Santiago Bernabeu after losing by the same score in Turin.
But referee Oliver awarded Madrid a late penalty after Medhi Benatia barged Lucas Vazquez to the ground, with Buffon reacting aggressively and earning a red card for putting his hands on the official.
Buffon then blasted Oliver after the match, accusing him of having a "trash can" for a heart and claiming he did not have the personality to officiate such a game.
Despite Oliver and his wife receiving numerous threats in the wake of the encounter, Ceferin thinks Buffon's reaction was relatable.
"What he [Buffon] did was too much, but I understand it perfectly because it was his last chance to win the Champions League," Ceferin told Marca.
"He is human and understandable. When I play football with my friends and I lose at the last minute... last Saturday in a charity match, the ex-players were fighting with the referee.
"When you play, when you step on the pitch, you want to win and you talk about everything and you comment on everything. It happens to me when I'm playing in Slovenia.
"Half of the world thinks it's a penalty and the other half thinks it's not. The referee decided it is and that's the way football is.
"I understand the anger of Juve because they were eliminated at the last minute, but I would also have understood the anger of Real Madrid had he [Oliver] not whistled and then had been eliminated in extra-time or on penalties.
"It's football, it's sport, it's life. It's very hard to lose at the last minute."
A series of Pacific Frontal bands will push in tonight setting up a rain and wind trend for a few days. Heavy rain for the West coast could bring over 100 mm's of rain by Wed night to Tofino. A wind warning is up for the North Island and rain could total 45 mm's for Port Hardy by wed evening. Greater Victoria will see rain and Se wind tonight with a low of 6 and about 5-10 mm's of additional rain Wed with highs of 10. More wet weather is ahead for Thur and Fri.
Levy family thanks supporters
While words cannot fully express our gratitude, we sincerely thank you for your friendship, kindness, and prayers during our time of bereavement.
Your love and support has not only provided a beacon of light during darkness, but also comfort in the midst of pain.
The generosity shown to our family has touched us deeply, and will forever be remembered with love.
The Family of Samuel “Sam” Levy
(Dorothy, Terrance, Kevin, & Samantha)
The National Electrical Manufacturers Association (NEMA) has revised its standard on how to properly install nonmetallic-sheathed cable (NM-B) and underground feeder and branch circuit (UF-B) cables and systems. NEMA RV 2-2016 Application and Installation Guidelines for Nonmetallic-Sheathed Cable and Underground Feeder and Branch Circuit Cable provides comprehensive guidance to installers and code enforcement personnel including guidelines on bend radius, markings, securing, supporting and terminating, and maintaining the integrity of the grounding system.
According to Randy Kummer, of Southwire Company, and a member of the NEMA Building Wire and Cable Section Technical Committee, “The release of this new edition of RV 2 is timely as it aligns with the 2017 National Electrical Code® and recognizes the most current installation practices. Electricians and authorities having jurisdiction should download a copy to review and reference.”
NEMA RV 2-2016 is available for $82 in hard copy and as an electronic download for no cost on the NEMA website.
ONE OF THE slimmest houses in London has just gone up for sale with a guide price of £1 million (€1.137 million).
The three-storey “Slim House” is just 7ft 7in wide, and was originally just a small laneway but became one of London's original gap houses near Clapham Junction.
In 2013, renovations were done to add an extra room on each floor of the building, and increase floor space by just over a third to 1,058 square feet.
The property has a dining area in the kitchen/living room, a master bedroom, three other bedrooms, two ground floor reception rooms and a kitchen breakfast room to the rear which leads out onto a 48ft landscaped garden.
Source: Cannonphotosltd
The extension also made a unique “ski slope” roof at the back of the house which helps to bring natural light on each storey.
Its current owner, Aimee Luther, bought the house in 2014. It has been featured in property documentaries and features, including George Clarke's Amazing Spaces on Channel 4.
Source: Cannonphotosltd
She said: “Until I bought Slim House four years' ago, I had previously thought that look-alike Victorian flats were my only option. This house has a slice of everything but on a slightly slimmer scale and no downsides of having neighbours above or below.
I have loved living in a fabulous part of SW11 in the heart of a friendly, local neighbourhood and I've no doubt that the next owner will have equal pride in owning this piece of architectural brilliance.
Jasper Colliver from Savills Wandsworth called the house a “really rare find” and said that there only a handful like it in London.
Source: Cannonphotosltd
He added: “Interest has been wide ranging; to date we have had interest from downsizers wanting to retain a number of bedrooms and outside space, as well as local couples and those seeking a London base with good local transport connections.”
When a business wants to raise money by attracting investors, it can do so by issuing stock in one of two flavors: common stock or preferred stock. Both types of stock are offered for sale on the various stock exchanges. Ticker symbols for preferred stocks usually (but not always) have a P at the end, depending on which stock market ticker you're looking at.
Continue Reading Below
Both common stock and preferred stock are worthwhile investments, but depending on your needs, one class of stock may be a better choice for you than the other. Understanding what each of the stock classes has to offer can allow you to choose the one that has the best chance of fulfilling your highest priorities.
What is common stock?
Common stock is what most people think of when they think “stock.” Common stock allows its holders to make a profit through rising share prices and dividend payments. Holders of common stock also get to vote on corporate issues, such as electing new directors to the corporation's board. However, should the company end up in bankruptcy, holders of common stock are last on the list to get their money back — after regular creditors, bondholders, and holders of preferred stock. If you hold common stock and the company goes bust, you are unlikely to get any of your capital back.
What is preferred stock?
Preferred stock also represents owning a share of the company, but it works a bit differently than common stock. Preferred stock pays a predetermined dividend, whereas the dividends paid to common shareholders tend to vary according to the company's fortunes. Dividends on preferred stock are often larger than those on either common stock or the company's bonds. Holders of preferred stock do not get a vote on company matters. And if a company's assets are liquidated, the preferred stockholders get to redeem their shares before common stockholders do, giving them a better chance of getting at least some of their money back.
Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT
Image source: Getty Images.
Benefits and drawbacks
Preferred stock generally pays a higher dividend than common stock, but in certain circumstances this can change. Because preferred stock dividends are set at the time the stock is issued, if the company should decide to issue a larger dividend than it originally planned, the dividends on common stock will go up (and can rise above those for preferred stock), but the dividends on preferred stock will not.
In some ways, preferred stock is like a cross between a bond and common stock. Preferred stockholders get some of the best of both types of investments, but they also get the drawbacks. Preferred stock is typically far more volatile than a bond — in fact, it can be nearly as volatile as common stock, though its fixed dividends lend it a bit more stability. And shares of preferred stock, like bonds, are sometimes callable, meaning that the corporation has the right to buy back those shares at a set price any time it chooses.
The voting rights that holders of common stock enjoy are generally of little benefit unless you own a significant percentage of the company's stock. While the dividends are typically lower than those paid by preferred stock shares, the value of common stock tends to rise more quickly than the value of preferred stock when the company thrives (and fall faster when the company runs into trouble).
Which is better?
For most investors, common stock is a better deal. It's slightly riskier than preferred stock, but will usually show a slightly higher return as well. If you want to enjoy the potentially high returns of a stock investment butwant to minimize your investment's volatility or your exposure to company-specific risk, preferred stock might be a better choice. Preferred stock may also be better if you're looking for a source of income you can depend on, as the dividends paid on such stock are fixed. But whichever class of stock you choose, be sure that it's an investment you'll feel comfortable holding over the long haul.
10 stocks we like better thanWal-Mart
When investing geniuses David and TomGardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter theyhave run for over a decade, the Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the market.*
David and Tomjust revealed what they believe are theten best stocksfor investors to buy right now and Wal-Mart wasn't one of them! That's right — theythink these 10 stocks are even better buys.
Click hereto learn about these picks!
*StockAdvisor returns as of April 3, 2017
The author(s) may have a position in any stocks mentioned.
The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
Evening Telegraph water polo and swimming correspondent Frank Jordan was saddened to hear of the recent death of Chic Mitchell.
Sadly, Dundonian Chic passed away while on holiday in Norway.
Frank held him in high regard, and said: “I first bumped into Chic Mitchell in the old Central Baths when he was a member of the Arnhall Club and I was with Whitehall.
“When my family moved to Dryburgh, he was our milk boy.
“From then on in, we kept bumping into one another through our lives.
“The next meeting was in the Marryat Hall, City Square.
“I was going in with my pals and I never knew that Chic was actually working on the door as a bouncer.
“He said to me: ‘Remember you Lochee lads, behave yourselves because I know what you're like'.”
Frank continued: “Chic was Lochee born and bred.
“He went to Liff Road Primary School and moved to Logie Secondary School on the Blackness Road.
“He was in the building trade for many years and the first time he got involved in swimming was when he brought his children Scott and Karri to Menzieshill High School to join the swimming club.
“Both went on to be excellent swimmers and water polo players.
“Chic told me he'd like to help out at the club, so I agreed. He came back the following week and I had a club class with beginners in it.
“I left him with the kids and that was the first time he started coaching and he went on to become a very good representative and respected coach.
“When Karri left for Brisbane in Australia, Chic would often visit.
“During his stays, he'd watch Karri's training sessions in the pool.
“One time, he was sitting up on the balcony taking notes when the coach on the poolside asked what he was doing.
“When Chic explained where he was from, the coach asked him to come down and could join.
“In the lane Chic ended up coaching was Grant Hackett, the Australian ‘wonderboy'.
“As soon as he came back to Dundee, he was in the house telling me about his experience in Brisbane.
“He brought back many good ideas to implement.”
Chic occupied many positions in the club, as Frank explained: “When the Menzieshill Whitehall club amalgamated with Dundee Whitehall, he was their first president of the new club.
“Before that, he held various posts in the Menzieshill Club — treasurer, coach and president — and was made a Life Member of the club.
“He always supported the club at any type of function.
“In fact, before he went to Norway, he phoned me and told me to put his name down for a reunion of the club in Queens Hotel on March 18.
“As a friend, when my wife Maureen was in hospital, he would bring up flowers and a packet of mints for her every fortnight.
“When she went to hospital, he helped me for lifts whenever I was stuck.
“When I had my problems, he was always right on hand for anything required.
“Chic was also a keen hillwalker and he made many friends in swimming.
“He had spells with other clubs in the Midlands area and Fife — Cupar, Forfar, Amphibious Ancients and Gleneagles Hotel.”
Clay Matthews may have played an important part in breaking the hearts of Cleveland Browns fans looking for their first win of the season — and coming ohsoclose on Sunday — but he honored his own history with the currently beleaguered franchise by putting on a Browns jersey with his father's number on it.
Clay Matthews makes big play in OT, dons Browns jersey to honor his dad https://t.co/DyDY9JR6Tt #Packers pic.twitter.com/175hOyIiZV — ESPN Milwaukee (@ESPNMilwaukee) December 11, 2017
From ESPN:
“I got a special place in my heart for Cleveland, no doubt about it, especially with what my father was able to do here for 16 years,” Matthews said. “I brought the jersey, representing Pops. He's here today, so I'm going to go holler at him after I'm done with you guys. Yeah, it's really cool and really special. I'm sure he'll give me a hard time and make fun of me when I see him out there.”
Matthews' dad, Clay Matthews Jr., played for the Browns for 16 seasons of his whopping 19-year career. The younger Matthews spoke about his father, a 4-time Pro Bowler's influence before match-up, via 247 Sports:
Woman who ripped her own eyes out thought it was a 'sacrifice' to God A young woman has described how she gouged out her own eyes while she was high on crystal meth. Kaylee Muthart, 20, was heard screaming outside South Main Chapel and...
New app connects blind people with 'remote operators' A new app has been developed that connects blind and partially sighted people with “remote operators” to guide them through day-to-day tasks. The revolutionary mobile tech claims to give people...
Cure for blindness available -- for $850,000 A first-of-its kind genetic treatment for blindness will cost $850,000, less than the $1 million price tag that had been expected, but it's still among the most expensive genetic therapies...
Color-blind man gets choked up seeing color for the first time “Oh my God, I can actually see the color!” exclaimed a color-blind man in Wisconsin, after putting on a pair of Enchroma sunglasses. IT manager Keith Balistreri received the high-priced...
Hulu sued for not offering audio service for blind customers BOSTON — Advocacy groups have sued Hulu in an effort to force the subscription streaming service to provide an audio track that helps people who are blind or visually impaired...
Mind-blowing orgasm can make you go blind We all know that a mind-blowing orgasm can take us to heady heights. But blindingly good sex can be just that — blinding. Reaching that hotly anticipated climax can actually...
Braille turns to technology to help improve declining literacy BOSTON — For nearly a century, the National Braille Press has churned out millions of pages of Braille books and magazines a year, providing a window on the world for...
Attorney exploits the blind to sue businesses: suit A Manhattan lawyer is shamelessly using a blind rapper and other handicapped clients to rake in “millions of dollars” for himself — while leaving them with a pittance, court papers...
Blind man gets choked up seeing his family for the first time in 19 years A legally blind man from Halifax, Massachusetts, was able to see his family after nearly two decades without sight, thanks to cutting-edge technology. “It was incredibly surreal,” the father of...
Frida, one of three Marine specially trained rescue dogs wears her protective gear during a press event in Mexico City, Thursday, Sept. 28, 2017. According to the Marines, the eight-year-old Labrador Retriever has identified 53 people trapped under rubble in her career, 12 of them alive. (Photo: Rebecca Blackwell, AP)
In preparation for Hurricane Irma, Florida residents welcomed some esteemed visitors not of the human persuasion. And a welcome sight they were! With names like Vita, Vader, Haley and Lilah, these dogs patiently waited at Eglin Air Force Base to play their parts in the mission of saving human lives.
Sixteen Canine Disaster Search Teams from the National Disaster Search Dog Foundation deployed to Florida in preparation. One of these teams didn't have to travel out of state, though. Lilah and her handler, Marshia Hall, hail from the Miami-Dade area.
Lilah, along with all of the other dogs trained at the SDF, is even more special than your average canine hero. She's a rescued dog, once in desperate need herself. Now, she works with Hall to sniff out victims hurt, trapped or both in the wake of hurricanes, tornadoes, earthquakes and many other types of disasters.
More: Southern Perspective: Rebel against censorship by reading a banned book
How absolutely cool is that? To think she has dozens of brothers and sisters with similar backgrounds is truly heartwarming. The SDF's mission is to provide disaster assistance with dogs discovered in shelters and other rescue group facilities. The organization looks for dogs with the potential to be superdogs, most of them from the hunter or herder breeds or mutt mixes. Trainers at the Santa Paula, California, facility then work with the new recruits for nine months to prepare them for their new lives.
The handlers (mostly firefighters) from various facilities across America come to the SDF facility for two weeks to train before they're even paired with a dog. Bonding is an essential factor in the success of a team.
Lilah came to the organization as a one-year-old black Labrador from Sacramento, California. She was too skinny and had kennel cough, a highly contagious respiratory disease. The SDF evaluated Lilah, took her in, and made her well. Since then, Lilah's work includes several missing persons cases and last year's Hurricane Matthew.
More: Southern Perspective: Fire ants are hurricane survivors
Lilah is just one example of success. There's also Ollie of Orange County, California, Dax of Albany, New York, and Ivan of Fairfax County, Virginia. All together, the SDF can boast 68 trained teams with FEMA certification working now.
The SDF provides the dogs and training to the departments in need at no cost. The SDF, however, incurs a $41,000 cost per dog when all is said and done. In addition, this commitment comes with the promise that none of these dogs will ever suffer again. The dogs which don't graduate are placed into carefully chosen homes. The injured and retired SDF dogs get to live with their handler's family as a beloved pet.
I'm truly blown away by this story. Not only does it exemplify human kindness, it's also a perfect example of us using our resources to the max. So many people pull together to help throwaway dogs who, in turn, become other people's salvations. It's what I call a win-win situation.
Read or Share this story: http://www.pnj.com/story/life/2017/10/06/southern-perspective-superdogs-come-rescue-florida-hurricane-victims/737807001/
The moon's shadow, projected on Earth during a total solar eclipse, as seen from space. While the moon normally rises in the east and sets in the west, a total solar eclipse moves from west to east.
Paul Sutter is an astrophysicist at The Ohio State University and the chief scientist at COSI Science Center. Sutter leads science-themed tours around the world at AstroTouring.com.
Every day, the same routine. The sun rises in the east. Breakfast. Off to work. Work. Home from work. Dinner. The sun sets in the west. Repeat. It's a pattern familiar to everyone on Earth. For countless generations, we've relied on the regular cycles of the heavens to help demarcate our days.
But a total solar eclipse, like the big one coming to the continental United States on Aug. 21, will break the routine. In addition to the moon completely covering the face of the sun — which, let's admit, is already pretty spectacular — the event will move in an unfamiliar and possibly disquieting direction: from west to east. [Total Solar Eclipse 2017: When, Where and How to See It (Safely)]
The normal, daily rising and setting of celestial objects isn't due to their own movement, but rather the rotation of Earth. As our planet spins on its axis, the heavens appear to rise up from the east, arch their way across the sky, and settle into the west.
It's hard to blame our ancestors for assuming that Earth — which seemed very large and strong — was incapable of movement, with the ethereal denizens of the heavens gliding along their nested crystal spheres, giving humans our familiar, clockwork celestial movements.
After centuries of serious work, people realized that Earth does indeed spin, and the motion of the sun, moon and stars is only apparent. But when it comes to solar eclipses we're faced with a new incongruity: why does the path of a solar eclipse start in the west and end in the east?
The answer is simple, but it's not something we're accustomed to thinking about: the moon itself orbits Earth from west to east. In other words, if you could rocket up high above the North Pole, the moon would trace out a counterclockwise circle. But Earth rotates about 30 times for a single lunar orbit, so it's not something we normally notice. During a solar eclipse, the path of the moon's shadow must follow the motion of the moon itself — to the east.
The solar eclipse is a wonderful opportunity to experience astronomy at its most basic: understanding the intricate dance of heavenly objects.
Follow us @Spacedotcom, Facebook and Google+. Original article on Space.com.
How far would you go to propose?
Valentines day is traditionally noted as the most romantic day of the year, where many people exchange cards and buy gifts for their loved ones.
BRENTWOOD, Mo. (WCMH) — There are many reasons a school might dismiss students early, but an escaped class pet is one of the more unusual reasons.
On Friday afternoon, students at Brentwood Middle and High schools were sent home after a boa constrictor — aptly named Bo — escaped from her enclosure. The 8-foot-long, 75-pound snake went through the gap from a broken hinge on the enclosure and squeezed under the floor through a gas and water pipe access point at workstations in the school's science lab.
Superintendent Dr. Brian Lane sent students home early after reviewing the security footage and seeing no sign of Bo. Lane said none of the students were ever in immediate danger, and having an empty building made the search for the snake easier.
“With animal control, they had a thermal imaging camera. Between them and our facilities team working with them, they found where it was likely and they tore up part of the floor,” Lane told KTVI. They found Bo wrapped around a pipe under the floor.
The St. Louis Zoo gave Bo to the school more than two decades ago. Lane said Bo will be put in a new and reinforced enclosure.
Johnny Louis/Getty Images(LONDON) — Eighteen-time grand slam champion Martina Navratilova has criticized the BBC for paying John McEnroe at least 10 times more than her during its coverage of the Wimbledon championship.
During an interview for a TV program investigating gender pay discrepancy within the United Kingdom, Navratilova revealed that she was “shocked” and “not happy” to learn that McEnroe was being paid between $210,000 and $280,000 while she earned just $21,000.
The BBC said in a statement that the relative pay packets reflected completely different roles, adding that McEnroe and Navratilova are “simply not comparable,” and that “gender isn't a factor” in their pay.
The BBC added that “along with Sue Barker,” McEnroe is “the face of our Wimbledon coverage” and said his contract is far more all-encompassing than that of Navratilova, who is an occasional contributor “contracted to carry out a fixed volume of work and paid per appearance.”
In contrast, McEnroe is expected to be on call for the duration of the tournament, was on air every day and was a commentator on live matches “12 of the 13 days,” in addition to having a whole host of TV, radio and press duties, the BBC said. Navratilova commentated on three live matches over the tournament, as well as “four highlights appearances, one short video and two other short studio appearances.”
When questioned in the interview over the BBC's likely response that McEnroe did more work than her, Navratilova replied “10 times as much? I don't think so.”
But the BBC statement said McEnroe has contractual obligations that extend beyond his time on screen, including the stipulation that he not work with any other U.K. broadcaster without the express permission of the BBC.
Sue Barker, whom the BBC named as the “face of Wimbledon” alongside McEnroe, earns between $420,000 and $490,000. However, she works throughout the year on various TV productions, whereas McEnroe is only contracted during the Wimbledon fortnight, the BBC said.
The BBC has been mired in controversy over its pay discrepancies ever since it published the earnings figures of its top-earning (over $210,000) on air stars.
Only a third were women, and the top seven were all male.
Copyright © 2018, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
INDIANAPOLIS (AP) — Tamika Catchings is returning to Indiana — as director of player programs and franchise development.
The longtime WNBA star retired at the end of last season after a 16-year career that included 10 All-Star selections, one WNBA championship, one league MVP award and four Olympic gold medals.
Catchings will work with three different franchises — the Indiana Fever, who she played with, the Fort Wayne Mad Ants of the NBA's D-League and the Indiana Pacers.
The 37-year-old Catchings will be asked to help build chemistry and continuity among players and recruit free agents for the Fever and Mad Ants and will assist with community outreach programs for all three franchises.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Google
Email
Print
More
Pinterest
Like this: Like Loading...
By Matt Citak
Jacob deGrom has been unbelievable for the New York Mets this season.
In 11 starts, the 29-year-old right-hander has recorded an impressive 1.52 ERA. This incredible mark currently leads the National League, and has deGrom ranked second in ERA in all baseball, trailing only Houston's Justin Verlander and his 1.11 ERA.
Through 65.1 innings, deGrom has allowed a mere 11 earned runs while racking up 85 strikeouts and recording a 1.01 WHIP.
Yet two months into the season, despite being one of the top performers in the National League, deGrom has been the winning pitcher in just four contests due to the lack of overall support from his teammates.
Over his last seven starts, deGrom has pitched to an unworldly 0.45 ERA. One of the biggest reasons for this has been his ability to work himself out of a jam- opposing hitters are hitless in their last 28 at-bats against deGrom with runners in scoring position.
However five of those starts resulted in no decisions for the righty, while only two ended with him as the winning pitcher.
For example, let's take a look at his most recent outing.
On Monday, deGrom tossed a masterful seven innings during the first game of New York's doubleheader against the Atlanta Braves. He allowed one earned run on five hits with eight strikeouts, needing 115 pitches to get through the seven frames. He exited the game with the Mets leading 2-1, hopeful the bullpen could hold on to the lead to earn him his fifth win of 2018.
But, the normally reliable Seth Lugo allowed a run in the bottom of the 8th to tie the game, and after the Mets took the lead back in the top of the ninth, surrendered a two-run walk-off home run to pinch-hitter Charlie Cluberson.
It was Cluberson's first home run since September 25, 2016.
Unfortunately that has been the story of the 2018 season for deGrom and the Mets, who have failed to take advantage of the games with the team's ace on the mound.
Before Monday's loss to the Braves, deGrom threw an absolute gem five days earlier against the Miami Marlins. The starting pitcher threw seven shutout innings of four-hit ball and left the game with a 1-0 lead, just to watch Mets closer Jeurys Familia give up two runs in the top of the ninth.
This is nothing new for deGrom and the Mets. In fact, deGrom has never left a start while trailing this season. Yet somehow, the Mets are 5-6 on the year in his starts, a statistic that's hard to fathom considering his 1.52 ERA. But game after game, the bullpen has found a way to crumble and spoil his dominant performances.
Now in his fifth season in the majors, deGrom has left the game with a lead just to watch the Mets bullpen blow it an astounding 22 times throughout his young career…
While the relief pitching has been bad, the Mets' lineup has not been doing their part this year either.
In those six losses with the team's No. 1 pitcher on the hill, the Mets have been able to score just 15 runs of offense, with six coming in one contest alone.
On the other hand, deGrom has allowed only four earned runs in 33.1 innings during those same six games.
It's almost remarkable how little help deGrom has received from his teammates this season, between the lack of run support and the continuous failures of the bullpen. But with the latest injury to Noah Syndergaard, along with the inconsistent play from the rest of the starting rotation, the Mets can ill afford to waste such strong outings from the team's best pitcher and current Cy Young candidate.
If the Mets want to salvage the season and make a true playoff run this year, they need to start by providing Jacob deGrom with the run and bullpen support that the ace deserves.
Matt Citak is a contributor for CBS Local Sports and a proud Vanderbilt alum. Follow him on Twitter.
Eater San Diego shares the top stories of the week from San Diego's food and drink scene, including an exciting new eatery serving Korean-style fried chicken, plus a look at San Diego's most essential restaurants.
Cross Street Chicken and Beer Lands on Convoy
This highly-anticipated eatery specializing in Korean-style fried chicken has finally arrived on Kearny Mesa's food-famous Convoy Street. Cross Street, currently under a soft opening, is cooking up twice-fried chicken wings with a variety of sauces including garlic parmesan and Thai chili. Bonus: this spot offers 20 beers on tap, too.
Stella Public House and Halcyon Debut in San Marcos
Joining the mix at the San Marcos' North City complex is a pair of related eateries with roots in Texas. Halycon, which has another location in the East Village, is a coffeehouse that transforms into a bar and lounge in the evenings, while Stella Public House offers a menu of wood-fired pizza, wine and beer.
The 38 Essential Restaurants in San Diego
Spanning the gamut from casual eateries to hidden gems, farm-to-table favorites and fine dining haunts, the “Eater 38” is a list of the essential restaurants that represent the best food spots that San Diego has to offer. Check out the handy map for the top spots in a variety of neighborhoods.
Where to Eat and Drink in Leucadia
This North County coastal neighborhood is full of low-key charm. The relaxed beach town has a burgeoning downtown area and offers a mix of funky cafés and hip hangouts. A sampling of Leucadia's must-try food and drink spots include a gourmet sandwich shop, a vegan eatery, and a Hawaiian food truck.
StreetCar Merchants Shutter La Jolla Outpost
Its flagship location in North Park is going strong, but StreetCar has closed its newer, larger space in downtown La Jolla which opened last December. The Prospect Street restaurant, which served its signature fried chicken and doughnuts, expanded its menu to include classic Southern dishes.
Two men have been charged in connection with the trafficking of hundreds of thousands of dollars worth of drugs into the Tri-State.
According to the Hopkins County Sheriff's Office, 48-year-old David Lara, of Madisonville, and 46-year-old Daniel Ramage, of Nebo, were arrested Monday morning in connection with a 3-month-long investigation.
Lara and Ramage are accused of trafficking meth and marijuana throughout western Kentucky.
The sheriff's office says Lara had been bringing large amounts of the drugs to the area from Dallas, TX and investigators were able to stop one of those shipments on I-69 in Lyon County.
We're told authorities found over 4 pounds of meth and about 5 pounds of marijuana with an estimated street value of $200,000.
The sheriff's office says Lara and Ramage were arrested after several controlled drugs buys were conducted in Henderson, Webster, Caldwell and Lyon Counties.
The investigation is ongoing and the sheriff's office says more arrests are expected.
Follow us online at 14NEWS.com and on Twitter. Search 14NEWS in the iTunes App Store or Google Play or click here to download our 14 News mobile app to get the latest headlines from around the Tri-State.
Copyright 2017 WFIE. All rights reserved.
Vote For Minnesota's Best Hard Cider The air's getting crisp, every store has some form of pumpkin spice in stock, and fall is sweeping into Minnesota!
Guide To 2017 Labor Day Weekend Events In MinnesotaSporting and cultural events will mark the transition from summer to fall during the Labor Day weekend. Minnesota will feature some of the best entertainment productions. While baseball features prominently on many Labor Day weekend schedules, for other activities a weekend guide can be useful.
FISHERS, Ind. (WISH) — You may have seen the DirectTV NFL Sunday Ticket commercials featuring Peyton Manning as an intense fantasy football commissioner, but did you know the kid giving him “guff,” is from central Indiana?
Hamilton Southeastern Junior High School sixth grader Lex Lumpkin has wanted to be in a commercial since he was a little kid, and now he's in several with one of his favorite football players.
An entertainer from an early age, Lex had recently played the role of Stuart Little when an agent called his mom about the Peyton Manning DirecTV commericals.
“I was like oh my gosh, I had a very big reaction. I was like oh my gosh, cause football's my favorite sport and being able to meet one of the best quarterbacks in the NFL, it was really exciting,” Lex said.
The youngest in the commercials, his role has been to give Peyton a bit of a hard time.
“My favorite line was like, ‘Ya, I'll give him something to cry about,'” Lex said.
A line Lex says he's practiced “a lot” to work with one of the best football players turned actor.
“How did you get so good? Like where did you practice all of this? You were like throwing footballs, when did you get so good at acting?” he said he'd ask Peyton about his skills.
You can watch Lex's acting skills in the video above.
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) — From another attack in Turkey to Donald Trump intelligence briefings, here are the four stories to know from Monday, Jan. 2.
Turkey Attack
ISIS has claimed responsibility for the nightclub attack in Istanbul that killed 39 people. Turkish police have detained eight people in connection with the shooting. But authorities are still looking for the gunman. About 600 people were at the club for a New Year's Eve party when the shooter opened fire. Seventy others were hurt, including at least one American.
Trump Briefings
President-elect Donald Trump will be briefed by intelligence officials this week on links between Russia and cyberattacks aimed at interfering with the election. During his annual New Years Eve bash — Trump says he's still not convinced Russia is responsible. He claims to have inside information about the allegations and promises to share it this week.
Rose Parade Security
Security is heightened ahead of today's annual Rose Parade in Pasadena, California. It's traditionally held on New Year's Day, except when the holiday falls on a Sunday. Police set up barriers and closed roads along the parade's 5 and a half mile route. About 700,000 people are expected to attend.
Mariah Carey's NYE Fiasco
Dick Clark Productions is firing back against Mariah Carey's claim it sabotaged her live performance on New Year's Eve. Carey stumbled through her song as she performed in Times Square. In an interview, she said Dick Clark Productions “set her up to fail.” The company calls the claim “absurd.”
In 40 years, the amount of fireworks per American adult has exploded sixfold. See full story.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
I'm scouring the tech section at Bed Bath & Beyond for affordable stocking stuffers for everyone on your list!
If your family is anything like mine, chances are you will be getting some gifts from Bed Bath & Beyond this holiday season. I decided to check out what they offer in their tech section to find some affordable techy things everyone can use.
Follow KTLA Tech Reporter Rich DeMuro on Facebook or Twitter for cool apps, tech tricks & tips!
Here's what I found:
iPlunge, $7
It's like a tiny plunger, but for your smartphone. Use it to prop up your phone to watch videos or just keep it at a good viewing angle on your desk.
PopSockets, $10
Stick this to the back of your phone for a better grip. It makes it easier to take selfies and hold your phone without dropping it at a variety of angles. Comes in a bunch of colors and styles to suit every personality.
Ultra Bright Selfie Light, $15
This is a universal snap-on light that makes your selfies and live streams look their best. It's rechargeable so no need to worry about buying batteries.
Screen Daddy, $4
From the folks that brought you that Scrub Daddy sponge on ABC's Shark Tank. These are tiny microfiber dots you stick to the back of your phone. Whenever you need a screen clean, just rub on the front of your device.
Jamoji Bluetooth Speaker, $20
Who doesn't love an emoji? Pair your phone and listen to music through a "face with tears of joy" and others.
Bonus: PowerCurve +, $35
Every gadget hound needs one of these. It's a power strip with rotating outlets so you can actually fit all those bulky adapters next to each other.
Thanks to the crew at the West Los Angeles Bed Bath & Beyond for having us! I also learned about the store's new Beyond+ membership program that helps you ditch those 20% off coupons forever! Sign up for $29 and you get 20% off your purchases for a year. I did the math - you basically have to spend $150 in a year to make the membership fee pay for itself. Your stack of coupons at home will be so sad.
When it comes to counterfeit goods, the Beatles will no longer let it be.
Apple Corps, the owner of the trademarks of the Fab Four, has filed a $100 million lawsuit against 50 online vendors for allegedly selling merchandise with its “Beatles” and “Yellow Submarine” trademarks without permission.
The suit hopes to get back $2 million from each company.
The counterfeit trademarks were plastered on a host of products — ranging from onesies to tank tops — that created plenty of market helter skelter, according to the suit.
The goods are sold on the sellers' e-commerce sites or on such marketplace sites as AliExpress.com, Amazon.com, Bonanza.com, eBay.com, and Etsy.com, the suit contends.
All across the universe the quality of Beatles-sanctioned merchandise is much better than the counterfeit goods, the suit claims.
“The natural and intended byproduct of defendants' actions is the erosion and destruction of the goodwill associated with plaintiffs' respective famous names and trademarks and the destruction of the legitimate market sector in which they operate,” the suit, filed in a federal court in Florida, said.
Scott Slavick, an IP lawyer with Barack Ferrazzano in Chicago, told The Post it is a usual day in the life of trademark lawyer to have a single action that targets counterfeiters by the dozens.
“Only the legit ones respond — but the others might see it as a deterrent,” he said. “They might think, ‘Since the Beatles are such strong trademark owners, let's go pick on someone else.'”
Slavick said the amount Apple Corps is seeking from each company is aggressively high.
Manulife's Megan Greene Is Not Worried About a 3% U.S. 10-Year Yield
Megan Greene, chief economist at Manulife Asset Management, and Bloomberg Intelligence's Gina Martin Adams, discuss the U.S. 10-year yield and what it could mean for markets. They speak with Bloomberg's Alix Steel and David Westin on "Bloomberg Daybreak: Americas." (Source: Bloomberg)
HARPURSVILLE, N.Y. — Millions have been watching April the giraffe's livestream, but, on Monday, zoo officials said they will pull the video feed after April suffered an injury.
Animal Adventure Park posted on Facebook that, just days after giving birth to her calf, April twisted one of her legs, which zoo officials say is not uncommon with animals her size.
The park added that they've been bogged down with messages about April, which have been affecting their email servers and say it's the reason why they're taking down the “Giraffe Cam.”
As of Monday evening, that livestream was still running.
April has been the subject of international attention since the live feed was turned on in February. On Saturday, after months of anticipation, April gave birth to her fourth calf.
The Animal Adventure Park currently has a contest underway to name the male calf. It costs $1 to cast a vote, and the park says the money will go to three different causes: giraffe conservation, “Ava's Little Heroes” – an event named after the park owners' daughter who suffers from a rare form of epilepsy – and to further improvements at Animal Adventure Park.
An octopus that successfully predicted all of Japan's World Cup group stage matches was boiled, butchered and sent away to be sold on June 27, according to the fisherman who originally caught the psychic cephalopod.
Rabio the octopus successfully chose the winners of Japan's matches during three experiments carried out in a paddling pool on June 19, the day of Japan's first game against Colombia.
The circular paddle pool used for the experiment was separated into three sections – one with a Japanese flag, another an opponent's flag, and a sign that read “draw” – each with a tilted basket strewn with shellfish Rabio could swim into.
After the experiment, Japan beat Colombia, drew with Senegal, and lost to Poland – results successfully predicted by Rabio.
Despite the mollusc gaining some national notoriety for its prophecies, the fisherman who caught it, Kimio Abe, sent it to the market before Japan's third match against Poland. He said they had not originally intended for their catch to become a pet and wanted to put it out to market while still fresh.
The Japanese team agonizingly failed to reach the quarter-finals of the World Cup for the first time when they lost 3-2 to Belgium thanks to a goal in the dying seconds.
Japan had led the match 2-0, but the Belgians became the first team to win a World Cup knockout game from two goals down since West Germany beat England 3-2 after extra time in 1970
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) - Two people were arrested after officers said they were shooting heroin in a treehouse on somebody else's property.
Shively officers were called to a home in the 4100 block of Hillview Avenue on Tuesday morning. That's where they said Sheba Ashby and Harry Pryor were "living in the backyard of this property unlawfully in a tree house and had already been warned by officers several times to stay off the property," according to the arrest report.
The report also said both Ashby and Pryor had blood running down their hands after having just injected themselves with heroin.
ALSO ON WAVE3.COM
+ Operation Return Home issued for missing 16-year-old
+ Police: Unusual circumstances surround missing teen's death
+ Police: Woman snatched girl from backyard in Hardin Co.
Pryor told officers he had just recently been kicked out of a home down the block, and he needed a place to stay.
The arrest report also said that when Ashby was looking through her purse for her driver's license, used needles, several tourniquets and spoons also fell out of her purse.
Both suspects have been charged with public intoxication and criminal trespassing; Ashby also faces 19 counts of possessing drug paraphernalia.
Copyright 2017 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
Diakali benefited from an excellent front-running ride by Ruby Walsh to win the Rathbarry & Glenview Studs Hurdle at Fairyhouse.
With former champion hurdler Jezki sent off the 6-5 favourite, Diakali was available to back at 9-4 and those punters who did so had very little to worry about.
Walsh made sure he went a good clip on the Willie Mullins-trained grey, who was fresh having had just the one run this season since returning from a lengthy absence.
Jezki looked beaten a long way out, but Stars Over The Sea travelled very well before tiring in the straight, having his first run since an outing on the Flat in October.
Walsh was able to give Diakali an easy time in the straight, winning by 20 lengths from Stars Over The Sea, with Hidden Cyclone third. Jezki was last of the five.
Diakali impresses at Fairyhouse as Jezki disappoints. pic.twitter.com/Y3Sgk0o0E8 — RTÉ Racing (@RTEracing) April 17, 2017
Walsh said: "He's not the most straight forward horse to train, but he was in great nick today. He jumped and galloped.
"He was a high-class horse in his day, and you wondered if he could get back to what he was as a juvenile."
Project Bluebook provided John Quinn with a welcome big-race winner when sprouting wings after the last to beat Dandy Mag in the Avoca Dunboyne Juvenile Hurdle.
Fourth in the Fred Winter at the Cheltenham Festival, Malton trainer Quinn stepped him up in class on the journey over to Ireland for the Grade Two heat.
Sent off at 9-2 under Barry Geraghty, the four-year-old put in a few sketchy leaps, including at the second-last when he was being manoeuvred for a run up the rail.
On the back foot after that, Dandy Mag and Paul Townend looked set to give Mullins a quickfire double as Ex Patriot's run began to flatten out.
Geraghty, riding like a man possessed, asked for everything, though, and Project Bluebook responded to win going away by half a length, with the result confirmed following a brief stewards' inquiry.
MILWAUKEE: A British cybersecurity researcher credited with helping curb a recent worldwide ransomware attack pleaded not guilty Monday to federal charges accusing him of creating malicious software to steal banking information three years ago.
Marcus Hutchins entered his plea in Wisconsin federal court, where prosecutors charged him and an unnamed co-defendant with conspiring to commit computer fraud in the state and elsewhere. Authorities arrested the 23-year-old man on Aug. 2 at McCarran International Airport in Las Vegas, where he was going to board a flight to his home in Ilfracombe, England. He had been in Las Vegas for a cybersecurity convention.
Hutchins' attorney, Marcia Hofmann, said after Monday's brief hearing that Hutchins will fight the charges and that “when the evidence comes to light, we are confident he will be fully vindicated.”
“Marcus Hutchins is a brilliant young man and a hero,” Hofmann said.
Hutchins left afterward in a white SUV with tinted windows and did not talk to reporters. During the hearing, he only spoke to say “I do,” when Magistrate Judge William E. Duffin asked him if he understood his rights.
Hutchins is free on $30,000 bail, but with strict conditions. His bond has been modified so that he can stay in Los Angeles near his attorney and travel anywhere in the US, but he cannot leave the country. He was also granted access to use a computer for work, a change from an earlier judge's order barring him from using any device with access to the Internet. Hutchins has been working for a network security company, according to prosecutors, who did not oppose allowing him access to a computer for work.
Hutchins is required to wear a GPS monitor, but Duffin said the court will consider removing that requirement once Hutchins has found a home in Los Angeles and is complying with the terms of his bond.
The next hearing in the case was set for Oct. 17, with an Oct. 23 trial date, though the latter was expected to change due to the case's complexity.
The legal troubles Hutchins faces are a dramatic turnaround from the status of cybercrime-fighting hero he enjoyed four months ago when he found a “kill switch” to slow the outbreak of the WannaCry virus. It crippled computers worldwide, encrypting files and making them inaccessible unless people paid a ransom ranging from $300 to $600.
Prosecutors allege that before Hutchins won acclaim he created and distributed a malicious software called Kronos to steal banking passwords from unsuspecting computer users. In addition to computer fraud, the indictment lists five other charges, including attempting to intercept electronic communications and trying to access a computer without authorization.
The indictment says the crimes happened between July 2014 and July 2015, but the court document doesn't offer any details about the number of victims. Prosecutors have not said why the case was filed in Wisconsin. The name of Hutchins' co-defendant is redacted from the indictment.
Hutchins faces decades in prison if convicted on all the charges.
___
Find Ivan Moreno on Twitter: http://twitter.com/Ivanjourno
___
This story has been corrected to show that the last name of Hutchins' attorney is Hofmann, not Hoffman.
MILWAUKEE: A British cybersecurity researcher credited with helping curb a recent worldwide ransomware attack pleaded not guilty Monday to federal charges accusing him of creating malicious software to steal banking information three years ago.
Marcus Hutchins entered his plea in Wisconsin federal court, where prosecutors charged him and an unnamed co-defendant with conspiring to commit computer fraud in the state and elsewhere. Authorities arrested the 23-year-old man on Aug. 2 at McCarran International Airport in Las Vegas, where he was going to board a flight to his home in Ilfracombe, England. He had been in Las Vegas for a cybersecurity convention.
Hutchins' attorney, Marcia Hofmann, said after Monday's brief hearing that Hutchins will fight the charges and that “when the evidence comes to light, we are confident he will be fully vindicated.”
“Marcus Hutchins is a brilliant young man and a hero,” Hofmann said.
Hutchins left afterward in a white SUV with tinted windows and did not talk to reporters. During the hearing, he only spoke to say “I do,” when Magistrate Judge William E. Duffin asked him if he understood his rights.
Hutchins is free on $30,000 bail, but with strict conditions. His bond has been modified so that he can stay in Los Angeles near his attorney and travel anywhere in the US, but he cannot leave the country. He was also granted access to use a computer for work, a change from an earlier judge's order barring him from using any device with access to the Internet. Hutchins has been working for a network security company, according to prosecutors, who did not oppose allowing him access to a computer for work.
Hutchins is required to wear a GPS monitor, but Duffin said the court will consider removing that requirement once Hutchins has found a home in Los Angeles and is complying with the terms of his bond.
The next hearing in the case was set for Oct. 17, with an Oct. 23 trial date, though the latter was expected to change due to the case's complexity.
The legal troubles Hutchins faces are a dramatic turnaround from the status of cybercrime-fighting hero he enjoyed four months ago when he found a “kill switch” to slow the outbreak of the WannaCry virus. It crippled computers worldwide, encrypting files and making them inaccessible unless people paid a ransom ranging from $300 to $600.
Prosecutors allege that before Hutchins won acclaim he created and distributed a malicious software called Kronos to steal banking passwords from unsuspecting computer users. In addition to computer fraud, the indictment lists five other charges, including attempting to intercept electronic communications and trying to access a computer without authorization.
The indictment says the crimes happened between July 2014 and July 2015, but the court document doesn't offer any details about the number of victims. Prosecutors have not said why the case was filed in Wisconsin. The name of Hutchins' co-defendant is redacted from the indictment.
Hutchins faces decades in prison if convicted on all the charges.
___
Find Ivan Moreno on Twitter: http://twitter.com/Ivanjourno
___
This story has been corrected to show that the last name of Hutchins' attorney is Hofmann, not Hoffman.
Since nutrition is such an important part of all of our daily lives, it is important that we get all of the facts and information about getting a proper nutritional diet. We have made available to you some very successful tips that will help guide you on your quest for a better nutritional lifestyle.
Include more fiber in your diet. Fiber causes your body to expel wastes so that nothing harmful has a chance to sit for long inside of you. By eating more fiber, you are helping keep your colon in top condition by pushing out harmful waste at a quicker rate.
Avoid pre-packaged and prepared foods whenever possible if you are looking for the healthiest nutrition. In almost every case pretreated foods and pre-cooked meals feature added ingredients for preservation that are extremely bad for you. It is far better to prepare your own food from fresh ingredients than to rely on food prepared in a factory.
Nutrition is a science with some objective elements. But there is also a subjective aspect to nutrition. While studying nutrition, you need to be mindful of your individual needs as well as rules that apply generally. For instance, a person with celiac disease needs to avoid certain grains, while these grains may be fine for other people.
Always eat a balanced diet. The ideal diet for most people, consists of about 20 percent protein, 30 percent fat and between 50 and 55 percent carbohydrates. Most people are aware that too much fat is bad, however, too little can be bad, as well. The same goes for carbohydrates.
In order to bounce back from illness quickly, reach for foods that contain a lot of zinc. Your immune system is given a boost when you eat foods that provide zinc, so you will recover quickly and resist future illness. Excellent zinc sources include pumpkin seeds, peaches, wheat germ, and strawberries. In addition, most of these foods also help fight free radicals.
To improve the function of your liver, include plenty of tryptophan in your diet. Tryptophan is an amino acid that helps your body synthesize various proteins. It is essential to the production of niacin, which boosts liver health. Foods rich in tryptophan include salmon, turkey, and watercress. Tryptophan can also reduce anxiety levels.
Each autumn brings a fresh crop of winter squash: acorn, butternut, buttercup, hubbard and more. We welcome this crop both for its taste and nutritional value. Squash provide natural sweetness and can make a delicious soup. They are also strong in nutrients, such as, potassium and calcium and provide fiber, too!
Senior citizens looking to be as heart-healthy as possible can enjoy a Mediterranean diet. This way of eating includes healthy fats such as those found in olive oil; it also includes plenty of vegetables, seafood, beans, high-fiber grains, and fruits. Studies have shown that the Mediterranean diet, because of the healthier fats it contains, lowers the risk of heart disease.
A good nutrition tip is to eat darker colored vegetables. Darker colored vegetables tend to offer the best nutrition. A good example of a darker vegetable would be something like broccoli or spinach. Avoid lighter colored vegetables such as celery and iceberg lettuce because they offer very little in terms of nutrition.
Taking time to sit down and enjoy your meals, whether alone at home or with your friends and family, has definite psychological and nutritional benefits! Forcing yourself to slowly chew every bite aids in digestion and also allows the body to extract and process the nutrients found in the food.
People that are big fans of snacking sometimes find it hard to give up chips even though they are greasy and full of salt. Instead of giving up chips you can switch to baked chips. They are much lower in fat and they are not greasy, but you will need to keep and eye on how much sodium they contain.
Try to avoid using food as a friend when you are eating healthy. Food should not be considered a friend. Do not eat to make yourself feel better when you are sad or upset. Find someone that you can talk to that will help you through your problems. Get into this habit and you can avoid weight gain from comfort eating.
Peaches are a popular fruit among many peoples around the world. When eaten with the skin, they are extremely high in fiber, vitamin A, and potassium. They are delicious eaten out of your hand, but you can also make preserves or pies out of them. They are closely related to nectarines.
If you are pregnant and determined to raise the bar on your nutrition, make sure the salad greens you pick give you the most benefit. Iceberg lettuce is nutritionally the least beneficial in terms of nutrients. Pick romaine or spinach for a salad full of vitamin A, vitamin C, folic acid, potassium and calcium.
To ward off common geriatric ailments like Alzheimer's, adults over the age of 55 should modify their diet to include foods that nourish the brain with omega-3 fatty acids. These nutrients can be taken in a prescription form or can be ingested from fish, nuts, and a variety of brightly colored fruits and veggies.
A good health tip that everyone would do well to heed is to eat small meals. Studies have shown that smaller meals help you achieve and maintain a healthy weight range. Most of the time our eyes are bigger than our stomachs so implement some self control and reduce your portion size.
Don't let your good health slip away because you don't know how to eat right. Use the helpful tips you found it this article to make sure you eat the most nutritious food. You just might find that it is easier than you thought to wake up feeling great, every day.
Dry conditions across the U.S. northern plains and spring seeding setbacks in Western Canada could boost prices
A developing drought in the United States northern plains, early signs of a low protein U.S. winter wheat crop and planting problems in Western Canada could spark a spring wheat price rally, say analysts.
Jim Peterson, marketing director for the North Dakota Wheat Commission, says it has been hot and dry in Montana, western North Dakota and South Dakota.
“With our recent trends, we didn't anticipate a large area to be as dry as it is right now,” he said.
According to a map prepared by the U.S. Department of Agriculture, much of the Northern Plains is abnormally dry with a growing pocket extending across both sides of the North Dakota/South Dakota border experiencing moderate drought.
South Dakota is expected to see temperatures in the high 20s to low 30s all this week.
As of June 4, 45 percent of the U.S. spring wheat crop was rated fair, poor or very poor compared to 38 percent the week before and 21 percent last year at the same time.
But there could be some relief around the corner. MDA Weather Services forecasts that dryness in the northern plains will ease by mid-June as the region receives some much-needed rainfall.
“If we catch rain our crop is going to bounce back,” said Peterson.
Meanwhile, growers in the central and southern plains have begun harvesting a U.S. hard red winter wheat crop that is going to be small and possibly low on protein.
Harvested acres of winter wheat will be the smallest in more than a century. The USDA on May 10 forecast 737 million bushels of hard red winter wheat production, a 32 percent decline from last year and the smallest crop since the drought of 2006-07.
ADVERTISMENT
Early sample results indicate an average protein level of 10.6 percent but that is after analyzing only 14 of what is expected to be 530 samples.
Peterson said the early samples are from areas that did not experience the frosts, late-April snowstorm and the damage caused by wheat streak mosaic disease.
He believes protein levels will rise as the weather and disease-damaged crop arrives in the elevator system because yields will fall and as yields fall, protein levels tend to rise.
However, it has generally been a wet and cool growing season on the southern plains, which often results in a lower protein crop.
“If it would come in another low protein year that's very positive for U.S. and Canadian spring wheat producers,” said Peterson.
Bruce Burnett, director of markets and weather with Glacier FarmMedia, said plentiful rainfall and low fertilizer use will result in a low protein U.S. hard red winter wheat crop but he believes it won't be as bad as it was last year.
That will put more pressure on spring wheat to perform but the U.S. crop is off to a rocky start and conditions haven't been ideal in Canada, either. It is dry in the southern Prairies and too wet to seed in some areas of the north.
He doubts growers will be able to plant the 16.66 million acres of spring wheat they told Statistics Canada they intended to plant.
“It's something the market should be paying some attention to here,” said Burnett.
ADVERTISMENT
Some U.S. millers are already hedging against a poor quality winter wheat crop by buying supplies of old crop spring wheat.
Expectations of a low protein winter wheat crop have been somewhat factored into futures markets with Minneapolis spring wheat selling at a healthy premium to Kansas City winter wheat.
Peterson believes the combination of a poor quality hard red winter wheat crop, drought-stressed U.S. spring wheat crop and the dismal quality of carryover from the 2016 Canadian spring wheat crop could spark a price rally.
He has spoken to millers who are banking on an ample spring wheat crop because they need it to blend with plentiful stocks of low quality hard red winter wheat from last year's record-yielding crop.
Peterson believes the first target will be wheat with 14 or 15 percent protein levels but if millers can't get their hands on that, they will start accepting wheat with lesser protein, boosting the entire spring wheat complex.
“I've heard some speculate that another $1 on the market probably would not be out of the question,” said Peterson.
Burnett said there would have to be an extreme yield-sapping drought to generate that type of price response. Minneapolis July wheat is already selling for about a $1.50 per bushel premium over Kansas City wheat.
“If you were to add another buck to that, that's a very substantial premium,” he said.
Any price rally in the U.S. market will be tempered by the global glut of wheat and prospects of another large global crop coming.
Stags boss Steve Evans has named all four new signings in his starting line-up at Blackpool this afternoon.
Jake Kean, Joel Byrom, Ben Whiteman and Yoann Arquin will all start at the expense of Scott Shearer, James Baxendale, Danny Rose and Chris Clements.
Mansfield were held to a plucky 1-1 draw against league leaders Doncaster in their last outing and need three points to kick-start the play-off push.
Stay in touch wiuth all the action and post game reaction with our dedicated facebook page - www.facebook.com/ChadStags.
Follow @insidefutbol
Former Watford and West Ham technical director Gianluca Nani believes that Tottenham Hotspur have more to worry about than Juventus after the two clubs were paired together in the last 16 of the Champions League.
The Italian giants will play host to Tottenham on 13th February, with the second leg at Wembley due to take place on 7th March.
Tottenham won a Champions League group containing APOEL, Borussia Dortmund and Real Madrid, and have been in good form in the competition.
But former Premier League technical director Nani thinks that it is Spurs who should be more worried in the tie, warning the English club that Juventus have everything needed to knock them out.
"Two great games, I'm sure. Tottenham has a great striker in Harry Kane and have a great coach in Mauricio Pochettino, but between the two teams, in my opinion, Spurs have to worry more", Nani told Italian outlet Tutto Mercato, when asked for his thoughts on the tie.
"Yes, [Juventus are favourites].
"Juventus have everything to eliminate Tottenham and go to the quarter-finals.
"It is clear that games like this, in the Champions League Round of 16, are open to any kind of result, but the Bianconeri on paper are favourites, having been in two finals in three years."
Despite having been a heavyweight Italian club for decades, Juventus have only won the Champions League on two occasions, the latest being in 1996.
However, they are also in a select group of clubs who have won the Champions League, UEFA Cup and European Cup Winners' Cup.
Juventus currently sit in third spot in Serie A.
Say hello to Jeff Bezos' little friend.
Taking my new dog for a walk at the #MARS2018 conference. #BostonDynamics pic.twitter.com/vE6CXrvV3o — Jeff Bezos (@JeffBezos) March 19, 2018
The founder and chief executive of Amazon.com Inc. AMZN, -1.70% showed up to the MARS conference Monday with a Boston Dynamics robot dog in tow — apparently the SpotMini robot seen in a recent video opening doors. “Taking my new dog for a walk,” he said in a tweet.
Amazon's annual conference in Palm Springs, Calif., is an invitation-only event focusing on machine learning, automation, robotics and space exploration.
According to social media posts, Bezos also played the bottle flip game and led a mini robot parade.
Jeff Bezos playing beer pong with a robot #mars2018 pic.twitter.com/K1DQzDNvuY — Cosima Gretton MD (@cosgretton) March 19, 2018
A robot parade at #mars2018 — the round ones are autonomously following the dog. Also, a drone. pic.twitter.com/6Ah13j0oL1 — Lindy Elkins-Tanton (@ltelkins) March 19, 2018
Bezos certainly knows how to make an appearance. Last year at the conference, he piloted a 13-foot robot from South Korea's Hankook Mirae Technology that looked like it was ready to fight an alien.
Technology to be rolled out across the company's international businesses
A hackathon run by carsales.com last November has resulted in what the global online business claims is a ‘world-first' piece of image recognition software.
The event was a three-day forum where carsales' tech teams worked alongside employees from other departments in small teams to think laterally and generate technical, creative and innovative ideas.
The ‘Cyclops Image Recognition Software' – which the company claims has a 97.2 per cent accuracy rate – automatically selects and assigns angles to each image uploaded by photographers directly onto the carsales platform. This helps showcase various aspects of the vehicles on sale.
It also includes an AI feedback mechanism so it automatically learns from mistakes it makes to improve its performance over time.
During the hackathon, teams created a working prototype and demonstrated it to an internal marketplace of employees, senior exec judges and people external to the organisation. Participants then voted for a number of awards.
Carsales said more than half of the ideas generated by the program since 2013 have been implemented.
Agustinus Nalwan, who invented the idea and lead the winning team during the hackathon said that prior to the implementation of the software, every image of a car uploaded into the media library was manually categorised according to the angle featured in the image. With Cyclops, each image is automatically assigned an angle, he said.
Over the next two months, the AI team will further integrate the technology for photos uploaded by users and will notify users to upload additional images if necessary. They will also create an image comparison tool that lets users visually compare the backseat photos of multiple vehicles.
“For example, a user who is selling an SUV and has uploaded images of the front exterior, side exterior front seats and dashboard will be prompted to upload an image of the backseat too,” said Nalwan.
“This is because Cyclops knows this is one of the most common features people research when purchasing an SUV.”
Carsales said it will soon deploy the technology across its international businesses.
Follow CIO Australia on Twitter and Like us on Facebook… Twitter: @CIO_Australia, Facebook: CIO Australia, or take part in the CIO conversation on LinkedIn: CIO Australia
Follow Byron Connolly on Twitter: @ByronConnolly
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
The San Diego County Board of Supervisors voted Tuesday to begin developing possible sources of funding for the repair of 2,000 miles of road in unincorporated county areas.
Its goal is to raise the county's Pavement Condition Index (PCI), a national street quality rating system, from 60, its lowest ever, to 70, or from ‘fair' to ‘very good' in five years.
That's no small feat, though. The Department of Public Works (DPW) says that meeting that standard would take an estimated $56 million per year over the next half decade.
Traditionally, funding for road repair comes from state taxes paid on gasoline, but the county has taken a hit on its share of tax revenue because of reduced prices and demand for fuel. The average tax paid on a gallon of gas has fallen from 39.5 cents to 27.8 cents over the last three years, according to the County News Service.
And that's why the Board, with one supervisor absent, voted 4-0 to direct county officials to identify possible funding sources and report their findings in 90 days. The item was brought forth by District 2 Supervisor Dianne Jacob and District 5 Supervisor Bill Horn.
“This is a hard pill to swallow, particularly to admit that there is a problem,” Supervisor Jacob said. “But we have a problem.”
Jacob pointed to the rising maintenance costs and the failure of the state's gas tax to keep up with inflation as reasons why county roads have reached their current state, and said that the county can no longer count on the state for help.
“If the state legislature hadn't been stealing our money all these years we'd have more money to fix the roads, as far as I'm concerned.” Supervisor Horn said. “They come up with other ideas on how to spend our money which, by law, we're supposed to be receiving, and then we don't get it.”
In the meantime, Jacob plans to send a letter to Governor Jerry Brown asking him to “prioritize and approve a transportation funding solution that will address the deteriorating road conditions throughout the state.”
Jacob also asked that county staff to work with the Trump administration and local Congress representatives to push the issue.
The county's calls for help come after its own independent efforts to neutralize the drop-off.
It reallocated $5 million from the general fund to the DPW to be spent on road maintenance and redirected a chunk of revenue from TransNet to repair streets. Last year, it used reserve dollars to start a multi-year road resurfacing program.
According to Jacob and Horn, pulling money from those sources still won't cover the deficit in funding from the state.
If we simplify the question about sensor resolution, we are always met with an interesting fork in the road. In order for digital sensors to achieve a large format aperture, there are essentially two main options:
Increase the pixel pitch and plot them on a larger target, maintaining the same resolution Shrink the pixel pitch and plot them on a larger target
In the first choice, if you were to increase or expand the size of each pixel and spread them out, you would notice an increase in contrast as well as introduce additional artifacts that make the image appear to have a “duotone” effect due to macro blocking that would render the images very sharp (this is a common problem with large electronic signage). However, when you shrink the pixels and plot them on a bigger target as in choice two, something interesting happens…
Smoothness.
That's the word our DPs seem to keep circling back to. Somewhat serendipitously, “smoothness” is also a common word used to describe what the still photography market has experienced as they, too, have transitioned to an increase in resolution coupled with a decrease in pixel size. Most people (photographers and cinematographers) generally prefer the benefits of large format when shooting images. The irony is, in order for the large format properties to work, your resolution automatically goes up .
This is a key concept to unpack because the general consensus among artists is to assume that resolution is the goal of making a better sensor when in fact, it's merely a result . In order to provide smother images with a noticeable increase in field of view and depth of field control, resolution must go up. Yet when this happens to the polygons forming pixels on a CMOS imager, the increase in pixels actually lowers contrast and increases transition from one code value to the next. That transition then allows a sensor to better apply its fixed dynamic range values across more area (particularly smaller areas), which effectively increases the dimensionality of an image (what we qualify as smoothness) because a smoother transition gives the illusion of increased depth.
An over-simplified way of saying it is you can't assign all available dynamic range to an element that can't be resolved. An increase in resolution increases precision, which allows more available dynamic range to be applied to subtle areas of the frame creating more transition.
Here's how these concepts play out in a very basic chain-equation:
Increased sensor size = increased resolution (provided the pixels remain small)
Increased resolution + sensor size = increased magnification (improving field of view and depth of field characteristics)
Increased magnification = more dimensional separation (z-depth creative control)
Increased dimensional separation = increased precision placement for color application
Increased color application = more granular transitions (from bit to bit)
More granular transitions = less contrast (less binary or coarse bit transition)
Less contrast = less perceived sharpness
Less perceived sharpness means images appear smoother
The above concept does not mean that lower resolution cameras produce poor images. That is simply not true, nor do I believe that. However, the above chain equation explains why higher resolution, when coupled to a larger target, creates smoother results. And in the pursuit of increased quality and precision, the higher resolution image is going to have more of a positive impact than people may initially suspect.
The most common criticism I hear from skeptics in regard to DXL and RED's 8K sensor program is that it's going to make images sharper to the point that you're going to see inside the pores of a face. But when they come back from a shoot, it is common to hear artists say, “These are some of the best images I've ever shot.” What's more, the DXL program has an extremely high repeat customer factor to which cinematographers are returning for their 4th or 5th shoots on this sensor. When they ask us what is going on that makes this 8K image look so good, I ask them if they have a still camera. Many DPs now carry the Fuji GFS or SONY Alpha series cameras, with the a7R I and a7R II being among the most popular. When they make the connection between what their still cameras can do, with their high megapixel count, and DXL's large 8K sensor, they begin to consider that resolution may not be their enemy. In fact, many describe DXL as the first cinema camera that takes images that look like some of the best still cameras on the market… only now they can move.
It has been said by many, “We don't want more pixels, we want better pixels.” This language confuses me. So I challenge supporters of this concept to define “better pixel.” A conclusion we come to is that a better pixel has higher precision with better, brighter, more colorful, controllable output. What we have learned with RED over the past few years is that a better output requires a better input. So in the interest of achieving a better pixel, the system that can capture a superior input (resolution included) will always produce a superior output.
-Michael Cioni
Senior Vice President of Innovation
Panavision & Light Iron
Regional Officers live rent free in Government quarters
-should have been paying rent
In an astonishing admission at the Public Accounts Committee (PAC) meeting at Parliament on Monday, it was revealed that 27 Region Six officers lived rent free in Government quarters for over a year when they should have been paying rent.
In a bizarre twist, one of the officers has taken the Region to court to continue living at his quarter for free. While Chairman Irfaan Ali found this amusing he said it is unbelievable the lengths some people will go to have their own way.
According to Regional Executive officer, Kim Williams Stephens, the officers have been written to informing them that rent monies will be taken from their earnings commencing March 1.
However PAC chairman, Irfaan Ali questioned why it has taken so long for the matter to be addressed. The issue was flagged by the Auditor General's Office in 2015. During an audit of the region's affairs it was found that 72 residential buildings were occupied by officers of the Region; however the Regional administration was not in receipt of rents from the occupants.
Additionally, region officials could not say if any of the properties were furnished, neither could they verify who were eligible to live rent free.
Stephens explained that she recently took up the current position and she could not say why this was not done.
At this point Ali asked Stephens what position she held before the current one and was told that she was the Audit Manager acting. The Chairman opined that Stephens would have known about the issue. “Is only Shaggy could say it wasn't me. You can't say that; you had to know”.
Ali explained that because of the position Stephens held, previously, it was incumbent upon her to have known of this flagrant breach of procedures. The Chairman said that it was unacceptable that people could have been living for free for so long and nothing was done.
Further, the Chairman wanted to know if the officers have responded to the letters. Stephens explained that she did not seek a response since it was made clear what the Region's next move will be.
It was advised that the relevant departments be written to so that there can be no delay in obtaining these rents. PAC was told that because five of the offending officers are Government Medical Officers, the Ministry of Public Health will be written to ensure the necessary salary adjustments are made.
There are currently 72 Government quarters occupied in Region Five, 27 are required to pay rent, eight properties are furnished and the remaining 19 are unfurnished.
This issue has raised serious questions of accountability by senior officers in the Regions; and why under the watch of a Regional Executive Officer and a Deputy Regional Executive Officer such an issue was not known.
It is believed that this issue may have cheated the government's purse of over $7M over that period on none payment.
AMSTERDAM — A group of cyclists slams on the brakes as a man pushing a wheeled suitcase stops abruptly in the middle of a busy bike path in downtown Amsterdam to pick up a toiletries bag he dropped.
“If we wait a bit longer, he'll probably start cleaning his teeth,” one rider says to his neighbor, humor failing to mask his frustration.
It's a scene that is emblematic of the problem of overtourism that is clogging the streets of cities like Amsterdam, Rome, Barcelona and Venice.
The Dutch capital, with its World Heritage-listed canals, narrow streets and web of alleys in its red-light district, is now pushing back in an attempt to keep the city attractive to visitors and residents alike. But some say it's not going far enough.
Overnight stays in hotels here rose from just over 8 million in 2006 to 14 million in 2016. The number of people visiting the Anne Frank House has set records seven years in a row, to nearly 1.3 million last year.
Every weekend, the heart of the city is overrun by foreigners in strip joints and seedy bars. They gawk at scantily-clad prostitutes flaunting themselves behind windows in the red-light district, and they jam cafes where marijuana is permitted.
City alderman Udo Kock has a message for the drunken revelers: “If the only reason for you to visit Amsterdam is to get loaded, to get stoned out of your mind, look, we can't hold you back from coming, but we don't want you here.”
It's not just the young visitors arriving via budget airlines, staying at cheap hostels and hotels. Add crowds of day-trippers from cruise ships moored nearby and Airbnb guests shoving suitcases noisily along cobbled streets and you have a toxic mix for local residents.
With attractions such as the Van Gogh Museum, Rijksmuseum and Anne Frank House, Amsterdam has plenty of places of interest beyond the red-light district. Tourists pump cash into the economy and create jobs, but the impact of millions of visitors on a city of 850,000 is high.
“It hurts the character of the city,” Kock said. “There are really neighborhoods … where you simply see that the people that used to live there don't want to live there anymore.”
“That's where the problem lies. How do you maintain the balance so that the old city doesn't become a ghetto where there are no shops, no facilities that locals are interested in?” said Stephen Hodes, co-owner of leisure industry consultancy LAgroup and founder of Amsterdam in Progress, an independent think tank.
Musician Kyra Philippi lived with her family in Amsterdam's historic canal ring until budget hotels and Airbnb rentals transformed the neighborhood. Philippi's quiet street became a busy path between downtown and the budget hotels. Airbnb guests began partying in a communal garden. “We were living in a really old beautiful canal house and it was super noisy,” she said. “We couldn't really enjoy being there so much anymore.”
With three children, the family relocated to a quiet neighborhood on the city's edge.
Amsterdam is trying to regulate the problems, but Kock said “there is no golden bullet … It's such a complicated problem that you have to use every policy measure that you can possibly find, big and small. Everything. And you have to be creative.”
Among the many changes Amsterdam has enacted or is considering: halting construction of new hotels; banning “beer bikes,” which are large, slow, pedal-powered bars; shifting the cruise ship terminal out of the city center and outlawing new tourist-only stores in the oldest part of the city and its busiest shopping streets.
One of the biggest deals was with Airbnb, which agreed to enforce a 60-day-per-year limit on Amsterdam properties and to collect tourist tax for the city from renters.
Another proposal is to change the way the tourist tax is levied, from a percentage of hotel room rates to a flat rate. That would hit lower-priced rooms harder and perhaps be a disincentive to budget travelers. Changing the tax formula might encourage more growth “from the higher end of the market and less of that growth will come from the lower end of the market,” Koch said.
But Hodes says the tax plan and other measures are not enough.
“It's all symbolic. The problem is radical and the only way to change radical problems is radical solutions,” he said.
Related: The Netherlands, famous for weed sales, is still working on legalizing cultivation
Hodes advocates a halt on building new hotels, not just in Amsterdam but also in the region around the city, ending cruise ship tourism and rigorously enforcing a recently approved ban on touring cars entering the city.
But he concedes that overtourism will be a tough beast to tame.
“No one (anywhere in the world) has come anywhere near solving this problem,” Hodes said. “The problem is much bigger than we're able to handle at the moment.”
The film “Blade Runner” opened to mixed reviews in 1982. Eventually it came to be considered a science fiction masterpiece, and is now included in the Library of Congress' National Film Registry. A sequel, “Blade Runner 2049,” opens in theaters this weekend.
Reporter Jon Kalish (@kalishjon) finds out how screenwriter Hampton Fancher helped craft both films.
By Kevin McGuire
As the Philadelphia Eagles prepare to face the New England Patriots in the Super Bowl, it seems a spreading illness has been the biggest concern of the week. Perhaps it is all the extra exposure to people and the media in the week leading up to the big game?
Defensive tackle Timmy Jernigan has missed multiple practices this week. Jernigan was first ruled out of a practice a week ago in the last practice session in Philadelphia. An illness was the reason for his absence a week ago and continues to be the case this week. Having missed so much practice time would seem to make his availability for the Super Bowl at risk, although if it is just illness that is tying him down, he could still see some action in the game if he recovers over the weekend.
Cornerback Ronald Darby was added to the injury report on Thursday with an illness. The good news, perhaps, is that Darby remained a full practice participant on Thursday and may still be good to go on Sunday.
The Eagles will need all the help they can get from the secondary as they face Tom Brady and tight end Rob Gronkowski. Gronkowski's status has been in the spotlight for both teams this week after missing some practice time while going through the NFL's concussion protocol, but the player announced on Thursday that he was cleared to play in Sunday's game. Gronkowski missed the Super Bowl last season due to an injury, so he will be ready to have a big game on Sunday.
For the Eagles, only minor injuries are on the weekly injury report on top of the obvious injuries to players like Carson Wentz, Darren Sproles and Jason Peters. Running back Jay Ajayi is listed with an ankle injury that has been ongoing since the NFC Championship Game, but he has been a full participant this week in Eagles' practices. Ajayi should figure to be a main cog in the Eagles' gameplan on offense this weekend as the team looks to use the running game to its advantage.
On defense, Fletcher Cox appearing on the injury report may be a reason to be concerned for some Eagles fans, but a calf injury has not slowed down Cox in practices this week. The Eagles have listed Cox as a full participant this week, so he should be ready to play his regular role in the Super Bowl. He will be a key player that can give New England some problems up front, and the Eagles will hope Cox can disrupt Tom Brady throughout the game.
QUESTIONABLE
DT Tim Jernigan (illness)
PROBABLE
RB Jay Ajayi (ankle)
DT Fletcher Cox (calf)
CB Ronald Darby (illness)
LB Dannell Ellerbe (hamstring)
Kevin McGuire is a Philadelphia area sports writer and college football editor for The Comeback and host of the No 2-Minute Warning Podcast. Follow McGuire on Twitter and like him on Facebook.
2/15/17 – 5:03 A.M.
Feeling sick today? You're not alone. Area health officials tell the Courier respiratory illnesses have been an issue this winter. Colleen Abrams is an infection preventionist at Blanchard Valley Health System. She tells the newspaper they've seen plenty of flu cases, but adds RSV, another respiratory ailment, is also making the rounds. Some people test negative for the flu and RSV but still have a respiratory infection.
Abrams says doctors have seen more flu cases this year, but the number is lower than it was two years ago. St. Rita's Medical Center in Lima recently restricted visitors at the hospital because of the number of flu cases. Blanchard Valley Health System hasn't taken that step yet.
Health officials say it's not too late to get vaccinated against the flu this season. If you do come down with the flu, stay home. Abrams says you'll recover faster, and will help stop the spread of the virus.
MORE: The Courier
Last week Nigerian police received an anonymous tip that a homeless looking lady was acting suspicious and taking bags out of an upscale apartment building.
When the police arrived to investigate they found $43 million neatly tucked away in a cabinet behind clothes in the bedroom of one of the apartments in the building.
No arrest have been made but the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission say the money is most likely from illegal activity.
Now, here is the most interesting part of the story. Because of the new “whistleblower” laws in Nigeria the person who called in the anonymous tip will get anywhere from 2.5-5% of the money found. That would total to about $862,000!
Have you ever wondered what $43 million looks like? To get an ideal peep the video below.
Source: Complex
Share this: Email
Facebook
Twitter
BNEF Talk: The Future of Electric Vehicles
BNEF's Head of Advanced Transport Colin McKerracher talks about the rapid changes taking place in the transport sector and looks ahead at what to expect in the next few years, considering EV adoption, battery prices, changing policy frameworks and automaker strategies. (Source: Bloomberg)
With the epic failures of Android lines such as the Galaxy, it seemed like the path was clear for the iPhone to re-establish its dominance over the smartphone industry. But when Google announced it was releasing its Pixel smartphone, consumers deci...
Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images(WASHINGTON) — Hours after President Donald Trump suggested his embattled nominee to head the Department of Veterans Affairs, Rear Adm. Ronny Jackson, should step aside, the White House is now saying the president will fight for him.
“The president will be defending him,” White House Director for Legislative Affairs Marc Short told ABC News just moments after Jackson emerged from a late afternoon meeting with Trump at the White House.
A White House official added that Jackson will not be withdrawing his name from consideration.
Those comments came after the president said Jackson, his White House physician and hand-picked nominee to head the VA should withdraw his name from consideration.
“I wouldn't – if I were him, actually in many ways I'd love to be him, but the fact is I wouldn't do it. I wouldn't do it,” Trump said in the East Room of the White House during a joint press conference with French President Emmanuel Macron.
“What does he need it for? To be abused by a bunch of politicians that aren't thinking nicely about our country? I really don't think personally he should do it, but it's totally his. I would stand behind him. Totally his decision,” Trump said.
The Senate Veterans Affairs Committee is reviewing what it calls “serious allegations” surrounding Jackson that include claims he created a hostile work environment and improperly dispensed medication as a White House physician, congressional and administration sources tell ABC News.
The sources said the medication in question is the prescription sleep aid Ambien.
Committee leaders announced Tuesday that they had postponed Wednesday's confirmation hearing while they reviewed the allegations.
As part of its defense of Jackson, the administration has just released official copies of 2012 and 2013 “command climate assessments” for the White House Medical Unit as well as signed performance reviews of Jackson by Presidents Obama and Trump. “Dr. Jackson is a great doctor + leader – ‘ 2-star material,” President Trump wrote in his own handwriting in a 2017 fitness report and counseling record.
The administration says that the claims against Jackson of a hostile work environment result from a personal feud Jackson had with another doctor in the White House Medical Unit — a dynamic which was ultimately resolved and morale improved, according to one of the assessments.
“Dr. Jackson's record as a White House physician is impeccable,” a senior administration official said. “He has improved unit morale, received glowing reviews and promotions under Republican and Democrat presidents, and has been given a clean vet from the FBI. He has never even been the subject of an Inspector General review and he will certainly not be railroaded by a bitter ex-colleague who was removed from his job.”
Earlier this afternoon, just moments before the president suggests he not go through with the confirmation process, ABC News spotted Jackson on Capitol Hill meeting with lawmakers about his nomination. He ignored questions about the allegations and said, “I'm looking forward to re-scheduling the hearing and getting the process moving.”
Asked whether the hearing would be rescheduled he said, “That's going to be up to the committee.”
President Trump praised Jackson as “a fine man” and a “great doctor, great everything,” but said wouldn't want Jackson to go through a politically damaging nomination process.
“I don't want to put a man through who's not a political person. I don't want to put a man through a process like this,” Trump said. “It's too ugly and too disgusting. So we'll see what happens. He'll make a decision.”
Trump also addressed concerns that Jackson, who is currently the president's personal White House physician, lacks the overall management qualifications to head the second largest agency in the federal government, saying simply “there's an experience problem.”
In a letter to Trump, the top Republican and Democrat on the committee ask the White House to turn over “any and all allegations and documents, including those developed during the course of an investigation” related to Jackson's service in the White House Medical Unit.
Democratic Sen. Richard Blumenthal, a member of the Veterans Affairs Committee, would not discuss details of the allegations but told ABC News “they go to his integrity and his management ability and his credibility to manage that department.”
Committee chairman Republican Sen. Johnny Isakson shared concerns about the allegations but cautioned to ABC News “not everything you read in the news is true.”
The White House was standing by the nomination of Jackson earlier Tuesday, but senior aides concede privately that there is a chance the nomination goes down.
Deputy secretary Hogan Gidley released a statement Tuesday morning on Jackson after news of the allegations broke, saying “He's served as the physician to three Presidents—Republican and Democrat—and been praised by them all.
“Admiral Jackson's record of strong, decisive leadership is exactly what's needed at the VA to ensure our veterans receive the benefits they deserve,” the statement said.
Jackson has spoken publicly about prescribing Ambien during White House international trips, a common practice for overcoming jet lag. “When we travel from one time zone to another time zone on the other side of the planet, I recommend that everyone on the plane take a sleep aid at certain times so that we can try our best to get on the schedule of our destination,” Jackson said at a press briefing earlier this year.
Several lawmakers said the White House should be held responsible for the delayed nomination because of a failure to properly vet the nominee.
“It is really frustrating to me that this administration continues to not vet or sloppily send over a nominee that leaves us having to really vet them and look at serious questions, which this Senate is now doing, and that's the right step,” Sen. Patty Murray, D-Wash., told ABC News.
Asked if he should withdraw his nomination, she said, “that is up to the White House.”
“But I will assure you that every one of us as members of the committee are looking at every allegation and we have a responsibility to do so,” she said.
President Trump nominated Jackson last month after he fired his first VA secretary, David Shulkin, amid allegations Shulkin misused taxpayer funds and faced growing tension with other senior Trump staff.
Copyright © 2018, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
FORT JACKSON, S.C. (WSPA) – Two soldiers are dead and six others are hurt after an accident involving a military vehicle and a troop formation Friday afternoon.
The injured, including two who were injured critically, were taken to a hospital off of Fort Jackson.
The identities of the victims have not yet been released, pending notification of the next of kin.
“Our hearts and prayers go out to the families of the soldiers we lost today and to the families of the injured, they represent the best of our Nation and we will endeavor to support all those affected through this difficult time,” said U.S. Army Training Center and Fort Jackson Commander Maj. Gen. Pete Johnson.
The accident is under investigation.
CBS Local — A new study says that young, college-aged adults who regularly consumed energy drinks were at a higher risk of abusing other substances later in life. Researchers at the University of Maryland found that 21-year-olds who drank highly-caffeinated energy beverages had an increased chance of abusing alcohol or other non-prescribed stimulants by age 25.
The study followed nearly 1,100 college students over a five-year period and tracked their continued use of energy drinks. Over half of the students were found to have kept up their high energy drink usage over the course of the study. That group's “persistent trajectory” reportedly lined up with those typically at risk for abusing cocaine or suffering from an alcohol use disorder, according to the findings.
Lead researcher Dr. Amelia Arria says the study gives scientists greater proof energy drinks could be a gateway drug.
“Because of the longitudinal design of this study, and the fact that we were able to take into account other factors that would be related to risk for substance use, this study provides evidence of a specific contribution of energy drink consumption to subsequent substance use,” Dr. Arria added.
The researchers suggest more studies need to be done on teens and children to see if the addictive pattern is the same.
“Future studies should focus on younger people, because we know that they too are regularly consuming energy drinks,” Dr. Arria suggests.
San Diego Fire-Rescue crews and San Diego police were called to Allied Gardens just after 9 a.m. Friday for a massive geyser pumping water out onto the street near a park and playground.
Officials said the water was shut off by 9:35 a.m.
The cause of the geyser was a hydrant that had been struck. No information was available as to what caused the hydrant to open.
[Deal Alert] Sprint's HTC 10 can now be had for just $240, and you don't have to be a Sprint customer to get one
Secretary of Defense Jim Mattis signaled on Wednesday that not only does the Pentagon have a unilateral say over if and when new US troops deploy to Afghanistan, but that it will have a major say in military strategy there as well, leaving critics wary of a commander in chief who shows no interest in commanding.
Under a new authority provided by President Donald Trump on Tuesday and first reported by BuzzFeed News, Mattis will have the final say over how many troops will be sent to Afghanistan, where the US has been fighting a war since 2001. In April, the president granted Mattis the same authorities in Iraq and Syria. Before those changes, such decisions were closely held by the White House. Mattis can now greatly deepen American involvement without having to go to the president.
“This decision is part of a broader strategy we are developing that addresses our role in Afghanistan and beyond. We will present this to the President in the coming weeks. We will continue to work with our allies and we will ask more of them,” Mattis said in a statement.
While testifying on Capitol Hill about the defense budget on Wednesday, Mattis offered the Trump administration's most detailed objectives for the war yet, promising a strategy within weeks. The White House has yet to offer a strategic goal for Afghanistan, other than to call for the defeat of ISIS and al-Qaeda. Trump has yet to speak to the general in charge of the war, even as his administration has spent eight weeks reviewing its position in Afghanistan.
A new strategy seems badly needed. Even though the war is approaching its 16th year, senators were still asking fundamental questions about the US effort on Wednesday.
“How do you define victory?” Sen. Jon Tester asked Mattis. Mattis responded that the US military strategy seeks to lower the levels of violence in Afghanistan to a point that can be contained by local troops, all under a respected Afghan government. That, he said, would ensure there will be no safe havens from which terrorists can plot attacks on the West.
The defense secretary, however, stopped short of giving a timeline for achieving that, or did not say if there would be one.
BBNaija 2019: Bobrisky, Speed Darlington And Roman Goddess Listed As Proposed Candidates
Photo circulating on social media is a comprised list of proposed housemates for Big Brother Naija 2019,I swear all the housemates will either go home with leaking… Or join the Vaseline crew with Romangoddess available, her strategic partner will have a good time, as for Hushpuppi the spoon, boxers, slippers and Cloths he will wear […]
The post BBNaija 2019: Bobrisky, Speed Darlington And Roman Goddess Listed As Proposed Candidates appeared first on Ngyab.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Ngyab. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Cigna to buy Express Scripts for $54 billion US health insurer Cigna said on Thursday it would buy pharmacy benefits manager Express Scripts for about $54 billion, a tie-up that reflects pressure on health care companies to grow...
Trump's DOJ could pose roadblock for CVS-Aetna deal President Trump's Department of Justice appears to be the agency that will review CVS Health's $69 billion merger with Aetna, sources tell The Post. While the decision is not yet...
Wall Street isn't so sure on CVS-Aetna merger While executives at CVS Health expressed confidence on Monday that its $69 billion purchase of Aetna will sail past regulators, Wall street was not so sure. Aetna shares closed Monday...
Stock market reaches record highs after Senate passes tax bill US stocks surged to record highs Monday morning — the first day of trading after the Senate in the wee hours of Saturday morning passed its tax overhaul bill. The...
CVS Health to buy Aetna for $69B CVS Health, the nation's biggest pharmacy chain, agreed on Sunday to purchase Aetna, the No. 3 health insurance company, in a $69 billion deal that promises to reshape the health...
CVS is closing in on a deal to buy Aetna CVS Health is moving closer to a more than $66 billion cash and stock deal to buy health insurer Aetna that could be announced as early as Monday, a source...
CVS reportedly offers over $66B to acquire Aetna US pharmacy operator CVS Health Corp. has made an offer to acquire No. 3 US health insurer Aetna Inc. for more than $200 per share, or over $66 billion, people...
Aetna outed HIV patients' status and personal data Health insurer Aetna reportedly exposed the personal data of HIV patients across the U.S. earlier this month when mailings to the patients revealed the information through a large window on...
Aetna moving headquarters to Meatpacking District Aetna, the 164-year-old insurance giant, is joining the millennial urbanization trend and moving its headquarters and a group of executives to New York City's Meatpacking District. To tempt the company...
Image caption
The i newspaper says the PM is still clinging to power "for now". It says there is "open warfare" within the Tories and that MPs calling for her to stand down will now "regroup and try again before Christmas".
SANDY, Utah — Kyle Beckerman scored his 41st career MLS goal in the 82nd minute, and Real Salt Lake beat the Houston Dynamo 2-1 on Wednesday night.
Salt Lake (6-6-1) has won 10 of its last 11 home games, conceding just 12 goals. Houston (5-4-3) lost for the first time in five games.
Luis Silva put RSL in front in the 34th minute by heading in Sebastian Saucedo's cross.
Beckerman, who entered having played every minute of every RSL game this season, came in as a substitute in the 64th. Eighteen minutes later, Beckerman had a corner kick chested to his feet and he sent a left-footed shot off the far post and in.
Houston's Alberth Elis scored his fifth goal this month, and eighth overall, in the 75th. Nick Rimando's goal kick was intercepted and Elis was left open in front of goal to head home Romell Quioto's cross.
A walk-on coach and instructional assistant at the Irvine Unified School District (IUSD) was arrested on suspicion of communicating with a minor for sex, according to the Carlsbad Police Department.
Jeremy Osso, 36, a Costa Mesa resident, was a defensive coordinator for the varsity football team at University High School. He also served as an instructional assistant at Irvine High School, according to IUSD.
Osso was arrested Wednesday morning by the Internet Crimes Against Children Task Force (ICAC), which includes the Carlsbad Police Department.
He is suspected of communicating with a minor for sex, sending harmful matter to a minor, attempted solicitation of child pornography and burglary.
According to Carlsbad police, Osso came under scrutiny while detectives were conducting an online task force operation in May of this year.
He was placed on unpaid administrative leave by the school district, police said.
The district sent out a statement regarding the incident, which read, in part:
IUSD has been informed by the Carlsbad Police Department that Mr. Osso's communications were with ICAC taskforce members, there is no indication Irvine Unified students are involved. IUSD has placed Mr. Osso on unpaid administrative leave while the police conduct a thorough investigation. The Irvine Unified School District's number one priority is the safety and wellbeing of our students. We have zero tolerance for any behavior that does not support our values, our commitment to integrity, and our service to students. Effective immediately, Mr. Osso will no longer coach or have contact with students at University or Irvine high schools or through any Irvine Unified school. IUSD takes these allegations very seriously and will continue to work closely with the ICAC and the Carlsbad Police Department as they move forward with the investigation.
Anyone with information regarding Osso is asked to call the Carlsbad Police Department.
Osso will be booked into the Vista Detention Facility. His bail has been set at $100,000.
ICAC is comprised of 61 coordinated task forces from more than 3,500 federal, state, and local enforcement and prosecutorial agencies.
To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video
In honor of Independence Day, NASA released a photo of sparkling stars that the space agency compared to a "burst of celestial fireworks."
"Like a July 4 fireworks display, a young, glittering collection of stars resembles an aerial burst," NASA said in a press release about the photo, which is actually a combination of two images captured by the Hubble Space Telescope in 2009.
The cluster of stars is surrounded by clouds of interstellar gas and dust — the raw materials for the creation of new stars, NASA said.
The nebula, located 20,000 light-years from Earth in the constellation Carina, contains a central cluster of huge, hot stars, called NGC 3603, the space agency said.
"Appearing colorful and serene, this environment is anything but," NASA said. "Ultraviolet radiation and violent stellar winds have blown out an enormous cavity in the gas and dust enveloping the cluster."
Most of the stars in the cluster were "born" around the same time but have different colors, temperatures, sizes and mass, NASA said. The cluster includes stars at various stages of their lives, giving scientists a chance to perform detailed analysis of stellar life cycles.
"NGC 3603 also contains some of the most massive stars known," NASA said. "These huge stars live fast and die young, burning through their hydrogen fuel quickly and ultimately ending their lives in supernova explosions."
Star clusters give scientists important clues to help them understand the origin of massive stars, the space agency said.
"Astronomers also use massive clusters to study the distant starbursts that occur when galaxies collide, igniting a flurry of star formation," NASA said.
The relative closeness of NGC 3603 to Earth "makes it an excellent lab for studying such distant and momentous events," NASA said.
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
Josh Rosen is one of four quarterbacks who could go in the draft's first six picks. Mark J. Terrill AP File Photo
Hundreds of revellers lined the streets of Mansfield Woodhouse on Bank Holiday Monday for a charity wheelbarrow race in memory of a ‘legend'.
The Sunnydale Inn on Brown Avenue played host to the 44th annual race, which was held in memory of Kathleen Clarke who sadly passed away from cancer in December.
Her daughter, Jenny Kearns, 50, wanted to remember her mum and raise money for the charities that helped her through the tough times before she died.
Jenny - along with her siblings Louise Clarke, Lisa Vere and Mark Simpson - organised the day, and wore T-shirts with Kathleen's name and picture.
Jenny said: “It was an amazing and emotional day. The pub was packed solid and the whole place was just absolutely rammed.”
Twenty-seven teams began at the Sunnydale Inn, racing around the town in fancy dress before returning to the pub for a well-earned drink.
Jenny's brother-in-law, David Vere, and his friend Mark Yemm ran the wheelbarrow race dressed an leprechaun as a tribute to Kathleen, who was Irish, and they also won the fancy dress competition.
The overall winner of the race was Thomas Smedly and his team.
Although the wheelbarrow race is a bank holiday tradition, the whole community turned out to make it special for Kathleen as she was a familiar face at the Sunnydale Inn .
The day was a rollercoaster of emotions for her family and those whose lives she touched.
Jenny said: “It was a beautiful tribute to mum, and DJ Gaddy organised a touching memorial.
“For weeks he had been gathering videos of her, and helped organise the singers and dancers.”
She added: “It was a brilliant day, very emotional - I spent half the day crying.”
The Sunnydale Inn raised money for Macmillian Cancer support and Alzheimers Society, and Jenny and her family raised money for Macmillian and the King's Mill Hospital's appeal for a new scanner.
Jenny said: “Macmillian did so much for mum.
“She really was a legend of Mansfield Woodhouse and everybody knew her.”
The Sunnydale Inn also revealed a dedicated plaque in Kathleen's memory.
Irish singers and dancers kept revellers entertained on the day, including a performance of ‘I'll Take You Home Again, Kathleen', as requested by the family.
Tracey Lapko, landlady of the Sunnydale Inn said: “It was a lovely day, the weather was nice and sunny, and we were still going at eleven o'clock on Monday night.”
Although the final amount raised is yet to be confirmed, they hope to top previous year's efforts - which have run into hundreds of thousands of pounds.
WARSAW, Poland (AP) — Poland's Senate has backed legislation regulating Holocaust speech that has sparked a diplomatic dispute with Israel and calls from the United States for a reconsideration of a bill seen as threatening freedom of speech.
The bill proposed by Poland's ruling conservative party calls for up to three years in prison for any intentional attempt to falsely attribute the crimes of Nazi Germany to the Polish state or people. It exempts artistic and research work.
Saying the bill defends Poland's good name, the senators voted early Thursday 57-23 to back the bill with two abstentions.
To become law, the bill requires approval from the president, who supports it.
Israel sees the move as an attempt to whitewash the role some Poles played in the killing of Jews during World War II.
The Sussex County Council begins a new year Tuesday morning – with the swearing in of new council member I-G Burton and returning members Sam Wilson and Mike Vincent. The new council and row office members will be sworn in at 9am. The regular council meeting will begin at 10 and after a new president and vice president are elected, they will recognize two retiring employees – Clerk of the Peace John Brady and P&Z Director Lawrence Lank. The council will also present a proclamation to the Woodbridge High School Football team for their championship season.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A worker on average earnings in Cheshire West and Chester now needs an 88% pay rise to afford a mortgage, reveals a new report from the National Housing Federation.
The North West Home Truths 2017/18 report reveals the average home now costs around £232,213 in the Cheshire West and Chester local authority area, which is eight times the local typical salary, making home ownership impossible for many.
The report also reveals:
• The cost of renting privately has added pressure on people's income. Average monthly rents now stand at £648 swallowing up around 28% of private renters' income.
• Around 20% of housing benefit recipients are in work, yet are still unable to afford their rent. This is lower than the England average, but shows rents across the region are increasingly unaffordable.
• The reason for the growing crisis is down to a large shortfall of new housing. Between 2012 and 2016, around 1756 too few homes were built in Cheshire West and Chester.
In the North West last year, housing associations completed nearly 3,400 new homes and started work on just under 4,300 more.
Ciaran Tully, external affairs manager for the National Housing Federation, said: “The housing market has seen a relentless rise in the gap between house prices and people's salaries.
“Cheshire West and Chester UA is no exception. Attaining a mortgage is increasingly unrealistic and private sector rents make saving up that bit more difficult.
“As this year's Home Truths report shows, it is more important than ever for the sector to be able to deliver homes that are truly affordable. If we want to get serious about ending the housing crisis, we need to start looking at unlocking more land so we can build homes faster.”
A Charlottesville, Virginia rally to keep a Confederate statue and the counter-protest to take it down stunned the country after a car drove into a crowd of counter-protestors, killing Heather Heyer and wounding many others. The violence of the weekend led to counter-protests and vigils condemning racism and white nationalism in cities across the United States. See the reactions
Vice President Mike Pence said there is no tolerance for “white supremacists, neo-Nazis or the KKK,” following a white nationalist rally Saturday in Virginia that erupted in violence and left three people dead and multiple injured.
This is a once and a lifetime opportunity to play the King of Country, Mr. George Strait! The producers of the show, Tennessee Whiskey: The Musical the story of Dean Dillion, are conducting a talent search for a singer to play the role of a young George Strait. The show's writer and producer, Dewey Moss, talked about what he's learned by watching singing competitions like The Voice and American Idol and why he opened things up to a nationwide search.
"If we've learned anything from shows like The Voice and American Idol, it's that great singers come from everywhere and may not always have the opportunity to live in a major city for casting." He added:"The character of George Strait is integral to our show and sings some very famous songs, and the fans will want to hear an authentic country singer. So we're excited to start this national talent search..."
If you think you have what it takes to play the country legend, you can audition online by submitting a video singing and playing a Dean Dillon song in the style of George Strait. The videos will then be reviewed and then invitations will be sent to attend one of the national auditions, which will take place over the summer in New York, Nashville and Las Vegas.
To submit your online audition and for more information visit www.tennesseewhiskeythemusical.com
EAGAN, Minn. (WCCO) — The NFL draft is next up in the NFL, and for the Minnesota Vikings on Thursday night.
But there is more. That's what happens when your team starts its off-season workouts at a brand-new practice facility with a new franchise quarterback.
The first thing you notice is the size. An indoor building big enough to practice punting. The Vikings are into these new digs, but only as a boost to the big picture.
“This is Week 1. We're in a brand new, beautiful building you know, but that doesn't mean we're going to win ball games,” defensive end Everson Griffen said. “It's a vibe, man. I think we know the hard work we gotta put in to get where we want to go.”
The next thing you look for is Kirk Cousins. This is his facility, and to an extent, and his team. And he is like his news conference: Well-spoken and optimistic.
“There's a formula there for success. I sit in the team meetings and I see the organization. I see the attention to detail, I see the professionalism and it's just no surprise why there was success last year,” Cousins said. “And it's no surprise why I wanted to be here.”
Then you notice Dalvin Cook. He is back with a brace on his knee, but he's back with expectations. And that's what's most important.
“I feel great. To be back out there with the fellas, that's the first move. That's first off. To go back out there with my teammates, it's always fun being out there on the field,” Cook said.
So the memory of just three months ago now seems like three years ago. That's football.
“We just want to go out with a new attitude, same goals. Go at a different approach, find ways to win and that's it,” cornerback Xavier Rhodes said.
And that's the effect of a new facility.
Twitter COO exits to head up online lender SoFi Anthony Noto, the mastermind behind Twitter's turnaround, is leaving the micro-blogging site to become chief executive of online lender SoFi, the companies said on Tuesday. The moved unnerved Twitter investors,...
Twitter's 'kids' may need some supervision Twitter is all about characters, but these two characters did more damage to the stock than any scathing hashtag could. Instead of Twitter's Interim CEO and co-founder Jack Dorsey and...
Wall Street to Twitter: Users are more important than revenue Wall Street to Twitter: Forget the money. Just show us the users. Twitter topped Wall Street's expectations Tuesday, thanks to a 61 percent surge in revenue, but disappointed when it...
Twitter's big-time promises jolt shares 7.5%, embolden investors Twitter CFO Anthony Noto used his Street cred to send the stock up 7.5 percent Wednesday by vowing to investors that Twitter will eventually be as large as Google, Amazon...
Russian intelligence officials made repeated contact with members of President Trump's campaign staff, according to new reports that cite anonymous U.S. officials. American agencies were concerned about the contacts but haven't seen proof of collusion between the campaign and the Russian security apparatus, the reports say.
Law enforcement and intelligence agencies intercepted the calls at the same time as they investigated Russia's attempts to tamper with the presidential election, according to The New York Times, which first reported the contacts.
Both the Times and CNN, which has published its own story about the intercepted communications, cite multiple current and former U.S. officials as the sources for their stories.
According to CNN, "The communications were intercepted during routine intelligence collection targeting Russian officials and other Russian nationals known to U.S. intelligence."
Reporter Matt Apuzzo, part of the Times team that broke the story, tells NPR's Morning Edition that while officials said they haven't seen proof of collusion — "just the flurry of contacts was enough, and the timing of the contacts, was enough to get them very concerned."
U.S. agencies are still working to determine the reasons behind the contacts, officials tell both news outlets.
Michael Flynn, whose tenure as national security adviser lasted less than four weeks, was among the Trump insiders who were regularly in touch with Russians, according to CNN.
Flynn resigned late Monday after reports alleged that he had discussed U.S. sanctions on Russia with that country's ambassador — and then misled Vice President Mike Pence about the conversations. The chain of events emerging today suggests that those contacts in late December are separate from the calls cited by officials who discussed contacts between Trump campaign aides and Russian nationals during the heat of last year's election season.
President Trump called the new reports "conspiracy theories" early Wednesday.
"The fake news media is going crazy with their conspiracy theories and blind hatred," the president wrote. He then added that MSNBC and CNN are "unwatchable," while the Fox News program Fox & Friends "is great."
The Kremlin had a similar response, with Russian Presidential Spokesman Dmitry Peskov saying, "Let us not believe in what media say, for nowadays it is very difficult to tell actual news from fake ones."
That's according to state-run Tass media, which adds that Peskov also criticized the use of anonymous sources by the media.
In Washington, government leaks have fueled a succession of unflattering stories about the new administration, from details about President Trump's phone calls with foreign leaders to rumored rivalries among senior White House Staff.
Faced with a new leak Wednesday, Trump tweeted, "The real scandal here is that classified information is illegally given out by 'intelligence' like candy. Very un-American!"
Allegations about Trump's involvement with Russia have ranged from reports last month of a dossier that alleged collusion between the then-candidate and Russian President Vladimir Putin to a public call from the candidate himself last July, when he urged Russian agents to "find" Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton's emails and release them.
The FBI has been investigating contacts between Trump aides and Russia; in Congress, there are also calls for public investigations. Last month, the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence announced it would investigate allegations that Russia meddled in the U.S. elections.
But there is resistance among Republicans in Congress to go after one of their own, particularly as the new president is settling into the White House.
Republican Rep. Mike Johnson of Louisiana, who's on the House Judiciary Committee, tells Morning Edition, "I don't think we need an independent investigation here, I think we need to let the Intelligence and the Judiciary committees do their work."
That work, he said, includes receiving classified briefings about the new allegations. Johnson also raised questions about leaks in the government — particularly of information that's drawn from surveillance that swept up the communications of U.S. citizens.
"There are some serious legal implications here," Johnson said, "but it has nothing to do with partisan politics. I mean, the leak of highly classified information by what is apparent here — a number of individuals inside our intelligence community — is the illegal act that I think we need to review."
Johnson also faulted intelligence agencies for not doing more to protect the identity of Americans — such as former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn — whose communications with a foreign national were monitored.
New reports of contacts between the Trump campaign and Russia follow the exit of a third member of Donald Trump's inner circle in the past 12 months amid allegations of inappropriate contact with the country:
Michael Flynn resigned as national security adviser this week over the handling of his contacts with Russia's ambassador to the U.S.;
Paul Manafort, resigned as Trump's campaign chairman last August amid reports of his attempts to align Trump's policies with Russian interests;
Carter Page removed himself as a foreign policy adviser last September, as reports emerged about a visit to Russia and other potential contacts.
Manafort and Flynn were among the senior Trump team members who were "regularly communicating with Russian nationals," CNN reports.
In an interview with the Times, Manafort called the officials' account "absurd" and said he had never had anything to do with Putin's government.
Manafort told the newspaper, "It's not like these people wear badges that say, 'I'm a Russian intelligence officer.'"
Dear Reader,
As you can imagine, more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before. Nevertheless, traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications, like ours, are being forced to look for new ways to keep going. Unlike many other news organizations, we have not put up a paywall. We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analyses from the frontlines of Israel, the Middle East and the Jewish World.
As one of our loyal readers, we ask you to be our partner.
For $5 a month you will receive access to the following:
A user uxperience almost completely free of ads
Access to our Premium Section and our monthly magazine to learn Hebrew, Ivrit
Content from the award-winning Jerusalem Repor
A brand new ePaper featuring the daily newspaper as it appears in print in Israel
Help us grow and continue telling Israel's story to the world.
Thank you,
Ronit Hasin-Hochman, CEO, Jerusalem Post Group
Yaakov Katz, Editor-in-Chief
Former National Security Adviser Mike Flynn blocked a decision to retake the ISIS capital of Raqqa with Kurdish forces while receiving more than $500,000 from Turkey, who opposed the plan, according to a report released Wednesday.
Flynn nixed the military action 10 days before Trump took office, when Obama's staff approached then-President Elect Trump's transition team to make sure they were on board with a decision to use Kurd fighters to overtake the ISIS stronghold, according to The Miami Herald.
The government of Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğgan was reportedly opposed to the plan.
Obama's national security team had decided to ask for Trump's sign-off, since the attack would take place after Trump had become president.
Flynn declined. It was not clear, however, if Flynn spoke with anyone else about the decision.
Meanwhile, The New York Times reported Wednesday that Flynn informed Trump's transition team that he was under federal investigation before he was hired.
Flynn was being probed in January after it became public that he did not disclose that he was acting as a paid lobbyist for the Turkish government during the 2016 presidential campaign.
Despite his warning, Flynn was hired as the president's chief adviser on security issues.
President Obama and former Acting Attorney General Sally Yates also warned Trump about Flynn before and during his short tenure as NSA.
Plastic surgery has never been more widely accepted or readily available in the U.S., but that doesn't mean everyone hoping to change their appearance is opting for it.
Although the overall number of procedures has increased 115% in the U.S.since 2000, the kinds of procedures are shifting. The majority of facial plastic surgeons (66%) said that less expensive, nonsurgical procedures were the top trend in their practice in 2016, according to a survey from the American Academy of Facial Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery (AAFPRS), a professional association representing more than 2,500 surgeons.
Many patients are opting for less-invasive, nonsurgical procedures more often. Of 15.9 million procedures performed in the U.S. in 2015, 6.7 million were Botox, up 1% from 2014, and 2.4 million were soft tissue fillers, up 6% from 2014. Breast augmentation procedures were down 2% from 2014 in 2015, at 279,143 procedures. Liposuction was up 5% from 2014 but down 37% from 2000 at 222,051 procedures.
“A lot of people are utilizing things like Botox, fillers, peels and laser resurfacing in the early process of aging to try to minimize the effects and tread water as long as they can without undergoing a surgical procedure,” said Debra Johnson, a plastic surgeon with a private practice in Sacramento and the president of the American Society of Plastic Surgeons.
The top minimally invasive procedures are Botox, fillers, chemical peels, laser hair removal and microdermabrasion, while the most common surgical procedures are breast augmentation, liposuction, nose reshaping and eyelid surgery.
Pop culture plays a big role, Johnson said. Overall number of surgical procedures has been on the rise for nearly a decade as television shows like Botched, Extreme Makeover, The Swan, Nip/Tuck, and Keeping Up with the Kardashians have normalized cosmetic surgery and shown the realities of it to the average consumer, she added. Celebrity influence plays a large role in patients seeking plastic surgery, according to 99% of doctors in the AAFPRS survey.
Other doctors say the pressure comes from seeing your own face popping up on social media every day: more than 40% of surgeons in the American Academy of Facial Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery survey said patients told them that looking better in selfies on Instagram, Snapchat and Facebook FB, -0.15% was a large incentive for getting surgery.
“Today people see pictures of themselves fairly routinely on Facebook and other sites,” said Fred Fedok, a plastic surgeon and president of the AAFPRS. Catching glimpses of yourself from various unflattering angles can take its toll on your self esteem, he added. It makes people more aware of what they look like, something no amount of airbrushing can change.
Meanwhile, social media use by both doctors and patients is raising questions. One internet-famous plastic surgeon, for example, has accrued hundreds of thousands of followers by exposing the gruesome details of his surgeries on Instagram, Snapchat and live streaming apps.
The American Society of Plastic Surgeons introduced new professional guidelines for social media, but recognizes it can be helpful for patients considering surgery, In fact, the society recommends doctors use platforms like Twitter to educate and engage as well as network professionally. Many patients use RealSelf, a social platform for sharing experiences about cosmetic surgery, to learn about the realities of a procedure before undergoing it.
“It used to be that if you wanted to go get plastic surgery you'd talk to your friends and your doctor — now the vast majority of patients go online and look at reviews and other social media,” Johnson said.
Non-medically necessary cosmetic procedures are generally not covered by insurance, but Johnson said most of this kind of work is more affordable than people think — many doctors even offer payment plans. “Our research shows the vast majority of patients are middle class people, mostly women, who just want to maintain a youthful appearance,” Johnson said. “People are working longer into their late 60s and 70s and they want to look youthful, competitive and energetic in the workplace.”
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Michael O'Leary is chief executive of Ryanair
Cabin crew reduced to tears, pilots refused days off even for their weddings, and workers "left in exile" thousands of miles from their homes and families.
After budget airline Ryanair was forced to cancel thousands of flights - repeatedly blaming a rostering error rather than an alleged pilot shortage - chief executive Michael O'Leary has written to pilots offering them better pay and conditions.
Here, a long-serving pilot explains why the offer is "too little, too late", and explains why his colleagues are leaving the airline.
'Perfect storm'
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Ryanair said it had "messed up the allocation of annual leave", but pilots claim their colleagues are leaving to fly for other airlines
Ryanair's chief executive Michael O'Leary is partly right to say the cancellations have been caused by problems accommodating pilots' leave, says the pilot.
But this has been exacerbated by unhappy staff seeking new jobs with rival airlines, he believes.
"The Irish Aviation Authority has changed the rules where pilots cannot fly more than 1,000 hours in a rolling year, and the flight hours have to be taken from January to December, whereas Ryanair were using April to April.
"Ryanair have been given two years' notice but the company have left it to the last minute," the pilot says.
"It's been the perfect storm because, at the same time, other airlines are hiring crews, so they are leaving for pastures new.
"If it wasn't for the crews' goodwill I think this crisis would have come sooner, because for a long time now they've been asking people to work days off.
"Pilots are being used as the scapegoat to cover for incompetency in the upper management, and it's just totally disgusting.
"Instead of O'Leary standing up and taking the blame he's directing the problems and the blame at pilots and saying it's because we're taking leave and holidays.
"That's simply not true. It may be true in a very few cases, but people are working harder now than ever to try to make up this shortfall in crewing levels that we have."
'Toxic atmosphere'
Image copyright AFP / Getty Images Image caption Ryanair staff have been sharing memes among each other that compare the management of Ryanair to the North Korean regime
The pilot said he and many other newly-qualified pilots joined Ryanair following the recession of 2008 when it was one of the few airlines still recruiting.
"A lot have remained here ticking along, but now that the market has become a lot more buoyant and there are other competitors offering much better terms and conditions. They've had enough and they are leaving," he said.
"On a local level the company is fantastic and I'm very fortunate to work with some very highly-skilled individuals.
"Then you have the management at the upper level and it's run like a communist regime in some respects. It's dictated from the top and you are just expected to get on with it.
"I know of colleagues that have had leave denied getting married and then these pilots rely on the goodwill and conscience of other pilots to cover their rostered flights so they can get married.
"This company will happily fire pilots to quell any uprising, even to the point where they would close a base or multiple bases to send a message to the rest: 'You just get on and do your job and keep doing what we tell you to do'.
"We have some memes that have been doing the rounds which we feel accurately portray the situation and feelings of the crew - comparing the company to the North Korean communist regime.
"The way they treat the staff is not much better, if not worse, than the way they treat their customers.
"People have just had enough of the toxic atmosphere that's been created here."
The BBC contacted Ryanair with these claims and a spokesman said it was "untrue" there was a toxic atmosphere among staff.
Working hours
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Ryanair chief executive Michael O'Leary has said he would "challenge any pilot to explain how this is a difficult job or how it is they are overworked"
Mr O'Leary has said pilots fly for no more than 18 hours a week. However, the British Airline Pilots' Association (Balpa) has said this "does not seem to have any basis in reality".
The pilot echoed the Balpa view.
"In reality our hours are much longer than that," he said.
"[Mr O'Leary] has divided the maximum amount of hours a crew can fly in a year, which is 900 hours, by 52 weeks.
"I myself typically fly between 30 to 40 hours a week. This is what is called 'flight duty' and starts from reporting to work to when we set the parking brake at the end of the day.
"This does not include turnarounds and post-duty paperwork, which we are not paid for.
"If Ryanair advertise to their customers that the flight leaves at five o'clock and arrives at seven o'clock then we only get paid for those two hours.
"We are not paid for the time spent getting back to base either. Sometimes it's a case that you can't get back on the same day and you are having to pay for a hotel out of your own money, then catch a flight the following day to get home or catch multiple flight connections if the base isn't particularly well connected."
Ryanair declined to comment on whether pilots are paid only for the advertised length of the flight. It has said previously that pilots receive "great pay and industry-leading terms and conditions".
Cabin crews
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption There is a lack of basic benefits such as crew meals and drinks, the pilot said
"Cabin crew are employed under similar conditions, on agency contracts, and the things I've seen are pretty disgusting," said the pilot.
"They are given unachievable sales targets, and if they've not reached sales targets they will be berated in a debriefing afterwards by a base supervisor, who is acting as a minion for Dublin.
"It's known for cabin crew to cry after their debriefings. I've seen them lined up almost like a military parade before being inspected, having their bags searched and all kinds of things.
"These people are not earning very much money - around £1,000 a month.
"In some bases the cabin crew even have to rent one room together, and sleep in the same bed - maybe one person who works early shifts and one person who works late shifts - because they are not paid enough to even afford their own accommodation in those particular areas.
"It's quite common for them to be threatened to be moved to a less desirable base, further away from home, unless their sales improve.
"There is also a lack of basic benefits - no free bottles of water, coffee or tea and no crew meals. All of these needs to be brought to work by the pilot and it's the same for cabin crew.
"They provide a water dispenser at every crew room, where you need to take an empty bottle to fill up. You also pay for your own uniform through a Ryanair-approved supplier."
The BBC asked Ryanair to comment on cabin crew being threatened and berated for not meeting sales targets, not being able to afford accommodation and sharing beds with colleagues. Ryanair responded: "These claims are untrue."
'Mass exodus'
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The British Airline Pilots' Association (Balpa) has "urged Ryanair to do more to encourage pilots to stay with the airline"
"Some competitors do have similar work arrangements, but nothing to the extent that Ryanair do," the pilot said.
"They've copied the low-cost business model from Southwest Airlines [in the United States] but gone to the extreme.
"Southwest make good profits and it's been ranked as one of the best airlines in America to fly for, as they take good care of crews and pay them well.
"However, Michael O'Leary seems to have taken enjoyment from taking the low road and taunting his customers and crews because he knows he can get away with it.
"Passengers want a British Airways service, but ultimately when it comes to booking they will book with Ryanair because he's offering a 10-euro seat.
"However, the tactics of ruling by fear and divide and conquer are outdated in the pilot market we're in now.
"Now, with the invention of WhatsApp people are openly discussing what's going on, and people are starting to see that there is more unity coming together.
"If there's no improvement here, and the management continue to bury their head in the sand, many people will continue to leave and the mass exodus will just continue."
The pilot said Mr O'Leary's offer of better pay and conditions "does not come across as sincere and genuine".
"People want to stay, they want to work and do a good job, but management are treating us like the enemy when we are the assets of the company," he said.
"We are an airline and without pilots and cabin crew the aircraft go nowhere."
In his latest letter to pilots, Mr O'Leary said he had interacted with many pilots over 30 years. "Over this period I have always tried to be courteous, respectful and grateful for the outstanding job that you do, and this will remain my approach."
The rise of Ryanair
Image copyright AFP Image caption Michael O'Leary, pictured outside a British Airways travel shop in 1998, has taken cost-cutting culture to the extreme, said the pilot
Ryanair began operating in 1985, originally flying daily from Waterford in Ireland to London Gatwick
In the early 1990s, the airline's founder Tony Ryan sent Michael O'Leary, an accountant by training, to Texas to find out how Southwest Airlines was making profits with lower fares
Mr O'Leary, now chief executive, took cost-cutting culture to the extreme, even telling his staff to take pens from hotels and legal offices instead of buying them
Ryanair now has 4,200 pilots flying a fleet of 400 Boeing 737-800 aircraft between more than 200 airports in 33 countries
It reports carrying 131 million passengers a year, more than any other airline in Europe, and operates more than 2,000 flights a day
Read more - Ryanair and Easyjet: The history of the peanut airlines
The BBC agreed not to identify the pilot.
Jessica Leeds discusses the fallout of her accusation of sexual misconduct by President Donald Trump. (Published Monday, Dec. 11, 2017)
Trump Accuser: 'We Are Not Holding Our President Accountable'
Over 50 Democratic lawmakers on Monday asked the House oversight committee to investigate sexual misconduct allegations made against President Donald Trump.
In a letter to committee chairman Rep. Trey Gowdy, R-S.C., and ranking member Rep. Elijah Cummings, D-Md., the Democratic Women's Working Group wrote that the country deserves "a full inquiry into the truth of these allegations."
“At least 17 women have publicly accused the President of sexual misconduct,” the letter, which was signed by 56 lawmakers, said. “We cannot ignore the multitude of women who have come forward with accusations.”
The letter added that Trump should be allowed to present evidence in his own defense.
White House Denies Sexual Misconduct Claims Against Trump
HATTIESBURG, Miss. — Dominic Magee scored 27 points, Tyree Griffin added a career-high 23 with five assists, and Southern Miss beat Troy 89-71 on Sunday after winning the turnover battle for the ninth time this season.
Troy's Wesley Person scored 20 points with four 3-pointers to become the first player in school history to make 300 career 3-pointers.
Cortez Edwards scored 16 points and the Golden Eagles (5-4) made 13 3-pointers and scored 22 points off of 13 Troy turnovers while committing just seven turnovers. Southern Miss ranks third in the nation behind Hofstra and LSU for fewest turnovers per game (7.3).
Alex Hicks hit a jumper and two free throws and Troy closed within 48-39 early in the second half, but Edwards' jumper sparked a 14-0 run capped by Griffin's 3 and Southern Miss coasted from there. The Golden Eagles led by 25 on free throws by Magee with 9:41 left and shot 65.4 per cent from the floor in the half. Person made three 3s in the final 7:10, but Troy trailed by double digits the rest of the way.
Hicks added 13 points and Juan Davis Jr. 10 for Troy (5-5).
Sometimes all it takes is a little magic to get things done.
Teenager Drew Anthony had a pretty rough upbringing, growing up in the inner city without his father who was killed in a drive by shooting when Anthony was just 3. But against the odds, he continued to excel in school, even learning to speak German and Italian.
Anthony's dream of being an Opera star is what really kept him afloat — until he was forced out of college last year because he couldn't afford the tuition. But the magic of the Universe was on young Anthony's side. St. Luke's choral director invited Anthony to perform one night, which went on to be Anthony's greatest performance of his life so far.
That day, the audience raised $40,000 for Drew — enough to cover his next year of college. This video is proof that dreams do come true if you allow them to work themselves out.
Also On 101.1 The Wiz:
Image copyright PA Image caption On Wednesday, more than 400 Thameslink trains were cancelled
A rail firm that compared its poor service to chocolate from Poundland has been threatened with legal action by the discount chain.
Thameslink has apologised after making the comment in reply to a passenger who was angry overtrain cancellations.
In response, Poundland retail director Austin Cooke said it had "no right to use our name to describe poor service".
It comes after more than 450 Thameslink trains were either cancelled or ran late on Wednesday.
Thameslink had responded to a tweet from a passenger, called Kevin, who posted a picture of a departure board showing train cancellations, stating "Why, Ambassador @TLRailUK, with this fine service you are spoiling us."
In response, Thameslink replied: "Very sorry Kevin. Appreciate at the moment the service is less Ferrero Rocher and more Poundland cooking chocolate."
It prompted Mr Cooke to tweet Charles Horton, chief executive of Thameslink's parent firm Govia Thameslink Railway (GTR), stating that Poundland served eight million shoppers last week and has a "pretty good idea about what great customer service is".
Mr Cooke added: "But if we ever fall short, perhaps we'll describe ourselves as a bit ThamesLink.
"If you don't want to hear from our extremely twitchy legal team, we suggest you remove your tweet."
Later GTR did apologise to Mr Cooke, stating: "Very sorry team for using your name here. I have removed the offending tweet."
GTR has been dogged by disrupted services since the publication of new timetables on 20 May.
Its poor performance, along with that of Northern rail, prompted Transport Secretary Chris Grayling on Wednesday to say the "rail industry has collectively failed" passengers.
GTR said it expected disruption to ease "over the coming month", while Northern said it had commissioned a report to "ensure lessons are learned".
Mr Grayling said: "The way timetabling is done has to change."
GTR runs Thameslink, Southern, Great Northern and the Gatwick Express, while Northern runs services across North of England from Newcastle to Nottingham and in Greater Manchester, Yorkshire, Cumbria and Merseyside.
Many services across the country suffered "Meltdown Monday" on 21 May when the new timetables came into force.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Can Hack But Not Shoot? FBI May Ease Entry for Cyber Agents Aspiring federal agents who can hack a computer with ease but can't shoot their way out of a paper bag could soon find the FBI to be more welcoming. In a series of recent speeches, FBI Director James Comey has hinted the bureau may adjust its hiring requirements to attract top-notch cyber recruits, the better to compete with private sector companies who can lure the sharpest technical minds with huge salary offers. He's floated the idea of scrapping a requirement that agents who leave the FBI but want to return after two years must re-enroll in the bureau's storied but arduous Quantico, Virginia, training academy. He's also lamented, half-jokingly, that otherwise qualified applicants may be discouraged from applying because of a fondness for marijuana. And he's suggested the FBI may need to build its own university to groom cyber talent and questioned whether every member of a cyber squad actually needs to be a gun-carrying agent. "Our minds are open to all of these things because we are seeking a talent -- talent in a pool that is increasingly small. So, you're going to see us experiment with a number of different approaches to this," Comey said last week at a gathering of the Intelligence National Security Alliance. The rethinking on recruitment comes as the FBI confronts increasingly complex cyber challenges, including crippling state-sponsored attacks, and as it's racing to develop more sophisticated techniques for combating internet-based threats. The FBI, for instance, has struggled in recent years to break into encrypted cellphones of criminal suspects and sued Apple last year after agents could not access a locked iPhone used by a mass shooter in a San Bernardino, California. Though an unidentified third-party vendor ultimately came forward with a tool to open the phone, law enforcement officials remain concerned about electronic terrorism recruitment that occurs through encrypted channels and out of sight of investigators. Even crimes that investigators have tackled for decades, like child pornography, have grown more complicated as suspects trade images through secret internet networks that shield their locations and identities. The Justice Department has been developing ways through bulk hacking to uncover the users' locations, though defendants have repeatedly -- and with some success -- challenged the use of that tactic. "The world's not coming back. The old school stuff that I did 20, 30 years ago in the State Police and the FBI, all those crimes nowadays have a major cyber component to it," said Robert Anderson, a retired FBI executive assistant director who oversaw cyber investigations. Given the increasing emphasis on computer crime, the bureau has struggled to find prospective cyber agents who check all the conventional boxes for successful agents, Comey says. "We will find people of integrity who are really smart, who know cyber -- and can't do a pushup. Or we'll find people, maybe they can do a pushup, they're smart and they can do cyber -- but they want to smoke weed on the way to the interview," the FBI director has said. Comey's floated different possible solutions, but he's returned several times to the idea of waiving the requirement that people who want to return to the FBI after two years outside the bureau re-enroll in Quantico. "Our people leave, go to the private sector, discover it's a soulless, empty way to live -- and then they realize, 'My life is empty, I need moral content in my work,'" Comey said, light-heartedly and to laughter, in a recent speech at the University of Texas at Austin. He added: "I gave the creds for the second time to a 42-year-old cyber agent, and I said, 'So, how was Quantico?' He said, 'It was a nightmare, it was a nightmare.' And so we're trying to figure out, are there ways we should approach this differently to recognize the challenge we have in attracting talent." Comey made headlines on the topic in 2014 when, in response to a question, he said that a prospective candidate who had previously smoked marijuana should go ahead and apply anyway. FBI rules disqualify applicants who have smoked marijuana within the last three years, and there's been no sign that that will change. He was chastised days later at a Senate Judiciary Committee hearing by then-Sen. Jeff Sessions, now the United States attorney general and Comey's boss, about whether he understood that those comments could "be interpreted as one more example of leadership in America dismissing the seriousness of marijuana use." Comey replied that he had tried to be "both serious and funny" and was merely remarking on the FBI's challenges in developing a cyber workforce at a time when "more and more" young people were trying marijuana. He pronounced himself "absolutely dead-set against using marijuana" and noted that he had not said that he would change the FBI's policy. Anderson said, "Anything new in the government is like getting your wisdom teeth pulled out. Anything new takes a while for the culture of the FBI to adjust to it." He added, "If the strategic vision is to create a mecca for cyber, we're going to have to change." © 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved. Read more on: FBI, Government, Hackers, Cybersecurity, Cybercrime, Tech Jobs, Security
Limericks by Bob Aldrich Numerous lake sightings have occurred
Of our elusive national bird
To glimpse the bald eagle
Find its head - so regal
When its distinctive high “kleek” is heard.
A young carpenter had to complain
When he left his nail gun in the rain.
His wife chose to procure
A rust brown manicure.
So for both, rusty nails now remain
Our weather forecasters may blunder
Due to the high pressures they're under.
They watch each other's shows
To see how the wind blows.
The trade calls it stealing the thunder
Borders MP David Mundell has hit out at the Scottish Government's decision to give the thumbs-up to controversial plans for a wind farm near Tweedsmuir.
Both Ettrick and Yarrow and Upper Tweed community councils were opposed to the proposals, first submitted three years ago, and Scottish Borders Council rejected them twice.
Borders MP David Mundell.
Government reporters David Buylla and Claire Milne have overruled unanimous opposition to the bid, however, and upheld Greenock-based 2020 Renewables' appeal, granting it permission to put up 14 turbines on an 820-hectare site at Whitelaw Brae, three kilometres south of Tweedsmuir.
The turbines, capable of producing 50 megawatts of power, would be up to 134m tall.
They would be less than four kilometres away from South Lanarkshire's 152-turbine Clyde wind farm, near Abington.
Dumfriesshire, Clydesdale and Tweeddale MP Mr Mundell, also Scottish Secretary, said: “I am very angry that the Whitelaw Brae wind farm has been given the green light by the Scottish Government near Tweedsmuir.
“Local people and the local authority were united in their opposition to this major development, but, once again, the Scottish Government has chosen to ignore the views of people living there, with their we-know-best attitude.
“My position on wind farm developments is clear in my constituency – enough is enough.
“This is another development that will harm the tourist industry, which is vital for the local economy, and local people will be wondering if wind farm developments will ever end in this area.
“All too often, the Scottish Government are overturning local planning decisions, which is deeply damaging for local democracy.”
In his original objection, Mr Mundell calculated that the number of wind farms in operation, in construction or already given planning consent mean that Scotland is already two-thirds of the way towards meeting its electricity needs from renewable sources, and if all those in the planning stages were to be approved, their combined output could be up to a third more than Scottish ministers' stated target.
A Scottish Government spokesperson said: “Wind and other renewable sources play a vital part in meeting Scotland's energy needs and will continue to do so as we move to a low carbon energy future, but we also have clear policies which make sure that developments only go ahead in the right places.
“Scottish planning policy now provides additional protection for both our national parks and national scenic areas.
“The application for the Whitelaw Brae wind farm was subject to a public local inquiry which considered all potential impacts, including tourism.
“Ministers gave careful consideration and agreed to the reporters' recommendations to grant consent with conditions.”
Mountaineering Scotland, another of the 84 objectors to register their opposition to the plans, has also hit out at the reporters' decision.
Its chief executive officer, David Gibson, said: “At a time when the Scottish Government is holding a public consultation about the future of planning policy, this decision demonstrates what is wrong about planning democracy in Scotland.
“The decision also completely ignores the negative impact the development will have on the local tourism industry.
“We're disappointed, but not surprised, that our own research into tourism impacts has been ignored consistently by developers and those who run the planning system in Scotland.
“Even research promoted by the renewables industry itself now demonstrates that wind farms negatively impact on tourism employment in mountain areas.
“It is disingenuous to put at risk any segment of Scotland's tourism market such as that dependent upon wild and open landscapes.
“We repeat our call to the Scottish Government that it must commission a study of wind farms, landscape quality and tourism impact from a demonstrably independent research body.
“Pending the outcome of this, the planning system must reset the bar for approval higher for applications for wind farms in locally designated landscape areas.””
Reasons given by Scottish Borders Council for rejecting the application included the negative impact it would have on the landscape of the region.
Mining the data from Americans' medical records may not sound exciting, but it can yield some fascinating information.
Amino, a company that examines the data from electronic insurance claims, took a look at the reports of physical injuries in its database, and developed a graphic to show the most disproportionately common injury in every state.
Amino
The results, ranging from insect bites to sprains, come from every physical injury diagnosis in Amino's health insurance claims database from 2012 to 2016. There are more than 3,000 codes that describe physical injuries, so Amino grouped them under common names like "bruising" and "fall."
Those are injuries that happen everywhere, so to dig deeper into each state, the company "compared each injury's frequency per state with the national frequency. That allowed us to determine which injuries were disproportionately more or less common in each state, compared to the nation as whole."
Amino points out a few broad trends: "Suffocation" was prevalent in six of the eight mountain states, while there were a disproportionate number of concussions in Massachusetts.
Here's a full list of the findings:
The long-awaited arrival of April the giraffe's baby has made Animal Adventure Park the second most live-viewed channel in YouTube's history.
April's livestream had more than 232 million live views and 7.6 billion minutes of live watch time since February, second only to League of Legends eSports, which has been around since 2012, YouTube said on Monday.
The channel had its biggest day on Saturday, with more than 14 million live views. More than 1.2 million viewers were watching the livestream simultaneously on YouTube when April gave birth Saturday morning, making it one of the Top 5 most-watched moments.
The not-yet-named male baby giraffe was running around with its mother within three hours of birth at the private zoo in Harpursville, a village 130 miles (210 kilometers) northwest of New York City.
Animal Adventure Park owner Jordan Patch said the baby was healthy and April was recovering “perfectly.”
April and the baby will be introduced to the public when the park opens for the season next month.
“We're going to see that baby and mom really develop a beautiful bond,” Patch said.
The zoo is holding a contest to name the baby, charging $1 per vote, with proceeds being split among wild giraffe conservation efforts, zoo upgrades and support for families of children experiencing unexpected medical expenses.
April's fans can continue to watch mother and baby on livestream now. But eventually, after the baby is weaned, it will move on to be paired with young females at another zoo, where it will produce calves of its own, Patch said.
Apple Said to Design Own IPhone Screens at Secret Facility
Bloomberg's Mark Gurman discusses Apple said to be developing their own iPhone screen and lessen their reliance on Samsung. He speaks on "Bloomberg Markets." (Source: Bloomberg)
Uni Investigates Rape Message Left In Student Halls
The University of Nottingham says it is investigating after a picture was posted online appearing to show a message condoning rape left in a student hall.
Twitter user @victoriakayexo posted the photo of the message online yesterday.
It shows the words 'uni girls love rape' written in toilet tissue and was left in a shared bathroom floor in Florence Boot Hall.
She posted: "What the hell is this doing in one of the University of Nottingham Florence Boot Halls shared bathroom? This is disgusting. What is wrong with people."
The University responded to the post on Twitter saying it is investigating. It said: "This disgusting message was removed as soon as staff were made aware of it. It doesn't reflect the values of the Uni and the behaviour we expect within our community. We're investigating to find who placed it there."
The uni also suggested it would help if anyone was offended and concerned by this, saying: "Misogyny is a hate crime in Nottingham, you can report it to the Uni and we'll support you and make sure the problem is dealt with."
This disgusting message was removed as soon as staff were made aware of it. It doesn't reflect the values of the Uni and the behaviour we expect within our community. We're investigating to find who placed it there. (1/3) — Uni of Nottingham (@UniofNottingham) May 30, 2018
This disgusting message was removed as soon as staff were made aware of it. It doesn't reflect the values of the Uni and the behaviour we expect within our community. We're investigating to find who placed it there. (1/3) — Uni of Nottingham (@UniofNottingham) May 30, 2018
© CAPA
The three large US global network airlines – American, Delta and United – were reasonably positive about their outlooks in early Jan-2017 prior to the US government issuing travel restrictions for several countries. The long term effects of President Trump's executive order remain unclear, but early indications show a curb of some corporate travel just as yields in that passenger segment were starting a slow recovery.
Those three airlines were optimistic that pricing in the US market, including business travel fares, had hit the bottom and was turning a corner. For now that is still the likely scenario, with the domestic market serving as one of the stronger entities for those three airlines prior to the travel ban. Latin America had also started a solid recovery, with American, Delta and United all posting positive passenger unit revenue results for that region during 4Q2016, and they expect Latin America's momentum to continue into 1Q2017.
The trans-Atlantic and trans-Pacific remain the most challenging regions for American, Delta and United. Trans Atlantic flights are challenged by competitive capacity and currency fluctuations that show no signs of retrenching. But prospects for the trans Pacific look better in 2H2017 as service caps in the current China-US bilateral are met during that period.
Prospects remain positive for the US domestic market, for now
American recorded a 0.3% gain in its US domestic passenger unit revenue during 4Q2016, and the region was the second best performer for Delta and United year-on-year.
United, Delta and American''s 4Q2016 PRASM performance by geographical regions
Airline Domestic Atlantic Pacific Latin America United 1.2% decrease 2.8% decrease 6% decrease 7.3% increase Delta 2.7% decrease 6% decrease 8.8% decrease 5.2% increase American 0.3% increase 7.7% decrease 4.9% decrease 10.2% increase
American cited improvement across all of its domestic hubs, singling out Dallas/Fort Worth and Los Angeles as revenue leaders. Flow markets were the strongest performers in the airline's domestic entity as pricing in the region stabilised.
Delta is projecting passenger unit revenue growth of 2% in 1Q2017, and the company has stated that returning to a positive PRASM performance rests largely on its domestic entity. As of early Jan-2017, broadly half of Delta's domestic network was producing positive unit revenue. The airline cited New York JFK, Seattle and Los Angeles as “bright spots” in 4Q2016, and forward trends in those markets looked positive.
In early Jan-2017 Delta advised that approximately 35% of its corporate customers planned to maintain or increase travel spend in 1Q2017, which was the best forward looking outlook the airline had gleaned during the past two years.
But corporate yields have a long road to a full recovery. Delta's corporate fares were 30% to 40% below historical highs during the past year, and it will take some time to regain lost ground in the corporate sector.
United concluded that strength in close in corporate travel in the US domestic market that began in 3Q2016 had continued into 4Q, and the airline is forecasting a flat or positive PRASM performance in its domestic entity in 1Q2017 versus a 1.2% decline in the final quarter of 2017.
Latin America emerges as a welcome bright spot for the US Big 3 airlines
Near the end of 2016 Latin America emerged as a bright spot for US airlines as trends on international routes to Brazil stabilised – in part because of capacity reductions. Data from CAPA and OAG for the week of 30-Jan-2017 show that seats between the US and Brazil have reduced by 25% year-on-year.
United States of America to Brazil (seats per week, one way): 1-Feb-2016 and 30-Jan-2017
During 4Q2016 American posted the largest PRASM increase in Latin America (among its large US global US peers) – it was 10.2% (see chart above). In addition to improving conditions on routes to Brazil, American stated that routes to Mexico, Central America and Brazil were positive during the quarter. Although its PRASM in Brazilian markets jumped 53% year-on-year, American warned that passenger unit revenues remain negative on a two year basis.
The airline cited competitive capacity additions from the US to the Caribbean during 2016, which created a weak pricing environment. Capacity pressure in Caribbean routes is creating some pressure on American's Miami hub that the airline believes should continue for the next few months or quarters.
Delta expects that the positive momentum it is experiencing in Latin America should continue, noting that Brazil has led a turnaround in the region. Additionally, Delta stated that each Latin American subentity had posted a positive PRASM for the first time since 3Q2011.
United also believes its positive results in Latin America will continue after its PRASM on Brazilian routes grew 40% year-on-year in 4Q2016. However, the airline is forecasting lower PRASM growth on its Latin routes in 1Q2017.
Delta looks to adjust its trans-Atlantic model as LCC competition intensifies
During the past year the large US global airlines have cited tough conditions in the trans Atlantic, with the UK Brexit vote, terrorist attacks, currency fluctuations, and competitive capacity serving as the pressure points in the region.
American has said that the Atlantic was its worst performing region during the last quarter of 2016. In addition to the factors listed above, the airline stated that it was highly exposed to the GBP, with half of its trans Atlantic capacity deployed to the UK. The UK's currency suffered after the Brexit vote, and as of early Feb-2017 the GBP was trading at 0.79 to the USD.
Delta also cited capacity, currency pressure (the EUR was trading at 0.93 to the USD in early Feb-2017) and capacity additions as challenges in the trans Atlantic.
American cited low cost capacity in the region as one driver of negative PRASM.
Iceland's WOW Air and Norwegian Air Shuttle have upped their presence in the trans-Atlantic market during the past year, and schedules from CAPA and OAG for the week of 30-Jan-2017 show that WOW Air's seats are up 247% year-on-year, and Norwegian's seats have grown 82%.
However, their respective shares remain small; WOW has a 1% share and Norwegian's share is 3.5%. Icelandair has grown its seats between the US and Western Europe by 25% year-on-year, but its share is 2%. Overall, seats between the US and Western Europe are up 5.5% year-on-year.
United States of America to Western Europe (seats per week, one way): 1-Feb-2016 and 30-Jan-2017
Norwegian Air International is planning to launch flights with 737Max jets from Europe to secondary US airports such as Stewart International and Providence later in 2017, which could put further pressure on fares in the trans Atlantic market. American Airlines has warned of a tough competitive environment in the trans Atlantic, particularly over the next year as capacity continues to grow.
Delta is aware of the changing competitive dynamics in the trans Atlantic market. The airline is using its first mover advantage in product segmentation to address the new competition. It plans to offer its basic economy product system wide by 2018, and is also in the process of adding a premium economy product on some of its routes. American is also rolling out a premium economy product on its widebody fleet.
“We need to adjust to that new paradigm as high quality products for leisure customers who are willing to pay more than just standard coach fares”, said Delta President Glen Hauenstein. “So we have some adjustments to make in our model.”
Caps in the China US bilateral should ease capacity pressure in the trans-Pacific
Pacific passenger unit revenues for American, Delta and United during the past year have also been challenged by overcapacity.
Delta is in the process of restructuring its Pacific operation to de-emphasise its hub at Tokyo Narita and focus on partner airline hubs in Shanghai and Seoul. Delta expects 4Q2016 to be tough for its Pacific passenger unit revenue performance as industry capacity growth moderates, particularly in Shanghai and Beijing where capacity growth has created pressure during the past few years.
Capacity in those markets is being mitigated by airlines reaching service caps in the US-China bilateral later in 2017, and United also cited the easing of capacity growth in 2H2017 on Pacific routes. The company is stopping short of predicting a return to positive PRASM on those routes, but is encouraged by a tapering off of capacity pressure. In the short term, United expects a lower 1Q2017 PRASM performance on its Pacific routes compared to 4Q2016, when passenger unit revenue fell 6% year-on-year.
American also expects its 1Q2017 Pacific PRASM to fall at similar levels year-on-year to 4Q2016's decline of 4.9%. Its challenges in the Pacific are somewhat self imposed. Its capacity in 4Q2016 was up 39% year-on-year due to new routes launched from Los Angeles to Hong Kong, Sydney and Auckland.
Early days of the Trump Administration cause uncertainty and headaches for airlines
Although all three of the large US global network airlines attributed better than expected 4Q2016 unit revenue results to a bump in demand after the US presidential election in Nov-2016, the effects of Mr Trump's policies on travel are tough to predict.
Airlines are welcoming the potential easing of regulatory burdens, and the Big 3 are also preparing to voice their arguments over alleged subsidies of the ME3 (Middle Eastern/Gulf airlines) to a new administration - although, for the first meeting with President Trump, the agenda revolved around ATC reform and the FAA.
See related reports:
But an overall protectionist stance, including the debate over erecting a wall on the Mexican border, could have adverse effects on travel, as well as Mr Trump's 90 day ban on travel to the US from citizens of Iraq, Syria, Iran, Libya, Somalia, Sudan and Yemen. The Association of Corporate Travel Executives (ACTE) conducted a survey of its members in which 22% held the view that a lasting impact of the ban would be new and intensified threats to travellers abroad - a real concern where corporate travel brings with it high levels of duty of care for employers. The Global Business Travel Association GBTA recently polled its members, and 31% stated that they expect the restrictions to result in a reduction in corporate travel.
Any change to travel patterns or demand to the US would hamper US airlines' efforts to restore positive unit revenue.
In the short term Mr Trump's executive order has wreaked havoc at US airports, creating unsettling situations for US airlines. “Crews, reservation agents and airport teams have witnessed turmoil in our airports that shows how divisive this order can be”, stated American CEO Doug Parker.
The Trump Administration remains a wild card as US airlines work to restore revenue
American, Delta and United all believe they will return to positive unit revenue in early 2017 after trends in the US market began to stabilise in late 3Q2016. All of those airlines are keeping system capacity growth below 2% in 2017 as a means to ensure a proper supply demand balance.
But some level of uncertainty belies those positive sentiments as the Trump Administration settles in.
In the early days Mr Trump has created a confusing portrait of the US on the world stage that could have far reaching effects on demand to and from the US, and that is set to hurt the revenue recovery for US airlines over the long term.
Want more analysis like this? CAPA Membership gives you access to all news and analysis on the site, along with access to many areas of our comprehensive databases and toolsets.
Find out more and take a free trial.
An Owensboro man was jailed on a sodomy charge.
Jeremy Whitledge, 40, is accused of abusing a victim multiple times. He's charged with sodomy with a victim under 12-years-old.
Whitledge is being held in the Henderson County Jail on a $5,000 bond.
Copyright 2017 WFIE. All rights reserved.
Melaye never evaded arrest, says media aide
Mr Gideon Ayodele, the Special Adviser (Media) to embattled senator representing Kogi West Senatorial District, Sen. Dino Melaye, said the lawmaker never evaded arrest by the police.
Ayodele in statement in Abuja on Tuesday said: “for the avoidance of doubt, Sen. Melaye had never evaded police invitation before now because there was none extended to him in the first place.
“Rather, what the Police Force Public Relations Officer Mr Jimoh Moshood had been doing was to summon the senator through media briefings, a practice unconventional.”
The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the Nigeria Police had on Monday laid siege at residence of the lawmaker.
However, a statement earlier on Tuesday quoted the police as saying that Melaye as law-abiding citizen voluntarily submitted himself to operatives of the Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) who laid siege to his private residence since around 3.35 p.m. of Monday, April 23, 2018.
The statement added that “he (Melaye), along with his lawyers and personal aides, were driven in his private car to the SARS office in Guzape district of Abuja, among numerous police vehicles earlier deployed to his house.
Read More: How Dino Melaye escaped from police custody
“With the media hype the whole saga generated especially his unwarranted travails in the hands of Immigration officials at Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport Abuja on Monday and the attendant but dramatic police siege to his private residence thereafter, it became necessary for Melaye to end the drama, hence his choice to appear before the police.”
Melaye's aide said “we are constrained to make the record straight sequel to avalanche of calls by well-meaning Nigerians and supporters.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The Guardian Nigeria Newspaper – Nigeria and World News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
15 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Reddit
Story by Rachel Greenland, News Reporter
Billy Graham, widely known as “America's Pastor,” died on Feb. 21 at the age of 99 in his home in Montreat, North Carolina.
Graham's roots run deep through our local area, with his son, Franklin serving as the CEO of Samaritan's Purse located in Boone, and as the CEO of the Billy Graham Evangelistic Association down the mountain in Charlotte, North Carolina.
Two of Graham's great-grandchildren attend Appalachian State University. Isabella Barker, his great granddaughter and a freshman business major, reminisced on Sunday afternoon lunches at her “Daddy Bill's” house after church.
She said that she realized the magnitude of his ministry at his honoring at the U.S. Capitol Building on Feb. 28.
“I walked into the Capitol and stood behind President Donald Trump as he said how much my great-grandfather impacted America and all of these important people,” Barker said.
Graham held crusades all around the world and met with every U.S. president since World War II. Some of his crusades even went beyond typical boundaries, such as behind the Iron Curtain, to tribes in Africa, the Middle East and South Korea. During the broadcast of his funeral, Chris Wallace of Fox News referred to Graham's death as “Billy Graham's last crusade.”
Barker referred to his reputation of being humble, and said that as his great-grandchild, she would have never known that he was famous if it were not for the news or other people telling her.
“In addition to his humility, his consistent, understandable message and his ability to communicate set him apart,” said Conrad Ostwalt, professor of religious studies at App State. “He spoke in a loving way that was not condemning; it was accepting and inviting.”
The combination of the times, post-WWII and amidst The Cold War, created a world that was open to listening to a message of hope, according to Ostwalt.
“I think we are drawn to respect people that seem to live lives that are consistent with what they say they believe, and he embodied Godliness,” Chris Horne, campus minister of the Christian student group Reformed University Fellowship, said.
He clearly articulated the message of the gospel as a message for anyone to hear, not as a cultural or Western religion thing, according to Horne.
At Graham's funeral, multiple past U.S. presidents, world powers and religious leaders were in attendance for the final leg of Graham's last crusade.
Wearing a men's cuff bracelet is the same as wearing a men's regular bracelet: it's good looking, on-trend and a great addition to the wardrobe arsenal.
UPDATE: This post was updated May 30, 2018. We replaced a few models with better stuff and updated all pricing. Important note: these aren't ranked, they're just numbered for simplicity.
Men's Cuff Bracelets: A Definition
Everyone knows what a bracelet is. A cuff bracelet is the same as that, only wider. It's usually a bit wider. Some bracelet makers define a cuff bracelet based on the closure — the way the thing closes on your wrist. For our purposes, we're defining cuff bracelets as a bracelet that's just a bit wider than the regular bracelet.
For a look at a curated collection of men's bracelets that aren't cuff-style, take a look at our list of the Best Cool Men's Bracelets 2018.
Not saying one is better than the other, but I think the men's cuff bracelet brings a tiny bit more masculinity to the table because it is a bit wider. A cuff bracelet just has a bit more meat to it. A lot of guys go for that “bigger look” with regular bracelets by stacking them. That is, they'll wear two or more pairs of bracelets on the same wrist. It's a good, heavier look and with the cuff bracelet, you're already part way there. With the way trends come and go and change, there may be a time when delicate men's jewelry will be in. That time ain't now so you're in the right ballgame with the men's cuff bracelets.
Because bracelets are such an everyday fashion item for the guys, all the pieces below work equally well for a casual look or something dressier. You may want to tend toward metal (silver or gold colors) for the dress up, but the leather and other materials will be just fine.
Bracelets have been a fashion thing for guys since ancient Egypt. We're not trying to tell you to channel your inner pharaoh. We are telling you that bracelets for guys look great and you will, too, when you cop something from our list of the 10 Best Men's Cuff Bracelets 2018.
1. Stunning Brown Gipsy Kings Style Men's Leather Cuff Bracelet
A wide brown all-leather cuff bracelet for men that features double-crossing pattern accenting that runs the circumference of the piece. We're not sure why it's called Gipsy Kings Style — the Gipsy Kings are a longtime guitar and flamenco group from southern France. Still, any of the band members would look great in the piece, we do know that. The 8.6 inch length is adjustable, as there are three snap locations available. A great discount here, and it's delivered in an Urban Jewelry branded gift box. Urban Jewelry is based in New York City.
Price: $9.90 (70 percent off MSRP)
2. Novica Men's Silver Flowing Water Cuff Bracelet
There's a lot of meaning behind this beautiful silver men's cuff bracelet. Novica is associated with National Geographic and they work to bring consumers fair trade products. In this case, the Silver Flowing Water Cuff Bracelet is made by the Indonesian artist Komang Wijayana. The piece is .925 Sterling silver and it features the open band for easy on and off. For more information on Novica, check out the organization's mission statement. If you want to just get your fashion game going, click on the pic above or the buy below!
Price: $112.99
3. Konov Men's Leather Cuff Bracelet
A masculine, wide men's leather cuff bracelet with alloy accents. The base of the bracelet is almost two inches wide and it's detailed with a split leather strap on top that's held in place with hardware (rivets) and tonal stitching. There are more than 250 customer reviews on this very popular piece, one of which gets down to the basics: “Most importantly: It looks really great, and that's exactly what I wanted.” These men's cuff bracelet features two snap closure locations, so that gives a lot of flexibility for different wrist sizes. Offered at a huge discount, and is packaged in a velvet bag, so it's a great gift idea, too.
Price: $12.99
4. Coolla Men's Multi-color Rope and Leather Cuff Bracelet
The primary feature of these men's leather cuff bracelet is the multitude of bands that comprise the overall piece. The leather bracelet forms the foundation of the piece, but it's the many different twines (multicolor ropes, according to Coolla, the manufacturer) that dominate the cuff bracelet's overall appearance. While this piece is a bit on the small side, it can be adjusted from the six inch the smallest snap to a 7.5 inch snap location. There are a lot of photos in the reviews, so peep it and get this bad boy on that wrist.
Price: $8.19
5. Cool Steel and Beyond Men's Stainless Steel Cuff Bracelet
We do have to hand it to this outfit with the name: Cool Steel and Beyond. The polished stainless steel bracelet comes in either black or gold (black is shown). it's a very clean, simple men's cuff bracelet that features the open ends, making it easy to get on and off. We do want to mention that several of the reviews talk about it running small (in fact, it's a very normal sized 7.41 inch bracelet). Some of the reviewers say the piece is malleable enough that they can open it a bit wider when putting on and close it down a bit for safety. Comes in a very nice pouch and box so it's a great gift idea.
Price: $16.99
6. Coolla Men's Leather, Rope, Beads Cuff Bracelet
You could call this one a multi-media piece, as it's got leather, beads, metal and twine in the makeup. Basically, it's three separate bracelets: one is just a leather band; a second band is twisted rope withe metal and beadwork in the center and, finally, the third band is also leather, with more twine and metal and a leaf emblem secured into a metal ring. Coolla presents this adjustable bracelet in a six to eight inch length. More than 90 reviews and they're almost all super positive.
Price: $8.99
7. Casoty Silver and Black Infinity Men's Leather Cuff Bracelet
Like the entry above, this is another tri-band men's leather cuff bracelet. Or men's silver cuff bracelet. The bands are leather, but the details — and the clasp — are metal alloy. Focal point on the wrist center is the eternity symbol, so it's a good gift idea for that certain someone who's part of your life for now (and with an eye toward forever). The eternity symbol is set off on either side by three different shaded metal beads. The two outside bands feature metal accents the further strengthen the silver focus in that part of the bracelet. A very good looking piece but make sure that its long length (8 inches) will accommodate your wrist.
Price: $8.75
8. Ostan Men's Stainless Steel Dragon Cuff Bracelet
This may be a good gift for the Game of Thrones fan or it might just be good for any reason whatsoever! Twin dragon heads for the ends of this open ended men's silver cuff bracelet. It's a stainless steel intertwined presentation but it's highly polished so it's pretty bright. This one comes in silver color or stainless silver/gold or stainless gold color. If you want to check out another dragon themed men's bracelet, take a look at the eighth piece in this list of the 10 Best Cool Men's Bracelets.
Price: $13.90
9. Giles and Brother Men's G&B Tag with Hinge Hematite ID Cuff Bracelet
Giles and Brother does its — or, rather, their, since it's a sister and brother team — thing from New York. Philip Crangi is the designer; he trained at the Rhode Island School of Design and has made pieces for Coach, Jason Wu and others. He and his sister, Giles, started their collaboration in 2001. This piece is pure brass, but it's coated in hematite, which is a reddish-black iron ore. According to energymuse.com, hematite provides centering and calm feelings. Okay, that's a bonus. The fact is that you'll feel and look good with this great looking piece on the wrist.
Price: $115
10. Turquoise Skies Genuine Navajo Sterling Silver Stamped Cuff Bracelet
This is a fantastic looking piece with a pedigree. It's handmade by Navajo jewelry artist Raymondo Joe, who crafts his pieces in Albuquerque, New Mexico. The company is a small business that features artists who live in the Southwest Pueblos and Native reservations. Their mission is to “preserve the future of Native American art and culture.” The artist says this piece “expresses the essence of empowerment.” It's sterling silver .925 and is 1/2″ wide. It comes in sizes from “tiny” to “huge.” Ships in a “beautiful genuine leather medicine pouch.”
Price: $99-$109 (depending on size selected)
Heavy, Inc. is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by linking to Amazon. Our product recommendations are guided solely by our editors. We have no relationship with manufacturers.
Way back in March, Klay Thompson signed a fan's Warriors-themed toaster at an event. Thompson looked so incredibly confused while signing it that the photo went viral.
Then, after that toaster was signed, the Warriors went on an amazing win streak. They only lost two games from March 14 (the day after Thompson held the toaster) through Game 5 of the Finals, and now they're the champs. Was it because of the power of the toaster?
Thompson was even commenting on the toaster throughout the playoffs, and apparently he still has it on his mind because the owner of the all-powerful toaster says that Thompson invited him to the team's championship parade.
Still can't believe it. @KlayThompson legit invited me to the parade last night. All because of a toaster. #DubNation — Ronnie • GSWToaster (@R_Dollaz) June 13, 2017
Warriors social media coordinator Julie Phayer asked if he's bringing the toaster to the parade on Thursday, and he said, “Oh of course.”
Oh of course. I wish my family could go too but it's all good lol. — Ronnie • GSWToaster (@R_Dollaz) June 14, 2017
Klay's reaction to a fan asking him to sign his toaster is priceless. 😂 (via @R_Dollaz) pic.twitter.com/y29GCVfG8c — SportsCenter (@SportsCenter) March 14, 2017
Be on the lookout for Ronnie and his toaster.
(H/T SB Nation)
Entertainment of Monday, 2 January 2017
Source: ghbsase.com
2017-01-02
Aki and son
Chinedu Ikedieze who is popularly known as Aki to most Ghanaians for their popular movie ‘Aki & Popor' which became such a great hit in Ghana some years ago, has been blessed with a beautiful child.
Aki who is also one of the lead character in the hit African sitcom ‘The Johnsons' took to his Instagram to make the announcement. He has been married to his wife Nneoma Nwaijah since 2011 and this baby is their first child.
“UNTO US A CHILD IS BORN“– He wrote on his Instagram account with a photo attachment of the baby.
It must be such a joyous moment for his family to be blessed with a baby on the first day of January.
Sports News of Monday, 2 January 2017
Source: footballghana.com
2017-01-02
Edwin Gyimah
Orlando Pirates defender Edwin Gyimah has been named in the Black Stars 26-man squad for a pre-AFCON camp in the United Arab Emirates City of Al Ain.
The Stars technical team headed by coach Avram Grant concluded that the player has overcome the injuries suffered in a car accident during the Christmas holidays after an assessment by Physical Trainer Jamie Lawrence.
It was widely speculated in the media that Gyimah will be dropped from the squad and replaced by either Turkey-based Nuru Sulley or Al Gharafa's Rashid Sumaila.
Gyimah has been a regular member of the Black Stars for the past two years despite failing to break into the team.
His abrasive defensive style is seen as a way for the Black Stars to close-out games they are winning. Coach Avram Grant on Monday will name his final squad for the competition in Gabon at 10am today.
Feng Tang Fried Crab is the Chinese version of shrimp and grits, something fishermen came up with, to use what they caught. A big platter of golden fried garlic, studded with chunks of softshell crab.
BUSINESS
This is The Mouthpiece, a guest contribution by Martin Owens. If you would like to submit a contribution please contact Bill Beatty for submission details. Thank you.
“When the unexpected meets with the unprepared, there we find the greatest astonishments!”
― Mehmet Murat Iklan (Turkish Playwright)
In the USA, state after state is gearing up to legalize sports betting, following the Supreme Court decision in Murphy v NCAA, which, as we all know, struck down the federal law known as the Professional and Amateur Sports Protection Act (PASPA). But even as they do so, a number of unanswered questions are coming home to roost.
The Theory
So it would logically follow that if states may now authorize sports betting, so can the gaming tribes. Logical, isn't it?
Well, yeah. But as invariably happens with American gambling law, there is a catch. The IGRA does not allow a given tribe to simply haul off and start gambling. First, it must be a tribe that is formally recognized as such by the federal government. (The process by which a given group of Indians is certified, decertified, or re-certified is simply too convoluted to discuss here.)
Second, for the purposes of Indian gaming, gambling itself has been divided into three categories or classes. Class I gaming is that collection of games and contests traditionally played, before European contact. Class I gaming is completely controlled by the tribe. Then there is Class II gaming, which is bingo (but not keno) and un-banked card games. Class III is everything else- including sports wagering. (25 USC § 2703).
Tribes can play Class I any time. Permits to offer Class II gaming come from the federal government, once the tribe in question has established its own gaming commission, regulations, controls, and other prescribed features. Class III can only be offered in a given state after a compact has been signed between that tribe and the state government of the place they reside. An approved tribe may only offer gambling—of any class—on its own lands .
An additional wrinkle for Class II is that a tribe may only offer the same kinds of card games or bingo which are also available outside the reservation. This is why there is no Native American gambling in the states of Utah and Hawaii. The state governments there do not permit any form of gambling outside the reservation, and, in any case, native Hawaiians are not considered to be “Native Americans” under Federal law1. Therefore, the tribes in that state may not offer it either.2 In fact, state law classifications can and do trump Indian interpretations under the IGRA. In Idaho, for instance, poker is classified as essentially class III.3 This is because the game is prohibited both by Idaho's gambling laws and by the state constitution. If nobody else in the jurisdiction can offer poker, neither can the Indians, IGRA nor not. And the same goes for sports betting.
A rocky history
Consequently, a great deal depends on the relationships between a given tribe and its state government. Florida's Seminole tribe, for instance, seems to be on track to add sports betting to the games they already offer. Even so, a great many details need to be worked out. For California, on the other coast, gambling expansion seems to be at a dead stop. The problem centers around what types of gambling do and don't rate as “casino style” games California had already banned “casino style” games (in its Constitution, yet). But in the year 2000, the voters authorized a change to that state Constitution, which allowed gaming tribes, and only gaming tribes, to operate this casino style gambling, including banked games and slot machines Class III. In other words, there are 67 Indian casinos in the Golden State. (Fact: 110 of the 500-plus federally recognized tribes have their lands in that state.) But there are also licensed card rooms, about 90 of them, who were there first. The card rooms maintain, probably correctly, that the Indian operations have scooped most of the card room clientele from under them. The Indian operations offer more different kinds of games and mostly bigger jackpots. Add to this that many of them are Vegas-style resorts as well as gambling operations, while the card rooms are severely restricted in improvements or additions.
So the challenge for the card rooms was to find games which were comparable to Indian Class II, but provided the thrill and action of Class III. Their solution is the Third Party Proposition players (TTP). Licensed by the state, they are in fact casino employees whose job is to make sure that anybody who wants to play can find somebody to play with. Now it so happens that a number of players don't really want the position of banker or dealer. Therefore the TTPs tend to serve as default bankers/dealers. As far as the Indians are concerned, this is nothing more than a sneaky way to bring banked games in where they're not supposed to be.
Therefore the California Indians are presenting a solid front to the state government: no support for sports betting OR for online poker, unless and until the TTP system is done away with. And they have the bucks and the big political wallop to make sure no gambling expansion goes forward without their approval. In any case, even if they can be brought to agree, it's going to take years. Authorizing sports betting in California will require yet another amendment to its Constitution.
California, as in so many other things, is the most extreme case of this problem. But rumblings have been heard in other states, too. Connecticut and Mississippi are also wondering how to handle the changes since Murphy v NCAA. The Indian position is that they and they alone are authorized to offer sports betting, since that is considered a casino-style game. But there is competition, too.
Horse tracks, long plagued with declining attendance, would love to have sports betting operations at their location. In New Jersey, one of the first betting sites to open up was Monmouth racetrack. Then, of course, there are the casino resorts. In Nevada they already dominate sports betting, which has been legal all along there.
Even so, tribes across the country maintain the same position: signing of class III gaming compacts automatically gives them a monopoly on casino-style gaming. But the decision on that depends very much on what the actual compacts say. The Internet was not even mentioned when the first of these was agreed upon; in some later instances, the terms of recent compacts forbade the tribe in question from offering gambling over the Internet at all. And, of course, there is no fixed format for composing these compacts. Not only will compacts vary from state to state, but sometimes literally by which year they were signed.
Online?
Already there is talk about using the Internet and social media for sports betting. But Indian gambling over the Internet, sports bets or anything else, seems far in the future. Most states won't even discuss online gaming for their Indians. Many don't want to wrestle with the jurisdictional issues would be sure to arise.
It's the old conundrum: if a gambler in State X connects with an out-of-state gaming operation, does that contact alone give State X jurisdiction over that out-of-state business? To this day, the question has not been openly recognized, let alone seriously adjudicated. An Indian online casino would make the problem even knottier. Most, if not all, federally-recognized tribes maintain that they have the power of sovereign immunity (meaning you can't sue a given government if that government doesn't allow it.)
If an Indian tribe can set up its own gambling commission does that give it the necessary sovereignty to deal with customers abroad and overseas? A jurisdiction within a jurisdiction? What if the Indian operation in question only took bets from abroad, and not from any U.S. citizens residing outside the home state?
For the states, right now, the safest thing is “don't let the problem get started.”
It remains to be seen whether some adventurous tribe will test these very murky waters.
Summary
Getting Indian tribes to participate in sports betting, online or off, is going to be a long, involved, and often acrimonious process. The rising tide may lift all boats (or at least most of them). But there is no tsunami on the way. Even what are considered “slam dunks” will most likely turn into protracted slogging matches between interested parties and assorted stakeholders in the existing gambling regimes.
As a practical matter, the Indian claim of exclusivity for casino style games will probably not hold in relation to sports betting. Latest estimates are that $140 billion is spent on illegal sports bets in the United States alone. If a way can be found to get into the global market, that runs about $400 billion per year. Indeed, there are rights, there are privileges, and there are demands to respect tribal sovereignty (of which no two definitions are alike).
What's going to drive the decisions that will be, regarding sports betting, online or off, is a simple five-point legal analysis summarized below.
M-O-N-E-Y.
1 Kahawaiolaa v. Norton , 386 F.3d 1271 (9th Cir. 2004)
2 25 U.S./C. § 2703()7)(II)(ii).
3 Idaho v. Coeur d'Alene Tribe, C.A.9 (Idaho) 2015, 794 F.3d 1039.
Mr. Owens is a California attorney specializing in the law of Internet and interactive gaming since 1998. Co-author of INTERNET GAMING LAW with Professor Nelson Rose,( Mary Ann Liebert Publishers , 2nd ed 2009) ; Associate Editor , Gaming Law Review & Economics; Contributing Editor, TSN. Comments/inquiries welcome at mowens@trade-attorney.com.
Comments
Governor accused of blackmailing mistress poses with bear cub Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens posted photos of himself on Facebook holding a black bear cub Tuesday as he faces a criminal investigation into an extramarital affair. The married Republican governor,...
Governor accused of blackmailing mistress rips 'reckless liberal prosecutor' Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens defiantly maintained his innocence — and blasted a “reckless liberal prosecutor” — hours after he was indicted on charges he blackmailed a woman he was having an...
Missouri governor accused of blackmailing mistress indicted A grand jury has indicted Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens on felony invasion of privacy charges following reports that he used a dirty photo to blackmail a woman he was having...
Teen faces child porn charges in Snapchat blackmail case MIDWEST CITY, Okla. — A 17-year-old Oklahoma high school student is facing obscenity and child pornography charges after authorities say he posted nude photos of students on a Snapchat page...
Cheating governor accused of blackmailing mistress with racy pic The married governor of Missouri was accused in a news report Wednesday of using a half-naked, S&M photo to pressure a woman he was cheating with into keeping quiet about...
Ray Tamarra/GC Images via Getty Images(WASHINGTON) — Reality TV star Kim Kardashian West Wednesday brought her quest for presidential clemency for an imprisoned grandmother to the White House.
President Donald Trump later tweeted a photo of himself in the Oval Office with Kardashian West saying he had a “great meeting” with her to talk about “prison reform and sentencing.”
Earlier, White House press secretary Sarah Sanders confirmed that Kardashian West was visiting the White House but would not confirm the people with whom she was meeting. She was expected to meet with Jared Kushner, the president's adviser and son-in-law, who has led the Trump administration's efforts on criminal justice reform.
Kardashian West began advocating on behalf of 62-year-old Alice Marie Johnson earlier this year. The grandmother was given a mandatory life sentence plus 25 years in 1997 for her part in a cocaine distribution ring, her first offense.
In a statement after the visit, Kardashian West said: “I would like to thank President Trump for his time this afternoon. It is our hope that the president will grant clemency to Ms. Alice Marie Johnson who is serving a life sentence for a first-time, non-violent drug offense. We are optimistic about Ms. Johnson's future and hopeful that she — and so many like her — will get a second chance at life.”
Kushner, whose father spent time in prison, has made prison reform a personal passion, saying he wants to help those who “have made mistakes, paid the price and are deserving of a second chance.”
Johnson's daughter Tretessa had earlier told ABC News that she was grateful to Kardashian West and her legal team for working on behalf of and shining a light on her mother's case.
“She could have just sawed the video or read an article or whatever and just said ‘oh that's a shame' or whatever and went on with her life, but she didn't, she chose to get involved in a major way,” Johnson told ABC News.
The Johnson family first sought clemency for Alice, unsuccessfully, from President Barack Obama, gathering letters of recommendations from her warden and from members of Congress.
Copyright © 2018, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
With the epic failures of Android lines such as the Galaxy, it seemed like the path was clear for the iPhone to re-establish its dominance over the smartphone industry. But when Google announced it was releasing its Pixel smartphone, consumers deci...
DUBUQUE, Iowa (KWWL )– Jake Hesselman was born with a rare condition that's left him with no arms and legs, but he doesn't let that get in the way of him taking a drive around town.
A family member started a fundraising effort to get a specialized van for Hesselman hoping to give him the chance to be as independent as his peers. The fundraiser was successful and Jake Hesselman now has his customized van.
“The independence is so awesome. I can do whatever I want, whenever I want,” Hesselman said.
Jake is able to operate everything in the vehicle without ever leaving his wheelchair, from opening the door to steerhing with a joystick.
Jake says he's so thankful to the Dubuque community, and to the people across the U.S. who made this possible.
Dusty Baker believes Jeff Kent deserves a bust in the Baseball Hall of Fame.
“I expect you to be inducted into the Baseball Hall of Fame,” Baker once told Kent, the former Giants second baseman he managed for six seasons in San Francisco, according to MLB.com's Bill Ladson.
Kent has been eligible for a nod since 2013 but has hovered around 15 percent on ballots, way below the 75-percent threshold for election. The 2017 Hall of Fame class will be announced Jan. 18.
“I don't know why (the vote total isn't higher). I don't get it,” Kent told Ladson. “They come up with these WAR (Wins Above Replacement) numbers, which I don't understand and they never had before. … It gets me to scratching my head. I don't know.”
Kent hit 377 home runs, reached the 100-RBI plateau eight times and batted .290 over a 17-year career that included the 2002 National League MVP.
“I loved the game. I played the game the way it was supposed to be played. I played it with honor, respect and I played it the right way,” Kent said. “I really love the game. I cared about the game. I kept the game close to me, and a lot of the media wanted to get close to me. I kind of pushed them away. I really didn't want to talk to the media sometimes. So did that build up to a frictional relationship? Probably.”
Despite that potential roadblock to his entrance, Kent has a fan in Baker.
“It's what you see is what you get when you talk about Jeff Kent,” said Baker, who now manages the Nationals. “There is nothing phony about him. I enjoyed having him on the team. He played hard for me. Jeff Kent, he is the man.”
The best healthy late-night snacks
Last Updated: December 10, 2017 at 3:57 pm
We have all been guilty of caving into our late night cravings. We've been taught for years that we should avoid eating during the night, there seems to be nothing wrong with having a healthy midnight snack, right?
While eating at night doesn't seem to have such an awful impact on your weight as you think, that doesn't imply that all snacks are equally healthy. The best late-night snacks are anything but difficult to process.
Here are a few advantageous alternatives for you.
Make these low-calorie alternatives early for fast eating when you feel the munchies arriving;
CEREAL
Even in the early morning hours, there's no better breakfast meal than indulging in a nice bowl of cereal. If you end up reaching for the cereal box for a late night snack, try sticking to eat oatmeal, bran flake, or corn flake type brands. These cereals are rich in complex carbs which will be easy for your body to digest. These types of cereals are also known to be terrific low-calorie options, totaling up to 200 calories per bowl.
APPLES AND PEANUT BUTTER
This popular snack is an all-time favorite for numerous midnight snackers. Apple slices with peanut butter spread has always been a reputable healthy alternative to processed snacks like chips and candies. Apples have a generous supply of fiber and peanut butter is a fantastic source of protein. If you find yourself craving this tasty treat at night, be sure to pair your apple slices with organic peanut butter to eliminate any possibilities of artificial sweetener or filler ingredients.
ln
Not only are cherries sweet, tasty, and fun to snack on, they may actually help aid you in getting a good night's rest. Cherries are one of the few foods that contain melatonin, a hormone that controls the internal clock in your body. Eating cherries will slow down the body's natural processes, reduce body temperature, and encourage you to fall asleep.
Midnight snacks are not always bad, in fact, they can be perfectly healthy as long as they are consumed within moderation. Ideal midnight snacks are under 200 calories. If you are a late night snacker, encourage yourself to keep foods around that are easy to digest so that feelings of fullness or bloatedness will not lessen your chances of falling asleep.
– Newsmax Media
Ireland's industrial production increased in December, after declining sharply in the previous month, preliminary figures from the Central Statistics Office showed Friday.
Industrial production advanced a seasonally-adjusted 3.1 percent month-over-month in December, reversing a 9.7 percent fall in November.
On a yearly basis, industrial production rebounded 3.4 percent in December, following a 11.8 percent plunge in the previous month.
At the same time, industrial turnover surged 15.5 percent annually in December, while it declined 6.8 percent from a month earlier.
by RTT Staff Writer
For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com
Economic News
What parts of the world are seeing the best (and worst) economic performances lately? Click here to check out our Econ Scorecard and find out! See up-to-the-moment rankings for the best and worst performers in GDP, unemployment rate, inflation and much more.
I'm an American, full of pride for President-elect Donald Trump and his big, big, 10% stock market rally since the election!
Now imagine my pride if that had actually happened. Or if the 5% gain in the S&P 500 SPX, -0.46% that has happened, or even the 8% climb in the narrower Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, -0.29% — which has failed for the 15th day to gain the last 250 points needed to cross 20,000 — were based on fundamentals.
Instead, this recent is rooted mostly in corruption now, and the promise of corruption later. And a rally built on corruption is bound to fail. Here's why:
Financial stocks are responsible for much of the U.S. market's recent move, and the rally in financials is rooted in hopes for government deregulation of the industry.
There's the hope that higher interest rates will finally boost banks' interest income. There's even some fantasy belief that higher interest rates will spur loan volumes — except dramatically higher rates for business means less investment, not more. But financial stocks represent about a third of the S&P and are up 17% since the election. Take them out and there is no rally, Trump or otherwise.
Much of the rest of the rally is due to energy stocks. The money on oil now is a bet that recent OPEC production quotas will hold up. That bet has failed repeatedly — crude prices only keep up with inflation, since 1973, during brief fits of effective manipulation. Eventually, kleptocrats always choose stable home fronts over stable prices, and cheat on quotas to achieve it. They will again. Soon. Energy stocks are about 8% of the S&P 500 and are up 9.4% since the election.
Health care, too, sees investors betting on corruption in that industry. Drug stocks account for all of the gains in health-care stocks since Election Day. Meanwhile, hospital shares including HCA Holdings HCA, +0.18% are down, as are medical-device stocks such as Medtronic MDT, -0.43% and ACA-exposed Molina Healthcare MOH, -0.42% The industry caterwauled about a device tax helping to finance the Affordable Care Act, but prospective ACA repeal and Medicare cuts are apparently worse.
Drug stocks' appeal is no mystery: The market was afraid that Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton would let Medicare negotiate drug prices with drugmakers, as other nations do.
There's no mystery about why Republicans won't allow it, either, forbidding negotiation since passing Medicare Part D in 2003. The drug industry spends $250 million a year on lobbying and its campaign contributions run 3-2 in favor of Republicans. The drug rally may be small-C corruption, but it's corruption still — the kind of corruption that favors Martin Shkreli over grandma, while 82% of Americans favor Medicare negotiations.
Here's what Trump means for health care (1:41) President-elect Donald Trump's vow to "repeal and replace" the Affordable Care Act has created uncertainty in the health-care sector. Here's what Trump's policies mean for the future of health care.
The Dow is likely to cross 20,000, but that doesn't validate Trump. U.S. stocks tripled under President Barack Obama. They went up under former President George W. Bush, too — until they didn't — and have risen about 10% a year since 1928. They'll rise in 2017 too if corporate profits beat expectations built into prices already.
The market is usually one of many things that makes you, to borrow Trump's Twitter wording, hopeful to be American, because it's typically a monument to the creativity of our Elon Musks and Steve Jobses. Right now, something else is happening. It's ugly, it's cynical — and it won't work.
Ex Vice President Atiku Abubakar has reportedly had a meeting with PDP leaders over the upcoming 2019 elections. The Federal Government has blamed Former President, Goodluck Jonathan on the issues facing the country. The Npower assessment has been gi...
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) — The retail world has lost another department store.
Sears announced it will be closing its Maplewood location this summer.
The announcement follows Herberger's decision to close all 250 of its stores.
The closures have many people wondering: Are big department stores just dying?
“We're undergoing a kind of retail revolution,” said marketing professor Dave Brennan, of the University of St. Thomas.
He says shopping behaviors aren't just driven by the price competition of online giants like Amazon, but also their convenience.
“It's much easier to go to an online department store than it is to go physically into a store,” he said.
Last year, online sales made up more than 9 percent of all retail, adding up to a cool $420 billion.
Brennan says that while he believes department stores are slow dying, they won't suffer a total extinction.
The stores that survive, Brennan says, have to make shopping an experience, to give consumers extra incentive to walk in the door.
Shoppers like Rachel Rogers, of Atlanta, Georgia, agree.
“I prefer to go in, try it on, rather than send it back,” she said.
There are concerns Amazon's hold on the retail market could be too powerful.
But Brennan says in the ‘60s, Sears was considered powerful, adding that with changing technology, retail can change quickly.
Sears has more than 20 locations in Minnesota, but the company said its Maplewood location will be the only one that's closing.
The store will begin having its liquidation sale Friday. It'll officially close in July.
The going out of business sales for Herberger's are already underway and could last up to three months.
TRUMP AGENDA: Repeated contacts
Breaking last night in the New York Times: "Phone records and intercepted calls show that members of Donald J. Trump's 2016 presidential campaign and other Trump associates had repeated contacts with senior Russian intelligence officials in the year before the election, according to four current and former American officials. American law enforcement and intelligence agencies intercepted the communications around the same time they were discovering evidence that Russia was trying to disrupt the presidential election by hacking into the Democratic National Committee, three of the officials said. The intelligence agencies then sought to learn whether the Trump campaign was colluding with the Russians on the hacking or other efforts to influence the election. The officials interviewed in recent weeks said that, so far, they had seen no evidence of such cooperation."
First on NBC: "The White House kept Vice President Mike Pence in the dark for weeks about the warning it had gotten about national security adviser Michael Flynn from the Justice Department, Pence's press secretary said Tuesday. Pence did not find out until Feb. 9, according to Marc Lotter. Trump was first informed about the Justice Department's concerns regarding Flynn on Jan. 26, White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer said at Tuesday's daily press briefing."
And from the Washington Post: "[E]ven as Flynn flailed, Pence did not urge Trump to fire him, or lash out against him. Instead, said two officials familiar with the situation, Pence was disappointed and suggested that Flynn could publicly apologize. Others within the White House, however, thought what Flynn had done was egregious and unacceptable. "The vice president is a very forgiving man," said one White House official."
Where was Flynn when he made his ill-fated call? A beach resort in the Dominican Republic, writes the Washington Post.
Here's what Clinton's team has to say about the new revelations.
The AP: "U.S. intelligence agencies and Congress will continue to investigate Russia's involvement in the 2016 presidential election, even after President Donald Trump fired his national security adviser for providing inaccurate accounts of his contacts with the Russian ambassador last year. Democrats said an independent investigation was the best way to answer questions about the Trump administration's ties to Russia. But Republican leaders continue to refuse to consider that option and said three congressional investigations underway were enough."
POLITICO reports on the scrutiny surrounding Trump's top lawyer, Don McGahn.
The Washington Post: "President Trump's ouster of national security adviser Michael T. Flynn, and the circumstances leading up to it, have quickly become a major crisis for the fledgling administration, forcing the White House on the defensive and precipitating the first significant breach in relations between Trump and an increasingly restive Republican Congress. Even as the White House described Trump's "immediate, decisive" action in demanding ­Flynn's resignation late Monday as the end of an unfortunate episode, senior GOP lawmakers were buckling under growing pressure to investigate it."
All of the upheaval is complicating the visit today of Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, notes the New York Times.
And from the Wall Street Journal: "The White House said Tuesday that finding a solution to the conflict between Israelis and Palestinians doesn't have to include an agreement to establish two separate states, marking a dramatic break from decades of U.S. policy. On the eve of Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's visit to the White House to meet President Donald Trump, a senior administration official said the Israelis and Palestinians have to agree on what form peace between their countries will take—and that didn't necessarily include two states."
There's also this: "Russia has secretly deployed a new cruise missile that American officials say violates a landmark arms control treaty, posing a major test for President Trump as his administration is facing a crisis over its ties to Moscow."
Gateway Pundit is in the press room now. POLITICO explains why that matters.
DEM WATCH: Latest in the DNC chair race
From NBC's Alex Seitz-Wald: "With the public forums winding down and just over a week of campaigning left, the race to lead the Democratic National Committee is moving from the public eye to the proverbial backroom. No one candidate out of the 10 still in the running has yet to secure the promise of 224 party member votes needed to win a majority on the first round of balloting. That means the race's two front-runners, Minnesota Rep. Keith Ellison and former Labor Sec. Tom Perez, are looking to pick up support from lesser-known candidates. Multiple sources told NBC News that Ellison has offered another candidate, New Hampshire Democratic Party Chairman Ray Buckley, a role leading DNC operations in exchange for his support."
With 20 blockbuster movies and counting since 2008, the Marvel Cinematic Universe has created a cosmos of big stars, from the misfit crew of "Guardians of the Galaxy" to the high-profile African superhero of "Black Panther." Just imagine a pop culture without these films: Iron Man wouldn't be a household name like Batman or Superman, Ultron would just sound like a bathroom cleaner and certainly nobody would know what the heck “I am Groot” is supposed to mean.
So where does the new superhero sequel "Ant-Man and the Wasp" (officially opening Friday, though theaters will show it the night before) fit into this (seemingly) never-ending superhero saga? Here's the definitive ranking of all the Marvel movies so far:
More: Everything you need to know about the sequel 'Ant-Man and the Wasp'
Review: Evangeline Lilly leads fun-loving 'Ant-Man and the Wasp'
More: What's after 'Avengers 4'? Our superhero wish lists for Marvel's next decade
Black Widow (Scarlett Johansson) and Tony Stark (Robert Downey Jr.) get flirty in 'Iron Man 2.'
Industrial Light & Magic and Marvel
20. 'Iron Man 2' (2010)
Let's accentuate the positive: The sequel gave us Scarlett Johansson's sleek secret agent Black Widow and put Don Cheadle in the War Machine armor. Everything else was a scattershot mess with Tony Stark (Robert Downey Jr.) taking on the wholly underwhelming villain Whiplash (Mickey Rourke).
The big guy on the rampage in 'The Incredible Hulk.'
Rhythm & Hues, Universal Pictures and Marvel Studios
19. 'The Incredible Hulk' (2008)
Before ultimately being replaced in other movies by Mark Ruffalo, Edward Norton starred as scientist Bruce Banner in this odd duck from the nascent MCU. This mostly forgettable affair exists to serve as a reminder that we still deserve a good solo Hulk film one day.
Tony (Robert Downey Jr.) and Pepper (Gwyneth Paltrow) share one of the few non-dangerous moments in 'Iron Man 3.'
Zade Rosenthal/Marvel
18. 'Iron Man 3' (2013)
The results are only so-so as Stark tussles with PTSD, criminally underused antagonist Mandarin (Ben Kingsley) and yawn-worthy villain Aldrich Killian (Guy Pearce). The threequel also proved that, yes, too many armored suits are a bad thing — heck, even Gwyneth Paltrow gets one.
Loki (Tom Hiddleston) and Thor (Chris Hemsworth) foster a sibling rivalry in 'Thor: The Dark World.'
Marvel
17. 'Thor: The Dark World' (2013)
Chris Hemsworth's thunder god has a sequel that's a blender of familiar fantasy tropes as Thor and love interest Jane Foster (Natalie Portman) have to deal with a dark elf with an Infinity Stone. Tom Hiddleston's iconic trickster Loki is in fine form and the film's highlight in every way.
A thunder god (Chris Hemsworth) comes to Earth to prove his worth in 'Thor.'
Zade Rosenthal/Marvel Studios
16. 'Thor' (2011)
Not Marvel's greatest solo movie, but certainly one that takes some admirable swings. A quasi-family drama that boots Thor from the realm of Asgard to Earth in fish-out-of-water fashion so he can be worthy of his mystical hammer, Mjølnir.
The good guys roll out the welcome mat for a killer robot in 'Avengers: Age of Ultron.'
Marvel
15. 'Avengers: Age of Ultron' (2015)
Bursting with a packed ensemble, it's lacking the superteam mojo of the first "Avengers." Only when we see Hawkeye (Jeremy Renner) and his secret home life do we get that great Joss Whedon touch. Also: Bless James Spader's heart for being the world's snarkiest killer robot.
Hope Van Dyne (Evangeline Lilly, left) and Scott Lang (Paul Rudd) suit up as partners in "Ant-Man and the Wasp."
MARVEL STUDIOS
14. 'Ant-Man and the Wasp' (2018)
The satisfying sequel doubles down on all the aspects that made the original "Ant-Man" joyful with one big (or, small, depending on how you look at it) addition: Evangeline Lilly debuts her winged and awesomely rough-and-tumble Wasp on an adventure that takes its size-changing heroes from San Francisco to the Quantum Realm.
Thor (Chris Hemsworth, left) and Bruce Banner (Mark Ruffalo) team up in 'Thor: Ragnarok.'
Marvel
13. 'Thor: Ragnarok' (2017)
Thor and Hulk make a dynamic duo in the best "Thor" solo film (and funniest Marvel project), and anything with the two of them is magic. It's just too bad the larger narrative featuring a hostile takeover by goddess of death Hela (Cate Blanchett) takes a backseat to the various shenanigans.
Benedict Cumberbatch brought magic to the Marvel world with 'Doctor Strange.'
Marvel
12. 'Doctor Strange' (2016)
Benedict Cumberbatch gets a fantastically weird and trippy introduction to the MCU as a sorcerer supreme who goes from rich jerk to humbled hero. It's a magical version of Iron Man's origin and some gags are overly goofy, yet the filmmaking wizardry and effects are second to none.
Scott Lang (Paul Rudd) steals a suit that changes his life in 'Ant-Man.'
Zade Rosenthal/Marvel
11. 'Ant-Man' (2015)
The heist comedy with a super-shrinking dude was a bigger risk than "Guardians of the Galaxy." Paul Rudd, Michael Douglas and Evangeline Lilly are great together, though, and Marvel gave us something we hadn't seen yet: a hero who's also an ex-con dad.
Robert Downey Jr. and 'Iron Man' jumpstarted the Marvel Cinematic Universe.
Zade Rosenthal/Paramount Pictures
10. 'Iron Man' (2008)
The beginning, the kickoff, the OG. A crew of Avengers was probably still a pipe dream for fans and most of Hollywood when Robert Downey Jr. first put on the Iron Man suit, but from the start, the signature swagger, attitude and swig of humility he gave Tony Stark set the tone for everything that was to come.
Ned (Jacob Batalon, left) and Peter (Tom Holland) nerd out in 'Spider-Man: Homecoming.'
9. 'Spider-Man: Homecoming' (2017)
Spider-Man, Spider-Man, does whatever a spider can — and when you're Tom Holland, the new version of the teen web slinger, you also deal with balancing extracurriculars, getting a date for the big homecoming dance, trying to impress Tony Stark and fighting the Vulture in an epic young-adult adventure.
Steve Rogers (Chris Evans) supports his fellow soldiers in 'Captain America: The First Avenger.'
Jay Maidment
8. 'Captain America: The First Avenger' (2011)
Marvel nailed the origin story of Steve Rogers (Chris Evans), the little guy whose heart was bigger than his biceps until a super-soldier serum pumped him up. It offered a great World War II aesthetic, two-fisted adventure and a moral code that created an intriguing thread for his next two movies.
Peter Quill (Chris Pratt) hangs with his dad (Kurt Russell), a living planet, in 'Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2.'
Chuck Zlotnick
7. 'Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2' (2017)
They had us at “Kurt Russell plays a living planet.” The gravy is everything else: adorable Baby Groot dancing in the middle of a space battle, Dave Bautista's Drax being the buff, oddball voice of reason, and Michael Rooker's space outlaw Yondu stealing the show.
Thanos (Josh Brolin) is out to smash superheroes and grab some Infinity Stones in "Avengers: Infinity War."
MARVEL STUDIOS
6. 'Avengers: Infinity War' (2018)
The third Avengers film is the all-night buffet of superhero fare, with a slew of folks rallying to fend off Thanos, a dude bent on destroying half the universe. It's all pretty tasty, though, with great one-liners, a narrative where good people make some bad decisions, and a stupendous cliffhanger that you'll love to hate.
Erik Killmonger (Michael B. Jordan) and T'Challa/Black Panther (Chadwick Boseman) don't see eye to eye on Wakanda's future in 'Black Panther.'
Matt Kennedy
5. 'Black Panther' (2018)
From hanging in the 1990s Oakland to flying through futuristic present-day Africa, the first solo film for Chadwick Boseman's warrior king is a magnificent journey with awesome set pieces (including a car chase through South Korea that'll leave you breathless) and a near-perfect villain in Michael B. Jordan's Erik Killmonger. Wakanda forever!
Marvel's A-list came together for 'The Avengers.'
Marvel
4. 'The Avengers' (2012)
Whedon's jam-packed ensemble completely lived up to its giant-size expectations. While the heroes-batting-each-other trope is starting to get played out, the excitement is palpable and fanboy hearts melt when hammers and shield fly as Iron Man, Cap and Thor meet.
It's Team Cap vs. Team Iron Man in 'Civil War.'
Zade Rosenthal
3. 'Captain America: Civil War' (2016)
Personal and political stakes are at play as Cap chooses his best friend (and brainwashed assassin) over Iron Man, blowing up the Avengers dynamic. Plus, it has the best superhero battle of them all and memorable intros for Black Panther (Chadwick Boseman) and Spider-Man (Tom Holland).
The not-quite-Avengers-yet crew has to save the universe in 'Guardians of the Galaxy.'
Marvel
2. 'Guardians of the Galaxy' (2014)
Fantastic tunes, a strange cast of characters that inexplicably works, and a story where you're hooked on a bunch of feelings, from the emotions of young Peter Quill crying over his dying mother to the hilarity of grown-up Peter (Chris Pratt) explaining Footloose to new pal Gamora (Zoe Saldana). We are Groot, indeed.
Cap (Chris Evans) and Nick Fury (Samuel L. Jackson) are at the center of a big ol' conspiracy in 'Captain America: The Winter Soldier.'
Marvel
1. 'Captain America: The Winter Soldier' (2014)
More political thriller than superhero blockbuster, Captain America's second solo film — and the best Marvel jam of them all — taps into timely themes of privacy concerns, an enemy growing from within, and military might be used in ethically questionable ways. Come for the timeliness, stay for Cap wrecking a bunch of guys in an elevator.
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
In this Sept. 9, 2015, file photo, Planned Parenthood supporters rally for women's access to reproductive health care on "National Pink Out Day'' at Los Angeles City Hall. A new study found that abortions do not cause depression.
A new study found that abortions do not cause depression, but women who have depression and anxiety may be more likely to have abortions, NBC News reported.
The study, which was reported in the Journal of the American Medical Associations JAMA Psychiatry, is the latest to show no evidence that abortion causes depression. The researchers say that policies citing damage to mental health as a reason to restrict access to abortion aren't based in fact.
The study used Denmark's national database, covering close to 400,000 women born after 1980, to conduct the study. The database carries details of abortions, which is something that may less accurately show up in U.S. data, where abortions may or may not be recorded. The team compared women who filled prescriptions for antidepressants to women who didn't.
"Compared with women who did not have an abortion, those who had an abortion had a higher rate of antidepressant use," the researchers wrote. "A close look at the data, however, suggests that the higher rates of antidepressant use had less to do with having an abortion than with other risk factors for depression among women who had an abortion."
Caught on Cam: Lightning Strikes the Eiffel Tower
A nationwide study is looking at the health of a popular dog breed.
About 60 percent of golden retrievers will get cancer in their lifetime. Now researchers are trying to find out why.
A Las Vegas woman enrolled her dog in the study. Morgan is just one of more than 3,000 golden retrievers, across the country, helping researchers learn more about the beloved breed.
“We're hoping that this study will go ahead and take away the one negative: they're prone to cancer,” Sun City veterinarian Dr. Mike Knehr said.
The four-year-old dog and her owner, Debbie Pietro, visit the vet each year, giving samples and answering questions that are crucial to the study.
“We go ahead and collect hair samples, blood samples, urine,” Dr. Knehr said.
“What she eats, how much she walks, her likes and dislikes, what she sleeps on,” Pietro lists some of the things on the questionnaire.
That data is then sent to the Morris Animal Foundation in Denver, Colorado, where researchers want to know as much as possible about each dog.
“It is not easy to get great data in real time, over time on cancer,” Senior Scientific Communications and Programs Adviser Dr. Kelly Diehl said. “Our oldest dogs are about seven years of age. Our youngest dogs are three.”
Started back in 2012, the study relies on participants to do their part.
“People love their golden retrievers and they're really motivated clients,” Dr. Diehl said. “We have a wonderful group of people, who are just dedicated to doing this study.”
SAD STATISTIC: 60% of golden retrievers will develop some type of cancer. Researchers at @Morris_Animal want to know why. They're studying more than 3,000 golden retrievers across the US. We're talking to one valley family- they have this cutie, Morgan enrolled. @FOX5Vegas pic.twitter.com/7HqkkmqWI3 — Tiana Bohner (@FOX5_Tiana) May 6, 2018
That includes Pietro, who ran the valley's golden retriever rescue for more than a decade. Pietro has also owned 11 golden retrievers.
“If you had one, you would feel the same way,” she said. “They are like a child.”
But five of her golden retrievers died from cancer.
“One, I was walking down the street. He fell over and died. It was hemangiosarcoma,” Pietro said.
Pietro is hopeful they will get answers. “I really pray that something will be found that will help them,” she said.
Doctors said there are some already known factors.
“I think it always comes down to their gene pool,” Dr. Knehr said.
While Dr. Diehl said it's still too early to make any strong links to cancer, they are also looking at possible links that may be disproven. Researchers have discovered other trends that may help golden retrievers lead healthier lives.
“We're looking into links into obesity in young dogs' we're looking at injuries in young dogs,” Dr. Diehl said.
Dr. Diehl added this study is promising not just for dogs, but for their human caretakers too.
“Dogs have a compressed lifespan compared to us, but they are exposed to the same things,” she said. “This gives us an opportunity to learn about cancer and risk factors that not only affect dogs, but might affect other species including people.
For more information about the study, you can visit the Morris Animal Foundation's website.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Mayor Debra March discusses the future of Henderson in the annual State of the City (FOX5).
On May 15, Henderson Mayor Debra March and the Henderson City Council approved to distribute $1.5 million of combined funding to local classroom, student and teacher needs, according to a statement from the City of Henderson office.
According to the statement, the funding will be used for a variety of needs, ranging from technology resources for students to after-school tutorial programs.
“Henderson residents value education and they support our efforts to improve student outcomes by investing in our local schools,” Mayor Debra March said.
Mayor March said nearly $150,000 of the total funding was collected from fees from the recreational marijuana sales in Henderson.
According to the city's statement, more than $1.34 million of the funding came from the 2018-19 City of Henderson's Redevelopment Agency State-Aside Fund, who also approved the funding.
These funds were allocated from various redevelopment areas that are located within one mile of schools, the city said in a statement.
According to the city's statement, public schools within Henderson are encouraged to submit applications detailing specific needs that are in need of funding.
The city said 22 schools have already received funding through the redevelopment set-aside funds, and 10 more schools were funded using proceeds from recreational marijuana fees.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) — In today's political climate, it's rare that Democrats and Republicans find anything they can agree on, but a bipartisan pair of legislators came together to take on sexual misconduct.
On Monday, Democrat State Rep. John Lesch of St. Paul and Republican Rep. Marion O'Neill of Maple Lake laid out a proposal that allows anyone, including lobbyists and activists working at the Capitol, to bring forward accusations. It also expedites the investigation process.
O'Neill says while she hasn't seen or experienced sexual harassment at the Capitol, she knows what it's like.
“I have not experienced any kind of sexual harassment here at the legislature myself, but when I was in my 20s and much less powerful and much less vocal and a different person, frankly, I did experience horrible sexual harassment,” O'Neill said.
Last month, allegations of sexual harassment rocked the Minnesota State Capitol as multiple women came forward with their uncomfortable experiences with State Sen. Dan Schoen and Republican Rep. Tony Cornish.
Both Cornish and Schoen announced they would resign from their seats.
The representatives say they will bring the new proposal before the house on the first day of the new session in February.
The rules committee will then vet that the proposal before it is voted on by the House.
Power outage—two words that keep or wake you up at night. Rather than tossing and turning or imagining disaster scenarios, prepare for power outages by assessing the risk in your power architecture and protecting critical systems to lessen the impact of short duration events. To ensure you are prepared to take action in the event of an outage, it's best to understand which systems are at most risk. For reference, we've created an example of a risk assessment grid using an average hospital environment.... More
Magnolia Collective is made up of local musicians who describe their sound as psychedelic rock fused with Southern Gothic.
The group formed after Mimi and Rich McLaughlin befriended Daniel Snyder and secured a regular monthly gig at The Station in Carrboro. After nearly a year of playing music together alongside a cast of revolving musicians, the threesome took in drummer Jonathan Truesdale and formed Magnolia Collective. After a quiet year, the group is in the process of putting final touches on a new album.
Host Frank Stasio discusses the balance of life and music with Mimi McLaughlin, Rich McLaughlin and Daniel Snyder of Magnolia Collective. The band also performs live in studio. Magnolia Collective performs with Amigo tonight at Cat's Cradle Back Room in Carrboro at 9 p.m.
Ethereum Price Technical Analysis – ETH/USD Breaks Key Support
Key Highlights An increase in the bearish pressure ignited a downside break below $360 in ETH price against the US Dollar. There was a break below yesterday's highlighted a cluster of bullish trend lines with supports at $360, $350 and $345 on the hourly chart of ETH/USD (data feed via SimpleFX). The pair just managed … Continue reading Ethereum Price Technical Analysis – ETH/USD Breaks Key Support
The post Ethereum Price Technical Analysis – ETH/USD Breaks Key Support appeared first on NEWSBTC.
This post was syndicated from NEWSBTC. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Share Article Facebook
Twitter
Email You are free to share this article under the Attribution 4.0 International license. Follow Futurity RSS
Twitter
Facebook
Newsletter
Evaluating the sweatiness of a resident physician can provide an objective evaluation of their surgical skills, research shows.
Post-graduate physician training, known as residency, develops skills and expertise within a medical specialty. During five to seven years of surgical training, medical school professors determine the level of clinical competency, confidence, and decision-making skills of each resident physician through personal observations.
“Within surgical education, skill evaluation is based on a subjective assessment, which essentially is a gut feeling,” says Jacob Quick, assistant professor of acute care surgery at the University of Missouri School of Medicine.
“There is a need for an objective, impartial way to determine surgical ability and a resident's capacity to operate independently. We monitored electrodermal activity during actual surgical procedures. We hypothesized that as training progressed, resident responses to the stress of performing surgical procedures would decline in relationship to their experience level.”
Electrodermal activity, or EDA, is a method of measuring electrical characteristics of the skin. The amount of electrical activity conducted across skin is related to psychological or physiological stimulation. As this increases, glands controlled by the sympathetic nervous system are activated and produce sweat. Because water is a good conductor of electrical activity, sweat can be used to measure emotional and sympathetic responses to stress.
“Essentially, the more nervous we are, the more we sweat,” Quick says. “The more we sweat, the more electrical activity is conducted across the skin. We used skin response sensors worn by residents to monitor their EDA while they performed laparoscopic gallbladder surgeries.”
Fourteen general surgery residents and five faculty physicians participated in the study over an eight-month period. EDA responses were measured during each of the 130 surgical procedures monitored. The results were compared to determine common points during procedures where surgeons experienced different levels of EDA responses.
“Our initial findings indicated that at crucial points during the procedures, residents' EDA increased as much as 20 times more than experienced faculty performing the same surgery,” Quick says. “However, over the course of the study, and as their proficiency developed, surgical residents' EDA levels began to lower in accordance with their experience.”
Although the next step will be to add stop-action photography into the evaluation process to further explore objective assessments, EDA may not become a standard training option any time soon.
“This type of monitoring is relatively easy to accomplish,” Quick says. “It can be cost prohibitive, though. While the sensors are reusable, initial equipment costs can be as much as $10,000. Additionally, our study was limited to 14 resident physicians at a single medical center. However, this objective measure of surgical ability could have far-reaching implications on surgical education in the future.”
The Association of Program Directors in Surgery and the Association for Surgical Education funded the work. The researchers have no conflicts of interest to declare related to this study, which appears in the Journal of Surgical Education.
Source: University of Missouri
Cyborgs at Work: Employees Getting Implanted with Microchips The syringe slides in between the thumb and index finger. Then, with a click, a microchip is injected in the employee's hand. Another "cyborg" is created. What could pass for a dystopian vision of the workplace is almost routine at the Swedish startup hub Epicenter. The company offers to implant its workers and startup members with microchips the size of grains of rice that function as swipe cards: to open doors, operate printers, or buy smoothies with a wave of the hand. The injections have become so popular that workers at Epicenter hold parties for those willing to get implanted. "The biggest benefit I think is convenience," said Patrick Mesterton, co-founder and CEO of Epicenter. As a demonstration, he unlocks a door by merely waving near it. "It basically replaces a lot of things you have, other communication devices, whether it be credit cards or keys." The technology in itself is not new. Such chips are used as virtual collar plates for pets. Companies use them to track deliveries. It's just never been used to tag employees on a broad scale before. Epicenter and a handful of other companies are the first to make chip implants broadly available. And as with most new technologies, it raises security and privacy issues. While biologically safe, the data generated by the chips can show how often an employee comes to work or what they buy. Unlike company swipe cards or smartphones, which can generate the same data, a person cannot easily separate themselves from the chip. "Of course, putting things into your body is quite a big step to do and it was even for me at first," said Mesterton, remembering how he initially had had doubts. "But then on the other hand, I mean, people have been implanting things into their body, like pacemakers and stuff to control your heart," he said. "That's a way, way more serious thing than having a small chip that can actually communicate with devices." Epicenter, which is home to more than 100 companies and some 2,000 workers, began implanting workers in January 2015. Now, about 150 workers have them. A company based in Belgium also offers its employees such implants, and there are isolated cases around the world where tech enthusiasts have tried this out in recent years. The small implants use Near Field Communication (NFC) technology, the same as in contactless credit cards or mobile payments. When activated by a reader a few centimeters (inches) away, a small amount of data flows between the two devices via electromagnetic waves. The implants are "passive," meaning they contain information that other devices can read, but cannot read information themselves. Ben Libberton, a microbiologist at Stockholm's Karolinska Institute, says hackers could conceivably gain huge swathes of information from embedded microchips. The ethical dilemmas will become bigger the more sophisticated the microchips become. "The data that you could possibly get from a chip that is embedded in your body is a lot different from the data that you can get from a smartphone," he says. "Conceptually you could get data about your health, you could get data about your whereabouts, how often you're working, how long you're working, if you're taking toilet breaks and things like that." Libberton said that if such data is collected, the big question remains of what happens to it, who uses it, and for what purpose. So far, Epicenter's group of cyborgs doesn't seem too concerned. "People ask me; 'Are you chipped?' and I say; 'Yes, why not,'" said Fredric Kaijser, the 47-year-old chief experience officer at Epicenter. "And they all get excited about privacy issues and what that means and so forth. And for me it's just a matter of I like to try new things and just see it as more of an enabler and what that would bring into the future." The implants have become so popular that Epicenter workers stage monthly events where attendees have the option of being "chipped" for free. That means visits from self-described "body hacker" Jowan Osterlund from Biohax Sweden who performs the "operation." He injects the implants -- using pre-loaded syringes -- into the fleshy area of the hand, just next to the thumb. The process lasts a few seconds, and more often than not there are no screams and barely a drop of blood. "The next step for electronics is to move into the body," he says. Sandra Haglof, 25, who works for Eventomatic, an events company that works with Epicenter, has had three piercings before, and her left hand barely shakes as Osterlund injects the small chip. "I want to be part of the future," she laughs. © 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved. Read more on: Microchips, Cyborg, Robotics, Near Field Communication, NFC, Privacy
Tina Kandelaki has appeared on the covers of the Russian versions of Playboy, InStyle, and Maxim and ran an international marketing operation for the AK-47, calling the gun an instrument of peace. RT
‘A Great Learning Opportunity'
Flynn had already been a frequent guest on RT in the months prior to the dinner.
In an interview with Dana Priest of the Washington Post in August 2016, Flynn talked about why he accepted such a starring role. He said he didn't ask for it, that the Russians sat him next to Putin.
“I was one of the guests there. … Some interesting characters. I found it a great learning opportunity. One of the things I learned was that Putin has no respect for the United States leadership. Not for the United States, but the leadership.”
When Putin finished his speech that night, Flynn was among the first to leap to his feet and offer a standing ovation.
In the year following the dinner, RT was part of the Putin government's overt attempt to influence the U.S. election, according to the U.S. Intelligence Community. In the January 2017 report on Russian interference, the IC discussed the network's role at length.
Mikhail Gorbachev sat a table behind Putin's. RT
“RT's criticism of the U.S. election,” said the report, “was the latest facet of its broader and longer-standing anti-U.S. messaging likely aimed at undermining viewers' trust in U.S. democratic procedures and undercutting U.S. criticism of Russia's political system. RT Editor-in-Chief Margarita Simonyan recently declared that the United States itself lacks democracy and that it has ‘no moral right to teach the rest of the world.'”
Jill Stein declined an NBC News request for comment.
We that travel in the trans circles sometimes meet lots of people, get to know some pretty well and then lose all contact only to occasionally wonder what has happened to them.
Such was my case with a gal named Stephanie. Fellow Canadians, we would meet in Florida during our common winter holidays as a mutual friend would hold dinner gatherings for us gals at local restaurants. In the photo to the right Linda is seated on the right with Stephanie next to her.
Stephanie would reveal scant little about what was going on in the Stephen side of her life which I was okay with as I reveal just as little about my alter ego. However I learned enough to know that Stephanie is a really capable person with a very supportive family.
Two years ago our Florida get-togethers stopped. Or perhaps I was uninvited; I don't know.
So I was left wondering about whatever happened to Stephanie and the others.
Well I'm wondering no more. Here is a Canadian television news story about Stephanie transitioning on the job and doing it with no less of an organization than the Ontario Provincial Police.
The moral of the story seems to be that the start of one new life does not have to mean the end of the other.
View Stephanie Howard's story on the CTV News website.
Care to make a comment? Login here and use the comment area below.
Category: Body & Soul
From Brian Liskai
ATTICA, Ohio – Everyone knows that feeling of just missing out on a 50/50 ticket or winning a prize. It's no different in the world of sprint car racing. There will always be that driver that just misses the A-main by one spot.
That driver will benefit from an extra $500 thanks to Alan Holland of www.hoseheads.com during the 30th Annual Ohio Logistics Brad Doty Classic Presented by Racing Optics on Tuesday, July 10 at Attica Raceway Park in Attica, Ohio.
The additional funds will go to the driver that “just missed it,” most likely the first non-qualifier or fifth place finisher in the Weld Racing Last Chance Showdown. The cash will go to the first car that did not qualify for the A-main who can't use a World of Outlaws Craftsman Sprint Car Series provisional.
“While it won't make up for the disappointment of missing the A-main, the extra $500 from Hoseheads.com will help soften the blow a little,” said Brad Doty, Co-Promoter of the race.
Also, long time race fans Jim Valentine and his daughter Nicole will offer up $500 to the fast qualifier.
“Jim and Nicole were fans I've become good friends with over the years. They've contributed fast time money a few times in the past, but this being the 30th anniversary, they wanted to increase it even more. I'm always thankful for their involvement and it's going to be a nice bonus for someone,” Doty said.
The 30th Annual Ohio Logistics Brad Doty Classic Presented by Racing Optics hits the track at Attica Raceway Park on Tuesday, July 10 (rain date of Wednesday, July 11) featuring the best sprint car drivers in the world. The 2017 Brad Doty Classic had 58 drivers compete for the $10,000 top prize, the largest single day car count of the season for the World of Outlaws Craftsman Sprint Car Series.
This year will mark the 14th consecutive season the World of Outlaws Craftsman Sprint Car Series have sanctioned the Ohio Logistics Brad Doty Classic Presented by Racing Optics. There have been 22 different winners in the 27 contested Brad Doty Classic features (2 have been rained out).
Reserved seats for the Ohio Logistics Brad Doty Classic presented by Racing Optics are on sale at every event at Attica Raceway Park leading up to the event and are $35. You can also purchase advanced seating by going to www.atticaracewaypark.com and click on the Brad Doty Classic link at the top of the main page or at the World of Outlaws site at www.woosprint.com/schedule/2018 and click on “buy tickets” to the right of the Brad Doty Classic date (July 10).
For more information go to www.atticaracewaypark.com or follow the track on Twitter @atticaracewyprk or on Facebook at www.facebook.com/atticaracewaypark and Instagram at attica_raceway_park.
Brad Doty Classic Winners
Started at Attica Raceway Park
1989 – Steve Kinser
1990 – Jack Hewitt
1991 – Bobby Allen
1992 – Rained Out
1993 – Mark Keegan
1994 – Danny Smith
1995 – Randy Kinser
1996 – Dale Blaney
1997 – Tyler Walker
1998 – Jeff Shepard
1999 – Butch Schroeder
2000 – Kelly Kinser
2001 – Danny Smith (2)
2002 – Alvin Roepke
2003 – Dean Jacobs
2004 – Greg Wilson
2005 – Stevie Smith
Moved to Limaland Motorsports Park
2006 – Joey Saldana
2007 – Jac Haudenschild
2008 – Jason Meyers
2009 – Steve Kinser (2)
2010 – Dale Blaney (2)
2011 – Donny Schatz
2012 – Kerry Madsen
2013 – Donny Schatz (2)
2014 – Paul McMahan
2015 – Rained Out
Moved back to Attica Raceway Park
2016 – Donny Schatz (3)
2017- David Gravel
A Russian journalist who was reported to have been killed in Ukraine has shown up at a news conference in Kyiv.
Arkady Babchenko was said to have been shot multiple times in the back at his apartment building and found bleeding by his wife.
Vasily Gritsak, head of the Ukrainian Security Service, told the news conference that the agency faked Babchenko's death to catch those who were trying to kill him.
The journalist said the operation had been planned for two months.
Here's how the internet reacted to his reappearance:
Fellow journalists
Many of Babchenko's contemporaries expressed relief that he was still alive.
Tweet reads: What is now happening live on the occasion of Babchenko — it's fantastic! Thank goodness!
Other journalists were stunned at the revelation that he was still alive.
Some revealed further details about the case, like the fact that he alleged his wife didn't know and that he faked a broken leg as part of the operation.
One journalist from Radio Free Europe didn't see what the benefit of faking his death was for Babchenko.
Another praised the Ukrainian-led operation for purportedly finding the killer who received orders to murder of Babchenko — the same reason Ukrainian security services gave for the stunt.
Tweet reads: Arkady Babchenko is alive!
As a result of the brilliant operation conducted by Ukrainian law enforcement officers, the killer who received the order for the murder of Arkady and the organiser of the murder has been detained.
Others speculated about ulterior motives behind the faking of the journalist's death.
Politicians and officials
The Russian Foreign Ministry said it was happy Russian journalist Arkady Babchenko had turned out to be alive but said Ukraine had used his story as propaganda.
Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov previously described allegations by the Ukrainian government as "the height of cynicism" and called for other countries to push Kyiv to offer better protection for journalists as they were being killed "with impunity".
Petro Poroshenko, Ukraine's president, tweeted praising the efforts of security services and saying the operation had to take place for the safety of Babchenko and his family as Russia was unlikely to back down.
Congratulations @servicessu for a brilliant operation that saved the life of the Russian journalist Arkady Babchenko. Ukrainian law enforcement agencies are becoming stronger day by day in countering Russian aggression. Moscow is unlikely to calm down — so I ordered protection to be given to Arkady and his family.
You probably remember a couple years back when Iggy Azalea caught her then-fiancé Nick Young cheating on tape, via footage from their home security cameras. After that, her next logical step was to torch his entire closet for revenge.
The Australian rapper talked with Andy Cohen on Watch What Happens Live, and admitted that she lit all of Swaggy P's designer clothes on fire. She says, “I burned a lot, and I threw stuff in the pool too. I started off with water and it just seemed like that didn't work.”
Iggy explained that before she did the deed, she texted Nick to give him one last chance to save his clothes–she then went on to burn his precious items using the fire pit in their backyard and caught it on tape. She said, “I texted him a video and I'm like, ‘Hey, I'm burning your shit. I don't know where you're at, probably with some girl, so I hope you get home quickly because I'm moving on.”
Peep the whole video below to hear the insane story:
Also On 101.1 The Wiz:
The Democratic Alliance says that the ANC continues to reference members from the past because it is too embarrassed to talk about its current leaders.
DA chief whip John Steenhuisen lambasted the ruling party in a speech delivered in Parliament on Tuesday during the State of the Nation (SONA) Debate.
“I also would be pulling out O.R Tambo from the archives if this is what was sitting in the presidency of my party today, too embarrassed to talk about your current leaders, so you've got to go back and resurrect them from the past,” Steenhuisen said pointing in the direction of president Jacob Zuma, who was in attendance.
“If O.R Tambo was around today, he would be disgusted with what's happened to his party, and he would be disgusted with what's happened to you,” the chief whip said.
The theme for SONA 2017 was: “The Year of Oliver Reginald Tambo: Unity in Action Together Moving South Africa Forward.”
President Zuma opened his SONA address with the following last week:
“An illustrious son of our country, President Oliver Reginald Tambo, would have turned 100 years old this year, had he lived.
“This selfless patriot [dedicated] his adult life to a tireless pursuit of the liberation of our country and its people. He left a lasting legacy for all South Africans, and not only for his organisation, the ANC.
“In his honour, we have declared the year 2017, the Year of Oliver Reginald Tambo. It is the year of unity in action by all South Africans as we move South Africa forward, together,” the president said.
Steenhuisen dug in deeper:
“How disappointing it must have been for each of the 9 million South Africans sitting at home without work, desperate for a glimmer of hope that things will get better. All they were served was a dish of more high rhetoric, more empty promises and yet another year of despair to add to the eight previous years of the Zuma presidency,” Steenhuisen told the house amid much heckling from ANC members.
Read: Questions raised by Zuma's SONA that no one can answer just yet
Firefighters are tackling a caravan fire - and have issued a smoke warning to people in the area.
The incident started around half an hour ago on Common Lane in Pleasley Vale.
The fire service say the incident is still ongoing and have issued a smoke warning to drivers on the nearby A617.
They are using breathing apparatus and hoses to tackle the blaze.
More information will follow as and when we get it.
Brexit Britain's under pressure to come up with a swift registration process for EU nationals in the UK.
The European Parliament's Guy Verhofstadt's been meeting Home Office officials in Brussels.
The UK's Windrush scandal - threats to deport some relatives of Caribbean workers - has hiked concerns.
"One application or registration per family has to be sufficient. That has to be possible," said Verhofstadt.
"Secondly, we are also looking that it becomes a real system of registration rather than application. That means that if people fill in all the data that are necessary, from that moment on there is this status. And that is not necessary for weeks or months, not to say years before the Home Office is agreeing with this."
Don't push too hard to get on top of your workload over the next 24 hours because what happens later in the week will most likely take care of it for you. This is one of those times when you will gain more by taking things easy.
Yan Gomes, C, Indians, $3,100
at Tampa Bay Rays
Gomes has been one of the more productive backstops so far in the early going and his immediate future looks bright. Rays starter Drew Smyly has faced Gomes only 4 times , but the Indians catcher has slugged 2 home runs. OK, a small sample, but a positive one. Roll with Gomes as his price is also right. (Getty)
Image copyright Reuters
Taiwanese author and political campaigner Li Ao has died.
He passed away peacefully on Sunday morning at the Veterans General Hospital in the Taiwan capital Taipei following a battle with brain cancer.
The 82 year-old, who was born in Harbin and brought up in Beijing, was diagnosed with a tumour back in 2015 and his condition is thought to have worsened since January.
He leaves behind a wife and three children.
Who was Li Ao?
In an interesting life, Li Ao spent time in prison for his political views, he was nominated for the Nobel Prize in Literature and had many of his books banned from Taiwan, where he moved at the age of 14.
He went on to study history and publish numerous magazines and books. His novel, the Fayuan Temple Of Beijing, was shortlisted by Nobel in 2000.
Throughout his life Li was critical of the Chinese Nationalist Party (KMT) government, something for which he went to prison.
He was against the independence of Taiwan and believed in the unification of the island state with China, but felt Taiwan should be equal to and not a subordinate of Beijing.
'Significant figure'
Wang Chien-chuang, former editor of the China Times, paid his own tribute.
"Li Ao was a rather significant figure in the 1960s and 1970s Taiwan, when the island was under martial law," he said.
"The magazine he edited at the time, Wenxing, enlightened the entire generation.
"But after the martial law was lifted in the 1980s, similar voices erupted across Taiwan, hence Li Ao became a much less significant figure.
"His political views in later years - supporting the unification of China - turned him into a minority figure in Taiwan."
What's been the reaction on social media?
Most comments by mainland Chinese internet users on social media network Weibo expressed sorrow for Li Ao's death and admiration for his literary talent, patriotism and fighting spirit.
Xiong Yuying said: "My high school Chinese teacher admired him as a famous author. Then at university, I learned about his unyielding character through reading his works. His courage to speak his mind and to act on it was exemplary."
Chunxiaomanyi wrote: "I respect and admire Li Ao from the very bottom of my heart. I learned so much from him - his pursuit of truth, justice and conscience, his support for disadvantaged people and his genuine love for China."
And Putiaochaofan added: "He was opposed to Taiwan independence and was resolute in his fight against separatists. For this, he deserves our respect."
You may also be interested in:
But many commentators focused not on Li Ao's trademark outspokenness, but on the social and political environment that tolerated it.
Li Ao was jailed in Taiwan under the rule of the KMT. But to some commentators, his treatment would have been much harsher had he stayed on the mainland.
Netizen Kunzai2017 said: "I cherish his memory but I have to say he cursed the KMT all his life but was still allowed to live a full life."
'Yellow Russian dog'
Other internet users have been more critical of Li Ao's legacy, accusing him of political opportunism over his closeness to the Chinese Communist Party in his later years.
Ruifutang accused Li Ao of hypocrisy, saying that he "never cursed anyone on the mainland but only cursed people in Taiwan, because it was safe".
Using an expression Chinese internet users often used to abuse Chinese communists, Yunhehaidebiduan called Li "a yellow Russian dog who bullied the weak but feared the strong".
This article was written by the BBC's UGC team with support from BBC World Service journalists Vincent Ni and Qiang Zhang.
INDIANAPOLIS (WISH) — A half and half weekend on tap, as more snow accumulation is slated to work into central Indiana before we head back to work and school this week.
Today:
Some flurries are flying around early this morning – mainly for our far northern counties. Expect those to taper off by mid morning. We'll be left with a mostly cloudy afternoon. Temperatures should warm quite nicely compared to Friday, with highs surging to near 40° later today.
Tonight:
Our snow system won't be here until overnight – but ahead of it clouds will increase, and temperatures will hold relatively steady – in the mid 30s for much of the evening.
Sunday Snow:
A cold front is poised to move into the state, Sunday. We expect a couple of rounds of snow with separate waves moving through. The first batch of snow arrives around Midnight, tonight, and continues through much of the early to mid-overnight. Second wave will come through late morning/early afternoon. Scattered lake effect snow showers/flurries are expected for the remainder of the afternoon and evening.
All together, snow accumulations shouldn't be too much, but certainly enough to make travel difficult at times. A general 1-2″ for areas north of I-70, with some areas closer to 3″ in our far northern counties. South of I-70, an inch or less can be expected.
It's also worthy to note a significant shot of arctic air will slam into central Indiana following the second wave of snow Sunday afternoon. Should hit highs in the mid 30s by lunchtime, but quickly fall off through the afternoon.
Busy 8 Day Forecast:
A brief break on Monday, although still cold, before our next system of interest moves on Tuesday and Wednesday. Still a little too early for specifics on this system, as we may be riding a fine line of rain/snow across central Indiana. That said, it does appear that snow accumulation is likely Tuesday into Wednesday, with higher potential and amounts for the northern third of the state. Below is a snapshot of both the American GFS model, and the European model for our Tuesday/Wednesday system. Understand that this system has not even come on shore yet, so data coming in currently is not complete. So take any snow accumulation output you may see on social media with a grain of salt.
Temperatures will remain below average for the extended. Another system potentially to watch for will be at the end of the work week into early next weekend.
The shooting death of 74-year-old Robert Godwin on Sunday unfolded in a series of live videos that were broadcast and posted by shooting suspect Steve Stephens. Because the social network relies on users to flag offensive content for review and possible removal, it took more than two hours in total to take the footage down. Facebook's vice president of global operations, Justin Osofsky, wrote a blog post about the incident.
And a little extra
An immigrant rights activist has gone missing in Mexico after saying he was being chased by a group of criminals and begging for immediate help on Facebook Live. “I seriously need help,” Hugo Castro, a US citizen who works with the San Diego-based Border Angels, said in Spanish on Thursday. “My battery is going to die, I'm not going to move from here.” He hasn't been seen since.
WE'RE KEEPING AN EYE ON
All eyes are on Georgia tonight, where emboldened Democrats hope anti-Trump energy will help them win a Republican House seat.
On Tuesday night, Democrats will find out if the opposition to Trump that has electrified the left since November can be converted into actual electoral results.
Democrats see an opportunity in Georgia's 6th Congressional District to flip a seat that has been in Republican hands for decades.
Jon Ossoff, a 30-year old, previously unknown documentary filmmaker, has become a lightning rod for the excitement and anger that has been building since the election in November, and an outlet for Democrats looking for a way to make a statement. Ossoff has drawn national attention and raised a record-setting $8.3 million.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A new video has been released showing how a revamped former department store building in Birmingham city centre will look.
The video goes inside The Lewis Building, previously known as Temple Court, which is currently being renovated to create 113,000 sq ft of grade A office space.
The Bull Street building was the home of Lewis's department store from the 1920s before it closed down in 1991 after the company fell into administration.
Legal & General Property bought the building and its neighbour Priory Court in 2014 for £87.5 million and has been carrying out a renovation of the complex, including adding another storey.
The new building, which is due for completion by the end of 2017, will have a cycle hub with space for 60 bikes, showers and changing facilities and 74 car parking spaces.
There is also space for a new café fronting Bull Street.
Tom Williams, senior asset manager with Legal & General Investment Management, said: "Through this programme of refurbishment works, we are delivering a unique new asset to Birmingham's office community.
"This fly-though provides a great opportunity for us to share how this space will be realised and showcase the high-specification finishes to the attractive new Manhattan-style entrance area.
"We've developed this building to appeal directly to the needs of today's occupier while still respecting The Lewis Building's heritage as a proud landmark within Birmingham city centre."
The renovation has been designed by architectural practice EPR, with contractor Willmott Dixon undertaking the works.
CBRE and GVA are the appointed leasing agents.
SUZUKA, Japan — Championship leader Lewis Hamilton secured pole position for the Japanese Grand Prix, leading a 1-2 finish for Mercedes drivers on Saturday.
Hamilton posted a lap record time of 1 minute, 27.319 seconds to finish 0.332 ahead of Valtteri Bottas.
Hamilton's title rival, Sebastian Vettel, was third but the Ferrari driver will move up to second after Bottas's penalty for an unscheduled gearbox change. Bottas drops to seventh.
Hamilton struggled for pace in the previous race in Malaysia but that wasn't the case in Saturday's qualifying.
“It's been a really great day, every lap was fantastic, I never really got a great balance in the past so never did a great qualifying here,” Hamilton said.
Before Saturday's qualifying, Hamilton had secured pole at every current F1 circuit except Suzuka.
“It's incredible for me, 10 years or whatever it is and my first pole at Suzuka,” Hamilton said.
With five races remaining, Hamilton leads Vettel by 34 points in the drivers' championship.
Hamilton has won twice before here at Suzuka, in 2014 and 2015, and was runner-up to former Mercedes teammate Nico Rosberg in last year's race.
A win in Suzuka would move Hamilton a step closer to a third F1 title in four years with Mercedes and his fourth overall.
Vettel was happy to be on the front row after starting the Malaysia GP from the back of the grid and working his way up to a fourth-place finish.
“The car is quick and, as last weekend shows, if you start out of position you can still get back,” Vettel said.
Red Bull driver Daniel Ricciardo was fourth fastest — and now starts third — just 0.026 clear of teammate Max Verstappen, who won last week's Malaysia GP.
Kimi Raikkonen was sixth but, like Bottas, will also drop five places on the grid after requiring a new gearbox.
Esteban Ocon edged Force India teammate Sergio Perez to finish seventh, while Williams driver Felipe Massa and McLaren-Honda's Fernando Alonso rounded out the top 10.
In a shock twist to the reported murder of journalist Arkady Babchenko, said to have been assassinated in Kiev on Tuesday, the Russian reporter walked into a press conference on Ukrainian TV alive and well.
The head of Ukraine's security services said the 'murder' had been staged to catch those who were trying to kill him.
Vasyl Gritsak first announced that the security agency and the police had solved Babchenko's slaying. He then startled everyone there by inviting the 41-year-old reporter into the room.
Babchenko explained what had happened.
"Based on the information we have been given, police had been preparing this operation for 2 months," he said. "They only informed me last month. During this period of time, I saw how hard they worked (...like madmen). And the fruit of their hard work is this operation. The alleged murderer has been arrested."
Babchenko was initially said to have been found bleeding at the entrance to a block of flats by his wife and to have died in an ambulance en route to hospital.
He fled Russia in 2017 after receiving death threats over a post he made on social media.
The 41-year-old is one of Russia's best-known war reporters, and has spoken and written about leaving the country because of repeated threats that he and his family would be harmed.
Police said that they had made one arrest in connection with the extraordinary operation.
By Scott Strasser, February 14 2017 —
Dozens of chess players from across the province will gather at the University of Calgary from Feb. 18–19 for the annual Battle of Alberta chess tournament.
The Battle of Alberta takes place every February at one of the province's post-secondary institutions. The University of Alberta hosted and won last year's event, while Mount Royal University hosted in 2015.
The U of C Chess Club will host this year's tournament in That Empty Space. Chess club president Riley Workman said between 30 and 40 players will compete, including a handful from the U of C.
“We haven't fully established our team yet [but I would] guess somewhere between six and eight [of our players],” Workman said.
The tournament will abide by World Chess Federation standardized rules, including time clocks and the “no touch” rule — if you touch a piece, you have to use it.
The U of C Chess Club was founded in 2015 by Workman and fourth-year chemical engineering student Chinmoy Ayachit. Workman said the club's weekly meet-ups offer a friendly environment for both new and veteran chess players at the U of C to work on their skills.
“Sometimes Masters come in,” Workman said. They're open to teaching students of all levels. And it's just fun. Chess is good for the mind. That's useful for a university environment.”
The Battle of Alberta is also open to independent players and non-students. The registration fee for a university student is $10 while the fee for a non-student is $15.
Comments
