Bigg Boss 11 is getting interesting with each passing day. After a lot of fun and emotional moments during the weekend episodes, now the contestants will have to face nominations. It has to be recalled that last week, the voting lines were closed and there was no elimination, but in this week, the eviction is imminent.
Today (December 11), Bigg Boss will announce the nomination task. Read on to know more about the task and also check out who is getting nominated this week...
Nomination Task – Two Teams The contestants are divided into two teams: team red (Shilpa, Hiten, Luv and Priyank) and team blue (Vikas, Akash Hina and Puneesh). Nomination Task Rules The garden area is divided into two parts and in between, two trees are placed with apples hanging on it - the apples have the contestants' photos. Arshi Has The Power! According to the task, the tree which has more apples on the tree will win the task. Arshi Khan, who is the captain, has the power to nominate contestants by giving reasons. Arshi To Take Advantage Of Her Power! According to the promo, now that Arshi has power, she will be seen taking advantage of it! She tells the blue team that each and every person from the other team will have to convince her personally to save them from nominations. Vikas Wants Arshi Not To Be Predictable! Vikas asks Arshi not to be predictable. He asks her to make the game interesting. Arshi will be seen telling Vikas that she will participate in the game completely. Arshi Khan's Game! In the promo, Arshi will be seen telling the teams that she will compare both the teams, while Puneesh asks Arshi to look into those who broke her trust. Arshi Saves Akash! She will also tell the teams that she will save Akash as he was the one who has been with her in every situation! We know that Arshi hates Shilpa, and after yesterday (December 10) episode, she starts hating Hiten as well. Arshi Nominates Shilpa & Hiten! Arshi will be seen nominating Shilpa and Hiten for sure! According to the latest update, the red team, which consists of Shilpa, Hiten, Luv and Priyank will be getting nominated for eviction, this week! Luv Trapped! Looks like makers guessed Arshi's move. But they have trapped Luv! Will luck save Luv again? Stay locked to this space for the latest update of the show...
Bigg Boss 11 Highlights: Akash Is Not Sent To Secret Room; Vikas Calls Hina 'Chalu'!
CALGARY — The fate of a man accused of murdering an Alberta couple and their five-year-old grandson will soon be in the hands of a jury.
Douglas Garland, 57, is being tried on three counts of first-degree murder in the June 2014 disappearance of Alvin and Kathy Liknes and Nathan O'Brien.
There were 50 witnesses and 1,400 pieces of sometimes gruesome evidence in a trial that began nearly five weeks ago.
The final step before jurors is sequestered is to come today when Justice David Gates outlines instructions for their deliberations.
Garland's lawyer, Kim Ross, suggested to the jury that the Crown was unable to forensically or scientifically place Garland at the Liknes home in Calgary.
"Our system of law presumes that the man sitting there in that box is presumed innocent until the Crown has proven beyond a reasonable doubt that he's guilty of the three counts in the indictment," Ross said during closing arguments.
"You cannot convict Mr. Douglas Garland because you think he's responsible for these offences. You cannot convict Mr. Douglas Garland because you think he probably did these offences.
"You can only find Mr. Douglas Garland guilty if you're satisfied, beyond a reasonable doubt, that he caused the deaths of these three individuals — not because he sits in that box."
The Crown has argued that Garland held a grudge against Alvin Liknes over a business deal, broke into the home and beat all three victims into submission.
The Crown alleges Garland brought the three to his farm north of Calgary where he killed them and dismembered them before burning their remains. Police found tooth and bone fragments, as well as a piece of human flesh in the ash of a burning barrel.
Police witnesses testified they found DNA on a hack saw, meat hooks and a pair of rubber boots at the property. They testified Garland's DNA was on the inside of the boots and the DNA of the victims was on the outside.
Prosecutor Shane Parker told the jury that, without bodies, the case is largely based on circumstantial evidence, but there is nothing wrong with that.
"Circumstantial evidence is not some ugly stepsister. You all function at a high level. Trust yourselves. You have to use your common sense," Parker said.
"This was a targeted attack, in a home, in the middle of darkness. It is not spontaneous. This was thoroughly planned domination and murder."
— Follow @BillGraveland on Twitter
Bill Graveland, The Canadian Press
With a custom-made Vegas Golden Knights jersey and a lot of excitement, the Las Vegas Metro Police Department's newest K-9, Knight, fittingly chewed on his new toy shark. (Eric Hilt / FOX5)
With a custom-made Vegas Golden Knights jersey and a lot of excitement, the Las Vegas Metro Police Department's newest K-9, Knight, showed off for the cameras ahead of the Golden Knights second-round playoff game.
"I guess you could say he's not one of those bandwagon fans," Lt. Andy Henricksen said.
The three-year-old German shepherd joined the department in Dec. He was a gift from Las Vegas' prominent Maloof family, who are part-owners of the Golden Knights.
"We wanted to something nice for the police department [after 1 October], and we thought what better than to get the police department a K-9 dog?" Gavin Maloof said.
"Adding that additional dog is definitely going to help us continue to provide safety, and now we have another partnership, it's huge. I couldn't be more thankful," Henricksen said.
The department named the K-9 Knight, but they said he has more in common with the team than the name.
"He's very athletic, he's fast, he's ferocious," Maloof said. And just like the hockey team got off to a quick start on the ice, Knight hit the streets running.
"During his first week of patrol, actually, it was a foot pursuit in the area of Bolden Area Command, and there were three other dogs that were searching for the bad guy, and he actually found him," Knight's partner, Officer Glenn Obsenares said.
For Metro police officers, Knight is an example the Golden Knights' connection with the community and the department.
"I think it was about the third or fourth day after 1 October, that's when I first got a chance to meet some of the players," Henricksen said. "They came to headquarters. They were out and about involved in the community and came to the first responders, and it's just a continuing partnership of support going both ways."
To show off that support, Knight took a big bite out of (what else?) a toy shark.
"He doesn't like sharks! Just like all of us, we don't like sharks!" Maloof said with a laugh.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Terrell Owens finally made it into the Pro Football Hall of Fame in his third year of eligibility.
Year after year he and others have been angry about his snubs. No one needs to fight for a spot for T.O. anymore — he's in now. The former receiver immediately shared an Instagram that said, “CONGRATS to the HOF CLASS OF 2018.
We're GOLDEN!”
Then, Owens got many congrats from the NFL world, including players and media. One of the messages he got on Twitter was from Fox Sports 1‘s Jason Whitlock.
Whitlock, who often makes questionable statements, has said that Owens has disrespected the Hall of Fame and that he would have no problem with Owens being snubbed again. But, after this year's class was announced, Whitlock congratulated Owens on Twitter, even though he “wasn't a supporter.”
Owens was not having any of it. He told Whitlock to “kick rocks.”
Kick Rocks. — Terrell Owens (@terrellowens) February 3, 2018
I guess Owens heard everything else Whitlock said about him and the Hall of Fame.
Here are other congrats the receiver got on Twitter:
@terrellowens Yeah buddy. Congratulations my dude, let's celebrate at McDonald's — Chad Johnson (@ochocinco) February 3, 2018
I'm happy for @terrellowens!! Better late than never. Congrats on finally getting your HOF nod — Lance Moore (@LanceMoore16) February 3, 2018
Read more about the 2018 Pro Football Hall of Fame class at USA TODAY Sports.
GOP state senator is latest to join race for governor State Senate Deputy Minority Leader John DeFrancisco filed paperwork with the Board of Elections Monday to run for governor. The official announcement from the Syracuse Republican is expected Tuesday. He'll...
A final slapdown for Melissa Mark-Viverito Speaker Melissa Mark-Viverito's failure to control 100-plus Board of Elections jobs after she leaves the City Council at year's end is a win for the rule of law. Though not...
Mark-Viverito violated state laws, constitution: judge A Manhattan judge Tuesday issued a stunning rebuke to City Council Speaker Melissa Mark-Viverito — finding that she flouted two laws and even the state constitution in a behind-the-scenes power...
Mark-Viverito slammed by judge for 'shocking' power grab City Council Speaker Melissa Mark-Viverito is accused of making a power grab that even a Manhattan judge said he found “shocking'' on Monday. Manhattan Democratic Party leader Keith Wright is...
Why Mark-Viverito is pushing for pal to get BOE gig Self-described reformer Melissa Mark-Viverito is trying to become a political boss — with a say over patronage and access to the ballot — in the waning days of her tenure...
Manhattan Dems sue Mark-Viverito over elections board pick The Manhattan Democratic Party is filing a lawsuit today to block City Council Speaker Melissa Mark-Viverito from appointing a pal as Board of Elections commissioner. By custom, the county party...
City Council Dems will nominate speaker's pal for BOE gig Democrats in the City Council are on the verge of giving outgoing Speaker Melissa Mark Viverito a parting gift by approving a close pal to a plum patronage post at...
Dems claim Mark-Viverito is trying to get pal a job in 'November surprise' Lame duck Council Speaker Melissa Mark-Viverito is trying to appoint a pal to a key patronage post at the city Board of Election in a “November surprise” before she leaves...
De Blasio's translators ordered to stay 100 feet from polling places Teams of translators hired by Mayor de Blasio's administration to assist Russian- and Haitian Creole-speaking voters will have to station themselves more than 100 feet from polling places on Election...
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
WASHINGTON (CBSMiami/CNN) – A group of women who have publicly accused President Donald Trump of sexual harassment and assault detailed their accounts of being groped, fondled and forcibly kissed by the businessman-turned-politician at a news conference on Monday.
“This was serial misconduct and perversion on the part of Mr. Trump. Unfortunately, this behavior isn't rare in our society, and people of all backgrounds can be victims. The only reason I am here today is that this offender is now the President of our country,” said Rachel Crooks, a former Bayrock Group receptionist who accused Trump of kissing her on the mouth without her consent in 2005.
The firsthand accounts come as a public conversation on sexual assault and harassment — spurred by a series of accusations against high-profile figures in politics, Hollywood and journalism — rages throughout the United States. Brave New Films, a production company that realized a film on the women who have accused Trump of sexual assault, will host the event.
Related: Blocks From Art Basel, Olympic Gold Medalist Aly Raisman Tells Women To Speak Up
At least 13 women have come forward with accusations against Trump ranging from sexual harassment and misconduct to sexual assault, including unwanted kissing and groping. All the alleged incidents took place prior to his assuming the presidency.
The accusers include Temple Taggart, the former Miss Utah USA who accused Trump of kissing her on the lips in 1997; Mindy McGillivray, who accused Trump of grabbing her butt at his Mar-a-Lago club in Florida in 2003 and Crooks.
Trump has vehemently denied the accusations and while his top spokeswoman wouldn't go on the record Monday, Sarah Sanders has previously said the White House's position is that all the women are lying.
“Yeah, we have been clear on that from the beginning and the President has spoken on it,” Sanders said in October.
“The President has spoken about this multiple times throughout the campaign and has denied all of those allegations,” Sanders said in November.
Trump opened the floodgates of accusations against him during the 2016 campaign when he downplayed the release of a 2005 “Access Hollywood” video that showed him saying he was able to “grab them by the p**sy” because he was famous.
Trump downplayed his remarks as nothing more than “locker room talk” at the second presidential debate and said he never kissed or groped women without consent.
But not all those close to the President have been so dismissive.
US Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley said Sunday that women who accuse a man of inappropriate sexual behavior — including Trump — “should be heard.”
“Well, I mean, you know, the same thing, is women who accuse anyone should be heard,” Haley said when asked specifically about Trump's accusers. “They should be heard and they should be dealt with. And I think we heard from them prior to the election. And I think any woman who has felt violated or felt mistreated in any way, they have every right to speak up.”
The renewed focus on Trump's accusers comes as Alabama Senate candidate Roy Moore fights to win a reliably Republican seat, despite accusations he pursued relationships with teenagers, including molesting a 14-year-old and sexually assaulting a 16-year-old when he was in his 30s. Moore has denied all the allegations.
Trump has stood by Moore despite the accusations and has raised questions about the women who have leveled the charges. Trump traveled to Florida — just miles from the Alabama border — to rally support for the Senate candidate and has repeatedly tweeted about the need to back Moore and keep his Democratic opponent Doug Jones out of the Senate.
Two Democratic senators — Cory Booker of New Jersey and Jeff Merkley of Oregon — called for Trump to resign over the multiple accusations of sexual harassment and sexual assault against him.
The calls come days after Sen. Al Franken, a Minnesota Democrat, announced his intention to resign over accusations of sexual assault.
“I just watched Sen. Al Franken do the honorable thing and resign from his office,” Booker said. “My question is, why isn't Donald Trump doing the same thing — who has more serious allegations against him, with more women who have come forward. The fact pattern on him is far more damning than the fact pattern on Al Franken.”
(© Copyright 2017 CBS Broadcasting Inc. Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company, contributed to this report)
An Uber mobile application dedicated to Las Vegas is shown in this undated photo. (FOX5)
Derrick Smith started driving for Uber and Lyft in 2015 when ride sharing came back to the Valley. He told FOX5 he has noticed a new trend recently.
"Parents are getting very comfortable with this option, which is a very illegal option quite honestly," Smith said about parents using ride share apps to pick up their kids.
Parents have been ordering rides for their underage children and sending them alone with the drivers.
"I was shocked, I couldn't believe that parents was allowing their 14-year-old to get in a car with a complete stranger," Smith said.
FOX5 reached out to both Uber and Lyft about the issue. The companies said this goes against their terms and conditions. App users and riders must be at least 18-years-old or accompanied by a parent or guardian to use the app.
Smith told FOX5 parents haven't been following this rule.
"I actually had to report over 10 rides last school year at the end of the season," he said.
Uber and Lyft encourage drivers to report these situations. They said the driver's rating rating will not be affected and passengers breaking the rules will have their accounts deactivated.
"I have to give it to both companies, Uber and Lyft. They are very on top of this once you report it," Smith said.
Copyright 2017 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Windows 10: Microsoft Really Pushing Its Edge Browser
Microsoft is looking to force users into using its Edge browser, by making it default for opening links from email. Having struggled to entice users to ditch market-leader Chrome, or even its older, now decommissioned Internet Explorer, Microsoft is going to try and force it on people.
In the release notes for Microsoft's latest early version of Windows 10, sent out to its so-called Insiders, the Redmond-based company said: "We will begin testing a change where links clicked on within the Windows Mail app will open in Microsoft Edge, which provides the best, most secure and consistent experience on Windows 10 and across your devices."
The change will ignore the wishes of the user, opening links in Edge regardless of which app is their designated default browser.
Windows Mail is the default email client that comes pre-installed on Windows 10 supporting various different email providers including Google's Gmail.
The reason for the change is because "Microsoft Edge enables you to be more productive, organized and creative without sacrificing your battery life or security," the company says.
This isn't the first time Microsoft has tried to force users to at least try its new browser, which replaced Internet Explorer with the release of Windows 10 in July 2015. When you attempt to change the default browser to Google's Chrome in the Settings app, Windows 10 asks users to make sure they really want to switch and whether they wouldn't rather try Edge.
But Microsoft does allow users to force the change making Chrome, or any other browser, the default choice, opening links from other apps in their choice rather than Edge.
Despite Windows 10 being installed on 36% of desktop computers globally, according to data from StatCounter, Edge is only used by 4% of desktop computer users, behind Internet Explorer with 6.9%, Firefox with 11.5% and Google's Chrome with a market-leading 67.5% share of users.
It is clear Microsoft needs to do something to stimulate use of Edge, but the change is likely to be extremely unpopular with both testers and regular users, if it is not altered before becoming default for all versions of Windows 10 going forwards. Microsoft said: "As always, we look forward to feedback from our Windows Insider Program community."
© 2018 Guardian Web under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: Product shots by Microsoft; iStock/Artist's concept.
LAS VEGAS — Alex Ovechkin scored and blocked a shot in the second period and Braden Holtby made spectacular saves, lifting the Washington Capitals to a series-tying 3-2 win over the Vegas Golden Knights in Game 2 of the Stanley Cup Final on Wednesday night.
Lars Eller had a goal and two assists as the Capitals secured the first win in the Final in franchise history. Washington was swept by Detroit in the 1998 Final.
Brooks Orpik scored Washington's third goal midway through the second period, ending a 220-game drought.
James Neal gave the Golden Knights a 1-0 lead 7:58 into the game and Shea Theodore pulled them within a goal late in the second.
Game 3 is Saturday night in Washington.
Right tackle Howard bolts Jets for Raiders The Jets are in the market for a starting right tackle on top of all of their other needs. Free agent Austin Howard agreed to a five-year, $30 million deal...
Jets can't keep Austin Howard from open market The Jets and right tackle Austin Howard failed to reach agreement on a deal, meaning Howard will test free agency, according to a source. Howard has been the Jets' starting...
Free agent Alterraun Verner sees a fit with Jets The Jets are high on impending free agent cornerback Alterraun Verner, and it sounds like the feeling is mutual. Verner spoke glowingly of the Jets in an interview with Adam...
Jets re-sign TE Jeff Cumberland As the Jets prepare to begin chasing other teams' free agents, they brought back one of their own Friday. The Jets and tight end Jeff Cumberland agreed to a three-year...
Free-agency primer: For the Jets, it's better to receive After months of talk, it's time for some players to sign on the dotted line. Free agency gets underway over the next few days with teams permitted to speak with...
Bouncebacks and stopgaps key to Jets offensive line This is the fifth in a nine-part series examining the Jets' needs position by position with free agency starting on March 11. OFFENSIVE LINE Currently on roster: Nick Mangold Age:...
Jets offseason primer: Out of salary cap hell The Jets entered last offseason with a new general manager, very little cap room and a question about trading their best player. A lot has changed in a year. General...
Quiet Pace advises Jets to seize the day vs. Panthers When the horn sounded shortly after noon Friday signaling the end of the Jets' last practice before their have-to-have-it game against the heavily-favored Panthers on Sunday in Charlotte, N.C., the...
Jets blitz: Kerley comes through to end losing streak HERO: The schedule-maker gets the game ball. The Raiders were the perfect opponent for the Jets after three straight losses. Oakland played terribly on defense and it was just what the...
For a pursuit that brings such singular joy, parenting is filled with strange and terrible things, such as dadblogging, putting leashes on children, this Captain Underpants movie I'm going to have to f**king rent at some point and 98% of what parents do on social media. Yet because it's filled with strange and terrible things it's primed for people selling stranger and more terrible things, which brings us to the idea of the “Daddy Shower” which I learned of via a press release written as though to sound like Brooklyn, Paris and Dubai have been secretly hosting underground Diddy-hosted Daddy Showers for years and the rest of us are just now like, guys, you gotta get in on this.
"Baby showers aren't just for moms anymore!" the press release shrieked, and I thought, "FINALLY! Sure, it's nice that guys earn more, avoid actual childbirth and pretend phrases like 'Strategic Content Financial Control Analyst' have any meaning at all, but why should only Ladies get to sit around lavishly decorated rooms and open presents for hours? INEQUALITY!" And then I pounded my table importantly and sipped Scotch and harrumphed. Lot of harrumphing. In British.
Anyway, the concept of the Daddy Shower, which is something you're going to want to be real mindful about Googling, is also known as a “Dadchelor Party,” because since the internet began we just all gracelessly smush together words now. You could basically kill an afternoon moderating a televised roundtable about why these are dumb, but let's just go down this actual list of suggested indignities that might occur at Dadchelor Parties:
• Have everyone bring a case of diapers. Because if there's anything you want half-assedly supplied by 12 different people who don't know what they're doing, it's diapers. On the plus side, this is better than asking them to bring formula. Or cupcakes.
• Make the new dad assemble a crib or swing. It's all the excitement of furniture assembly, only it takes place during something that's supposed to be fun! Also if there's anything you want to do while drinking with your idiot friends, it's assemble a complicated device responsible for safely holding your infant.
• Hold bottle-drinking contests! Except grown men can't really drink out of baby bottles, for obvious reasons, so you have to use the bottles for toddlers instead of for babies and probably have to cut a hole to get any liquid out and beer tastes awful out of bottles you know what maybe just drink out of cups.
• Make the dad-to-be eat a jar of baby food, which, to be fair, is extremely nutritious, and honestly if it's applesauce this isn't even a punishment.
• Make the dad-to-be wear an adult disposable diaper! Listen, at some point in the reasonably near future this man will probably be called upon to change a diaper in a Citgo bathroom, stand in public baby pools that are 65% human urine and go see the Captain Underpants movie, so let them man keep his damn dignity for a few more weeks.
One could argue that a baby shower full of bruhs is a way to keep the fathers involve in the baby-prep process, which is a fine and welcome thing that is achievable in any number of ways that don't involve grown men suckling pacifiers, also suggested, I left that one out. Happily, this problem is easily solved: Guys who want dadchelor parties can organize whatever they want, but instead of at your house, we'll have it at the bar, and instead of giving presents, we'll give you nothing, and instead of games involving baby food and man-diapers we'll watch car races, and if anyone suggests being a grown man wearing a pacifier, we'll attach a leash to him and leave.
WATCH MORE LOOP VIDEOS
Students take part in a protest to demand the appearance of three missing film students alive, in Guadalajara, Jalisco state, Mexico, on March 24, 2018. Three film students from the University of Audiovisual Media of Jalisco state went missing March 19.
Authorities said Monday that three Mexican film students who went missing in March in Guadalajara were kidnapped, tortured and killed, and their bodies were dissolved in acid, NBC News reported.
Javier Salomón Aceves Gastélum, Daniel Díaz, and Marco Ávalo were last seen on March 19 in the municipality of Tonala, in the state of Jalisco, filming a class project during their Spring Break. The three aspiring filmmakers were students at the Universidad de Medios Audiovisuales.
According to state prosecutors, their car broke down during the trip and they were later kidnapped by gunmen from the Jalisco New Generation Cartel (CJNG), who confused them for members of a rival gang.
Academy Award winning director Guillermo del Toro, who is a native of Guadalajara, expressed outrage on social media in response to the killings.
"Words can't explain the dimension of this madness. 3 students are killed and dissolved in acid. The "why" is unthinkable, the "how" is terrifying,” the "Shape of Water" director tweeted.
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Miranda Lambert has released the music video for her latest track, "Keeper of the Flame." The country superstar's new radio single is featured on her double album, The Weight Of These Wings.
Lambert performed "Keeper of the Flame" live just last month during the 2018 ACM Awards. She also became the most awarded artist in the history of the show with a collective 32 career wins.
"Our obligation is to make sure that we inspire others, so… I hope the message of this song comes across and I hope that it encourages everybody, people of all ages and all walks of life to believe in themselves and to know that it really matters,” Lambert shared in a press statement.
"Keeper of the Flame" is the fourth single to come from her 2017 record which was co-written by Lambert alongside Natalie Hemby and Liz Rose. It follows the release of the lead single "Vice," as well as "We Should Be Friends" and "Tin Man."
Miranda Lambert's "Tin Man" is nominated for Female Video of the Year at the CMT Awards airing live from Nashville's Bridgestone Arena June 6.
WEST HARRISON, Ind. (AP) Authorities say a man is dead after his all-terrain vehicle rolled and landed on top of him in southeastern Indiana.
The Indiana Department of Natural Resources says 46-year-old Daniel Woolwine of Guilford was pronounced dead Sunday afternoon at Mercy Hospital in Harrison, Ohio. The accident happened in West Harrison, Indiana, which is in Dearborn County on the state line with Ohio.
Authorities say Woolwine was checking targets and target practicing when he traversed an embankment in the ATV. Investigators say the ATV rolled, ejected Woolwine and then landed on him. Authorities say two witnesses found him trapped and called emergency responders when they couldn't free him.
An autopsy is scheduled later this week. Authorities don't suspect speed, alcohol or other substances were factors in the accident.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Google
Email
Print
More
Pinterest
Like this: Like Loading...
These are just pictures but they tell stories that will either Educate,Entertain or Motivate you… From unbelievablefactsblog
Arcade Fire rocker just snagged this Brooklyn house Grammy Award-winning indie rock band Arcade Fire member Will Butler and his wife, Jenny Shore Butler, a choreographer and dancer, recently bought a single-family home for $1.74 million in Kensington,...
Why Arcade Fire is the most important band in North America With Arcade Fire's release Friday of its new album, “Everything Now,” the music world exhales. “Everything Now” is arguably the most highly-anticipated rock record of the year. Its lead single...
Why rock stars like St. Vincent and Arcade Fire are brewing up coffee Earlier this month, Arcade Fire's Win Butler popped into the new La Colombe cafe in Hudson Square and began brewing coffee and serving it to customers. It was a seemingly...
Spider-Man Andrew Garfield cross-dresses in new video You've seen him in his Spidey suit, now check out Andrew Garfield in a dress and wig. The heartthrob actor makes an appearance in the brand-new music video for “We...
‘SNL' pals help headline Fallon's ‘Tonight Show' debut week “The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon” has set its premiere week guest lineup , which features many A-list names — including a few friends from the host's “Saturday Night Live”...
Arcade Fire missing that spark Albums of the Week ARCADE FIRE “Reflektor” ★★ Montreal indie-rock romantics Arcade Fire have been overblown from the beginning — it's why their fans love them, along with lead singer...
Arcade Fire showcases new grooves They fooled no one by announcing secret shows in the industrial part of Bushwick as “the Reflektors,” but on Saturday night (the second of the two consecutive dates), Arcade Fire...
CINCINNATI, Ohio (WDTN) – The Wright State basketball player who injured his spinal cord during an accident at a party this month is getting some much-needed good news.
According to a post on Facebook, Ryan Custer might be participating in a medical research study that could help with his recovery.
Custer's Recovery Care page says Ryan has been approved to participate in a stem cell study at Rush University in Chicago. This, after he shattered his c5 vertebrae jumping into a makeshift pool at a party in Oxford.
The study would use human embryonic stem cells to see if they help patients who've had spinal cord injuries like Custer.
According to the study's webpage called SCI star, early lab studies have shown the cells promote partial repair of damaged cord tissue.
There is a time frame for this study. The injection has to be done within 30 days of the injury and those patients must be screened earlier than that. That means Custer needs to be in Chicago for treatment in the next few weeks.
The Facebook page says as soon as Ryan is able to travel, they will head there. We did reach out to the Rush University. They cannot confirm Ryan has been accepted into the study.
Custer's dad is expected to give an update on Ryan's condition Tuesday afternoon.
Keep checking WDTN.com for the latest news, weather and sports. To get alerts for breaking news, grab the FREE WDTN News App for iPhone or Android. You can also sign up for email alerts here.
Don't miss another post on Facebook or Twitter for all the latest breaking news
It's just one way to honor one of America's great pastimes, and the inventor behind it — George Washington Gale Ferris, an engineer.
At Scheels All Sports on Tuesday, people hopped on the 12-car Ferris wheel, which Scheels was able to get from a well-known amusement park.
"We did get it out of Disneyland and it was built, 40 feet tall, and 1938 is when this was built so this is a vintage restored Ferris wheel," said Caryn Olson of Scheels All Sports.
The first Ferris wheel was built in 1893 and stood 26-stories tall.
At The Kerala Box Office...
Bharat Ane Nenu has released in centres like Kochi multiplexes, Trivandrum Aries Plex and Kollam. According to a report by Forum Keralam, Bharat Ane Nenu has fetched approximately 5.51 Lakhs from its 3 days of run in various centres.
A Steady Increase
According to a Facebook post by Forum Keralam, there has been a steady increase in the collections of the movie from day 1. Reportedly, the film fetched 79k on its day 1 whereas the collections increased to 2.12 Lakhs and 2.59Lakhs respectively on its next two days.
Impact Of Telugu Movies At The Kerala Box Office
Telugu movies releasing in Kerala is not a common phenomenon. Usually, the dubbed version of Telugu movies make a huge impact at the Kerala box office. Some of the Telugu movies from the past have released as it is in Kerala and Bharat Ane Nenu have joined the list in style. With its decent run we definitely can expect more Telugu movies making a direct release in Kerala in the days to come.
Vishu Movies
It is being noted that all the major Vishu releases of the year are still in the theatres, especially at the Kochi multiplexes. Going by the collection report, it has to be said that Bharat Ane Nenu is performing strong in the theatres and holds a good prospect for a fine run ahead.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings. SUBSCRIBE
When Surgeon General Jerome Adams issued an advisory calling for more people to carry naloxone — not just people at overdose risk, but also friends and family — experts and advocates were almost giddy.
This is an “unequivocally positive” step forward, said Leo Beletsky, an associate professor of law and health sciences at Northeastern University.
Dr. Jerome Adams waits to be sworn in as the 20th U.S. Surgeon General by Vice President Mike Pence during a ceremony in Pence's ceremonial office on the White House complex in Washington, Tuesday, Sept. 5, 2017. (AP Photo/Susan Walsh) Susan Walsh / AP
And not necessarily a surprise. Adams, who previously was Indiana's health commissioner, was recruited to be the nation's top doctor in part because of his work with then-Gov. Mike Pence, now the vice president. In Indiana, Adams pushed for harm-reduction approaches, which included expanded access to naloxone and the implementation of a needle exchange to combat the state's much-publicized HIV outbreak, which began in 2015 and was linked to injection drug use.
Others cautioned, though, that his have-naloxone-will-carry recommendation is at best limited in what it can achieve, in part because the drug is relatively expensive.
Kaiser Health News breaks down what the advisory means, experts' concerns and what policy approaches may be in the pipeline.
Many public health advocates applaud the surgeon general's position.
Naloxone, which is a drug that can keep drug users alive by reversing opioid overdoses, is viewed by many as the cornerstone of the harm-reduction approach to the epidemic. Experts say people with addiction problems should carry it, and so should their family, friends and acquaintances.
“We want to put it more in reach,” said Traci Green, an associate professor of emergency medicine and community health sciences at Boston University, who has extensively researched the opioid abuse crisis. “It could not have been a better endorsement.”
Others, including Diane Goodman, who penned a recent Medscape commentary reflecting on the advisory, wonder whether this is a “rational” response to the scourge, since opioid addiction is one of many health problems people might encounter in everyday life and for which treatment options are still limited.
“I'm not sure it makes much more sense than any of us carrying a bottle of nitroglycerin to treat patients with end-stage angina,” wrote Goodman, an acute-care nurse practitioner, referring to chest pain.
“What, exactly, are we offering to addict once their condition has been reversed?” she asked, noting that without treatment and therapy programs that help wean people from addiction “the odds of survival for any length of time remain low, no matter how much reversal medication is kept nearby.”
Results would likely be limited by naloxone's price tag.
Take Baltimore, which has been hit particularly hard by the opioid epidemic. Its health department already has pushed for more people to carry naloxone.
But the drug's price is an issue, said Dr. Leana Wen, the city's health commissioner, and an emergency physician. She suggested that the federal government negotiate directly for a lower price, or give more money to organizations and agencies like hers so they can afford to maintain an adequate supply.
“Every day, people are calling us at the Baltimore City Health Department and requesting naloxone, and I have to tell them I can't afford for them to have it,” Wen said.
The drug is available in generic form, which can be stored in a vial and injected via a needle, as well as in patented products, such as the nasal spray Narcan, sold by ADAPT Pharmaceuticals, and Kaleo's Evzio, a talking auto-injector.
Generic naloxone costs $20 to $40 per dose. Narcan, the nasal spray, costs $125 for a two-dose carton, according to ADAPT's website. A two-pack of Evzio costs close to $4,000, according to GoodRx.
Health departments and first responders qualify for a discounted rate of $75 per carton of Narcan. Kaleo has made Evzio coupons available to consumers, so that some will not have a copay, and it advertises a discount for federal and state agencies.
Skeptics point out that similar methods have been used to build brand loyalty and potentially make a particular product a household name. That's how Epi-Pen became synonymous with epinephrine for the treatment of anaphylactic shock.
“There's clearly some overlap” here between the pricing strategies used by naloxone manufacturers and Epi-Pen distributor Mylan, said Richard Evans, co-founder of SSR Health, which tracks the pharmaceutical industry.
But it's not a perfect comparison. The presence of low-cost generics changes the calculus, he said, as does the different level of demand.
Nonprofit organizations and health care providers keenly feel the pressures of increasing demand and cost.
Experts say price breaks on naloxone are not sufficient to cover the costs on the ground.
“Sixty-four thousand people lost their lives [nationally in 2016] — that's someone every 12 minutes,” said Justin Phillips, executive director of Overdose Lifeline, an Indianapolis-based nonprofit. “Ten free kits is not going to be enough.”
Phillips said her organization relies on generic naloxone, which is the least expensive formulation. It's the only feasible option, using dedicated grant money the group received from the state attorney general's office as part of a program funded by a settlement with pharmaceutical companies.
But that money is almost dried up. “We need to be able to access naloxone — which I'm told is pennies to make — for the pennies it cost to make it,” Phillips said.
Phillips, who worked with Adams when he ran Indiana's health department, said she has discussed the need for naloxone funding with the surgeon general, but never its price.
Pharmacies assess the hurdles of distribution.
Local pharmacies are key in this chain, but the overdose antidote is new territory for many pharmacists, said Randy Hitchens, the executive vice president of the Indiana Pharmacists Alliance. He said in 2015, when Adams began his push to get naloxone into the hands of drug users and their families, only one or two retail pharmacies carried it.
“This has always been an emergency room drug. Retail pharmacists typically were not used to dealing with [it],” Hitchens said. “A lot were probably saying, ‘What in the devil is naloxone?'”
“Sixty-four thousand people lost their lives [nationally in 2016] — that's someone every 12 minutes.” “Sixty-four thousand people lost their lives [nationally in 2016] — that's someone every 12 minutes.”
Today, he estimates 60 to 70 percent of Indiana's more than 1,100 retail pharmacies carry the drug. Walgreens, the pharmacy chain, has committed to stocking Narcan.
Access, though, is always subject to retail pressures.
“If pharmacies are not seeing a steady stream coming in asking for it, they won't be incentivized to carry it on their shelves,” said Daniel Raymond, the deputy director of policy and planning for the Harm Reduction Coalition.
A patchwork of other decentralized sources for naloxone exist: syringe-exchange vans, county and state health departments, churches and community centers, all trying to find ways to get overdose medication into the hands of people who need it.
That supply stream “meets people where they are,” Raymond said, but those little programs don't have the muscle to negotiate discounted prices.
“Individual health programs are trying to navigate the crisis on their own, but when you see … growing demand and limited supply, it's a role for federal intervention,” Raymond said.
He'd like to see the federal government step in to negotiate prices where smaller programs can't.
The surgeon general's message is one part of Washington's broader response to the epidemic. But even as Congress crafts an opioid epidemic response package, it's not clear it will tackle these concerns.
In the House of Representatives' Energy and Commerce Committee, one bill being discussed would require all state Medicaid programs to cover at least one form of naloxone. Currently, not all state Medicaid programs do so.
A Senate bill would authorize $300 million annually to equip first responders with naloxone.
But critics say those approaches still don't address the underlying problems: cost and funding.
“You can either make naloxone available, at a much discounted price, or we need to have a lot more resources in order to purchase it,” Wen said. “I don't care which one. My only concern is the health and well-being of our residents.”
This story was written by Shefali Luthra and Rachel Bluth and contributed by Kaiser Health News, a national health policy news service that is an editorially independent part of the Henry J. Kaiser Family Foundation, a nonprofit, nonpartisan health policy research and communication organization not affiliated with Kaiser Permanente.
Donald Trump's love of manufacturing is misguided
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
By Annie Reuter
An emotional video of a young boy talking about the pain of being bullied has gone viral and many artists including Rihanna, Katy Perry, Snoop Dogg and Cardi B are standing up for him.
Related: Katy Perry, Catholic Church Win $10 Million in Convent Case Lawsuit
“Just out of curiosity, why do they bully?” Keaton Jones, a Tennessee native, asked in the video. “What's the point of it? Why do you find joy in taking innocent people and finding a way to be mean to them? It's not okay.”
He explained that kids make fun of his nose and during lunch they pour milk on him and throw food at him. The video was shot by Jones' mother after she picked him up from school when he told her he was afraid to go to lunch.
After viewing the clip on social media, Katy Perry, Justin Bieber, Cardi B, Snoop Dogg, Hailee Steinfeld, and others provided words of encouragement to Jones.
“#KeatonJones Hero!!! Thank you young KING for inspiring us all who have been in your shoes at any capacity!” wrote Rihanna on social media. “If you have, or currently are going through any form of bullying, my heart and my prayers go out to you! Bullies…y'all corny!”
“This broke my 💔today. Please be kind to one another,” Katy Perry wrote in a caption for Jones' video.
“Say lil Man U gotta friend in me for life hit me on dm so we can chop it up love is the only way to beat hate,” commented Snoop Dogg.
Zedd and Cole Swindell offered tickets to their concerts while Hailee Steinfeld invited Jones to be her guest at the Pitch Perfect 3 premiere.
See the best artists reactions below:
#KeatonJones Hero!!! Thank you young KING for inspiring us all who have been in your shoes at any capacity! If you have, or currently are going through any form of bullying, my heart and my prayers go out to you! Bullies...y'all corny! A post shared by badgalriri (@badgalriri) on Dec 11, 2017 at 4:36am PST
You got a friend in me Lil bro! Hit me on dm and we can chat!!! Love you buddy!! A post shared by Justin Bieber (@justinbieber) on Dec 10, 2017 at 7:47pm PST
This broke my 💔today. Please be kind to one another. #standwithkeaton A post shared by KATY PERRY (@katyperry) on Dec 10, 2017 at 2:56pm PST
Say lil Man U gotta friend in me for life hit me on dm so we can chop it up love is the only way to beat hate 👊🏾☝🏾 A post shared by snoopdogg (@snoopdogg) on Dec 10, 2017 at 7:50am PST
Hi @Lakyn_Jones, could you pass this message along to Keaton? ❤ https://t.co/3l8P4fKAqW —
Hailee Steinfeld (@HaileeSteinfeld) December 10, 2017
buddy next time I make it home to Knox I'm going to walk into that lunchroom with you and watch the bullies say the… twitter.com/i/web/status/9… —
Kelsea Ballerini (@KelseaBallerini) December 10, 2017
I'm so Sad and angry like I'm OD hot 😡😪Please teach your kids not to be bullies .Teach them how to be tough 👊🏽but not too pick on others —
(@iamcardib) December 10, 2017
Hey, @Lakyn_Jones .. bring your brother Keaton by the bus before my show in Knoxville, TN next month if ya want.. w… twitter.com/i/web/status/9… —
Cole Swindell (@coleswindell) December 10, 2017
Stay strong Keaton. Takes a lot of courage to send such an honest message like this to the world. For anyone being… twitter.com/i/web/status/9… —
Brothers Osborne (@brothersosborne) December 11, 2017
Hey Keaton Jones, I'd like to invite you to be my guest at any show of mine of your choice. I'll cover ur flights a… twitter.com/i/web/status/9… —
(@Zedd) December 11, 2017
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Image caption
The partition of British India in 1947 into Hindu-majority India and Muslim-majority Pakistan was marked by one of the largest mass migrations in history and devastating bloodshed across all communities. It left a legacy of distrust between Pakistan and India, and unresolved conflict over Kashmir
Disclaimer
UNCUT Magazine does not store any files. Everything posted on this site is for promotional use only. Files downloaded should be kept for no longer then 24 hours and then deleted. Please support the artists and buy their music. All music and videos are copyrights to the original owners.
Leading digital money transfer service WorldRemit (www.WorldRemit.com) has raised $40m to drive its next phase of global growth, aiming to serve 10 million customers connected to emerging markets. Half of these customers will be in Africa.
As part of the expansion, WorldRemit will enable customers in Africa to transfer money to 148 countries as easily as sending an instant message, using the WorldRemit app. Countries in Africa which now receive remittances through WorldRemit, will become send countries. Most importantly, the new service will make sending money within Africa faster, easier and low cost. According to the World Bank, inter-Africa transfers are amongst the most expensive in the world.
Money transfers to Africa account for more than half of WorldRemit's total volume of transactions. The company currently handles 74% of remittances to popular mobile money services across Africa like MTN, Ecocash, Tigo Pesa, Vodafone M-Pesa and Airtel Money, making it the global leader in mobile-to-mobile international money transfers.
Ismail Ahmed, founder and CEO at WorldRemit, comments: “This new funding will fuel our growth, and help bring our service to millions more customers across the globe. Africa is a crucial market for us and over the next few years, we will expand our services so customers can send and receive with WorldRemit, getting the benefits of our fast, secure online service.”
Since its last funding round in 2015, WorldRemit has launched 206 new services across the globe and has grown its transaction volume by 400%. Last month WorldRemit became Arsenal FC's (www.Arsenal.com) first-ever online money transfer partner.
The Series C round was led by LeapFrog Investments – a dedicated equity investor in emerging markets, supporting fast-growth firms that deliver social impact alongside commercial returns. The round also had significant participation from existing investors Accel and Technology Crossover Ventures (TCV).
This latest funding round follows a Series B investment raised from TCV in 2015 and a Series A from Accel and Project A in 2014 – then one of the largest ever Series A rounds in Europe.
For those of us growing up in Britain in the 1970s, they were dark times. Not metaphorically, but literally. Industrial action by miners led to regular power cuts, so it was homework by candlelight. Rubbish went uncollected. In some cities, even municipal gravediggers left the dead unburied. The notorious Winter of Discontent, as the public sector strikes of 1978-79 came to be known, paved the way for Margaret Thatcher's first election victory, and the privatisation of nationalised industries in the 1980s and 1990s.
Yet the change of ownership from public to private did nothing to solve the challenge of regulating natural monopolies such as electricity and rail, or of constraining market power in industries with economies of scale. The failures of regulation and competition policy over the intervening decades are now all too apparent.
Financial investors have wrung every drop they can out of the water industry rather than reinvesting profits. In spite of a recent Competition and Markets Authority inquiry into the electricity market, even Conservative politicians are proposing price controls. Telecom companies and their regulator Ofcom are at loggerheads. And where there has been competition, as in the airline industry, the collapse of Monarch raises doubts about consumer protection. No wonder that a study by the Legatum Institute reported wide support for the idea that capitalism is in crisis.
Capitalism is not the problem. It is regulatory policy that is in crisis. Renationalisation would not serve the public any better without careful design of incentives and accountability. The experience of the past four decades underlines fundamental challenges.
It is hard to make natural monopoly industries competitive. Even when there are auctions for licences or franchises, bidding companies know far more than the regulator about costs, technological possibilities and demand. As Nobel laureate economist Jean Tirole argues in his new book Economics for the Common Good, asymmetry of information between regulator and provider can never be wholly overcome. This understanding led to the UK's use of fixed price bids for franchises, giving operating companies stronger incentives to be efficient. If a privatised operator misjudged costs or demand, and made less profit than anticipated, tough.
Regulatory independence is more important than ever in febrile times; it is also harder to achieve
The trouble is that regulators and politicians like the idea of business stumping up if things go wrong, but not of them reaping the reward if things go well. The temptation to claw back some of the return by changing the rules is strong — in many sectors there has been almost constant change. No wonder all the businesses concerned employ teams to handle relations with the regulator — which brings the danger of regulatory capture. Some sector regulators are clearly far too lenient with “their” companies.
The current political allure of price caps — whether on electricity in the UK or mobile call charges in the EU — reflects a suspicion that capitalists are doing too well from natural monopoly industries. In some cases the suspicion may be well-founded. But this plays directly into another challenge: if low prices for consumers are enforced at the expense of profits, it will reduce new investment or prevent improvements in service quality. Or companies might simply recoup losses elsewhere. Add in governments' desire to squeeze as much as possible out of auctions for Treasury coffers (or limit the taxpayer subsidy), and in many of the once-nationalised sectors in the UK there has been significant under-investment for years.
Beyond the formerly nationalised sectors, competition and regulatory policies are also in a mess. People do not trust competition to protect consumers, regardless of the benefits it so evidently brings in so many cases. And of course, some regulation is necessary, again because of a fundamental asymmetry of information — nobody would want a free-for-all over technical or safety standards. The market cannot reveal dangerous cost-cutting by unscrupulous companies until it is too late.
Perhaps this explains why when something goes wrong, almost nobody offers more competition as the solution. The result is a Gormenghast-like accumulation of regulations, increasing costs and prices and leading to a less safe or desirable outcome.
Businesses always complain about red tape, of course: not because they object to the aims but because every new headline adds to the burden. In a highly regulated economy, consumers expect nothing bad to happen and are outraged when it does, so a new law is enacted and complacent expectations restored — until the next time.
Is there another way through these dilemmas? Or are we stuck with the worst of all worlds, a lack of effective competition, and regulation that is simultaneously burdensome and counterproductive? Bonfires of red tape never light up, and the public mood seems to rule it out. Regulatory independence is more important than ever, though, in febrile times; it is also harder to achieve. It is clearly time to review the structure of regulation of the once-nationalised network industries.
One approach is to combine all the sector regulators into a single body, with a clear mandate to be tougher. Smart businesses will recognise a tough, rule-based regulator is better than constant political intervention. Regulators also need to be less naive about financial engineering by investors. Economists must work out where on the trade-off between low prices now and investment later each industry ought to be — but above all, to keep making the case for competition where it is possible as well as firm regulation where it is not.
The writer is professor of economics at the University of Manchester
Gain access to global coverage from local journalists on the ground in 50+ countries working around the clock to break news, analyze, spot risks and opportunities.
Join over 300,000 Finance professionals who already subscribe to the FT.
By Andrew Kahn
College basketball fans were treated to some great non-conference matchups to start the season: Duke-Kansas, Carolina-Kentucky, Louisville-Kentucky, to name three. Now it's time for league play. Here are 10 of the best games, listed chronologically, to watch this season.
Note: All stats and records reflect games played through Tuesday, Dec. 27.
Villanova at Butler, Jan. 4
The Wildcats are currently No. 1 in the country and haven't lost since March 12, in the Big East championship. They visit Hinkle on the heels of a trip to Creighton, and neither game will be easy. Butler has already beaten Arizona and Indiana on neutral courts. Nova's Josh Hart, a senior, and Butler junior Kelan Martin are having monster seasons.
Kansas at West Virginia, Jan. 24
Kansas has won 12 straight Big 12 regular season championships, but has lost three straight in Morgantown. “Press Virginia” is in full effect this season: The Mountaineers are forcing turnovers on a ridiculous 35 percent of opponents' possessions, easily the best rate in the country. The Jayhawks have one of the best backcourts in the country in senior Frank Mason III and junior Devonte' Graham.
Kentucky at Florida, Feb. 4
It's Kentucky and everyone else in the SEC, but Florida probably has the best shot among league teams at beating the Wildcats this season (keep in mind South Carolina doesn't get UK at home). The Gators have not passed their bigger tests so far this season but they have balanced scoring—five players average between 9 and 14 points—and have kept opponents from running. If they can force Kentucky into a half-court game, they'll have a chance.
Indiana at Wisconsin, Feb. 5
The Badgers, Boilermakers, and Hoosiers have separated themselves atop the Big Ten in the nonconference (and are currently 14 through 16 in the polls). Indiana and Wisconsin played a one-point game and overtime game in two meetings last year. As is the case for all the games on this list, expect the home crowd to be rocking.
Louisville at Virginia, Feb. 6
The 15-team ACC is chock-full of exciting matchups, and this one certainly qualifies. Neither game between the Cards and Cavs figures to be high scoring—they are ranked 1 and 2 in KenPom's adjusted defensive efficiency—but there's plenty of talent on the court.
North Carolina at Duke, Feb. 9
Hard to imagine this matchup ever not being on a list like this. The game at Cameron gets the edge because of the atmosphere, though the treatment Grayson Allen receives on the road, assuming his suspension is lifted, is worth watching.
Oregon at UCLA, Feb. 9
Oregon's two losses are not bad (at Baylor; Georgetown in Maui) and Dillon Brooks missed the Baylor game and came off the bench for just 13 minutes against Georgetown, his first game back after having offseason foot surgery. If you've forgotten about the Ducks, you'll be reminded of them by the time they play the Bruins for the second time.
Gonzaga at Saint Mary's, Feb. 11
Saint Mary's swept the regular season series last year but lost in the West Coast Conference tournament finals and didn't make the NCAA Tournament. The Gaels can score with anyone, and the Zags have the talent to break through to the Final Four for the first time in program history.
Kansas at Baylor, Feb. 18
Baylor climbed to fourth in the country on the strength of several impressive nonconference wins. The Bears, like West Virginia, could pose a threat to Kansas' Big 12 title streak. Kansas has won eight straight in this matchup, including three head-to-head victories in each of the past two seasons.
Indiana at Purdue, Feb. 28
These two teams play in Bloomington on Feb. 9, but your viewing schedule is already booked that night. This in-state rivalry should not be overlooked, and a meeting this late in the season could have Big Ten title implications.
Andrew Kahn is a regular contributor to CBS Local. He writes about college basketball and other sports at andrewjkahn.com and covers the Michigan basketball team for UMHoops.com. Email him at andrewjkahn@gmail.com and follow him on Twitter at @AndrewKahn
A University of Toledo senior has just one wish before she finishes college, that her sick grandfather will be able to see her graduate. Little did she know, her wish came earlier than expected.
23-year-old Jordan Shanks' grandfather, Jim Shanks, has been her biggest supporter since day one. She calls him her spiritual teacher, her friend, her backbone.
"Being the youngest grandchild I got a little more attention," Jordan said.
But recently, her grandfather has been having more bad days then good ones. He started getting sicker around Christmas time, with 10 percent of his heart left, he suffers from kidney failure.
Jordan's only wish is that he will live to see her graduate.
"I've been saying this since forever," she said.
But on Friday, she got an unexpected surprise. What Jordan thought was a marriage proposal from her boyfriend, turned out to be something even more special, a graduation right at the hospital.
"My sneaky boyfriend just emailed the President of the University of Toledo and, like I said, on Friday she emailed back in 20 minutes," Jordan explained. "She ended up coming on Friday and just surprising me."
80-year-old Jim was able to see his granddaughter all dressed up, cap and gown, with diploma in hand. Jordan says hands down, it was a dream come true for her and of course for her grandfather, too.
"I was elated," Jim described.
Jordan will be the first grandchild in her family to graduate from college. She wants to be a teacher, having already learned from the best.
"She's a smart kid," Jim said.
Follow WTOL:
Download our app here.
Copyright 2018 WTOL. All rights reserved.
Boeing Co warned employees on Monday that it plans another round of involuntary layoffs that will affect hundreds of engineers, according to a source and a memo seen by Reuters.
Continue Reading Below
The layoffs are set to start June 23, and follow a prior involuntary reduction of 245 workers set for May 19, according to the memo from John Hamilton, vice president of engineering at Boeing Commercial Airplanes. Boeing did not immediately respond to requests for comment.
(Reporting by Alwyn Scott; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
Presidency, MDAs to spend N22.4bn on insurance premium this year
By Favour Nnabugwu
The Presidency, ministries of Foreign Affairs, Education and the other Ministries, Departments and Agencies, MDAs, are to spend N22.4 billion on insurance premium this year, according to the 2017 budget.
An analysis of the fiscal document, submitted by President Muhammadu Buhari, to the National Assembly in December, showed that the Federal Government's life insurance has a provision for N15bn, the highest figure for insurance premium.
A breakdown of this amount showed that, while about N22.4bn would be spent on insurance premium, Ministry of Agriculture and its parastatals have earmarked N1.9bn; Federal Government subsidy for farmers through the Nigerian Agricultural Insurance Corporation, NAIC, is N917.7m; National Lottery Trust Fund is N881.4m; Federal Ministry of Foreign Affairs and its missions was allocated N801m; Institute of NigComSat IR and Upgrade got N5979m; Police Formations and Commands, had N304.6m; Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps, NSCDC, insurance premium is NN120.3m and Health, N44.4m.
Similarly, the budget details also indicated that under insurance premium, while the Presidency and parastatals under it have N83.8m; Office of the Secretary of the Government of the Federation, SGF, and its parastatals are to spend N31.2m.
The Ministry of Finance had a budget of N38m for insurance premium while the Debt Management Office, DMO, was allocated N1.5m for the same purpose.
Others are Investment and Security Tribunal, N6.7m; Budget Office of the Federation, N1.07m and Federal Ministry of Labour and Employment, N36.4m.
Also, the Office of the Accountant-General of the Federation has a provision of N15.3m, while the Pension Transitional Arrangement Department has N30.5m budgeted for the same purpose.
Others include: Defence Missions, N371.5m; Nigeria Airforce, N15.3m; Defence Space Agency, N5.7m; Nigerian Navy, N6m and the Nigerian Defence College, N9.3m.
However, the insurance companies in the country will need more than N22.4bn annual insurance premium from government to attain their rightful place in the economic system but structural reforms, re-jigging of their business model, jettisoning their over-dependency on public sector premium could put them in the path of meaningful growth.
Policy applies to all— Kari
The Commissioner of Insurance, Alhaji Mohammed Kari, has insisted that the new policy applies to all insurance holders, be they public or private sector, individuals and organisations.
According to him, “Under the implementation of the provisions of Section 50 (1) of the Insurance Act 2003, “the receipt of insurance premium shall be a condition precedent to a valid contract of insurance and there shall be no cover in respect of an insurance risk unless the premium is paid in advance.
“The policy applies to all. Those who default in payment of premium cannot enjoy claims. It does not work like that. In the past there were issues of people making claims even when they were not up-to-date in their payment of premiums,” he added.
On efforts of the Nigerian Insurers Association, NIA, the Director-General of the association, Mr. Sunday Thomas, said that the Federal Government had promised to follow through with the No Premium, No Cover policy of the industry.
According to Thomas, “Underwriters had a meeting with Federal Government during which the government promised prompt compliance to the No Premium No Cover, NPNC, provision.”
The post Presidency, MDAs to spend N22.4bn on insurance premium this year appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
BEDFORD, KY (WAVE) – Kentucky State Police searched for a suspect wanted in the shooting death of a woman at a doctor's office for nearly seven hours on Tuesday.
Authorities said Timothy Riddle, 45, walked into a Bedford doctor's office and shot and killed his ex-girlfriend, Lora Cable, 38. A family member said Cable had just started a new relationship.
“It was a pretty big shock to us because you know in a small town like this not really stuff like this happens a lot,” Hogan Ritter said.
Police asked for the public's help to find Riddle shortly after the shooting. Several hours later they got the tip they needed.
PREVIOUS STORY: Man accused in doctor's office homicide now in custody
“We received a call from a citizen in Trimble County advising that they were with Timothy Riddle on Sulphur-Bedford Road in Trimble County, saying they were with him in a field a short way off from the road,” Trooper Josh Lawson said.
It's not clear if the citizen initially knew what Riddle was accused of doing.
Police said Riddle did not put up a fight.
“Cooperative,” Trooper Lawson said. “Appeared to be remorseful.”
WATCH: Jobina Fortson's report
The town of Bedford is still in shock. Taylor Heveline described town as a place where everybody knows everybody. Her family's store is up the road from where the shooting happened. They saw Riddle often.
“He was a regular customer here so we had seen him before,” Heveline said.
“It's been a very trying day for everybody involved,” Trooper Lawson said. “We've had people working, not working the investigation, but troopers here at this post who knew of the people that were involved. They knew of the other individuals that were inside the clinic when it happened.”
Although Cable's family declined to speak on camera, they did express their gratitude to everyone who helped search for Riddle.
Copyright 2017 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
Steven Mnuchin sets out Trump administration's softer side
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Graeme McDowell admits he is suffering from the "scar tissue" caused by his recent struggles as he tries to show his kids the form which made him a major champion and Ryder Cup hero.
McDowell became the first European winner of the US Open in 40 years when he won at Pebble Beach in 2010, the same year he secured the winning point in the Ryder Cup at Celtic Manor.
However, the 38-year-old's last victory came back in 2015 and the former world number four starts this week's Dubai Duty Free Irish Open at 175th in the rankings, having dropped outside the top 200 before finishing 12th in May's BMW PGA Championship.
"I'm struggling with confidence," McDowell admitted at Ballyliffin. "It's that little bit of scar tissue that builds up over three or four years of not playing well.
"You play your best golf when you don't care, when you practise really hard and really intensely and you get on the golf course and let it go and you play carefree. It's hard to play carefree when you've had three or four years of not playing well.
"I feel like I'm one result away from having a lot of great results, but I just can't get that one result under the belt.
"The desire's still there but my motivations are different. I'm out here because the legacy that I want to leave in the game, I don't want to go out like this. I'd really like another two or three years at the top of the game.
"I have young kids and I have that visual of having my kids come on to the 72nd green of a tournament (after a win). That's what I want.
"I want to show my kids that I am a great player and don't have to pull out the old DVDs. If they know what a DVD is, my kids. They probably don't. Pull it up on YouTube."
McDowell has recorded just one top 10 in 16 appearances in the Irish Open and needs another in Ballyliffin to have a chance of claiming one of the three qualifying places on offer for the Open Championship at Carnoustie.
But he will at least have his own clubs available after they were delivered to his hotel at 3am on Wednesday morning, having initially been lost in transit from Paris to Manchester, where McDowell had flown in order to contest the 36-hole Open qualifier at St Annes Old Links on Tuesday.
"We established they were in Paris on Monday, but couldn't establish when they were going to get to me," McDowell added.
"I had to withdraw from the Open qualifier on Monday night, much to the world of Twitter's dismay. They couldn't quite understand why I couldn't just go borrow a set of clubs and go shoot 65, 65 and qualify, which I could have done, I suppose.
"The main point was it wasn't my last chance saloon. If it had then of course I would have gone out there and gave it my best shot, but with three spots up for grabs this week and next week in Scotland, I felt like it was going to be an unnecessary risk to take with regards to preparing for this week."
RAMALLAH, West Bank — Two senior Palestinian officials say CIA chief Mike Pompeo secretly held talks in the West Bank with Mahmoud Abbas, the first high-level meeting between the Palestinian leader and a Trump administration official.
The officials said on Wednesday that the meeting took place a day earlier at Abbas' headquarters in Ramallah.
The officials spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak to reporters about the meeting, which had not been announced.
The meeting, described as "warm and positive," came ahead of White House talks later Wednesday between President Donald Trump and Israeli leader Benjamin Netanyahu.
Palestinian officials have expressed concern they might be sidelined by a Trump administration seen as overtly pro-Israel.
Washington had no immediate comment.
'Bloomberg Markets: The Open' Full Show 04/24/2018
Bloomberg Markets: The Open. Jonathan Ferro hosts an hour-long program centered around the Opening Bell on Wall Street. The program showcases the most insightful and interesting Bloomberg charts and graphics, as well as research, commentary and analysis. (Source: Bloomberg)
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: China shakes up 2,000-year-old salt monopoly
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
How To Quell Wanderlust Between TripsFive tips to help cope with the strong desire to get away from it all in advance of your next big trip
5 Best Ski Lodges In The U.S.A look at five of the very best ski lodges in the United States.
Five Must-See Destinations In ParisWithin the 41 square miles of Paris, France there are over 60 main attractions for visitors to discover ranging from Museums, Churches, Monuments and Squares as well as examples of contemporary and traditional architecture. This is far too many sites for the average tourist to attempt to visit during a short stay in the city of lights. Thus a list of the five most famous and must see attractions is in order.
Five Essential Planning Tips For Your European VacationNothing beats traveling abroad. It's educational, invigorating and just plain fun. With the Pound and Euro inching closer to the value of the U.S. Dollar there has never been a better time to explore new lands. In order to get the very best experience out of your trip it is essential that you put a lot of thought and planning in your preparation. The more pre-planning that you do, the fewer hassles during your travels. Here are some basic tips to get you started on your next “Trip of a Lifetime!”
Best Ways To Spend New Years Day With Your Family In MinnesotaIt's tempting to stay in and chill the day after celebrating New Year's Eve. However, if staying at home is not your idea of starting the New Year, there are enough local family activities on New Year's Day.
Gaultier fetes smoking, Saab channels Gaudi in Paris couture
hello
Lebanese designer Elie Saab accepts applause after his Haute Couture Fall-Winter 2018/2019 fashion collection Wednesday, July 4, 2018 in Paris. Associated Press
Models wear creations for Elie Saab Haute Couture Fall-Winter 2018/2019 fashion collection presented Wednesday, July 4, 2018 in Paris. Associated Press
A model wears a creation for Saab Haute Couture Fall-Winter 2018/2019 fashion collection presented Wednesday, July 4, 2018 in Paris. Associated Press
A model wears a creation for Saab Haute Couture Fall-Winter 2018/2019 fashion collection presented Wednesday, July 4, 2018 in Paris. Associated Press
A model wears a creation for Saab Haute Couture Fall-Winter 2018/2019 fashion collection presented Wednesday, July 4, 2018 in Paris. Associated Press
Models wear creations for Elie Saab Haute Couture Fall-Winter 2018/2019 fashion collection presented Wednesday, July 4, 2018 in Paris. Associated Press
Models wear creations for Jean-Paul Gaultier Haute Couture Fall-Winter 2018/2019 fashion collection Wednesday, July 4, 2018 in Paris. Associated Press
French fashion designer Jean-Paul Gaultier accepts applause after his Haute Couture Fall-Winter 2018/2019 fashion collection Wednesday, July 4, 2018 in Paris. Associated Press
A model wears a creation for Jean-Paul Gaultier Haute Couture Fall-Winter 2018/2019 fashion collection Wednesday, July 4, 2018 in Paris. Associated Press
A model wears a creation for Jean-Paul Gaultier Haute Couture Fall-Winter 2018/2019 fashion collection Wednesday, July 4, 2018 in Paris. Associated Press
A model wears a creation for Jean-Paul Gaultier Haute Couture Fall-Winter 2018/2019 fashion collection Wednesday, July 4, 2018 in Paris. Associated Press
A model wears a creation for Jean-Paul Gaultier Haute Couture Fall-Winter 2018/2019 fashion collection Wednesday, July 4, 2018 in Paris. Associated Press
A model wears a creation for Jean-Paul Gaultier Haute Couture Fall-Winter 2018/2019 fashion collection Wednesday, July 4, 2018 in Paris. Associated Press
Models wear creations for Jean-Paul Gaultier Haute Couture Fall-Winter 2018/2019 fashion collection Wednesday, July 4, 2018 in Paris. Associated Press
PARIS -- A tardy Naomi Campbell triggered a dangerous media scrum as she entered Jean-Paul Gaultier's couture ode to smoking in Paris Wednesday.
It raised the heat in the already scorching atmosphere on the final day of Paris fall-winter shows.
Temperatures reached heatwave levels and sweating fashionistas fanned themselves with Gaultier-branded fans.
Here are some highlights of the couture collections.
GAULTIER'S ODE TO SMOKING
It's been banned in public - but smoking evidently has not been outlawed as a source of fashion inspiration.
The unusual homage by Jean-Paul Gaultier to one of the world's dirtiest, and most glamorous, habits made for a typically tongue-in-cheek collection of 73 varied looks.
A black bison tuxedo jacket had the words "Gaultier Smoking" emblazoned on the front.
It was a play on words on the French translation on "tuxedo," which is "le smoking" - and one that continued in myriad black and white deconstructions of tuxedo looks.
A surreal variation on the red Fez hat from Morocco - a country famed for its shisha pipes - also made an appearance. It covered the face, and from eye slits, the red tassels seemed to hang down like tears.
Tulle mouth masks followed white plume boas representing plumes of smoke.
But the final creation - a giant silver bridal veil - was the most creative look. Its shimmering, five-meter (16-foot) train was so diaphanous, it licked the air and evoked rising smoke.
Pedro Almodovar's muse, actress Rossy de Palma, applauded from the front row.
___
ELIE SAAB
Elie Saab took his itinerant couture inspiration to Barcelona this season.
The famed Modernist architecture of Antoni Gaudi - and its organic lines - were the focus of many of the Lebanese designer's gowns.
Oversize rounded shoulders, which were sometimes dramatically raised from the body, were a new silhouette variation on the house's bread-and-butter cinched waist looks.
The industrious Saab couture atelier had got to work to weave the signature crystals, sequins and pearls together to - as the program notes put it - depict "the sinuosity of organic forms."
The swirling stone reliefs of the Musee des Arts Decoratifs venue, inside the Louvre palace, accentuated the clothes' architectural lines.
___
PARIS FASHION GETS TOUGHER ON PRESS
Certain Paris Fashion Week houses pride themselves on careful image control and restrictive press access.
As privately held brands, this is their right - although it can sometimes be excessive and lead to accusations of elitism.
Invitations are sent to carefully selected journalists and buyers, and some houses prefer smaller venues. The system is thought to increase the mystery and cachet of the clothes.
Like Balenciaga, Maison Margiela under John Galliano is one of many with a highly strict policy.
For the second season Maison Margiela extended their media clampdown to all photographic agencies, bar two, sending out a note explaining they would be handling the photography mainly "in-house" for Wednesday's morning show.
The unusual move means that almost all images of the couture are now under the direct control of the Maison Margiela house.
___
Thomas Adamson can be followed at www.twitter.com/ThomasAdamson_K
The US embassy in Cuba has barred Americans from staying at a pair of tourist hotels in Havana, saying that some of the mystery sonic attacks targeting US diplomats took place at the popular hotspots.
The embassy said in a statement that people must stay away from Hotel Nacional and Hotel Capri, effective immediately.
The State Department said a week ago that the attacks have occurred in diplomatic facilities and hotels, but did not specify which ones.
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said then that US tourists should avoid the island altogether.
The department also issued a formal travel warning, and said it was pulling more than half of its diplomatic staff from the island nation and would not issue visas in Cuba until further notice.
The embassy said those affected experienced dizziness, fatigue, headache and other symptoms, and urged anyone experiencing such symptoms should see a doctor.
Police are appealing for witnesses following a break-in at a Hawick business this week.
Thieves forced their way into the property, in High Street, through a rear window between 9.30pm on Tuesday and 8.50am on Wednesday.
They then entered the main restaurant area and stole a cash register containing a two-figure sum of money.
Inquiries are ongoing, and anyone with information is asked to contact police.
Detective constable Elizabeth Miller, of Galashiels CID, said: “The suspects have entered the property through a window that was open on a latch.
“Break-ins such as this put a huge amount of strain on business owners, and we are eager to trace those responsible.
“I would ask that all property owners are vigilant and maintain a high level of personal security, ensuring all doors and windows are closed and locked when the building is unoccupied and money is stored securely.”
The break-in is the latest in a series of similar offences at retail and other business outlets in the town centre over recent weeks.
Charity shops, including the recently-opened Chest, Heart and Stroke Scotland one in High Street, were among those targeted.
Anyone with information on this week's incident is asked to contact Police Scotland on 101, quoting incident number 0729 of October 4, or make an anonymous report through Crimestoppers on 0800 555111.
Police investigate a scene on Gaulbert Ave in connection to the Dixie Hwy and Hill shooting. (Source: Greg Schapker / WAVE 3 News)
The scene at the Walgreens on Dixie Hwy in Louisville's 3rd shooting on Friday. (Source: Greg Schapker / WAVE 3 News)
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) - One person has been shot in the Park Hill neighborhood, according to Metrosafe.
It happened in the 1400 block of Dixie Highway. The victim was found at a nearby Walgreens on Dixie Highway and Hill.
MetroSafe said the call came in at 7:49 p.m..
Police are also investigating the 1700 block of Gaulbert Avenue in connection with the shooting, Metrosafe confirmed.
This was the third shooting in Metro Louisville on Friday.
DOWNLOAD OUR APPS
+ News app: Apple | Android
+ Weather app: Apple | Android
Police and EMS were on the way, officials said.
No other information was immediately available.
This story will be updated.
Copyright 2018 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
Kate Upton and Justin Verlander celebrated the Astros' 2017 World Series in the best way possible: By getting married!
Except up until now, we didn't really have any details. It was just an abstract idea that we couldn't really get excited about. But on Monday, Upton finally shared some pictures of her wedding with Justin Verlander. Needless to say, the whole day looked pretty picturesque:
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
In the world of electric cars, there's a chicken-and-egg problem: More people might buy electric vehicles, or EVs, if they were confident there would always be a charger nearby. And businesses might install more chargers if there were more EVs on the road.
Now, utilities are stepping forward to solve this problem, and not just in California or the Northeast. A $20 million project launched two years ago by investor-owned Kansas City Power & Light, whose service area straddles the Kansas-Missouri border, has turned a Midwestern metropolitan area into one of the fastest-growing electric vehicle markets in the country.
"There's a little movement afoot here in the middle of flyover country," says Chuck Caisley, KCP&L's vice president for marketing and public affairs. "We're awfully excited about the prospect of this kind of transportation, and so we wanted to be catalytic to that."
At a time when Caisley estimates there were only 400 to 500 electric cars in the area, KCP&L announced it would install 1,000 charging stations throughout its service territory of more than 800,000 customers.
The stations are going up at workplaces, in apartment garages, at grocery stores, in city parking lots and malls, and near the baseball and football stadiums. The idea is to allow people to charge their cars as they do their cell phones, plugging in as they go about their daily lives.
For the first couple years, charging at the Clean Charge Network is free — and will remain free until at least this summer.
On a recent day, Sara and Adam Foote parked their car at a charging station in a public garage in Leawood, Kan., while they went for a drink. In the hour or so they spent in the bar, they added about 25 miles of charge to their Nissan Leaf, which they purchased 15 months ago.
"We've adapted our lifestyle, but I'd say that the charging stations — the abundance of them in Kansas City, has definitely made it very easy for us," Sara Foote says.
For KCP&L, this project is about clean energy and clean air, but it's also about selling more electricity without having to build more power plants. Caisley says KCP&L's power grid, which was built to work on hot summer days when air-conditioning use is at a maximum, is underutilized 80 percent of the time. Customers have already paid for the electrical grid and the power plants. A dramatic increase in electricity use would drive down KCP&L's per-unit cost, and could mean lower power bills for its customers.
"When you turn on an additional TV in your home, that's not enough to change that equation," Caisley says. "But when you talk about a segment [the auto industry] that's as much as 25 to 30 percent of the entire economy, and electrifying it, you're talking about a significant amount of increased electricity use, which means we're now using that infrastructure that customers have paid for so much more efficiently."
Caisley adds that the electricity the company is selling is getting cleaner all the time. Fossil fuels generate a declining share of the area's electricity. Nuclear and renewables account for nearly half of it.
"We just happen to sit in the Saudi Arabia equivalent of wind," he says.
KCP&L asked utility regulators in Missouri and Kansas for permission to add a 2- to 3-cent monthly fee to customers' bills to help pay for the installation and maintenance of the charging stations. Missouri regulators have yet to rule. Kansas regulators said no. They said the utility failed to prove a need for such an extensive network of charging stations, and they said KCP&L didn't make a compelling argument for why it should be taking the lead.
"We think KCP&L is certainly free to roll out whatever Clean Car Network program they want. The question becomes whether or not they impose the costs on a captive consumer. Our take on that is, simply not," says David Nickel, consumer counsel with the Kansas Citizens' Utility Ratepayer Board, the state agency that represents the interests of utility customers.
A version of this played out on a much larger scale in California a few years ago. Initial regulatory resistance there gave way to a legislative mandate to provide charging infrastructure.
Despite the Kansas ruling, KCP&L has moved forward with money from its investors. The company has built 850 of the 1,000 charging stations it has planned.
Overseeing this is Larry Kinder, founder and CEO of LilyPad EV. His company sells, installs and maintains charging stations for customers all over the country. KCP&L is his biggest customer by far.
From his home office in Overland Park, Kan., Kinder can monitor the stations his company has sold to see when they're in use and how long they're in use. Here's one measure of their abundance: At about 9 a.m. one weekday, only about 75 cars were charging at those 850 stations. But what Kinder has learned is: If you build it, they will come, and sometimes, very quickly.
Recently, a new charging station was installed outside an office building, and not two minutes after Kinder put it on the network, it was in use.
"Now, that was an employee who was sitting in his office, watching the electrician do the installation. He ran out, moved his electric car, plugged in and charged his car up," Kinder says. "It was wonderful."
Kinder, who has driven EVs since before they were sold commercially, says he's already thinking about what's needed next. For road trips, uninterrupted by long charging stops, there's a need for fast chargers that can add, say, 90 miles of range in a half-hour. Those are much more expensive to install. KCP&L and other companies have begun to invest along highway corridors.
"We're a little beyond Wild, Wild West, but I think not everything's laid out," Kinder says. "This is all still evolving. It will all still be evolving for 10 years, or more."
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Saudi Prince Alwaleed Speaks After His Release
Saudi Prince @Alwaleed_Talal tells @ErikSchatzker what it was like to be held captive by his cousin, Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman. Here's his first interview since being released from a luxury hotel https://bloom.bg/2ppEhoG #tictocnews (Source: Bloomberg)
Days after her daughter Elisabeth came into the world, first-time mom Maria Chamberlain noticed some disconcerting symptoms in her newborn. The baby was gassy, her breath smelled rancid and she had a persistent white coating on her tongue.
“I thought, this can't be normal,” the 27-year-old Jersey City, NJ, resident tells The Post.
Chamberlain, who struggled to breast-feed, suspected an allergy to the formula the hospital had supplied and started trying out different brands.
She tested out Similac, Enfamil and Gerber without seeing any improvement. So she took to the Internet, where she discovered HiPP: a European, organic baby formula produced in Germany, the UK and the Netherlands. As soon as Elisabeth started drinking it, Chamberlain noticed a difference in her digestion and her overall demeanor.
“Ever since we switched, it's been night and day,” Chamberlain, a journalist, says of her now thriving 9-month-old.
‘Ever since we switched, it's been night and day.'
Although she was unable to consult a pediatrician due to health-insurance issues, her daughter's dramatic turnaround convinced Chamberlain that HiPP was superior to the typical American options.
Like wine lovers who sing the praises of French vino and beer connoisseurs who favor German brews, another group of local Europhiles is emerging: parents who will only feed their babies imported formula. Citing benefits such as fewer artificial ingredients and the use of lactose — instead of corn syrup — as a sweetener, discriminating American moms and dads order boxes of HiPP and popular German brand Holle from online distributors.
Like any chic European product, these formulas are pricier than their American counterparts. A 28.2-ounce box of HiPP goes for $43 (including shipping), compared to a similarly sized $26 container of Similac Advance, or the $28 organic Earth's Best. It makes about 35 5-ounce bottles, or a week of food for a baby under 6 months old.
But converts say it's worth it.
“At least four years ago I noticed the pattern starting,” says Dr. TJ Gold, a pediatrician at Tribeca Pediatrics' Park Slope office. “Parents would ask me if I knew anything about Holle. And in the past two years, instead of asking questions, they're just using it.”
Raquelle Steifler, 37, is one such mother. “I'm on a Listserv for parents in Brooklyn, and a lot of them recommend Holle,” the Williamsburg resident tells The Post. So she didn't feel the need to check with a pediatrician before starting her son Lyon, now 11 months old, on the German formula.
Like most Euro-formula fans, Steifler worries about staying well-stocked. Few American sites sell HiPP and Holle, and they're at risk of being shut down by the Food and Drug Administration, which strictly regulates formula domestically. And while it's legal to purchase overseas brands for personal use, the import laws are murky, leading to shipping delays — or worse.
In the Facebook group “Holle and HiPP Formulas,” which currently has more than 5,000 members, moms share horror stories about paying top dollar for formula that arrives past its expiration date. They're also fearful about unwittingly feeding their children bottles mixed from counterfeit powders.
Steifler, a designer, says she sticks to retailers OK'ed by other members of the Brooklyn moms Listserv, and looks for other hallmarks of credibility on the Web sites, such as domestic 1-800 numbers.
Still, she knows it's a gamble. “I throw my hands up in the air and hope I'm buying something good,” she says. “I don't really know how anyone knows for sure.”
Despite the risks and costs, Kristin Sears, 38, is confident that feeding Holle to her 2 ¹/₂-year-old son Lukas for that first year was the right move. “When breast-feeding didn't work out, I got him Enfamil because that's what the pediatricians all recommend,” the Williamsburg resident, whose father is Zone diet founder Dr. Barry Sears, tells The Post. But she stopped using it over concerns she had with some of the ingredients.
While a growing number of moms and dads share her skepticism about the use of certain oils and sweeteners in domestic baby formula, Gold maintains that the popular American brands are perfectly safe and nutritious.
“There are no studies out there saying [HiPP and Holle] are fantastically better products,” Gold says. “And I've been doing this too long to say that, either. I've seen children thrive on Holle — but also on Similac and Enfamil.” (A representative for Enfamil states that there are no artificial flavors or preservatives used in its infant formulas.)
But as Maria Chamberlain points out, nutritional stats aren't the only thing that matters when it comes to feeding your kid — emotions are a big part of it, too.
“Mothers who struggle with breast-feeding tend to feel guilty,” she says. “I know I did. Like, why can't I provide this? So, if I'm able to buy her the best formula available, I want to do it.”
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
A female stunt driver has died on the set of Deadpool 2.
According to Vancouver police, the incident occurred during the filming of a stunt on a motorcycle. Local media reported that the stuntwoman appeared to lose control of her vehicle, which drove off the set and through the window of a building across the street. According to a reporter with local news station CTV Vancouver, the stuntwoman was carried onto an Advanced Life Support ambulance.
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
VantagePoint artificial intelligence trading software forecasts for 9 popular cryptocurrencies
Wesley Chapel, FL (PRUnderground) May 30th, 2018
VantagePoint Software using patented Artificial Intelligence technology to predict stock market trends and trend changes made the official announcement today that it has increased the number of cryptocurrencies that traders can use the software to forecast for, totaling 9 different cryptocurrencies.
At the end of 2017, VantagePoint made the announcement that traders could begin using the software to forecast for cryptocurrencies Bitcoin, Litecoin and Ethereum. Today, VantagePoint released forecasting capabilities for 6 new cryptocurrencies, including Dash, Ethereum Classic, Monero, NEO, Ripple and Zcash, totaling 9 cryptocurrencies.
Cryptocurrencies have gained quite the following over the last couple of years and so it is no surprise that traders were requesting for them to be added into the predictive software. The VantagePoint R&D team is constantly working on adding new markets and indicators to the software, but with exceptionally high internal accuracy standards, they are not released to customers until the artificial intelligence forecasting technology can deliver up to 86% accuracy.
“The high percentage of predictive accuracy delivered by VantagePoint does not come easy. It is the result of the immense funds and efforts that are invested into our research and development. We refuse to release markets to customers until they meet our internal accuracy standards.” said Lane Mendelsohn, President of VantagePoint Software.
As the global markets continue to evolve, so does the VantagePoint Software. In addition to being popular, cryptocurrencies represent an incredibly profitable opportunity for traders to make huge profits with these markets. Today, the cryptocurrency markets are trending down, and VantagePoint can tell traders when they will rebound so that they can reap the profits from the software's ability to predict cryptocurrency trends up to 3 days in advance with up to 86% accuracy.
Cryptocurrencies are notably some of the most volatile markets which can gain and lose value day over day. But with the proven forecasts of VantagePoint, traders can use the insight to turn the volatility into major profits.
A free demo of VantagePoint is available at: https://www.vantagepointsoftware.com/demo or by calling 800-732-5407.
About Market Technologies Headquartered in Wesley Chapel, Fla., Market Technologies, creator of VantagePoint Software, is a pioneer and leader in trading software research and software development. VantagePoint forecasts Stocks, Futures, Forex, ETFs and cryptocurrencies with proven forecasting accuracy of up to 86%. Using artificial intelligence, VantagePoint's patented Neural Network processes predicts changes in market trend direction up to three days in advance, enabling traders to get in and out of trades at optimal times with greater confidence.
Disclaimer: The value of investments can go down as well as up so there is always a risk involved when trading or investing. The news site hosting this press release is not associated with VantagePoint. It is merely publishing a press release announcement submitted by a company, without any stated or implied endorsement of the product or service.
About Market Technologies
Headquartered in Wesley Chapel, Fla., Market Technologies, creators of VantagePoint Software, is a leader in trading software research and software development. VantagePoint forecasts Stocks, Futures, Forex, and ETFs with proven accuracy of up to 86%. Using artificial intelligence, VantagePoint's patented Neural Network processes predicts changes in market trend direction up to three days in advance, enabling traders to get in and out of trades at optimal times with confidence.
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
Marvel(TENNESSEE) — A little boy from Tennessee is getting support from two Avengers and a Jedi among others after his mother posted a heartbreaking video of him talking about being bullied at school.
On Friday, Kimberly Jones posted a video to Facebook of her son, Keaton, tearfully describing being bullied. “They make fun of my nose. They call me ugly. They say I have no friends,” Keaton tells his mother in a car ride home from school after she says he asked to be picked up to avoid the lunchroom.
In response to the video, Avengers star Chris Evans tweeted, “Stay strong, Keaton. Don't let them make you turn cold. I promise it gets better. While those punks at your school are deciding what kind of people they want to be in this world, how would you and your mom like to come to the Avengers premiere in LA next year?
His co-star Mark Ruffalo wrote “Keaton, will you've my guest at the Premiere of #InfinityWar too? I think you are about one of the coolest kids I have ever seen! Can't wait to meet you in person, pal. Forget those ignorant kids. One day, very soon, they are going to feel pretty stupid for this.”
And Luke Skywalker himself, Mark Hamill, wrote, “Keaton-Don't waste time wondering why a bully would be so mean-They're sad people who think hurting others will make them feel better because they really don't like themselves-They're just jealous because you're so smart & handsome Your friend-mh”
Among other stars lending young Keaton support online were Stranger Things‘ Millie Bobby Brown as well as Katy Perry, Snoop Dogg, Hallie Steinfeld, Ryan Seacrest and Terry Crews, among others.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Draft oil spill plan still being developed
– Trotman says T&T to provide assistance
Minister of Natural Resources, Raphael Trotman has assured that a comprehensive oil spill response plan is being developed through Civil Defence Commission (CDC), which has been identified as the lead agency.
Trotman made the disclosure yesterday at a public lecture on oil spill response hosted by the Ministry of Natural Resources in collaboration with the Guyana Oil and Gas Energy Chamber (GOGEC) and U.S Oil giant ExxonMobil at the Queen's College.
According to the Minister, the CDC is being supported by the Ministry of Natural Resources and the Guyana Geologies and Mines Commission (GGMC).
“The training sessions have started and there is a draft plan, but we are two years away from production and so we are constantly revising and updating that plan,” Trotman told the audience.
He noted that in the early period of oil extraction, Government may not have the income to respond, but with oil revenues from the first year, the response will be nationally. In the meantime, Guyana is working with the Caribbean Disaster Emergency Management Agency (CEDEMA) and has enlisted support of Trinidad and Tobago through a draft agreement.
The Minister also assured that ExxonMobil, which is getting ready to extract oil in 2020, is required to pay into the environment trust fund that is intended to take care of not only accidents, but to enhance other aspects of protection of our environment.
Although the forum was called to discuss the response to oil spills, the draft plan for Guyana was not shared with attendees. Instead, one of the presenters, Thomas Tomblin, ExxonMobil Oil Spill Response Advisor, sought to assure residents that generally the company's response to oil spills has been good.
“I have been around the world twice. I have been to a lot of places. There is no place I've been to that's anymore prepared than ExxonMobil here in Guyana. We are prepared,” Tomblin stated.
He also focused on the company's preventative measures, noting that the incident that occurred in Alaska has shaped a new operations integrity management system approach where workers are held accountable.
“Every place we have been in the world we do things the right way,” he stated.
Exxon has faced challenges globally. The company has faced accusations of not honouring its commitments.
There is the infamous Exxon Valdez oil spill which occurred in Alaska on March 24, 1989. The Valdez, an oil tanker, owned by Exxon Shipping Company, was bound for Long Beach, California. On its journey, it struck the Prince William Sound's Bligh Reef and spilled 10.8 million gallons of crude oil for several days.
Given its effects, it is considered to be one of the most devastating human-caused environmental disasters. But more than 20 years later, many questions whether ExxonMobil actually learned anything from the great Valdez mistake.
On May 1, 2010, a ruptured ExxonMobil pipeline in the state of Akwa Ibom, Nigeria, spilled more than a million gallons of oil into the delta. The leakage contaminated waters and coastal settlements in the predominantly fishing communities along Akwa Ibom.
Importantly, Nigeria's authorities flagged ExxonMobil for its response to the oil spill as it sought to use certain chemicals which were proven to be toxic to human and marine life.
Even as early as February of this year, ExxonMobil found itself under investigation after Australian regulators discovered that there was an oily sheen around ExxonMobil's rig in the Bass Strait of Australia.
The findings of the investigation revealed that it was indeed an oil spill caused by ExxonMobil and worse yet; its failure to properly respond increased the risk of contamination and posed a “significant threat to the environment'.
13 ways to make your inbound marketing stand out
Experts in content creation and digital strategy discuss the best methods and channels to attract new customers.
Converting leads and contacts into customers continues to be the top marketing priority for many companies, according to HubSpot research. And organizations that focus on inbound – e.g. using content marketing, social media and SEO to attract customers -- (vs. outbound) marketing are more likely to be effective.
Here are 13 things your business can do to make your inbound marketing efforts more effective – and convert more prospects into customers.
1. Know who your target audience is – and where they get their information
“You must define your audience before you even get started, creating the fundamental inbound marketing ‘buyer persona,'” says Ryan Malone, founder & CEO, SmartBug Media. Personas should factor in demographics – gender, age, education, location – and include things like the customer's likes and dislikes, where they shop, where they work and who they buy for (family, friends, coworkers).
Once you've identified and defined your ideal customer, use that buyer persona to guide your strategy, “from the keywords [you] choose, to the website experience, the blogs you write to the social media sites you use for promotion,” he says. “Many organizations mistakenly try to be everything to everyone; however, to truly see inbound success, you must focus on attracting the right audience first and foremost."
2. Plan ahead
“SMBs need to look at the big picture and strategically plan content long term,” says Jamie Domenici, vice president of SMB marketing, Salesforce. “This allows your business to capitalize on… seasons, holidays or events [that are relevant to your business and target audience].” For example, Valentine's Day is a holiday no florist, chocolatier or jeweler would want to miss. And “having an editorial calendar ensures the business can prepare interesting and insightful content well in advance.”
3. Develop an SEO strategy
“Search optimized blogging is one of the best ways for small and medium sized businesses to improve inbound marketing,” says Lauren Fairbanks, CEO, S/G Content Marketing. Just “make sure you focus on the right keywords that match your customer's pain points and work on creating content around those.”
“The best (and free) place to start with this is Google Ads Keyword [Planner],” says Amy Nedoss, marketing strategy director at SocialRaise. “Find low-competition and high-volume search terms. Then align your content with [them]. That way the content is highly targeted and has a better chance of being found [by your target audience].”
“Another trick to improve SEO is to revive your old content,” says Tim Jernigan, marketing analyst, Badger Maps. “If your existing posts don't receive traffic anymore, you can revamp them with infographics [or] images. You can even combine a few blogs to make a PDF guide [or white paper] and post [with a new title].”
1 2 3 4 Next Page
Welcome to FTW Explains, a guide to catching up on and better understanding stuff going on in the world. You may have seen the #PortaPottyChallenge on social media and wondered what that's all about. We're here to help. Let us explain.
Wait, The Porta Potty Challenge?????
Yeah, I know.
Okay, I'm ready. I think.
The #PortaPottyChallenge is pretty simple: Find a portable toilet and see how many people you can fit in there. Then, you let everyone out and count them up.
Gross!
That's how I feel.
Who's doing this?
It looks like running teams!
2️⃣1️⃣ Are you serious?! 😱 We hope it was clean 😂 @EdinaXCGirls pic.twitter.com/rTy0EBRrU0 — MileSplit US (@milesplit) September 27, 2017
Are there any variations on this weird meme?
Sort of?
When you're trying to do the #portapottychallenge but no one else on your team is down…👎 😂 Credit: @cslate02 / Twitter pic.twitter.com/Jwym7km0lt — MileSplit US (@milesplit) October 3, 2017
Why are they doing this?
I wish I had the answer to that question.
(Thanks to SI.com for sharing.)
CHARLOTTESVILLE, Va. — The driver charged with killing a woman at a white nationalist rally in Charlottesville was previously accused of beating his mother and threatening her with a knife, according to police records released Monday.
Authorities say 20-year-old James Alex Fields Jr. rammed his car into a crowd of counter-protesters on Saturday in Charlottesville, killing 32-year-old Heather Heyer.
The records from the Florence Police Department in Kentucky show the man's mother had called police in 2011. Fields' mother, Samantha Bloom, told police he stood behind her wielding a 12-inch knife. Bloom is disabled and uses a wheelchair.
In another incident in 2010, Bloom said that Fields smacked her in the head and locked her in the bathroom after she told him to stop playing video games. Bloom told officers Fields was on medication to control his temper.
Related: Mother of Charlottesville Suspect Says She Thought Rally Was Just About Trump
Earlier Monday, Fields was denied bond after the public defender's office said it couldn't represent him because a relative of someone in the office was injured in Saturday's protest. The judge was forced to find a local attorney to fill in, Charles Weber, who did not immediately respond to phone messages. No one answered the door at his office Monday.
Fields was not present in the courtroom but appeared via video monitor dressed in a black-and-white striped uniform. Seated, he answered questions from the judge with simple responses of “Yes, sir” when asked if he understood what was being explained to him. Fields also replied “No, sir” when asked if he had ties to the community of Charlottesville.
Judge Robert Downer set an Aug. 25 hearing for Fields, who has been charged with second-degree murder and other counts.
Fields was fascinated with Nazism, idolized Adolf Hitler, and had been singled out in the 9th grade by officials at the Randall K. Cooper high school in Union, Kentucky, for his “deeply held, radical” convictions on race, his former high school teacher Derek Weimer said Sunday.
Keegan McGrath, 18, who said he was roommates with Fields on a class trip to Europe in 2015, said Fields referred to Germany as “the Fatherland,” had no interest in being in France, and refused to interact with the French.
“He just really laid on about the French being lower than us and inferior to us,” McGrath told the AP on Monday.
McGrath challenged Fields on his beliefs, and the animosity between them grew so heated that it came to a boil at dinner on their second day. He said he went home after three or four days because he said he couldn't handle being in a room with Fields.
The incident shocked McGrath because he had been in German class with Fields for two unremarkable years.
“He was just a normal dude” most of the time, although he occasionally made “dark” jokes that put his class on edge, including one “off-hand joke” about the Holocaust, McGrath said.
Related: Assaults Still Being Reported Following Deadly Weekend Rally, Charlottesville Police Say
McGrath said that Fields wasn't ostracized and doesn't believe Fields deserves sympathy.
“He had friends, he had people who would chat with him, it wasn't like he was an outcast.”
Weimer described Fields as an “average” student, but with a keen interest in military history, Hitler, and Nazi Germany.
“Once you talked to James for a while, you would start to see that sympathy toward Nazism, that idolization of Hitler, that belief in white supremacy,” Weimer said. “It would start to creep out.”
Fields also confided that he had been diagnosed with schizophrenia when he was younger and had been prescribed an anti-psychotic medication, Weimer said.
The violence in Charlottesville also was blamed for the deaths of two Virginia State Police officers who were killed when a helicopter crashed during the large-scale police response.
Related: Charlottesville Suspect James Alex Fields Jr. Denied Bond at First Court Appearance
Fields had been photographed hours before the attack with a shield bearing the emblem of Vanguard America, one of the hate groups that took part in the “take America back” campaign to protest the removal of a Confederate statue. The group on Sunday denied any association with the suspect.
Meanwhile, a message posted Saturday night on a leading neo-Nazi website called The Daily Stormer promised future events that would be “bigger than Charlottesville.”
The mayor of Charlottesville, political leaders of all political stripes, and activists and community organizers around the country planned rallies, vigils and education campaigns to combat the hate groups. They also urged President Donald Trump to forcefully denounce the organizations, some of which specifically cited Trump's election after a campaign of racially charged rhetoric as validation of their beliefs. Attorney General Jeff Sessions announced late Saturday that federal authorities would pursue a civil rights investigation into the circumstances surrounding the crash.
Weimer said Fields left school for a while, and when he came back he was quieter about politics until his senior year, when politicians started to declare their candidacy for the 2016 presidential race. Weimer said Fields was a big Trump supporter because of what he believed to be Trump's views on race. Trump's proposal to build a border wall with Mexico was particularly appealing to Fields, Weimer said. Fields also admired the Confederacy for its military prowess, he said, though they never spoke about slavery.
As a senior, Fields wanted to become a tank commander in the Army. Weimer, a former officer in the Ohio National Guard, guided him through the process of applying, he said, believing that the military would expose Fields to people of different races and backgrounds and help dispel his white supremacist views. But Fields was ultimately turned down, which was a big blow, Weimer said. Weimer said he lost contact with Fields after he graduated and was surprised to hear reports that Fields had enlisted in the Army.
Army spokeswoman Lt. Col. Jennifer Johnson said Fields reported for basic military training in August 2015, but was released from active duty four months later “due to a failure to meet training standards.”
This story has been edited to clarify who participated in the white nationalist rally and who posted the message promising future events.
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
TAMPA, Fla. (AP) — Steven Stamkos set up the go-ahead goal in his return from a right knee injury and the Tampa Bay Lightning beat the Florida Panthers 5-3 on Friday night in the season opener for both teams.
Stamkos missed the final 65 games last season with a torn meniscus in the knee, an injury that required surgery. He sent a pass from the left circle through the slot to Vladislav Namestnikov, who put Tampa Bay up 3-2 from near the post 59 seconds into the final period during a power play.
Roberto Luongo turned aside Stamkos' shot from the slot late in the second.
Ondrej Palat had two goals, and Brayden Point and Nikita Kucherov also scored for the Lightning. Andrei Vasilevskiy made 33 saves.
Florida got goals from Connor Brickley Mark Pysyk and Jonathan Huberdeau, and Luongo stopped 20 shots. New Panthers Bob Boughner took the loss in his NHL coaching debut.
Kucherov extended the Tampa Bay advantage to 4-2 at 6:38 of the third.
Huberdeau cut it to 4-3 with 5 1/2 minutes to play, but Palat secured Tampa Bay's win with a late empty-netter.
Shortly after Vasilevskiy made an in-close save on Aleksander Barkov, Palat opened the scoring on a backhander at 6:33 of the first.
Point made it 2-0 25 seconds into the second.
Brickley, positioned just outside the crease, pulled Florida to 2-1 midway through the second off a nifty pass by Alex Petrovic.
The Panthers tied it at 2 on Pysyk's goal with 2:13 left in the second.
Lightning right wing Ryan Callahan, who missed 64 games last season because of a hip injury, also was in the lineup.
NOTES: Tampa Bay D Jake Dotchin, limited to one preseason game after violating an undisclosed team rule, was scratched. … Florida RW Owen Tippett, taken 10th overall in this year's draft, didn't play. The move allows the 18-year old additional time to prepare for his NHL debut, which should come in the near future. … There were six slashing penalties. The NHL is cracking down this season on that infraction.
UP NEXT
The teams meet again Saturday night in the Panthers' home opener.
(© Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
The victims in the Toronto van attack were "predominantly female," officials said Tuesday, adding that the suspect had posted a "cryptic" Facebook message supporting violence against women just before he drove into the crowded sidewalk.
Detective Sergeant Graham Gibson of Toronto police's homicide division said Tuesday that the victims also ranged from mid-20s to early 80s.
Ten people were killed and 14 people were injured in the attack. The suspect, identified by police as 25-year-old Alek Minassian, has been charged with 10 counts of murder. However, Gibson said he could not discuss a possible motive citing the ongoing investigation.
Gibson referenced the "cryptic" Facebook post that went up shortly before the rented van veered into crowds of pedestrians near Yonge Street and Finch Avenue at 1.30p.m. on Monday:
"Private (Recruit) Minassian Infantry 00010, wishing to speak to Sgt. 4chan please. C23249161. The Incel Rebellion has already begun! We will overthrow all the Chads and Stacys! All hail the Supreme Gentleman Elliot Rodger!”"
The post references the "Incel Rebellion," with "Incel" meaning "involuntary celibate," or slang from an online community who hate women and advocate for sexual violence against them as revenge for them not wanting to have sex. The post also mentioned Elliot Rodger, who killed six people in 2014 near the University of California at Santa Barbara, out of a hatred of women and those who had rejected him.
Gibson did not go into the meaning of the message, but noted it had received a lot of media attention since yesterday and "it's something we will take into account in this investigation in the coming weeks."
The names of the victims also will not be released until the coroner's office has been able to identify them through dental, DNA, or fingerprint records, officials added, although at least one identity had been confirmed publicly.
Families of those believed to have died have been contacted and are helping authorities with the identification process.
"It's a horrible tragedy and hopefully one we'll never have to repeat," said Chief coroner for Ontario Dr Dirk Huyer.
Gunmen with assault rifles and hand grenades attempted to storm the Afghan Interior Ministry in Kabul on Wednesday.
A car bomb exploded at the entrance and several of the gunmen were able to run inside the compound and exchange fire with members of the security forces according to a senior police official.
A ministry spokesman confirmed the attack was carried out by a group of ten militants. At least one police officer was killed and further five wounded.
Officials said the attackers had been unable to breach key buildings since they are located far from the main gate.
Islamic State militants said they were behind the attack, the latest in a series of violent incidents in Kabul this year that have claimed many lives.
Virat Kholi
Bollywood actor and producer Anushka Sharma finally tied the knot with Indian Cricket team captain Virat Kohli on 11th Dec. The wedding, that took place in Italy and was performed as per Hindu rituals.
Anushka looked gorgeous as Sabyasachi bride and Virat stole the hearts with his dapper attire on their special day. We bring to you some inside pictures from their fairty tale wedding, which will definitely put a smile on your face.
Match Made In Heaven Anushka Sharma shared the wedding news with her fans by posting, ''Today we have promised each other to be bound in love forever. We are truly blessed to share the news with you. This beautiful day will be made more special with the love and support of our family of fans & well wishers. Thank you for being such an important part of our journey.'' Only Family Members & Close Friends Were Invited According to a statement released on behalf of the couple, the wedding was attended by close family and a few close friends as they wished their wedding to be a very private affair. A Beautiful Destination Wedding Virat and Anushka, both 29, married according to Hindu rites at a countryside resort in Tuscany. A Grand Reception As per ANI, the couple will be hosting a reception in New Delhi for their relatives on December 21, followed by a reception for industry friends and cricketers in Mumbai on December 26. Virat Spent Three Months To Get A Perfect Ring For Anushka A source told Bollywood Life, "He's picked a very rare diamond ring for Anushka that has been specially crafted by an ace designer from Austria.'' More Details.. ''The design is unimaginably beautiful and reflects surprising elements, every time you see it from different angles.'' The Cost Of The Ring Will Make Your Jaw Drop ''It costs about Rs 1 crore but it's totally worth the money because whoever will see it, definitely wouldn't be able to take their eyes off it." Their Future Plans Their spokesperson revealed, "They will be shifting to their new residence in Worli (Mumbai) in December. We're extremely grateful to media for their support and understanding in making this special occasion a memorable one and thank them for their continued love and support." Those Who Don't Know Anushka Sharma and Virat Kohli met while filming a commercial in 2013.
Also Read: Anushka Sharma & Virat Kohli's WEDDING! Bollywood Stars Wish The NEWLYWEDS
Keith Carradine has had a storied career in Hollywood. The longtime actor and musician won an Oscar for his song “I'm Easy” from the 1976 movie Nashville worked alongside stars such as Harrison Ford and Daniel Craig and is going into his fourth season as President Conrad Dalton on the CBS hit political drama Madam Secretary. Carradine has been a part of many great TV shows and movies, but he says nothing compares to his experience on Madam Secretary
“Tea Leoni is the best of the best, she sets the tone for everyone,” Carradine told CBS Local. “I'm so happy to come to work and do the work. The work gets done efficiently, but joyfully. We are presenting political people and public servants in a light that we would like to see things be.”
Carradine's ties with CBS run deep, as he's also been a recurring character on The Big Bang Theory, where he plays Penny Hofstadter's father Wyatt. While the Oscar winner is not known his comedic background, the writers of the show have ensured that Carradine leaves the audience laughing.
“Big Bang Theory is one of the best formats imaginable for an actor.” “I love to do comedy. It's not necessarily what I'm known for, but when you walk into that environment they are going to make you funny.”
Carradine was always destined for the screen as both his father and his brother were in the business. While the co-star of ‘Madam Secretary,' has a long list of credits, he knows winning an Oscar will always define him.
“It was an amazing moment, it was kind of an out-of-body experience to be told I had won and be handed that statue by Angie Dickinson and Burt Bacharach. Angie and I have remained friends ever since. It was extraordinary and unexpected.”
Catch Keith as President Dalton in the Season 4 premiere of Madam Secretary Sunday, October 8th at 10pm eastern.
When a wildfire is approaching, can you make changes to your current auto insurance policy?
The answer is yes but on Monday, the California's State Insurance Commissioner said some insurers are illegally imposing a ban on writing or adjusting existing policies for consumers in areas where fires are burning across California.
According to industry experts, comprehensive auto insurance is what covers your vehicle in the case of a fire, not your homeowner's insurance. This could lead to consumers upgrading their auto insurance policies when fires are threatening their homes.
On Monday, the California Department of Insurance said their office has received reports from consumers and insurers that several insurance companies have imposed or are imposing a moratorium on writing or adjusting existing policies in areas of California where fires are burning.
According to California's Insurance Code, this practice is illegal as insurers must offer policies and coverage options to all drivers who qualify with good driving records.
The Department of Insurance said any insurance restrictions in place must be stopped by insurers, otherwise, companies will face fines and penalties for violating state law.
If you experienced an insurer denying changes or adjustments to your policy in light of a fire burning or threatening your area, the State Insurance Commissioner's office wants to hear from you.
To file a complaint, click here.
It isn't quite Golf's Longest Day, where upwards of 70 people play their way into the U.S. Open via a dozen Sectional Qualifying sites. Still, 12 spots at this month's Open Championship were on the line on Tuesday at four different sites in the U.K. in what's dubbed by the R&A as Final Qualifying.
The most notable golfer to grab a tee time at Carnoustie: two-time U.S. Open champion Retief Goosen. The 49-year-old South African shot rounds of 71-72 in windy conditions at Prince's in Kent, England. With a bogey on his last hole, after birdies on his 34th and 35th, Goosen was nervous he might have cost himself the chance to play in his first Open since 2015 and the 19th of his career. But it turned out he was safely in.
“I am glad it played tough today, as I play better when it is difficult,” said Goosen, who has six top-10 Open finishes, including a T-5 in 2005 and 2009. “I drove the ball well, and my long putting in the wind was good. This will be my last Open as a regular tour player—next year I'll be with the seniors—but I'm looking forward to it. Carnoustie is always tough but I'm sure it will be in great condition.”
Also advancing out of Prince's was England's Tom Lewis. In 2011, the then 20-year-old earned low amateur honors at Royal St. George's with a T-30 showing. Shortly after he turned pro and was expected to make a big splash as a former British Boys' champion. Carnoustie, however, will be Lewis' first Open as a professional.
“I have been thinking about the Open for the last seven years,” said Lewis, who birdied four of his final eight holes to cap off a 72-68 performance. “I haven't played since I was the leading amateur in 2011 at Royal St George's and that's why I came to qualify at Prince's—this part of the world has been good to me. I've been close at Hillside the last few years but managed to mess up but I didn't mess up today.”
Lewis also earned a spot in the field at the U.S. Open last month via sectional qualifying, but missed the cut at Shinnecock Hills.
RELATED: Graeme McDowell drops out of Final Qualifying after his clubs are lost by airline
Here is the complete list of players who advanced via Final Qualifying (20 players competing for three spots at each site):
Prince's
Tom Lewis, England, 72-68
Haraldur Magnus, Iceland, 72-70
Retief Goosen, South Africa, 71-72
Notts (Hollinwell)
Ashton Turner, England, 72-66
Oliver Wilson, England, 72-69
Rhys Enoch, Wales, 72-70
St. Annes Old Links
James Robinson, England, 67-65
Marcus Armitage, England, 65-69
Jack Senior, England, 68-66
The Renaissance Club
Sam Locke (a), Scotland, 69-66
Grant Forrest, Scotland, 67-69
Thomas Curtis, England, 68-69
Introducing Golf Digest All Access, a new way to improve
WATCH: GOLF DIGEST VIDEOS
Heineken posts improved profit margins but warns on currencies
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Please refer to this article: http://www.bbc.com/news/business-40921600: entitled, "Merck chief Ken Frazier resigns from Trump council".
You will read:
Mr Frazier said: "I feel a responsibility to take a stand against intolerance and extremism."
"America's leaders must honour our fundamental views by clearly rejecting expressions of hatred, bigotry and group supremacy, which run counter to the American ideal that all people are created equal."
And let us now read what is the alleged immature response given to Mr. Frazier:
"Now that Ken Frazier of Merck Pharma has resigned from President's Manufacturing Council,he will have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 14, 2017"\
I personally find it troubling that such a statement allegedly coming from the leader of our country would be so callous and indifferent to the victims of racist/terrorism. To dismiss and redirect the topic to something else shows the immaturity to directly address a serious issue of a destructive poison that has tainted the history of this country. This poison is still running through the veins of this country today.
Instead of running ahead of the threat of racist terrorism we see an indifference and turning of heads in the other direction that has again allowed the killing of yet another innocent American and leading to the injuries of many other innocent Americans.
Perhaps, our leaders will take these events as harbingers from a higher power that is screaming to them to now "Get ahead of the problem of your racist terrorism" and put an end to the groups that promote this violence, hate and divide among the American People.
Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd. has launched new premium TV model series QLED TV 2017 aimed at changing and taking the TV market in Ghana to the next level of innovation.
The new QLED TV among other things delivers the best picture quality as a result of the new metal Quantum Dot material and enhances one's living space with added lifestyle values.
It brings all shades of colours to life with its bright light found in nature and the new metal Quantum Dot material allows the TV to produce accurate colours no matter how bright the TV is. Also it reaches a full 100% colour volume expressing up to one billion colours.
Again, it features a harmonious style and a refined design that truly depicts a next generation display which is perfected with added cable management.
At a ceremony to unveil the QLED TV, the Managing Director of Samsung Ghana Jingak Chung said the new TV perfectly fits into Ghana's space of completing the digital migration. The product enables Internet of Things (IoT) thus easy to connect with all devices making up the IoT.
According to him, the QLED TV is the best TV now in the industry and presents the Ghanaian consumer an opportunity to enjoy watching television in a more comfortable way in terms of viewing, easy adjustment and invisible connection with no gap wall-mount solution.
“Samsung products have been globally recognized for innovation and design. Our TVs have been number one globally for 10 consecutive years. We want all our customers to feel confident, excited, and inspired every time they use Samsung products,” Mr Chung added.
The TV is SMART which allows consumers to enjoy additional content from Netflix, YouTube, Showmax, Zip TV, Facebook videos, among other content providers.
It can also use SMART view on mobile device to view mobile content on the QLED TV's large screen and from the TV to the mobile device.
“Samsung recognizes that using multiple remotes can be a major headache but the QLED TV allows you to control connected media devices with just one remote,” he further noted.
RANDY HUGG "The Morning Mix," 6AM-10AM. Local news twice an hour, Hollywood Dirt at 6:30 & 9:30, Music News at 9:10.
The C programming language is hard to learn, its popularity is waning and demand is shifting. Is there any point in learning C?
Take a look at the TIOBE Programming Community Index — an indicator of the popularity of programming languages — and you'll see that Google's Go and, to a lesser extent, Dart and Perl are trending up. The venerable C, however, is a language whose popularity is plummeting, according to the index.
In a world where there is huge demand for mobile and web applications coded in higher-level languages that are easy to learn and debug and difficult to make mistakes in — at least compared to C — one might assume there's no reason to bother with a low-level language that's going out of fashion.
Does this mean that C isn't worth learning? The answer isn't quite that simple.
Demand dynamics
C is a fundamental language that is still in use in the IT industry. But that may change, says Mark Driver, a research analyst at Gartner. "They [C and C++] are the native tongue for system-level programming, and they probably will be for many years. Eventually, though, languages like Google Go or D may replace them."
"We see almost no demand for C or C++ among our IT centric clients," says Driver. "What we see is Java and other managed code languages being used," he says. "C doesn't allow you to address many modern architectural best practices, and the rise of languages such as Java and C# has been largely to address this."
But Driver says there's one rapidly growing area where there is likely to a BS a huge demand for programmers with skills in C: the internet of things (IoT). He says that the rise of IoT could lead to a huge revival in the need for small footprint codebases and runtimes. "For traditional workloads there is no need to be counting the bytes like there used to be. But when it comes to IoT applications there is that need once again. So we may well see a resurgence in demand for C skills."
To C or not to C?
In the many forum threads on this topic, one popular argument in favor of learning C is that it is a little like learning Latin — you may never need to use it, but it makes other languages quicker to learn and easier to master.
Azriel Fasten, a software developer who also gives lessons in JavaScript, says this about learning C to make it easier to pick up other languages: "I think learning C for that purpose is a bit like taking a liberal arts degree. Does a history degree help you? Yes, it helps you. Does learning C? Yes."
Does that mean that C is the language someone considering a move into software development should start with? Fasten doesn't think so. His view is that students' time is better spent learning fundamental programming skills like developing algorithms or solving problems than tracking down bugs, which is likely to be necessary in C. "C is very error-prone, which can also cause security problems," he points out. "Other languages cut out 80 percent of the errors you would be likely to make in C."
Fasten also points out that people who take up programming without taking a full computer science degree often look for work in the web or mobile app development fields, where C is irrelevant. (That's because if an application is doing a significant amount of I/O — like a web app will — then the application will be waiting for the network for much of the time and the benefits of programming in C would be lost. It's only high-performance applications, such as data processing, along with low-level code, such as operating system kernels and drivers, that really need to be in a language like C.)
One person who has no doubt that C has made him a better programmer is Miguel Marales, a former AT&T, HPE and Cisco software engineer who is currently enrolled in online learning company Udacity's Self Driving Car Nano degree using C and C++. "Indirectly, a knowledge of C has made me a better programmer," he says. "Understanding how the machine works, how it uses registers to hold data, how the allocation of memory works, gives you an extra edge even when you are not using C. You become more responsible when creating variables, try to use the best algorithm available for a task, and use the 'continue' and 'break' commands to avoid executing unnecessary statements. And sure, modern languages have great optimizations features, but the point is that the extra responsibility you are granted gives you an edge in writing quality code."
Perhaps the most common view encountered when researching this article is that C is a language that's still worth learning, but only as a second or third language. That way you can get coding (and earning a living) relatively quickly, and then build a deeper understanding later. That's certainly the view of Raymond Phan, a computer vision engineer at Zebra Technologies.
"Some of the concepts of C are quite intimidating, so it is better to get a grounding in the fundamentals in a higher level language and then do a deep dive into C if you want to do high-performance programming," Phan says. "But otherwise I would just stick with high-level languages."
What about the idea that learning C makes learning other languages easier and makes you a better programmer? Phan has mixed feelings. "You are not going to be learning about memory management if you don't learn C, so I guess that learning C does give you an appreciation of what is going on 'under the hood' in a system. C can help with that, but when you go further with C it could just get confusing."
One final point: Could having a knowledge of C on your resume make it easier to get a job — even if the job doesn't require it? Does C make you more employable?
"I think C is a benefit to have on your resume as it is hard, but you would still be evaluated on your relevant skills. So it would be a bonus, but not a deciding factor," says Phan.
Gartner's Mark Driver agrees. "The trial-by-fire of learning C tends to weed out the noncommitted, so a knowledge of C at the very least makes you stand out," he says.
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
Want More News Like This?
CAPA Membership gives you access to all news and analysis on the site, along with access to many areas of our comprehensive databases and toolsets.
No government is better than a bad government, for some investors.
Almost two months after national elections, Italian political leaders have reached an impasse in their attempts to form a government. And yet, the country's benchmark stock index closed at the highest in more than eight years on Tuesday as rising corporate profits support an improving economic scenario.
The FTSE MIB rose 0.2 percent to 24,035.49 on Tuesday, the highest since Oct. 21, 2009, taking its advance this year to 10 percent, the best performance among major European markets.
“Investors are unconcerned about the political impasse: better to stay without a government than having one led by questionable figures,” said Lorenzo Batacchi, portfolio manager at BPER Banca. “I expect Italy will continue to rise more than the European market this year, even though the outperformance versus Europe starts being a bit too wide.”
In the latest attempt, President Sergio Mattarella on Monday asked Roberto Fico, speaker of the lower house, to seek a compromise between the anti-establishment Five-Star Movement and the center-left Democratic Party, after Five Star failed to reach a deal with a center-right alliance.
Scenarios with either Silvio Berlusconi's Forza Italia or the Democratic Party in a coalition with populist parties have also helped investors' complacency. Italy's economy, the euro region's third-biggest, expanded last year at the fastest pace since 2010. Still, almost two months after the elections, the political gridlock is adding to concern over the economic outlook after recent signs of a possible slowdown.
Catching Up
Italian stocks have been catching up with the rest of Europe since last year, also outperforming in 2017. Banks led the rally as the country's lenders successfully started the process of disposing non-performing loans. UniCredit SpA and Intesa Sanpaolo SpA, Italy's biggest banks, rose 17 percent and 15 percent this year, respectively. Stocks traded in Milan also remain among the cheapest in major European markets, with the FTSE MIB trading at about 13 times expected earnings in the next 12 months.
Signs of a potential macro slowdown in Europe seem to be temporary rather than structural, Batacchi said. “The euro/dollar exchange rate is the next trigger to monitor, together with quarterly results.”
Italian government bonds have also rallied since the election, pushing the yield premium over German bunds to the lowest since August 2016 as investors were prepared to overlook political turbulence to snap up higher-yielding debt. The yield on the country's 10-year bonds fell 3 basis point to 1.77 percent on Tuesday.
— With assistance by John Follain, and Blaise Robinson
Dilated cardiomyopathy, or DCM, is the second-most-common type of heart disease on dogs.
It is more common in large breeds such as Dobermans, Great Danes, Labradors and Golden Retrievers.
DCM causes the heart muscle to weaken, making it stretch and become floppy, so it cannot pump blood efficiently. Dogs can often live with the problem for months, or years, with no obvious signs of illness. This is the silent phase.
Eventually, the body can no longer compensate for the heart's inefficiency and congestive heart failure develops. This is the overt phase. Signs include coughing, weakness, breathlessness, harder breathing, weight loss, poor appetite and even collapse. If you notice any of these signs, you should take your dog to the vet, who will do further tests to diagnose the problem.
It is more difficult to diagnose DCM during the silent phase, but early diagnosis and early treatment can significantly prolong your dog's life. There is now a screening programme to pick up dogs with early DCM. Dogs of the susceptible breeds who are over three years old can be screened.
Screening begins with a blood test to measure levels of a substance called Pro-BNP. If your dog has a normal pro-BNP level, he does not require any treatment. However, it is recommended that this blood test is repeated once a year as your dog is still at risk of developing the disease.
It is also useful for you to monitor your dog's breathing rate at home. When he is resting, count the number of breaths he takes in one minute by watching his chest move up and down. You will soon learn what is normal for your dog. A normal respiratory rate for a large-breed dog should be less than 40 breaths per minute. There are free apps available to help you measure and record your dog's breathing rate. If you notice an increase in his breathing rate, you should contact your vet.
If your dog has a higher-than-normal level of Pro-BNP, your vet will likely recommend an ultrasound examination of your dog's heart. The vet can measure the size of the chambers in the heart. If DCM is diagnosed on ultrasound, your vet will discuss starting your dog on tablets to slow the progression of the condition.
An Ulster Unionist councillor has resigned from the party in protest at leader Mike Nesbitt's pledge to give a second preference vote to the SDLP.
Carol Black, a representative on Armagh, Banbridge and Craigavon Borough Council, accused Mr Nesbitt of destroying the ethos of the party.
She quit hours after the UUP leader said he had no regrets on expressing electoral support for the nationalist party. He insisted he will stand by his vision of unionists and nationalists working in partnership.
Ms Black, who won the high profile 2008 Dromore by-election for the UUP, wrote on Facebook: “Today I have resigned from Ulster Unionist Party after the comments made by Mike Nesbitt the Ethos of our Party is destroyed.”
Alderman Jim Speers, who is the UUP group leader on Armagh, Banbridge and Craigavon council, said he was disappointed but not surprised by her move.
“We have a vision of unionism that embraces everyone, and clearly Carol Black does not subscribe to this, given her comments,” he said.
“We are a political party open to all faiths and none.”
Earlier, launching the party's Assembly election manifesto in Belfast, Mr Nesbitt rejected any suggestion he had scored a political own goal and said criticism of his stance would not deflect him from striving for a “better” Northern Ireland.
A number of Mr Nesbitt's fellow UUP election candidates have already made clear they will not follow his lead and will instead only support other pro-Union parties down the ballot paper in March's snap Assembly poll.
The party leader said he was “relaxed” at the idea of colleagues taking a different position based on the electoral dynamics within their own constituencies, but he said he stood by his principles.
“What I am trying to achieve is a stretch for some people, it's not going to be easy, and if it was we would have done it by now,” he said.
“But it's 19 years since we made that commitment to a fresh start (in the Good Friday Agreement) involving reconciliation, tolerance, mutual trust, offering mutual respect.
“Those are the principles that I believe in and it doesn't surprise me that people are poking fun or putting question marks against my motivation and all the rest - that's life, that's politics.
“I am not deflected, I am determined. Northern Ireland deserves better.”
Accusing the DUP and Sinn Fein of engaging in “dog whistle politics” to polarise communities, he said it was time to “forget factions and sections” and create a government that was “fair and honest for everybody”.
Insisting he retained the trust of party colleagues, Mr Nesbitt said the politics of “domination” had not worked in Northern Ireland.
“You can have domination or you can have partnership - domination doesn't work, partnership does. It is the only pathway to reconciliation, tolerance, trust and respect.”
He added: “People have tried to dominate in this country and other countries and other continents since time immemorial - it doesn't work.”
Addressing an election event elsewhere in the city, DUP leader Arlene Foster said she found it “strange” that Mr Nesbitt “would rather have members from a nationalist community returned to Stormont as opposed to members of the unionist community”.
“But of course he has to answer for himself,” she added.
“My own party, we will be transferring to other unionists. It doesn't surprise me that members of his own party are coming out and saying something different to what he has said because they know that they may in some cases need the transfers from other unionists and won't be cutting off their noses just to spite their faces.”
The controversy first flared on Sunday when the UUP leader said that, after his own party, he would vote for the SDLP ahead of other unionist candidates.
However, Mr Nesbitt did not go so far as to say he would advise other UUP supporters to adopt the same approach.
The UUP and SDLP have positioned themselves as an alternative partnership government at Stormont to take the place of the long-standing DUP/Sinn Fein-led coalition.
SDLP leader Colum Eastwood has not explicitly said he would recommend a second preference for the UUP, though he has urged supporters to back candidates who wanted “change”.
Mrs Foster dismissed her rivals' chances of forming the next administration.
“With the greatest respect to Mike and Colum, neither of their parties are even fielding enough candidates to win this election,” she told a gathering of business leaders in Belfast.
Genevans respond to Charlottesville event with proclamation, vigil
hello
About 160 people prayed and sang for peace and justice Monday night in downtown Geneva, in response to the deadly violence at a political protest in Charlottesville, Virginia.
"People have been dying from hate since the beginning of Genesis," organizer Jeannie Scown told the crowd, assembled in a vacant lot on the 100 block of South Third Street.
She asked for a moment of silence for all the people in the world who have died as a result of hatred.
"This is bigger and better than I ever expected it to be," Scown said.
She said the vigil is similar to the ones she participates in every Tuesday with Indivisible Illinois at the local office of Congressman Randy Hultgren.
Scown decided Sunday to have the downtown vigil and advertised it on about two dozen Facebook pages. Thirty-eight people signed up.
Members of the crowd held signs with phrases such as "Love Not Fear Makes America Great" and "Haters, crawl back into your holes."
Earlier in the day, Geneva Mayor Kevin Burns ordered the city's flag to be flown at half-staff through Aug. 20, in memory of the counter-demonstrator killed at a white-supremacy rally, as well as the Virginia State Police troopers who died in a helicopter crash while working the event.
"Sometimes the greatest struggle in responding to tragedy is deciding what to do, how to react and what words to share with those who have been irrevocably impacted," Burns wrote in his proclamation.
"The tragedy in Charlottesville, Va. moved me in such a profound way that simply being disgusted and upset seemed insufficient."
Lowering the flag, he said, would "send a message that the City of Geneva rejects bigotry and hatred in all its forms and unambiguously denounce the evil perpetrated by white supremacists groups, neo-Nazi's and the like."
According to posts on the Fox Valley chapter page of Illinois Indivisible, a vigil was to be held Monday night in downtown Naperville, and in Bull Valley.
If you need information and practical advice on depression, you can call the Mind infoline on 0300 123 3393 (9am to 6pm, Monday to Friday), if you're in the UK.
You can call the Samaritans for confidential support if you're experiencing feelings of distress or despair on 116 123 (UK), 116 123 (ROI).
And you can call the Crisis Call Center at 1-800-273-8255 at any time of the day if you're based in the US.
Getty
Natalie Wood's body was found floating in the water off of Catalina Island in 1981. An investigation led authorities to conclude that she died after an accidental drowning. However, the case was reopened in 2011, and the investigation has taken an interesting turn: On February 1, 2018, Wood's then-husband, Robert Wagner, was named as a person of interest.
On Saturday, February 3, Natalie Wood: Death in Dark Water, will air on CBS.
Wood was a mother of two children. She had a daughter named Natasha Gregson Wagner with her second husband, Richard Gregson. Courtney Wagner is the only daughter between Wood and Wagner.
Here is what you need to know:
1. Wagner Has Been Named a Person of Interest in Wood's Case, Which Was Reopened in 2011
Wagner and Wood first married in 1957, but their marriage fell apart five years later and the two divorced. They rekindled their romance years later, remarrying in July 1972.
In November 1981, Wood and Wagner were on their yacht near Catalina Island, drinking with some friends, including actor Christopher Walken. Something happened that night, however, and Wood ended up drowning. Her body was found in the water the next day.
Wood's autopsy noted “fresh bruises on her body”; her official cause of death was listed as “accidental drowning.” The case, though suspicious, was closed — until 2011, when it was reopened.
In 2012, the Los Angeles Coroner's Office amended Wood's death certificate. Her cause of death was changed from “accidental drowning” to “drowning and other undetermined factors,” and there has been an ongoing investigation ever since.
On February 1, police named Wagner a “person of interest” in the case.
“As we've investigated the case over the last six years, I think [Wagner's] more of a person of interest now. I mean, we know now that he was the last person to be with Natalie before she disappeared,” Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department Lieutenant John Corina said during an interview on CBS' 48 Hours.
2. Natasha Was Born in 1970 & Is an Actress
Natasha is the daughter of Wood and her second husband, producer Richard Gregson, whom she married in 1969. Natasha followed in her mother's footsteps and became an actress. She broke into the entertainment business in 1992, dropping out of college to pursue an acting career. She starred in Fathers & Sons with Jeff Goldblum, Dark Horse, and Buffy The Vampire Slayer that year.
After her mom died, Natasha was raised by Robert Wagner and his now-wife, Jill St. John. She opened up about her mom's tragic death in a 2016 interview with People Magazine.
“I just remember it was the worst thing ever. My whole world just went to black and white and I couldn't hear anything,” she told the outlet. She went on to talk about having two fathers to support her after she lost her mom.
“I was so lucky I had two dads who were deeply committed to raising me and helping me through. They were trying to pick up the pieces for us and stumble forward and find out what our life looked like after that,” she said. “I'm certain because my mom died, my relationship with my stepdad is way deeper than it would have been had she lived, because he had to be my mom and dad,” she added.
Although Natalie isn't his daughter by blood, she and Wagner became very close and have remained so to this day.
“We've hung on to each other throughout the years and she means the world and all to me,” Wagner told People Magazine.
In 2015, Natasha married 7th Heaven actor Barry Watson. Three years prior to their wedding, the couple welcomed their daughter, Clover Clementyne Watson. Clover's name was inspired by the 1965 film Inside Daisy Clover, which starred Wood and Robert Redford.
Natasha has also spoken out about the rumors that her dad had something to do with her mom's passing.
“The details of did she hit her head and fall into the water or did she fall into the water and then hit her head, those little things don't concern me. The result is the same. She died. And she left when I was 11 and my sister (Courtney) was 7, and we needed her. And even when I hear that stuff that my aunt creates and people call me and say, ‘Oh my God, I am so sorry,' I say, ‘Don't be sorry for me.' It's literally like saying my dad has two heads or three heads. It's so preposterous that I can't even relate to it. It doesn't even touch me,” she told the New York Times in 2016.
3. Courtney Was Born in 1974 & Is a Jewelry Designer
Courtney Wagner works as a jewelry designer who has a few famous customers — like Ozzy Osbourne and Cameron Diaz, according to Radar Online.
Courtney is an extremely private person and does not utilize social media. In a 2015 radio interview with her gal pal, Wendy Feldman, Courtney opened up about her mother's death and mentioned how she's glad that social media wasn't a thing at the time of her mom's passing.
“I'm so glad that wasn't around when we went through that as a family. After it happened, we moved out of the country for a while,” Courtney said.
She went on to talk about her dad being questioned by paparazzi and how she asked him why he never answered questions about her mother.
“When I was recently out to dinner at Mr. Chow with my dad, he was not answering questions [from photographers]. And I was sort of put off, wondering why he wasn't answering these simple questions. And then he explained to me that all they want is a soundbite. They just want some words that they can then concoct… you know, I got it,” she said.
4. Wagner Has Another Daughter Named Katie From His Marriage to Marion Marshall
Wagner's first born biological daughter is Katie Wagner. She was born in Los Angeles on May 11, 1964, one year after Wagner married her mom, Marion Marshall. She was named after Katharine Hepburn, according to her IMDb bio.
Katie has followed in her father's footsteps and has also pursued a career in the entertainment business.
She appeared alongside her dad on the TV show, Born Famous in 1987, which gave Katie her first real taste of show business.
“Her first gig was interviewing Dan Aykroyd and his wife, Donna Dixon, for the ABC special, ‘M & W”.' That interview led Katie to a two-and-half-year run on Movietime network (Now E!) She also had minor roles in two movies, and dated rocker Dweezil Zappa. She also worked as an MTV VJ and hosted the Great Britian show, Hollywood Report,” according to IMDb.
She last appeared in Sunset Strip, a documentary about the famous street in Los Angeles, which came out in 2012.
Katie married Leif Lewis in 2007. The couple has one son together named Riley.
5. Wagner Is Currently Married to Jill St. John, Who Helped Raise His Girls After Their Mother Died
Wagner started dating his now-wife, Jill St. John in 1982, less than one year after Wood's death. St. John and Wagner were together for eight years before tying the knot on May 26, 1990.
Although Wagner and St. John didn't have any children together, St. John was a stepmother to his three girls. After Wood's death, St. John helped Wagner raised his daughters.
St. John appeared alongside Wagner and two of his daughters, Courtney and Katie, when he was honored with his very own star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame, in 2012.
You can see a photo from the event below.
St. John is an actress. She starred as Tiffany Case in Diamonds Are Forever opposite Sean Connery, who played James Bond.
NEWPORT BEACH, CA--(Marketwired - Apr 18, 2017) - ADVANTIS CORPORATION ( OTC PINK : ADVT) filed paperwork in California last week as a first step toward applying for commercial recreational marijuana distribution license. Advantis CEO, Christopher Swartz, says the company is preparing to be "first in line" once the state sets the recreational licensing process in motion.
Advantis, a Wyoming Corporation, filed its DBA with the state of California last week, as it prepares for the California state recreational marijuana licensing process. The distribution license is the first license that Swartz says is paramount to the company's business. "There are several new types of licenses that we can apply for ranging from cultivation to distribution," Swartz said. "We are already servicing clients and partners in the medical cannabis business, and several of them are poised to get their recreational commercial licenses for cultivation and dispensing. Distribution is the license that would apply to us now, and I can foresee that we apply for others, as we assess what we can legally do as an SEC fully reporting company next year." Swartz says that Advantis will be a major player in California's recreational marijuana business. "We are already growing exponentially within the medical marijuana space, and with the solid reputation we are earning through packaging and marketing of reliable, quality products, we are poised to smoothly transition our product lines into the recreational space." Advantis current product lines include partner products such as those from Hemperor's Club, co-branded products, such as strains that go into Amstercan packaging, and proprietary products such as CBD extracts Elixicure, Deltacure, and soon to be unveiled Advantis rosin presses.
"The two primary revenue streams are currently derived from marketing products to and through collectives, and Amstercan packaging," Swartz said. "Our own new rosin press, whose manufacturing process is nearly complete, will likely surpass all other revenue streams overnight." Swartz related the relevance of the state licensing to his current business strategy. "As we continue to develop these new revenue sources, it will fund further development, manufacturing, and distribution of additional CBD and THC derivative products. As we continue to develop and nurture our business relationships, we have a ready-made product pipeline for almost anything we create. Advantis is on the leading edge of this cannabis industry and we will continue to innovate, evolve, and grow as the marketplace does." Swartz closed by saying that business remains on course to grow revenue quarter over quarter and, and several new products the company is making or marketing will be announced over the coming months.
Links to Advantis websites can be found at advantiscorp.com, elixicure.com, and amstercan.com
Follow them on social media Facebook Instagram
Forward Looking Statements: This news release contains forward-looking statements made by ADVANTIS CORPORATION. All such statements included in this press release, other than statements of historical fact, are forward-looking statements. Although management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, it can give no assurance that such expectations will prove to have been correct. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these statements. The following risk factors, among others, could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in any forward- looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, economic conditions, changes in the law or regulations, demand for products of the Company, the effects of competition and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected or represented in the forward looking statements. Forward- looking statements are typically identified by the words: believe, expect, anticipate, intend, estimate, and similar expressions or which by their nature refer to future events. The Company is not entitled to rely on the safe harbor provisions of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 because it is not registered under either Act. Advantis Corp. set to file for California Commercial Distribution License.
Best Ways To Celebrate World Humanitarian Day In MinnesotaWorld Humanitarian Day honors the selfless efforts of men and women who dedicate and give their lives in the service of others. Since 2009, World Humanitarian Day has been commemorated on August 19. In Minnesota, this significant day will be celebrated with summer charity events and volunteerism.
Best of luck, Bobby McCain.
The Dolphins' playoff hopes might be in your hands.
McCain starts at boundary corner in place of an injured Cordrea Tankersley, who is out with ankle and shoulder injuries.
His job: Slow down Tom Brady and New England's passing attack.
Never miss a local story. Sign up today for a free 30 day free trial of unlimited digital access. SUBSCRIBE NOW
McCain, normally Miami's nickel corner, has started before, but only when the Dolphins open with five defensive backs. This should be the most extensive action of his career.
McCain should have some confidence going against the future Hall of Famer: He picked off Brady two weeks ago.
Alterraun Verner will likely play a bunch Monday night, too.
The Dolphins' other inactives: quarterback Matt Moore, running back Damien Williams, guard Isaac Asiata, guard Jermon Bushrod, defensive end Cameron Malveaux and tight end A.J. Derby.
Jesse Davis will start at right guard, Sam Young at right tackle. Kenyan Drake is Miami's starting running back.
The Patriots' scratches: running back Mike Gillislee, defensive back Brandon King, linebacker David Harris, linebacker Kyle Van Noy, offensive lineman Marcus Cannon, offensive lineman Cole Croston and defensive lineman Trey Flowers.
NEW YORK — The New York Jets signed former Lions linebacker Brandon Copeland and re-signed defensive lineman Xavier Cooper on Monday.
Copeland missed last season after tearing a pectoral muscle during the preseason. He had 30 tackles and one forced fumble in 32 games the previous two seasons with the Lions.
The 26-year-old Copeland is expected to serve as a backup on defence and be a key part of the Jets' special teams unit.
“Too many different levels of excitement to put into words,” Copeland told the Jets' website. “Coming off of injured reserve, having to sit every Sunday, Monday and Thursday and watching other people play, I'm first and foremost excited to get back to the game that I love.”
He signed with Baltimore as an undrafted free agent out of Penn in 2013 and spent time later that season on Tennessee's practice squad. After signing with Orlando of the Arena Football League in 2015, Copeland impressed Detroit after participating in the NFL Veterans Combine. His grandfather, Roy Hilton, played for the Baltimore Colts against the Jets in the Super Bowl in 1969.
“He played defensive end against Joe Namath and all those guys,” Copeland said. “I know he's going to be very proud of his grandson and now my job is to continue to make him proud.”
Cooper was not tendered as a restricted free agent, but was brought back to serve as a rotational defensive lineman. He had 16 tackles and one sack in eight games, and his play increased when Muhammad Wilkerson was benched at the end of last season.
Cooper was a third-round pick by Cleveland out of Washington State in 2015. He has also spent time with San Francisco, and has 56 career tackles and three sacks.
——
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP–NFL
WEST HOLLYWOOD, CA (CBS Local) – Love is no match for man's best friend. According to a new survey, an overwhelming number of adults would dump their partner if they didn't like their dog.
A survey of 3,500 dog owners conducted by dog-walking service Wag!, found that 86 percent of respondents would end a relationship if their boyfriend or girlfriend couldn't get along with their dog.
“It comes as no surprise to us at Wag! that dog parents place a premium on their dogs' opinions of other humans and that this plays a deciding factor in their love lives,” company CEO Hilary Schneider said, via StudyFinds.
In some cases, spouses are even taking a back seat to their husband or wife's four-legged friend. 16 percent of married dog owners said they preferred celebrating their pet's birthday over their own spouse's.
However, the news isn't all bad as dogs were found to be the key to many people's hearts. Over 70 percent of people surveyed said they were more likely to “swipe right” if a person's online dating profile featured their pup. Six in 10 adults claim they were flirted with while walking their furry friend.
For singles, Wag! says forget the pickup lines and get a dog. Nearly 80 percent of dog owners admit they'd be more likely to go home with someone if that person said they had a dog there waiting to meet them.
Moving trains, planes and ships were all hard to find in Greece on Wednesday as much of the country ground to a halt. Workers are striking against a new wave of austerity measures that are due to kick in after the nation's third international bailout expires this summer.
Since 2009, Greece has received 260 billion euros in loans in exchange for implementing austerity measures such as public sector layoffs, tax hikes and pension cuts, and unions are angry.
Buses and trolleys were operating on reduced hours and air traffic controllers were due to stage a walkout.
Despite vehement public opposition, Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras in 2015 signed up to Greece's current international bailout, which is due to expire in August.
"They want to make our generation pay when visiting public hospitals," claimed Michalis Giannakos, president of the Hospital Workers Union. "They want us to work until we're 70 and receive 500 euros a month in wages and pension. We don't want such normality, we'll take to the streets on a daily basis".
The government is promising that when the bailout period ends they will reinstate such things as collective bargaining and increase the minimum wage, but workers are skeptical and have warned of more protests. They fear that when the government talks of 'normality' it simply means that austerity will become the status quo.
Premium features include the agenda-setting Lex column, EM Squared, Martin Sandbu's Free Lunch, Newsmine blog, daily FT ePaper and exclusive weekly emails designed to enhance your FT experience.
What do you get in your Premium Subscription package?
Lex Column - The FT's daily guide to the corporate and financial stories that matter. Since the 1930's Lex has been providing concise, readable and timely commentary on companies, markets and the theory behind investing. From tech valuations to the pros and cons of share buybacks, via the banking crisis and emerging markets, Our specialists in London, New York and Hong Kong give you the tools to make better investment decisions.
Editor's Choice - An exclusive weekly newsletter with insights from Lionel Barber, the Financial Times' lauded editor.
FT Newsmine Blog - A weekly email that abstracts essential macroeconomic data for you from the week's news stories.
Free lunch - Martin Sandbu's Free Lunch - A succinct daily take on global economics from columnist Martin Sandbu who selects and comments on the day's biggest topics.
Data breaches more complex and no longer confined to the IT group
Humans continue to play a significant role in data breaches and cybersecurity incidents, fulfilling the roles of threat actors, targeted victims and incident response stakeholders, according to new research.
Data breaches are also becoming more complex and are no longer confined to the IT group. They now touch every part of an organisation up to and including its board of directors, Verizon's 2017 Data Breach Digest found.
The digest details 16 common breach scenarios, but many permutations occur within each, leading to an expansive range of damage that is observed in the aftermath of a data breach.
The breach scenarios were divvied up into four clustered groupings, which included:
The human element. Four scenarios highlighting human-related threat actors or targeted victims;
Four scenarios highlighting human-related threat actors or targeted victims; Conduit devices. Four scenarios covering device misuse or tampering;
Four scenarios covering device misuse or tampering; Configuration exploitation. Four scenarios focusing on reconfigured or misconfigured settings; and
Four scenarios focusing on reconfigured or misconfigured settings; and Malicious software. Four scenarios centering on sophisticated or special-purpose illicit software.
According to data from the Verizon's Vocabulary for Event Recording and Incident Sharing (VERIS) dataset, the ‘social threat' action was used in just under one-third of confirmed data breaches. It ranked behind threat action categories of hacking and malware in prevalence.
For threat actors, the tactics and techniques used to manipulate or take advantage of victims include phishing (92 per cent), pretexting (42 per cent), and bribery/solicitation (3 per cent).
“As one would expect, email is the primary means of communication to the target (95 per cent), followed by in-person deception (2 per cent), and phone calls (2 per cent) with a small amount of overlap across three means of communication,” the report said.
Social actions are typically part of a blended attack with a successful installation of malware usually a means to an initial foothold or a piece of information to further an attack.
Threat action varieties most attributable to human victims including social (where human assets are compromised), misuse (where humans are under your employ are the threat actor), and error (where humans are ‘goofing' around).
“When we look at our VERIS data over the previous three years, we see that almost half (49 per cent) of all breaches involve one or more of these human elements,” the report said.
The report points to five actions an organisation should take following a breach. They are:
Preserve evidence, consider the consequences of every action taken;
Be flexible, adapt to evolving situations;
Establish consistent methods for communication;
Know your limitations, collaborate with other key stakeholders; and
Document actions and findings and be prepared to explain them.
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
NAN reports that 1,561,443 candidates sat for the UTME in 2016.
The post 1.7 million candidates to write 2017 UTME–JAMB appeared first on Premium Times Nigeria.
Meet Rosalie – aka Rosie! This lovable lady will be attending our Meet & Greet event this Saturday, so come on out and meet her from 10 AM – Noon at 34 Sanrico Drive, Manchester, CT. This is one super special pup who is in need of a one-of-a-kind home. Sweet Rosie has had a tough start to life, but she doesn't let that get her down! She absolutely adores everyone she meets and loves to climb into your lap for snuggles and pets. This little pit mix is great with kids, but would prefer to be the only pet in her forever home. She loves long walks, playing outside, and getting lots of attention from her people. And of course, she absolutely lives for treats! For more information about this sweet, special girl, call 860-242-9999 x302 or email megan@ourcompanions.org
How Austin Romine became a fan favorite, without cracking a smile TAMPA — On a sunny Wednesday morning last July at Yankee Stadium, Reds bench coach Jim Riggleman sat in the visitors' dugout and pointed to Austin Romine on the field....
Yankees avoid embarrassing Dellin Betances battle repeat Dellin Betances and the Yankees still have to figure out just what went wrong in the second half of last season, when the reliever was wildly inconsistent, but at least...
Yankees lineup goes back to normal for pivotal Game 5 The Yankees lineup is going back to normal after a one-game audible. Gary Sanchez will return to his catching duties Thursday night in Game 5 of the American League Championship...
Yankees' little-used battery paid off for the most part Joe Girardi decided to dust off Austin Romine and start him in a game for the first time since Oct. 1 with Sonny Gray on the mound in Tuesday's 6-4...
Yankees players: We've never heard anything like this The Yankees thought they had a strong home-field advantage through their first four playoff games in The Bronx. Then Tuesday night happened. Yankee Stadium shook in the eighth inning, the...
Can't demoting Gary Sanchez be a credit to Yankees roster? It's so easy to forget, isn't it? We focus so much on what's in front of us that we neglect to look behind us. The Yankees didn't start Gary Sanchez...
Gary Sanchez not catching as Yankees shake up lineup Joe Girardi is going with Austin Romine behind the plate for Game 4 of the ALCS against the Astros with Sonny Gray on the mound and Gary Sanchez having struggled...
Gary Sanchez returns and doesn't miss a beat offensively ARLINGTON, Texas. — The Yankees won two of the three games Gary Sanchez missed while suspended in Baltimore and scored 22 runs in the series, so they didn't melt without...
Yankees showed MLB this proof of Red Sox sign-stealing scheme One of the video clips the Yankees sent to the Commissioner's Office that they claim shows the Red Sox illegal use of electronic gear in the dugout to help steal...
Recording artist Pink performs on stage during Pink at Nomadic Live! at The Armory on February 2, 2018 in Minneapolis, Minnesota. (credit: Kevin Mazur/Getty Images)
MINNEAPOLIS (AP) — Battling the flu, pop star Pink powered through a pre-Super Bowl concert, still hitting high notes, flying in the air and dancing onstage days before she will sing the national anthem at the big game.
Pink skipped some of the words during the songs, relying on her backup singers Friday at Nomadic Live at the Armory in Minneapolis. But she was still energetic and spirited, ending the set with her signature high-flying athleticism while singing the pounding hit, “So What.”
The mother of two told the audience she had the flu and that her children “cough into my mouth and I can't stop them 'cause they're so cute.”
“I'm not going to sound like (crap) all night because you guys are going to help me,” she said. “We're going to rock the (expletive) out and have a good time.”
As she began to sing “Beautiful Trauma” — from her recent album of the same name — she quickly stopped her band and told the crowd, “I can't do it.”
“I hate this,” she said. “I can't do that song. I'm sorry.”
Pink will sing “The Star-Spangled Banner” on Sunday at the U.S. Bank Stadium before the New England Patriots take on the Philadelphia Eagles. The 38-year-old singer grew up about 30 miles from Philadelphia and gave a shout-out to the City of Brotherly Love during the show.
She wore a loose white top, loose white pants and red heels as she ran up and down the stage, kicking off the show with the jam “Get the Party Started.” She later sang well-known hits like “U + Ur Hand,” ”Who Knew,” ”What About Us” and “Raise Your Glass.”
Despite feeling under the weather, she was exceptional when she covered 4 Non Blondes' “What's Up,” a crowd favorite.
“We're gonna wake up the entire neighborhood,” she said before singing the song.
(© Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: India supreme court ousts top cricket officials
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Experimental feature Listen to this article Play audio for this article Pause 00:00 00:00 Experimental feature Report a mispronounced word What was mispronounced? Optional: help us by adding the time Submit Thank you for your help! or Give us your feedback Thank you for your feedback. What do you think? I‘ll use it in the future
I don‘t think I‘ll use it Please tell us why (optional) Send Feedback
Sometimes a mask slips. The launch of bitcoin contracts by US futures platforms are one such lapse. Here, as if it were needed, is proof that regulated exchanges function as casinos as well as investment markets.
Fans think bitcoin futures legitimise cryptocurrencies. Bitcoin may equally tarnish futures, instruments of real utility for hedging real assets.
You cannot fault Cboe Global Markets' opportunism. By launching a week ahead of larger rival CME Group, Cboe's volatile, thinly traded bitcoin contracts have grabbed the attention of the financial world. The objection that both groups are facilitating speculation rather than investment is implicit. Explicit criticisms mostly cite financial risk. They are exaggerated.
Take systemic risk. At the overheated price of $18,850 per bitcoin, which marks the peak so far for Cboe's January contract, the cryptocurrency would be capitalised at $315bn. If bitcoin were a company, it would slot into the S&P 500 between Exxon and Bank of America. Such worth is impressive. It is still only a drop in the ocean compared with the trillions in other underlying assets that futures markets comfortably trade daily.
The volatility of the cryptocurrency worries unbelievers, too. It can rise or fall 20 per cent in short order. Future margins will be correspondingly steep, which should reduce clearing house risk. Cboe Global's clearing house demands 44 per cent of exposure to open a position. CME Group currently expects to ask for collateral equivalent to 35 per cent.
This is where the aims of both groups begin to look questionable. Steep margins have steep costs. That reduces the utility of futures for hedging underlying bitcoin positions and leaves speculation as an undimmed motive. Appropriately so. Bitcoin exists only for this purpose. Dollars are a safer medium of exchange. Andy Warhol prints are as useful for money laundering, and can decorate a swanky apartment too.
Moral irreproachability wins you few admirers if you cannot afford a shoe shine. Exchanges are keen to meet customer demand. But it is piquant that Chicago-based groups spawned by trade in the most tangible of commodities should offer cash-settled contracts in the most insubstantial. Revealing, too, that they should do so just as memories of the last financial crisis start to fade.
The number of young people taking up modern apprenticeships in the Borders rose by 22% last financial year, the Scottish Parliament has been told.
That news was conveyed to Ettrick, Roxburgh and Berwickshire MSP Rachael Hamilton by Jamie Hepburn, Scottish Government minister for training and employability.
In her Southern Reporter column last week, Mrs Hamilton, a Conservative, criticised the Scottish National Party government's spending record on apprenticeships, claiming the less than 5% of spending devoted to its skills fund was “simply not enough”.
She also called on the Scottish Government to incentivise sectors of industry to offer more apprenticeships.
In a written parliamentary question, Mrs Hamilton wanted to know what action the Government is taking to increase the number of apprenticeships in the Borders.
Mr Hepburn told her there had been 472 modern apprenticeship starts in the Borders last year, up from 387 the year before, representing a rise of more than a fifth.
A further report by the national skills agency Skills Development Scotland revealed there had been 80 such starts in the first quarter of this financial year, compared to 65 in the corresponding quarter of last year, an increase of 23%.
The agency currently spends £2.58m a year on employment services in the Borders, including £1.59m on partnership projects.
These include the funding of training providers to work with local businesses taking on modern apprentices aged 16 to 24, offering them a sector-recognised qualification and on-the-job experience.
In his response to Mrs Hamilton, Mr Hepburn added: “The Borders regional group for Developing the Young Workforce has been working in partnership with Skills Development Scotland and Scottish Borders Council to promote apprenticeship opportunities, including at foundation, modern and graduate level, to employers, young people, parents and teachers.”
By Saima Asad, February 14 2017 —
A month-long consultation on the University of Calgary's new campus sexual violence policy closed on Feb. 8. The policy, which has been in the works for nearly two years, opened for student consultation on Jan 9.
The sexual violence policy aims to provide a framework for addressing sexual assault prevention and reduction at the U of C, while also improving consent education and support services for victims of sexual assault.
According to U of C provost and vice-president academic Dru Marshall, the sexual violence policy consultation had “strong participation from the community,” with over 300 responses by Feb. 8. She said 43 per cent of responses came from students.
“Overall, the feedback has been supportive of the policy and its role in helping create a safer campus,” Marshall said.
Students' Union vice-president student life Patrick Ma sat on the implementation committee for the sexual violence policy this year. He said though initially there was a large response rate, participation dropped “significantly” towards the end of the consultation period. Overall, he said the feedback was largely in support of the new policy.
“There's a large approval of the policy, which is a good thing,” he said.
Ma also said there are some points in the policy that the university wants to get more feedback on, including the scope of the policy's application reaching beyond the U of C campus.
“There are some topics that we were looking to get more feedback on or that we thought people would have different opinions [on], like the scope of the policy,” Ma said.
The policy currently encompasses university members that are victims of sexual assault or harassment off campus. Ma said the university received positive responses in support of the scope.
The policy and protocol subcommittee of the sexual violence strategy is now implementing the feedback they received. The consultation results will be discussed at General Faculties Council later this semester.
“We are now taking time to assess the feedback submitted and consider how changes may be integrated into the draft policy,” Marshall said. “It is still early in our assessment to know exactly how the policy may change, but we will be sharing broad themes with the campus community in the coming weeks.”
There is no set date for the policy's final approval, but the committee hopes to have it done by the end of the academic year.
“We've taken quite a bit of time to write a comprehensive policy and then we've also given it out to the broader campus community. I think we're moving in the right steps and I think we're pretty proud of that,” Ma said.
Comments
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Nottinghamshire Police said it discovered a large quantity of drugs at an industrial estate near Bilsthorpe, Nottinghamshire.
They were found yesterday (August 14).
DCI Lee Young said: “We are still in the early stages of the investigation but we're pleased to have discovered these drugs before they had chance to reach our communities.”
Jonjo Shelvey has admitted he is seeing a psychologist in a bid to curb the anger which is threatening to blight his career.
The 25-year-old Newcastle midfielder, who served a five-match ban last season for allegedly racially abusing Wolves counterpart Romain Saiss, was sent off on his return to the Premier League on Sunday after stamping on Tottenham's Dele Alli.
Shelvey, who was also dismissed at Nottingham Forest last season for kicking out at Henri Lansbury only to have the red card rescinded later, apologised to his team-mates after the game as television pundits and fans queued up to condemn his behaviour.
Speaking in an interview conducted on Friday, but not published until Monday, he told the Daily Mail: "Look, sometimes I just need to rein it in on the football pitch. I need to just shut up and stuff. I need to not get involved and walk away.
"I started to see a psychologist last year to work on the mental side of things. It was after the Forest game. I was sent off. I had kicked out at this lad and it was just childish.
"When people wind me up, I should just laugh. I do need to get that out of me. Sometimes you can't help it.
"I started to work with this fella and after that, there wasn't really an incident when I did that. I started to learn to keep my head down and just get on with the game. But it's an ongoing process and I am still working with him.
"Sometimes I can lose my head and it can't keep happening."
However, Shelvey did just that four minutes into the second half of Sunday's game and referee Andre Marriner sent him off, in the process ending any chance of a positive result for the promoted side.
Goals from Alli and Ben Davies eventually secured victory for Spurs to leave manager Rafael Benitez bemoaning his captain's indiscipline.
Republic of Ireland keeper Rob Elliot - included in Martin O'Neill's provisional squad for the upcoming World Cup qualifiers against Georgia and Serbia - revealed Shelvey, who now faces a three-match ban, cut a disconsolate figure in the dressing room afterwards, but admitted he needed to channel his passion if he is to make the most of his career.
Elliot told NUFC TV: "He was down, he was dejected. He knows he's messed up and he held his hands up.
"It doesn't make it right, but that's Jonjo. He's come a long way since he's been here - the training regime he does on and off the pitch, he's working, he's working on things and he's a great lad.
"He cares, he's passionate and sometimes that boils over, and he's got to learn to deal with that because he could honestly play for any team he wants to and we are very fortunate we have got him here.
"But also on the same side, we have got to make sure we help him to be the best player he can be and take us up the league and to do that, we need him on the pitch.
"Hopefully this is a good learning curve for him, we can get him back out there and he can push on and help us get up the league."
Tottenham striker Harry Kane might have suffered a similar fate, in Elliot's opinion, for a challenge on Florian Lejeune which left the defender on crutches but cost him only a yellow card.
"In today's game, I don't understand why that's not a red card," the stopper added. "Poor Flo, I don't know how bad it is, but he's in a bad way.
"No excuses for Jonjo, he knows he's got to hold his hands up and he will, but I was a bit disappointed with the tackle on Flo. I didn't think it was a very good tackle, if I'm honest."
The Group Managing Director of the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation, Maikanti Baru, on Friday visited Vice President Yemi Osinbajo befoe heading to the office of the Chief of Staff to the President, Abba Kyari. The People's Democrati...
RAY BROOK, N.Y. — The Adirondack Park Agency has approved land classifications that expand the High Peaks Wilderness Area to a size rivaling Rocky Mountain National Park.
The parcels include 51,000 acres scattered throughout all 12 Adirondack Park counties and include the 20,543-acre Boreas Ponds tract south of the High Peaks.
In the Boreas tract, more than 11,000 acres are classified wilderness, where motor vehicles are prohibited, and 9,000 as wild forest, where motors may be allowed.
Public use will be determined by management plans to be drafted by the Department of Environmental Conservation. Motor vehicles potentially could be allowed to within a tenth of a mile of the dam creating the ponds.
The state purchased the Boreas Ponds tract for $14.5 million in 2016. It was previously part of Finch Pruyn timber lands.
Broadway legends Lin-Manuel Miranda and Ben Platt just dropped a new single to benefit the March for Our Lives initiative, and it's way too much.
The song, "Found/Tonight," is a mash-up of “You Will Be Found” from the hit musical Dear Evan Hansen and "The Story of Tonight" from Hamilton .
When @Lin_Manuel and @BenSPLATT came over my apt to rehearse #FoundTonight, I got goose bumps the minute they started singing each other's songs. I would tear up in the studio as I listened to the mix, thinking of the kids we made this for.
In a statement provided to BuzzFeed News, Miranda and Platt said they were inspired by the thousands of students who mobilized for change following the shooting at Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida.
“In the wake of Parkland, I was awestruck by the strength and leadership of the students and their ability to speak truth to power," Miranda said. "In the midst of their grief, they mobilized the youth of our nation and created a movement. This is their moment. Not just for themselves, but for all of us."
“When Lin called me to be a part of this mashup, I couldn't say no," Platt said. "Better gun control is something that all Americans should be passionate about. These students are paving the way for future generations and it's so inspiring to see young people standing up for what is probably the most important cause right now in this country, and demanding action. I hope that this song can play some small part in bringing about real change.”
Miranda said that the song is his way of "helping to raise funds and awareness for their efforts, and to say Thank You, and that we are with you so let's keep fighting, together."
The Senator representing Bauchi Central Senatorial District, Hamman Misau, has opened a can worms against the Inspector General of Police, Idris Kpotun Ibrahim. The President and cabinet members were shocked by the issues raised by the minister. Of s...
(CNN) — A good birth story is an enduring piece of family lore that can be trotted out time and time again for birthdays, embarrassing wedding speeches and any given lull at holiday dinners.
Few are as good, though, as this: “Remember when we had twins born in separate YEARS?”
Obviously the possibility comes around every New Year, but this year at least three separate sets of twins came into this world with the honor.
Mazel tov to these families and their new little ones, whose birth dates will undoubtedly frustrate and confuse teachers and friends for years to come.
San Diego: Twin girls were born at Sharp Mary Birch Hospital for Women and Newborns in Kearny Mesa. The first made her appearance at 11:56 p.m. on December 31 and the second brought the highest drama by being born at exactly midnight on January 1st.
Atlanta: These twins were born at Northside Hospital Cherokee in Canton, Georgia. The first, a girl, was born at 11:20 p.m, the hospital told CNN. Her brother was born an hour later at 12:20 a.m. on New Year's Day.
Glendale, Arizona: Everett and Sawyer Shay were born at Banner Thunderbird Medical Center. Sawyer made a prompt entry at 11:50 p.m. on New Year's Eve, while Everett arrived at 12:01 a.m., making him the hospital's first baby born in 2017.
This birthday situation is pretty uncommon — last year, only one set of twins made the news for their unique 2015/2016 births, and that was also in San Diego.
However, we are seeing a rise in twin births in general, so New Year's is bound to be an interesting date for many moms and dads in the future.
TheatMatrix™ Recognized for its Technology Innovation for Detecting Advanced In-Network Threats
FREMONT, CA--(Marketwired - Feb 15, 2017) - Attivo Networks®, the award-winning leader in deception for cybersecurity defense, announced today that Info Security Products Guide, the industry's leading information security research and advisory guide, has named its ThreatMatrix™ technology a Gold winner of the 2017 Global Excellence Awards® in Best Deception Based Security. The Info Security PG's Excellence Awards is in its 13th year and honors excellence in every facet of the industry.
The Attivo ThreatMatrix Platform truly helps customers achieve visibility into in-network threats, attacker lateral movement, insider threats, and stolen credential attacks, all that are renowned for by passing traditional security solutions. It does this by using deception technology to make the network a trap based on decoys and deception lures that deceive an attacker into engaging and revealing themselves. The solution also automates the attack analysis so that attack information is correlated and produces only substantiated alerts. Additionally, the solution provides extensive forensic reporting and 3rd party integrations for incident response automations that provide automatic blocking, quarantine, and threat hunting for infections within the network. The ThreatOps element of the solution takes things one step further, with attack scoring and automated playbooks based on correlation of Attivo attack information and input from other sources. Deception was recognized by Gartner at their Summit as the most efficient approach to in-network threat detection and has recommended deception for two years running, as a top 10 security initiative.
More than 40 judges from a broad spectrum of industry voices from around the world participated and their average scores determined the 2017 Global Excellence Awards Finalists and winners. Winners were announced during the awards dinner and presentation this week.
"Threats are constantly evolving and providing next generation solutions that efficiently reduce the time to detection and speed up the time to remediation are critical to our customers' success and the defense of their most valued assets," says Tushar Kothari, CEO of Attivo Networks. "We are continually enhancing the ThreatMatrix platform to combat the increasingly complex requirements of our customers and are honored that this innovation is being recognized as the leading technology in this prestigious competition."
About Attivo Networks
Attivo Networks® is the leader in deception technology for real-time detection, analysis, and accelerated response to advanced, credential, insider, and ransomware cyber-attacks. The Attivo ThreatMatrix™ Deception and Response Platform accurately detects advanced in-network threats and provides scalable continuous threat management for user networks, data centers, cloud, IoT, ICS-SCADA, and POS environments. Attivo Camouflage dynamic deception techniques and decoys set high-interaction traps to efficiently lure attackers into revealing themselves. Advanced attack analysis and lateral movement tracking are auto-correlated for evidence-based alerts, forensic reporting, and automatic blocking and quarantine of attacks. For more information visit www.attivonetworks.com
Follow Attivo Networks: Twitter and LinkedIn
Brett Roberts, senior community relations officer for the Los Angeles County Metropolitan Transportation Authority, has been appointed to the city of Inglewood Commission on Parking and Traffic.
The commission plays a vital role in shaping the transportation and parking policies, in one the largest cities in the South Bay region, by advising the City Council and traffic and parking engineers on matters of most concern to the residents, businesses and other stakeholders throughout the city.
Roberts is a graduate of the African American Business Leadership Institute.
Beverly Cole, CEO of Cole Renwick LLC, recently joined the Los Angeles Neighborhood Land Trust board of directors.
The Los Angeles Neighborhood Land Trust's mission is to grow healthier, safer and stronger communities by creating urban parks and community gardens that remedy the critical lack of green and recreational spaces in greater Los Angeles' underserved neighborhoods.
The trust was founded in 2002 to address the park inequities in Los Angeles with a focus on communities of color that have little to no access to green space.
Cole is a graduate of the African American Business Leadership Institute.
Karen Earl, the CEO of the Jenesse Center, a South Los Angeles based nonprofit that deals with victims of domestic violence, was celebrated as an unsung hero by the California Legislative Black Caucus during its annual Martin Luther King Jr. Day breakfast in Sacramento.
Honorees included journalists, academics, social workers, activists and community leaders.
Cheers! features the everyday accomplishments of everyday people in South Los Angeles. To submit an item, send an email (with picture) to newsroom@wavepublication.com.
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Twitter's controversial China chief leaves company
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
PARIS — Former French President Nicolas Sarkozy was placed in custody on Tuesday as part of an investigation that he received millions of euros in illegal financing from the regime of the late Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi.
A judicial source with direct knowledge of the case told The Associated Press that Sarkozy was being held at the police at the Nanterre police station, west of Paris.
The person spoke on condition of anonymity because he was not authorized to discuss the matter publicly.
Sarkozy and his former chief of staff have denied wrongdoing in the case, which involves funding for his winning 2007 presidential campaign.
Though an investigation has been underway since 2013, the case gained traction some three years later when French-Lebanese businessman Ziad Takieddine told the online investigative site, Mediapart, that he delivered suitcases from Libya containing 5 million euros ($6.2 million) in cash to Sarkozy and his former chief of staff Claude Gueant.
Investigators are examining claims that Gadhafi's regime secretly gave Sarkozy 50 million euros overall for the 2007 campaign. Such a sum would be more than double the legal campaign funding limit at the time of 21 million euros.
In addition, the alleged payments would violate French rules against foreign financing and declaring the source of campaign funds.
In the Mediapart interview published in November 2016, Takieddine said he was given 5 million euros in Tripoli by Gadhafi's intelligence chief on trips in late 2006 and 2007 and that he gave the money in suitcases full of cash to Sarkozy and Gueant on three occasions. He said the handovers took place in the Interior Ministry, while Sarkozy was interior minister.
Takieddine has for years been embroiled in his own problems with French justice, centring mainly on allegations he provided illegal funds to the campaign of conservative politician Edouard Balladur for his 1995 presidential election campaign — via commissions from the sale of French submarines to Pakistan.
Sarkozy had a complex relationship with Gadhafi. Soon after becoming the French president, Sarkozy invited the Libyan leader to France for a state visit and welcomed him with high honours. But Sarkozy then put France in the forefront of NATO-led airstrikes against Gadhafi's troops that helped rebel fighters topple his regime in 2011.
Witnesses of Jehovah all over Nigeria and indeed beyond are looking forward to a joyous occasion – the dedication of the expanded branch facilities at Igieduma,the headquarters of their activities in Nigeria,otherwise called Bethel.
On the day of the dedication, February 10, 2018, 2,500 long-time servants of Jehovah in Nigeria have been invited to Igieduma to enjoy the dedication program as well as a meal with the Bethel family and the overseas delegates. Before the program, they will also be able to take a special tour of Bethel.
What is planned for the dedication week? From Monday through Wednesday, February 5 to 7, 2018, there will be tours arranged of the new facilities.
On Sunday, February 11, there will be a special meeting to which all congregations in Nigeria will be able to tie in through a congregation arrangement.
Jehovah's Witnesses in Nigeria. Known for their Bible educational work and for distributing the magazines, The Watchtower and Awake! and other teaching aids like tracts and videos.
At Igeduma over 41 million copies of The Watchtower and Awake! are printed yearly in nine languages.The office also Ships Bible literature to Nigeria and five other countries in West Africa.
Kabs Kanu and Pasco Temple: Sierra Leone Telegraph: 4 July 2018:
The latest Interview by President Maada Bio's Finance Minister Jacob Jusu Saffa to a local tabloid and the latest letter penned to stranded diplomats abroad by the Director General – as instructed by the Chief Minister Prof Francis – Regent Foreign Minister, raises concerns that he will arrest the ambassadors when they arrive in Freetown.
It has happened to some Heads and Deputy Heads of Institutions. Even the pronouncement by Information Minister Mohamed Rado Swarray describing members of the People's Congress (APC) government as criminals former, during an interview on VOA's “Night Line Africa”, without a court's verdict is unfair and raises the spectre that the diplomats could be in trouble on arrival in Freetown .
In the letter dated June 29, 2018 , an aid of the Foreign Affairs Director General threatened the diplomats that those who remain at their posts after his June 30 cut-off date (dictated in the June 29 letter) for handing over of all embassy property and returning to Freetown, do so at their own peril since their reparation funds had been sent .
This statement has left diplomats afraid that the moment they step their feet on Sierra Leonean soil, they could be arrested and taken to prison for allegedly defying the government to return to their country.
But are the diplomats really defying their government and failing wilfully to return? No! They are aware that their term of offices has expired, so they too want to move on.
The main reason that the diplomats are not home yet is that they are stranded abroad because the Bio Government did not send them the required amount of money to cover their repatriation expenses.
The monies sent by the government are not enough to cover the costs of plane tickets for them and their families and the expenses of shipping their personal belongings.
The SLPP Government rejected the estimates sent by the diplomats, contrary to normal protocols and decided to send flat rates dictated by the government to the diplomats, even though their individual circumstances differ based on the number of dependents being repatriated and the quantity of personal belongings.
The amounts sent fell far short of the total expenses for buying plane tickets and shipping their belongings home.
Without any iota of disrespect, this type of illogical action manifested in the June 29 letter, begs for the publication of the C.V. of Prof. Francis – the Regent Minister of Foreign Affairs. Where did he study? Which school was he lecturing prior to his appointment and how long was he in the Lecture room?
No sober minded person who has lived in the United Kingdom or the United States or in any modern country, would have been so brave as to issue such an instruction to educated and committed Sierra Leoneans who had given their best to their country.
Added to the insufficient repatriation monies sent, the government has made it even more impossible for the diplomats to return as scheduled by refusing to pay their June salaries.
In reprisals for not returning to Freetown yet, the Bio government told diplomats in the same letter that they “will not receive their June salaries here and will get them only when they arrive in Freetown.” This is a case of a hardy-headed leader treating educated adults like children and nonentities.
This is also the case of a bullying, insensitive, callous and heartless President and team not trying to understand the diplomats' precarious and desperate plight.
It is not only an approved strategy by the Bio government, but a continuation of harassment and consistent campaign to subdue them to subsist. For God's sake, how can you refuse paying Ambassadors, but pay the domestic staff of Ambassadors and give them five days' notice to stop their services.
The Sierra Leone law prescribed for either a month in lieu or at the end with a full month pay coupled with his/her terminal benefits.
Irrespective of Political Party affiliation, the diplomats adopted a policy to work with community groups including Political groups like the People's Congress (APC) and Sierra Leone People's Party (SLPP) to rebrand Sierra Leone from stigmas like war, Blood Diamond, International Fraud, Teen violence etc.
Are these the diplomats that this government would refuse to give a decent exit, though they need to go home and continue with their lives?
The diplomats cannot leave without their June salaries because they owe their landlords, banks and service-providers like the gas and electric companies in America and abroad for the month of June.
The government did not send the insufficient repatriation benefits until the 15th when the diplomats had already incurred new debts and commitments.
Would it not be criminal for the diplomats to abandon these debts and move out of their rented houses illegally and return to Sierra Leone? Were they to do that, it would be most unbecoming of diplomats and the irate landlords and service-providers could raise an outcry and take legal actions that could tarnish the international respect and reputation of our country.
These are the reasons that the ambassadors have not returned home. They are stranded abroad. The government must try and arrest this shameful impasse.
The UN, international organizations and stakeholders may ostracize the government because this callous behaviour by President Bio's men, contravenes civility and the Geneva Convention on the treatment of diplomats.
As the government continues to stick to its guns and refuse to give the diplomats their due repatriation benefits and June salary, the problem will worsen as the diplomats will owe rent and utility services for July, if they do not move out before the 15th.
From all indications, it seems like the SLPP government is taking out on the diplomats whatever grudges it is harbouring for the APC. It would also seem like the Bio government is really determined to embarrass the diplomats.
They started by firing the diplomats illegally and on social media, without following the usual diplomatic channels and protocols. They went on the rampage to blackmail them with cheap media and radio propaganda.
But the truth will only be hidden and covered for a short while. At its own time, it will twig its head and come to light.
The government will eventually end up embarrassing itself and the country, if this impasse continues and results in a scandalous diplomatic furore that will bring ill-fame and shame to the country.
Share this: Tumblr
Email
Print
Google
Reddit
LinkedIn
Twitter
WhatsApp
More
Pinterest
Facebook
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Surge in Chinese corporate investment into the US
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
One of the most popular couples in town, Virat Kohli and Anushka Sharma got hitched in a private ceremony yesterday in the morning.
Ever since 'Virushka' as fans lovingly call them made their wedding announcement on Twitter, there has been a flood of inside pictures and video on social media. We have compiled some of the fresh ones for you. Check them out here...
Candid Moment Anushka Sharma's laugh has set Virat Kohli into thinking mode. Maybe Mr Captain is thinking about 'Shaadi Ke Effects'! A Private Affair Virat and Anushka took vows in a 'hush-hush' ceremony at Borgo Finocchieto in Italy in the attendance of their close family and a few friends. 'Virushka' Just Can't Take Their Eyes Off Each Other That's what you call true love! Virat- Anushka Shared The Good News With Their Fans They took to Twitter and wrote, "Today we have promised each other to be bound in love forever. We are truly blessed to share this wonderful news with you. This beautiful day will be made more special with the love and support of our family of fans and well wishers. Thank you for being such an important part of our journey." A Fairy-Tale Wedding These two have just given us some wedding goals! What's Next On Their Mind We hear that the couple plans to host a reception in New Delhi for their relatives on 21st December which will be followed by a reception for industry friends and cricketers in Mumbai on 26th December. Virat's Droolworthy Looks Here's one more click of the dashing Virat Kohli! We Are Spellbound 'Ae Dil Hai Mushkil' to not fall in love with this stunning bride!
Meanwhile, this video of Anushka as 'bride' making her way towards the wedding mandap for her 'saat pheras' with Virat is just too beautiful...
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Markets outlook: the big issues facing investors in 2017
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
[April 24, 2018] New Lastline Report Finds that 90 Percent of Malware it Analyzes is Given Generic, Unhelpful Labels by AV Tools, Among Additional Actionable Malware Insights
REDWOOD CITY, Calif., April 24, 2018 /PRNewswire/ -- Lastline Inc., the leader in advanced network-based malware protection, today announced the results of its first comprehensive malware behavior report, the Q4 2017 Malscape® Monitor Report. This report is the first in an on-going series that will deliver previously unavailable trends and actionable insights into malicious behaviors and how threats unfold. The tens of millions of samples that Lastline analyzed for this report were for the most part scanned and released by other security solutions, meaning Lastline is literally "The Last Line of Defense®." Reflecting the objects analyzed in the last quarter of 2017, the report found: Enterprises, and malware authors, use a wide range of file types, illustrating the need to have protection parity across all attack vectors
Of the objects received via email or online and cleared by other security tools, one in 500 were found to be malicious, resulting in malware being introduced daily into enterprise networks
Sixty-five percent of malware files had never been submitted to VirusTotal and were seen only once by Lastline, leaving signature-based detection technologies ineffective
One in 12 malware samples exhibit particular advanced persistent threat capabilities that make them hard to detect and particularly dangerous
Ninety percent of files that Lastline determined to be malicious were given generic labels by AV tools, such as trojan.generic, providing limited guidance for successul remediation and leaving enterprises exposed to subsequent attacks resulting from compromised credentials
The file types that malware authors used to launch attacks varied widely across regions, as did the payloads and targets The company also is announcing the Lastline Behavioral Intelligence Program, an innovative behavior-based approach to threat intelligence that will improve security effectiveness, speed to remediation, and completeness of remediation. Using data from Lastline's global deployment of millions of sensors, the program will make unique actionable information about cybersecurity threats publicly available to inform security teams' ability to detect and block attacks and improve their efforts to secure email, web access, corporate networks, and cloud storage and apps. "The Lastline Behavioral Intelligence Program is built on core strengths of Lastline – our understanding of malicious behaviors and our ability to connect them to intrusions and breaches," noted Lastline CEO and co-founder, Chris Kruegel. "With this program, we're overcoming serious shortcomings in existing threat intelligence systems that deliver one-time IoCs that are essentially useless for blocking future attacks, resulting in broken incident response processes and ineffective intrusion defenses."
The program initially will consist of online access to threat analysis showing how malicious files are delivered, including new trends as they emerge, which will help security teams bolster defenses. In addition, Lastline will release high-level views of malware in the wild, such as the Malscape Monitor Report, details of threats against specific market segments or geographies, and details of a particular attack's capabilities plus remediation recommendations. Go to the Threat Intelligence section of the company's website to access all materials available through the Lastline Behavioral Intelligence Program. About Lastline Lastline provides breach protection products that are innovating the way companies defend against advanced malware with fewer resources and at lower cost. We deliver the visibility, context, analysis, and integrations enterprise security teams need to quickly and completely eradicate malware-based threats before damaging and costly data breaches occur. Headquartered in Redwood City, California with offices throughout North America, Europe and Asia, Lastline's technology is used by Global 5000 enterprises, is offered directly and through resellers and security service providers, and is integrated into leading third-party security technologies worldwide. www.lastline.com View original content with multimedia:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/new-lastline-report-finds-that-90-percent-of-malware-it-analyzes-is-given-generic-unhelpful-labels-by-av-tools-among-additional-actionable-malware-insights-300634727.html SOURCE Lastline Inc.
[ Back To TMCnet.com's Homepage ]
LONDON, UNITED KINGDOM--(Marketwired - Feb 15, 2017) - NewVoiceMedia, a leading global provider of inside sales and contact centre technology that helps businesses sell more, serve better and grow faster, has been awarded Corporate Vision's 2017 UK Technology and Software Top 10 Award for its ContactWorld solution.
ContactWorld is a multi-tenant intelligent communications platform that enables sales and service reps to have more successful conversations with their customers and prospects worldwide. Core contact centre functionality such as omni-channel contact routing, self-service IVR, automated outbound dialling, screen pops and instantaneous CRM updates are provided with proven 99.999% platform availability.
Jonathan Miles, Chief Editor at Corporate Vision, a monthly magazine dedicated to all aspects of the corporate landscape, commented, "Corporate Vision's UK Technology and Software Top 10 is our look at the most innovative and leading firms from across this competitive sector. These awards are designed to showcase the individuals and firms we believe have truly taken the sector by storm, through their drive, determination and dedication to product innovation. We're delighted to recognise these pioneers and showcase their expertise to our international readership".
The award closely follows several other victories for NewVoiceMedia including recognition in Deloitte's Technology Fast 500 EMEA programme and Softech International's Leading Experts in Tech Awards, and further validates the company's position as a leader in the cloud communications industry. NewVoiceMedia now serves more than 650 customers worldwide, including PhotoBox, MobileIron, Lumesse, Vax, JustGiving and Canadian Cancer Society.
"We are delighted to have won Corporate Vision's UK Technology and Software Top 10 Award for our ContactWorld solution", said Jonathan Gale, NewVoiceMedia CEO. "Our cloud contact centre and inside sales platform is transforming the experiences that sales and service professionals offer their customers and prospects, ensuring every interaction is unique and personalised. This award is further testament that our solutions really are best-in-class and we're really pleased to have been formally recognised".
Miles added, "I would like to congratulate NewVoiceMedia on its Ones to Watch: UK Technology and Software Top 10 award win. It is marvellous to see that this firm has excelled in the industry and to hear about how NewVoiceMedia's cloud software joins up communication channels to uncover the facts that help resolve a customer issue or make a sale. I wish them every success for the future".
For more information about NewVoiceMedia, visit www.newvoicemedia.com
About NewVoiceMedia
NewVoiceMedia's cloud contact centre and inside sales platform delivers more successful conversations.
The leading vendor's award-winning customer contact platform helps organisations worldwide build a more personal relationship with every customer or prospect. It joins up all communications channels without expensive, disruptive hardware changes and plugs straight into your CRM for full access to hard-won data. With a true cloud environment and proven 99.999% platform availability, NewVoiceMedia ensures complete flexibility, scalability and reliability.
NewVoiceMedia's 650+ customers include PhotoBox, MobileIron, Lumesse, Vax, JustGiving and Canadian Cancer Society. For more information, visit www.newvoicemedia.com or follow NewVoiceMedia on Twitter @NewVoiceMedia.
Image copyright Reuters/BBC
Sergei Skripal and his daughter Yulia were being monitored by the Russian authorities in the months before their poisoning, BBC Newsnight understands.
The government alleged, in a letter to Nato, that the Russian authorities had hacked into Yulia's email account in 2013.
I understand briefings given to UK ministers and allied governments suggested it went well beyond this.
Sergei and his daughter were poisoned in Salisbury in March.
With the police investigation not saying whether it has identified any suspects, four months after the Salisbury incident, the UK government's case against Russia is still based largely on secret intelligence.
Both former spy Sergei, and his daughter, had been monitored for some time before March this year - something found out after the poisoning.
Yulia's mobile phone has since been closely studied for signs of malware that could have allowed it to be used to track her whereabouts.
Questions remain though about whether any of the surveillance of her and her father was detected before the attempt, and should have prompted an increased level of protection.
The other main reason why the government blamed Russia rests with the identification of so-called Novichok nerve agent and its specific chemical properties.
Experts from the OPCW international watchdog were invited to Salisbury to take samples in late March.
They confirmed the UK's identification of the agent in the unclassified section of their report, which emphasised the high purity of the agent used to poison the Skripals.
Image copyright PA Image caption Investigators in hazmat suits walk near where Sergei and Yulia were found
I understand that the classified section goes into further detail both about the purity and persistence of the poison.
From this, it was deduced that the Novichok was produced by people employing a high level of skill in a very advanced laboratory.
The inference was that the nerve agent could only have come from one or two labs in the world.
Novichok agents were developed in the last days of the USSR, at the Shikhany facility in southern Russia.
My meetings with Sergei Skripal
I met Sergei on a few occasions last summer and found him to be a private character who did not, even under the circumstances then prevailing, wish to draw attention to himself.
He agreed to see me as a writer of history books rather than as a news journalist, since I was researching one on the post-Cold War espionage battle between Russia and the West.
Information gained in these interviews was fed into my Newsnight coverage during the early days after the poisoning. I have not felt ready until now to acknowledge explicitly that we had met, but do now that the book is nearing completion.
As a man, Sergei is proud of his achievements, both before and after joining his country's intelligence service.
He has a deadpan wit and is remarkably stoical given the reverses he's suffered in his life; from his imprisonment following conviction in 2006 on charges of spying for Britain, to the loss of his wife Liudmila to cancer in 2012, and the untimely death of his son Alexander (or Sasha) last summer.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Sergei Skripal is pictured here in a court in Moscow in 2006
His domestic routine appeared settled and quiet, with regular visits to the cemetery, favourite shops, and lately the Railway Social Club.
Certainly he did not seem to feel himself under great threat.
Sergei's Salisbury life might be best described as semi-retired, since he was making occasional trips to lecture or advise friendly intelligence services. But this appeared to be a standard arrangement with defectors, the former KGB man Oleg Gordievsky, similarly giving talks to MI6 training courses and foreign agencies.
One theory that investigators are probing is that Russia's spies might have regarded Skripal's activities of this kind as evidence he had re-entered the espionage world.
Both he and his daughter must now make difficult decisions about their future.
Yulia has spoken about her hopes of returning to Russia "one day". Her visit in March was only supposed to last a fortnight but now it is unclear what will become of her. Certainly, she is committed for the time being to helping in her father's recovery.
For Sergei the equation is different. He was not expecting to go back to Russia, and now he knows he will not be returning to his home in this country either. His house in Salisbury, has been bought by the government both as a crime scene and a place still in need of extensive decontamination.
Will he make a new life under an assumed identity in the US or a Commonwealth country?
That promises to be an extremely difficult decision.
Certainly in US witness protection schemes, people are often asked to cut themselves adrift completely from their past. Having seen the peaceful life that he was enjoying in Salisbury last summer, I would imagine that will be very hard for Sergei.
From the UK government point of view there is both an acknowledgement that Sergei and Yulia will be free to make their own choices and also a hope that these will not trigger further political rows with Russia.
The saga of Alexander Litvinenko, killed by polonium poisoning in 2006, shows though that those in government who want to move on from the Skripal affair may not have things all their own way.
In the Litvinenko case, a police arrest warrant for the suspected poisoner, seven months after the deed, reignited the row. Should the police name suspects for Salisbury in the coming months, either in the poisoning or the surveillance of the Skripals that preceded it, then the issue will return to the world's front pages.
Watch Newsnight weekdays 22:30 BBC Two and afterwards on iPlayer.
nataliemaclean.com
Boutari Agiorgitiko 2016
Nemea, Greece
A terrific Greek red wine made from the Agiorgitiko grape. Aromas of red berries, plum, spice, leather, and fresh earth. Racy acidity for tangy tomato sauce dishes. Supple and smooth. Great value.
Alcohol: 12.5%
Sweetness: Dry
Drink: 2017-2020
Luscious Lamb Wine
Price: $13.10
Score: 89/100
LCBO: 172148
Gunsight Rock Cabernet Sauvignon 2015
Paso Robles, California, United States
Campfire smoke and dark fruit on the nose of this attractive, full-bodied Californian Cabernet Sauvignon from the Paso Robles area. Decant 1-2 hours and pair with prime rib
Alcohol: 13.8%
Sweetness: Dry
Drink: 2017-2022
Best Beef Wine
Price: $24.95
Score: 90/100
LCBO: 539197
O'Leary Wines Chardonnay Unoaked 2016
Niagara Peninsula, Ontario V.Q.A., Canada
Crisp and fresh Niagara Chardonnay that's not oak aged. This wine is owned by Shark Tank/Dragon's Den Kevin O'Leary and made by the respected Vineland Estates Winery. Aromas of green apple and Asian pear. Great minerality. Pair with roast chicken or turkey.
Alcohol: 12.5%
Sweetness: Extra Dry
Drink: 2018-2021
Splendid Salad Wine
Price: $14.96
Score: 88/100
LCBO: 307751
Kruger-Rumpf Münsterer Im Pitterberg Riesling Kabinett 2016
Nahe Qualitätswein, Germany
A gorgeous German Riesling with aromas of peach and pear. Off-dry style, medium-bodied. Perfect for glazed ham or mild curries.
Alcohol: 9.8%
Sweetness: Medium
Drink: 2018-2022
Plush Pork Wine
Price: $26.95
Score: 92/100
LCBO: 523969
Alvear Pedro Ximenez De Añada Sherry 2014
Montilla-Moriles D.O.P., Spain
This lovely sweet-style Pedro Ximenez Solera 1927 Sherry is not vintage dated but does have some wine from the 1927 vintages blended in. Dark-hued, rich and complex with aromas of fig jam, molasses and espresso. Great dessert wine.
Alcohol: 16%
Sweetness: Sweet
Drink: 2017-2025
Divine Dessert Wine
Price: $24.95
Score: 92/100
LCBO: 499152
A red card for Craig Mitchell fully 35 minutes from time could not prevent AFC Mansfield making a perfect start to their new league campaign.
The Bulls had just taken the lead at home to Bottesford Town in the Premier Division of the Toolstation Northern Counties East League when Mitchell was dismissed for retaliation after appearing to be punched.
But they not only rode the storm, they also doubled their lead with striker Ollie Fearon's second goal of the game and although Bottesford bagged a late consolation, AFC held on for a 2-1 success.
Games against Bottesford are always a battle and Saturday's, in front of a crowd of 67, proved no different. The visitors are a physical side who can also play some football, which is a dangerous mix, and the action, as expected, started at a furious pace.
Mitchell was twice denied early on, including with a stinging drive that goalkeeper Jordan Douglas parried before the ball was hooked away, and then Fearn failed to find the target after a peach of a pass from Connor Smythe.
Although the midfield battle was fierce, Jamie Green in the home goal had very little to do in the opening 45, which remained goalless. So it came as no surprise when the Bulls took the lead within three minutes of the restart when Bottesford couldn't clear their lines and a neat run and turn from Phil Buxton in the box allowed Fearon the chance to fire home from ten yards.
Two minutes later came the sending-off. Mitchell chased a ball into the box under pressure from Bottesford captain Lee Ridley, who was clearly pulling him back. AFC claims that, on the blind side of the referee, Ridley gave Mitchell two sharp punches into his ribs and when the home man swung an arm to defend himself, the visiting defender went down, clutching his head and rolling about. Mitchell was dismissed, while Ridley escaped without punishment.
Ridley almost rubbed salt into AFC wounds when curling a 25-yard free-kick against a post, with Green beaten, in the 72nd minute. But it was the hosts who found the game's crucial second goal ten minutes later when Fearon turned his marker and fired across Douglas for a superb strike. Declan Bacon pulled a goal back for Bottesford, but The Bulls stood firm.
AFC MANSFIELD LINE-UP -- Green/ Smythe (Cullingworth 84), Dudley, D'Laryea, Annable, Wilson, Fearon, Buxton, Mitchell, Ghaichem (Karkach 80), Dear (Marsden 68). Subs not used: Cheeseman, Wall.
Robert Hwang, CEO of a large iPhone manufacturing company in India, has let slip that the upcoming iPhone will have wireless charging . Hwang told reporters after the company's shareholder's meeting: "Assembly process for the previous generations of [iPhones] have not changed much, though new features like waterproof and wireless charging now require some different testing, and waterproof function will alter the assembly process a bit." 9to5Mac reports:
Tropical Storm Nate was gathering force in the warm waters of the Caribbean Sea on Friday as it made its way toward the U.S. Gulf Coast, which was bracing for a potential direct hit Sunday.
The storm has already unleashed heavy rain and flooding over parts of Central America, where several people have died.
In Nicaragua, the death toll reached at least 11 on Thursday, while thousands of people had to evacuate their homes and several others were reported missing, according to Vice President Rosario Murillo. Nate follows nearly two weeks of heavy rain that has saturated the ground there, reports The Associated Press, and Murillo said that the recent rainfall is not part of Nate's storm system.
In Costa Rica, officials blamed the storm for at least seven deaths, AP says. Schools across the country were suspended Thursday because of heavy rainfall.
In Honduras, two young people drowned in a swollen river, while in neighboring El Salvador a man was killed in a mudslide, reports Reuters.
The National Hurricane Center said Nate was located off the coast of Honduras on Friday morning and headed north northwestward at 14 mph. It had maximum sustained winds of around 45 mph, but forecasters said the winds would pick up over the next couple of days and were expected to reach hurricane force by the time Nate reaches the northern Gulf of Mexico.
A hurricane watch was in effect Friday for parts of Louisiana, including New Orleans, while parts of Mississippi and Alabama were under a tropical storm watch.
Louisiana Gov. John Bel Edwards declared a state of emergency Thursday in anticipation of Nate's arrival and is asking President Trump to declare "a pre-landfall state of emergency."
At a briefing Edwards said Louisiana is expected to take a direct hit early Sunday morning, but parts of the state could feel the force of the winds by Saturday evening. Edwards said rainfall could reach six inches in some areas, with storm surge of up to six feet.
It has been a devastating hurricane season, and Nate is an unwelcome reminder that it is not over yet; the season continues until the end of November.
Louisiana National Guard soldiers have already been helping with recovery efforts in Puerto Rico in Hurricane Maria's aftermath. Now more than 1,000 state guardsmen have been mobilized ahead of Nate, some in New Orleans to monitor drainage pumps, which have already undergone damage.
"We don't anticipate that this is going to cause devastating impact to New Orleans or exceed the ability for the pumps or the electrical generation down there to pump out that water," Edwards said. But he added, "I'm not going to tell you I am not concerned."
Parents spend 140 hours a year getting their child to brush their teeth and get ready for bed, according to new research.
A study into the nighttime routines of 1,000 parents of school-aged children (3-12), found 77 percent are left exhausted following brushing battles and efforts to finally get the children to bed.
That might be because results showed it takes 25 minutes a day for parents to get their kids ready for bed — almost three hours a week or 140 hours a year, not to mention morning time routines.
The incredible tally means parents put in the equivalent of nearly 18 full work days just trying to get their children in bed for the night with freshly cleaned teeth.
The research, which was commissioned by Firefly, makers of children's toothbrushes and oral care solutions, found parents with a 7 or 8-year-old child spend the longest time trying to get their child to bed.
While those with children aged 5-6 spend the most time getting children to brush their teeth, according to the results.
The study also compared the differing approaches of parents when it comes to tackling certain duties and found 57 percent of dads admit having difficulty getting their child to bed compared 63 percent of moms.
But moms have less difficulty getting their kids to put on pajamas and bathe than dads.
Moms are also slightly quicker to get things done, spending two minutes less in the bathroom getting their kids ready than dads who spend an average of 17 minutes a night.
“Every parent knows the struggle of getting kids ready for bed, particularly when it comes to brushing their teeth,” said Geoff Carroll, chief marketing officer of High Ridge Brands-Oral Care. “That's why it's so important to find better products to help make the daily routine more fun for kids and less stressful and exhausting for parents.”
The average parent studied said that only four times out of a possible 14 times a week do the children clean their teeth without any resistance.
And 57 percent of parents say their child will sometimes fib about whether they've cleaned their teeth at all.
As clever as our kids like to think they are, parents are also always one step ahead. Respondents attributed a dry toothbrush, a lack of the toothpaste smell and simply the look on their child's face as a few ways they've found out their child fibbed about brushing their teeth.
And no matter how much we love our kids, parenting is no easy feat. Three-quarters of parents admitted to feeling exhausted after putting their child to bed, with teeth brushing the most exhausting event followed by getting their child to bathe.
Half of the parents even admit to sometimes feeling too exhausted to make sure their child completes their nighttime routine.
In fact, only 48 percent of parents say their child completes their bedtime routine to their satisfaction after just one attempt and nearly a fifth say their child rarely or never does.
“While it can be tempting as a parent to ‘pick your battles' and let kids go to bed without brushing, establishing good oral care is for children is too important,” added Carroll. “Luckily you can engage your kids with toothbrushes featuring their favorite characters or even lightsaber toothbrushes to win that brush battle and develop healthy habits early that will last a lifetime.”
Parents did have a few tricks up their sleeves with half admitting that buying themed pajamas, specific toothpaste with a favorite character on it, toys for the bathtub, and books for bedtime help try to make the nighttime routine easier.
Other helpful items include fun toothbrushes that sing or have lights, fun shampoo and mouthwash with characters on them, and anything with the child's favorite character theme.
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
Mark Maynard's book, “Grind,” seems to contain insider information about the Northern Nevada area and people. If you've ever been to a ski resort, gambled in Reno or have admired the wild mustangs, then this is a book that may resonate with you.
Maynard, a former Reno-Tahoe journalist turned creative writer, grew up in Incline Village, Nev. He was always into reading and writing; he studied English throughout school and was usually ingesting two to three books at a time. After graduating from Incline High School, he moved to San Diego for his undergraduate studies, spent a few years in San Francisco and moved back to the area in 2000. He worked as a journalist, editor and online manager, researching and writing stories about the people, places and experiences around him, which ultimately gave him fuel for his short-story collection, “Grind.”
He worked as a journalist, editor and online manager, researching and writing stories about the people, places and experiences around him, which ultimately gave him fuel for his short-story collection, “Grind.”
In 2003, Maynard taught at Truckee Meadows Community College part time for the flexibility teaching gave him as a stay-at-home dad. While he enjoyed teaching for the social aspect and because he could inspire future writers, Maynard also wanted to improve his writing skills. He entered a low-residency, creative writing master's program at Antioch University Los Angeles where he worked on “Grind.”
“Most of my creative writing was done at home and then we went to L.A. every semester for my residency work. It was a great chance to see if I could really be a writer,” he says, adding that he had to be much more self-disciplined when faced with that much alone time.
While working on his master's degree, Maynard started writing stories that were published in magazines before he ever thought of collecting them into a book. It took him five years to form his collection that was published by Torrey House Press in 2012. His debut work won him the 2015 Nevada Writers Hall of Fame Silver Pen. The book experienced resurgence in popularity when it was selected by the Nevada State Library and Archives as a Nevada Reads Book.
“It was kind of a slow roller, but it's really kept its legs with the Nevada Hall of Fame Silver Pen and being named the Nevada Reads Book [last year],” he says. “With its revival, my publisher put it in a second printing. Torrey Press's focus is writing about the American West and I believe that to date, ‘Grind' is its most urban book.”
His favorite writers — Edward Abbey, Raymond Carver and other notable American West writers — inspired Maynard. He wanted his book to connect to the American West, which is why he chose the final story to be a man on a horse riding off into the sunset.
During the 2016-17 Nevada Reads season, “Grind” was featured in libraries and bookstores all over the state and Maynard gave 15 readings. He is now focused on writing his first novel about the Walker River/Twin Lakes region in the late 19th to early 20th centuries.
“It will be heavily researched; I've been working on it for a couple of months and now that I'm out of school, I want to focus on getting a couple of chapter drafts done,” he says.
Maynard has a short story about Tahoe, titled “Fishing With Charo,” published in the “Tahoe Blues: Short Lit on Life at the Lake” anthology. Still, he finds that he enjoys the challenge of researching other places.
“Writing about Tahoe feels too close to home. And the Tahoe where I grew up is so different than what it is today,” he says.
Along with working on his first novel, Maynard will have a collection of essays on Clint Eastwood coming out in early 2018 and will also be one of the writers in Reno Artown's Literary Death Match on July 13 when writers will go head to head in a boxing ring.
“It's a cross between a reading and ‘Whose Line Is It Anyway?' ” says Maynard. The match begins at 7 p.m. and will be held at Reno's historic Trocadero Room inside the El Cortez Hotel.
For more information, visit markmaynard.info
A 92-year-old woman allegedly killed her son in Arizona because she did not want to be sent to an assisted living facility, authorities said.
Anna Mae Blessing was charged with first degree murder, aggravated assault and kidnapping after authorities found her 72-year-old son dead Monday at their home in Fountain Hills, Maricopa County Sheriff's Office said.
Blessing hid two pistols in the pockets of her robe and shot her son several times in his bedroom, the sheriff's office said in a statement.
Her son's girlfriend was also in the room and said she heard Blessing telling her son she was tired of the way he treated her, court documents said.
“From my understanding, she had thought about it for a few days because there was a dispute regarding her son wanting to put her in an assisted living home,” Maricopa County Sgt. Bryant Vanejas told CNN affiliate KPHO.
Blessing then pointed the gun at her son's girlfriend, who struggled with her until she lost her grip of the gun. When Blessing pulled out the second pistol from her robe, her son's girlfriend also knocked it out of her hand, the statement said.
Once she was disarmed, Blessing sat on a reclining chair until deputies arrived and arrested her, officials said.
“As the suspect was being escorted from the residence, she made a spontaneous statement to the effect of ‘You took my life, so I'm taking yours,'” court documents said.
Blessing moved in with her son and his girlfriend about six months ago, the affiliate reported.
She told deputies she had purchased one of the guns in the late 1970s and that her husband gave her the other pistol, court documents say.
Information on her attorney was not immediately available.
A man convicted years ago for killing a 22-year-old, chopping up his body, and then putting it in a suitcase said he is ready to face the death penalty next week. (FOX5)
Nevada's Supreme Court is giving each side 30 minutes to argue whether the state should move forward with its first execution of a death row inmate in 12 years.
The court has scheduled oral arguments in Carson City Tuesday in the case of twice-convicted killer Scott Raymond Dozier.
Dozier was found guilty of the 2002 murder of 22-year-old Jeremiah Miller, whose torso was found in a suitcase in a Las Vegas trash bin. He also was convicted of second-degree murder of another victim, whose torso was buried in the Arizona desert.
The state wants to execute him with a three-drug combination never used before in the United States.
Dozier says he wants to die and doesn't care what drugs are used.
The American Civil Liberties Union says the potential for a botched execution amounts to cruel or unusual punishment.
Copyright 2018 Associated Press. All rights reserved.
MIAMI (AP) -- By the 16th inning, the Tampa Bay Rays had their backup catcher pitching, and the Miami Marlins had one of their pitchers pinch-hit.
It was a battle of attrition, and Tampa Bay won.
Jake Bauers hit a tiebreaking two-out, two-run double in a five-run 16th, ending the Rays' 13-inning scoreless streak and lifting them over Miami 9-6 on Tuesday night.
"There were a lot of people doing things they're not used to doing," Bauers said.
That included Rays reliever Vidal Nuno (2-1), who pitched two scoreless innings and also had two hits. He was thrown out on a headfirst slide trying to stretch a single into a double in the 15th, singled home a run in the 16th and then left the game after straining his right hamstring sprinting to first base.
Nuno will likely go on the disabled list, manager Kevin Cash said.
"What a performance," Cash said. "Amazing."
"That was an incredible effort by Nuno, especially the dive into second base ," Bauers said. "That was one of the crazier things I've seen on a baseball field."
Nuno became the first American League reliever to record two or more hits and earn a victory in the same game since the designated hitter rule was adopted in 1973.
Miami's J.T. Realmuto led off the 15th with a double, but Nuno pitched out of the jam.
With the Rays leading 9-4 in the 16th and short on pitchers, backup catcher Jesus Sucre took the mound for the bottom of the inning but gave up three consecutive singles and a sacrifice fly.
Jose Alvarado came on and walked pinch-hitting pitcher Dan Straily before Cameron Maybin grounded out to end the 5 1/2-hour marathon. That gave the Rays their ninth win in 11 games.
"It got a little stressful there at the end," Cash said. "We appreciate the win, but we're beat up."
Announced attendance was 6,259, and a few hundred remained at the finish. The Marlins offered two tickets to each fan leaving after the game.
Johnny Field singled to start the Rays' five-run 16th against Brett Graves (0-1), and Carlos Gomez was hit by a pitch. After Kevin Kiermaier hit into a double play, Matt Duffy walked, and both scored on Bauers' double.
The runs were the first for the Rays since the second inning, when they led 4-0.
Right fielder Mallek Smith was yanked in the fourth inning for missing a sign, Cash said, which left the Rays even more shorthanded in the late innings. Reliever Sergio Romo batted in the 12th, struck out and remains hitless in his career.
"Definitely not how you draw it up in a lot of different ways," Duffy said. "In a 16-inning game there are going to be some ugly things. Not an ideal day, but we're happy to come out with the win."
Wilson Ramos hit a two-run homer for the Rays, his 12th.
Miami's Brian Anderson singled home a run in the fifth and has 33 hits with runners in scoring position to lead the majors. Teammate Justin Bour had three hits and scored once.
Rays center fielder Kiermaier threw out Anderson trying to score on a flyout to end the fifth and keep the score at 4-all. Tampa Bay's Chaz Roe struck out Realmuto with runners at second and third in the bottom of the ninth to force extra innings.
"A lot of ifs and buts in a game like that," Marlins manager Don Mattingly said.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Marlins: RHP Sandy Alcantara will be placed on the 10-day disabled list with an infection under his upper right arm.
Rays: RHP Chris Archer (left abdominal strain) threw four hitless innings in a rehab start for Class A Charlotte. ... RHP Jake Faria (left oblique strain) is scheduled to throw live batting practice Wednesday.
UP NEXT
Marlins RHP Jose Urena (2-9, 4.40), sidelined since June 20 with right shoulder impingement, is expected to come off the disabled list to start Wednesday afternoon against RHP Matt Andriese (1-3, 3.86).
------
More AP baseball: apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Roger Goodell: NFL will fine teams for players not complying with national-anthem rule On May 23, 2018, NFL owners came up with a new policy concerning player actions and expectations during the playing of the national anthem. Last season saw onfield protests of kneeling for social causes. That didn't resonate with every fan. Jeff Siner ×
crossOrigin="anonymous" SHARE COPY LINK On May 23, 2018, NFL owners came up with a new policy concerning player actions and expectations during the playing of the national anthem. Last season saw onfield protests of kneeling for social causes. That didn't resonate with every fan. Jeff Siner
Summit Street School kindergarteners hosted an assembly last week to commemorate a month-long project that taught them the meaning of Memorial Day and introduced them to a few new friends.
Kerry Mahoney's kindergarten class hosts the school's Memorial Day assembly every year to culminate a full-circle curriculum about the holiday, which includes a learning component, a service project and an integrated arts assignment.
“It teaches them to really show their appreciate toward veterans and how they help keep our country safe, and how to do service projects for our community,” Mahoney said.
This year, she contacted Vermont Paws and Boots, which provides service dogs to veterans and first responders. Four veterans, including founder Michelle LeBlanc, visited Mahoney's classroom last month and taught about the difference between service and therapy dogs.
The veterans also discussed their lives both during and after the military and told the class how their service dogs have helped them.
The students made pieces of art, including painted portraits of the pooches, and dog toys. They then went into the community alongside several other Summit Street classes to change flags at all the veteran headstones in the village cemetery and Fairview cemetery, where Mahoney's father is buried.
The projects wrapped up with a final video detailing their efforts and a special dance they performed during the assembly.
Mahoney, who's been at Summit Street for over 14 years, said every project helps in different ways. Last year, her classes made poppy wall hangings and delivered them to veterans at the Burlington-based Starr Farm Nursing Center.
“It's just great for both friendship and understanding, compassion, empathy,” she said. “That's why we do it every year.”
The benefits seem to go both ways. “Absolutely amazing what these kids did,” LeBlanc said after the assembly. “That was really cool.”
LeBlanc said it's humbling to see students so young take pride in being patriotic. She said Mahoney's annual project is powerful because it shows students Memorial Day goes beyond just picnics and car sales.
“This is because people died so we can what we want to do every day,” she said.
LeBlanc, who's a corporal in the Vermont State Police, started Vermont Paws after years of working as a K9 handler. Her program serves both veterans and first responders and is about to graduate its third class. She said one of the biggest threats to both veterans and first responders is the stigma that comes with asking for help. That's slowly changing, she said, but there's still a long way to go.
“When you start these kids out this young, I hope it follows through with them, because putting a face with a story that you hear, I think, is just a very powerful message,” she said.
One of her students, Joe, attended last Thursday's assembly alongside his service dog, Emma, a rescue from Texas. Joe is a 33-year retired veteran who covered three conflicts during his service. He said Emma has helped him “open up” his life again, giving him a welcome responsibility and purpose.
“I'm back,” he said.
Students lined up at the end of the assembly to individually thank all veterans in attendance, including one of their own: Gavin Mills, a Summit Street paraprofessional. There was a fair share of wide eyes and excited giggles as students and veterans shook hands, matched only by the joy of giving a quick pat to their trusty sidekicks.
For what is often a somber weekend for many veterans across the country, the assembly seemed to be a happy send-off for LeBlanc and her students.
“This is America,” Joe said after the assembly, smiling.
Geoff Dennis, Head:Global Emerging Market Strategy, UBS Securities, discussed the outlook for emerging markets, starting with the lack of impact from political risk. He told Doug Krizner and David Ingles that Russia and South Korea both look attractive. He went on to consider trade conflict, saying he expects China will try to remain aloof on such matters.
Running time 06:36
RAYNE - Funeral services will be held on Monday, December 11, 2017 at 10:30 am in Gossen Funeral Home Chapel in Rayne, LA for Lydia Bergeron Comeaux, 96, who died Friday, December 8, 2017 at Maison de Lafayette Nursing Home in Lafayette LA.
Interment will be in the Lady of the Sacred Heart Cemetery #1 in Church Point, LA.
Rev. Christopher Cambre, Associate Pastor of St. Joseph Catholic Church in Rayne, LA will be conducting the funeral services.
Mrs. Lydia Bergeron Comeaux was born in Church Point, LA and lived in Rayne, LA for the past 40 years. She was a member of the Catholic Daughters and enjoyed sewing, and gardening.
Survivors include sister, Mildred Bergeron Hammond and husband Lou of Lady Lake, FL, numerous nieces and nephews and numerous great nieces and nephews.
She was preceded in death by husband, Walter Comeaux, daughter, Bernadine Comeaux, father, Eustice Bergeron, mother, Aline Bergeron, sister, Winnie Bergeron Gautreaux, four brothers, Clifford Bergeron, brother, Laurace Bergeron, brother, Avery Bergeron, Ferdie Bergeron.
The family requests that visitation be observed in Gossen Funeral Home in Rayne LA on Monday December 11, 2017 from 8:00 am to 10:30 am.
Friends may view the obituary and guestbook online at www.gossenfuneralhome.net.
Arrangements have been entrusted to Gossen Funeral Home, Inc. of Rayne, LA, (337) 334-3141.
Investors, haunted once again by trade war fears, are shifting funds to safer options according to experts. The US has rattled China once again, with renewed threats of trade tariffs, which has earned a warning of trade war retaliation from Chinese officials. This led to a selloff on Wall Street yesterday and sent the Nikkei spiraling down 1.5 per cent to close at 22,018.
Investors are also concerned about the possibility of another Brexit-style upheaval in Europe as Italy could face a summer election with anti-euro parties eyeing power. Analysts say US Treasuries and German Bunds are becoming the safe haven for investor dollars.
The price of oil continues to back down as world producers increase output, but the price of US crude is steady at 66.74 a barrel.
Traders are expecting another drop in the TSX caused by falls in the energy and financial sectors.
Meanwhile, the Bank of Canada will be announcing its position on interest rates at 10am, with analysts suggesting the benchmark will likely remain at 1.25 per cent.
When Owen Wilson first voiced Lightning McQueen, he was a Hollywood bachelor. More than a decade later, he's a father anxiously anticipating key Cars 3 reviews. The assessments will come from his sons Robert, 6, and Finn, 3. “My kids are here today and they are going to the premiere tonight,” says Wilson a few hours before the Anaheim Convention Center red carpet event. “It's exciting for me to watch the movie with them and get their reaction. It makes it a cool experience.”
In the latest Pixar animated movie, Lightning (voiced by Wilson) is a veteran racer but not as successful as he once was. A new generation of racers are taking over, including the self-important Jackson Storm (Armie Hammer). To improve Lightning's approach, slick new sponsor Mr. Sterling (Nathan Fillion) provides a modern makeover, which means working alongside enthusiastic trainer Cruz Ramirez (Cristela Alonzo).
Returning from past Cars productions are Sally Carrera (Bonnie Hunt), Ramone (Cheech Marin) and Mater (Larry the Cable Guy), who shows up a few times to deliver one-liners.
“A lot of people would like to have a neighbour like Mater,” says Larry the Cable Guy, a.k.a. Daniel Whitney. “He may not be the smartest fork in the knife drawer but he's a faithful friend, and that's what everybody would like to have.”
So let the Cars 3 journey begin. The third one's interspersed with lots of laughs, some intense NASCAR racing sequences and a few life lessons. Indeed, the latest is a redo of the formula that made 2006's Cars and 2011's Cars 2 big hits for fans of all ages. “I know when they were first animating the cars, they were figuring out how they were going to do the eyes,” Wilson says. “There is something that is kind of human (and) inviting about the expressions.”
But there is substance to the Cars 3 narrative. That's according to Alonzo, the stand-up comic who voices Cruz. “What I like about Cruz is that she's very good at what she does, but she still has doubts about herself regarding the same skill she uses to coach the cars,” Alonzo says.
Over the course of the film, Cruz learns to have faith in her abilities: “At the end of the day,” adds the comic, “the only way you can ensure that you can do your best is to actually go for it and trust your instincts.”
Even better, Cruz's potential for success is measured by initiative, not gender. “That's a great way to do a story about female empowerment, by reminding everybody that we're all pretty much alike,” says Alonzo. “If you work hard and have the skill, whoever is the best will win.”
On the other hand, Hammer's Jackson Storm is another story. He's the “next gen” racer who is smarter and sleeker. “At the same time, there's not the same heart in (winning), not the same spirit and love in it,” says Hammer of the Cars 3 antagonist. “It's more of a technicality, so it's a big paradigm shift in a world where so much of it is the love of (racing).”
The true believer significance is found in the relationship between Lightning and Cruz, who support each other at the right times and for the right reasons. “It's an important message for everybody,” says Wilson. “It's the idea that we all need encouragement, and everybody sometimes falls a little short or fails, but we are part of a community.”
Dangerous Bug Puts Apple macOS High Sierra Devices at Risk
A huge security issue with Apple's most recent operating system update for Mac allows anyone to log into devices running the OS without a password. The vulnerability was reported yesterday by a software developer on Twitter.
The macOS High Sierra bug was discovered last week by a member of the infrastructure staff at iyzico, a Turkish payment management platform provider, according to Lemi Orhan Ergin, a "software craftsman" at the company. Ergin said staff members reported the vulnerability to Apple on Nov. 23, and he disclosed the flaw publicly in a tweet on Tuesday.
Anyone running macOS High Sierra can resolve the issue quickly with a "simple fix," security writer Brian Krebs noted yesterday: "Change the root account's password now."
One of Apple's 'Most Embarrassing Vulnerabilities'
News of a vulnerability that opens up password-free root access to any Mac device running High Sierra shocked many users and security experts.
"The macOS High Sierra 'root' user bug is insane... just tried it for myself & cannot believe it actually worked," tweeted programmer William LeGate. "I can't think of anything worse that has been shipped by a major operating system in the past decade."
Forbes writer Thomas Fox-Brewster wrote yesterday that the bug "may go down as one of the most embarrassing vulnerabilities in Apple history."
One small bright spot may be that the vulnerability requires local access and appears difficult, though not impossible, to exploit remotely. This led multimedia developer Greg Edwards to tweet, "Are you running macOS High Sierra, and if so, when will you be away from your desk for 10-15 minutes today?"
"We are working on a software update to address this issue," Apple said in a statement to news outlets. "In the meantime, setting a root password prevents unauthorized access to your Mac. To enable the Root User and set a password, please follow the instructions here: https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT204012. If a Root User is already enabled, to ensure a blank password is not set, please follow the instructions from the 'Change the root password' section."
Reactions to Bug 'Like a Blast'
In a Medium post today, Ergin today said his Twitter disclosure about the Mac bug was met with "many reactions like a blast." He added that his intent with yesterday's tweet wasn't to harm Apple or Apple users, but to "warn Apple and say 'there is a serious security issue in High Sierra, be aware of it and fix it."
While Ergin's disclosure has received widespread attention, the bug was actually reported earlier this month in a Apple Developer Forum thread about macOS High Sierra. A user responding to a question about creating an admin account in the operating system noted on Nov. 13 that one solution was to log in at startup with the username "root" and an empty password.
"Oh my god that should not work but it does," another user responded yesterday on the forum. "This is really REALLY bad. Some bug in authentication is ENABLING root with no password the first time it fails!"
Several experts have lambasted Apple for allowing the vulnerability in the first place.
"This is pretty bad of Apple," noted security writer Graham Cluley, who also took the company to task two months ago for another macOS High Sierra bug that displayed a user's password in plaintext upon clicking the "Show Hint" button.
In the case of a fix for this latest vulnerability, "I would imagine [Apple] will be pushing it out as a high priority," Cluley said. When that happens, "Make sure to update your Macs and MacBooks at your earliest opportunity after it is released," he added.
Image credit: Apple.
From the elaborate scholarship surprises for college football programs file comes this gem that took place in Minnesota last week.
Let's set the scene: Gophers football players are told they're going to participate in an Easter egg hunt in pairs while taped to each other. When they return to the meeting room, they're told to open the plastic shells. The message, it appears, is that walk-on linebacker Blake Cashman got a scholarship:
A few notes from the video: There's a wave of noise as various players figure it out first, Cashman's speech is simple but perfect, and the team gets even more pumped up to get dinner at Fogo de Chao, which is the right reaction.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings. SUBSCRIBE
Melania Trump wants to bring social media giants together at the White House next week to discuss online harassment, despite her husband's own affinity for lobbing insults on social media.
Her invitation to a handful of major tech companies is her biggest step yet toward addressing cyberbullying, a key issue of her platform before becoming first lady, but one the public has heard little about until recently.
"Mrs. Trump has simply asked for a meeting to discuss one of the many things that impacts children — as she has done many times in the past, on several different topics," Stephanie Grisham, Mrs. Trump's spokeswoman, told NBC News in an email.
The meeting, which was first reported by The Washington Post, is set for Tuesday. However, Grisham did not immediately respond to a follow-up question regarding the goals of the meeting and whether any of the tech giants, presumably Facebook, Twitter, Google and Snap, had committed to attend.
Two sources familiar with the situation who were not permitted to speak publicly confirmed that invitations had been sent for a meeting next week.
Sources who spoke with the Post said Mrs. Trump plans to ask the tech companies about what efforts they're making to tackle online trolls, bots and other malicious content. They added that they don't expect her to be involved in drafting any potential policy proposals.
Of course, the meeting — if it happens — has the potential to draw attention to calls for Mrs. Trump to end cyberbullying in her own home, starting with getting the president to tone down his tweets.
During a lunch with spouses of governors visiting the White House last month, the first lady called on everyone to practice "positive habits with social media and technology."
“As I have said before, it is important that, as adults, we take the lead and the responsibility in helping our children manage the many issues they are facing today,” she said. “This means encouraging positive habits with social media and technology, even limiting time online and understanding the content they are exposed to on a daily basis.”
Fed up with politics, Brazil cities swear in outsider mayors
hello
Evangelical bishop and senator Marcelo Crivella, bishop of the Universal Church of the Kingdom of God, wears a hat as he attends his inauguration ceremony as Rio de Janeiro's mayor, Sunday, Jan. 1, 2017. Associated Press
Evangelical bishop and senator Marcelo Crivella, right, receives the key of the city from the former mayor Eduardo Paes during his inauguration ceremony in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, Sunday, Jan. 1, 2017. (AP Photo/Leo Correa) Associated Press
Marcelo Crivella, senator and bishop of the Universal Church of the Kingdom of God speaks during his inauguration ceremony as mayor of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, Sunday, Jan. 1, 2017. Associated Press
São Paulo -- Brazil's two biggest cities on Sunday inaugurated mayors who are political outsiders and whose victories underscored deep frustration with the political class and public corruption.
Joao Doria, a millionaire businessman who once hosted "The Apprentice Brazil," took the oath of office in the country's financial capital of São Paulo. He defeated an ally of the president as well as the incumbent. Evangelical bishop and senator Marcelo Crivella was also sworn in, as Rio de Janeiro's mayor. He also defeated an ally of the president.
The victories of these unusual candidates speak to the depth of Brazilian discontent with politics. While many Brazilians have long dismissed their politicians as corrupt, an investigation into kickbacks at the state-run oil company Petrobras has revealed graft on a scale that has shocked even the most cynical. Arrests of politicians and businessmen seem to occur every week.
In an absurd illustration of Brazil's rampant corruption, just 10 of 15 city councilmen were choosing an interim mayor for Foz de Iguacu on Sunday. The electoral court rejected the winner of the mayoral election in that city, the gateway to Iguacu Falls, because he was convicted of wrongdoing in office. Only 10 councilmen can vote on Sunday because the other five have been arrested on charges of corruption. A new mayoral election will be held in the coming months.
After his swearing in, Doria, who ran on the fact that he wasn't a politician but a successful businessman, promised a "strict adherence to ethics in public management at all levels of executive power."
He also spoke to voters' concerns about mismanagement by politicians, promising a better-run, cleaner, fairer São Paulo for all residents - a massive task in a city that is a symbol of the enormous inequalities found in Brazil, where a poor family might live in a hastily constructed shanty but millionaires commute by helicopter.
"I am a manager, and I will put management first for the city of São Paulo," he said.
Crivella faces an especially tough task in Rio, which is essentially broke and has struggled to pay police and other public servants, even as it tries to clamp down on rampant crime. Rio residents blame the economic problems on corruption, while others say the government overextended itself to host the 2016 Olympics.
In one speech Sunday, Crivella said every department would have to show that it had sufficient funds in hand before announcing new spending.
"Before this work is done, the order is the following: spending is prohibited," he said.
Later, Crivella said he had already started making cuts, slashing in half the number of heads of departments in his administration, and that a further reduction in public sector jobs would follow.
"We will have to do more with less," he said at a ceremony attended by many evangelical leaders, even some who opposed Crivella's candidacy, were present.
In addition to its political implications, Crivella's election is also a sign of the rise of evangelicals in Brazil. Although Brazil is largely Roman Catholic, the evangelical community now accounts for one-fifth of the population of around 200 million.
Revelations of widespread corruption throughout the past year have exacerbated an already uneasy political situation in Brazil, which is also in deep recession. The last president, Dilma Rousseff, was impeached and removed from office in mid-2016 on charges she broke budget laws.
Current President Michel Temer took over amid hopes he would push through reforms and rescue an economy in deep recession. But questions about Temer's legitimacy and that of his reform agenda have dogged him since he took office. More recently, he has been accused of abusing his power - an allegation he denies.
Through it all, anger with politicians in Brazil has grown. Protests have drawn people from across the political spectrum seeking an outlet for their disgust.
___
Associated Press writer Sarah DiLorenzo reported this story in São Paulo and AP writer Mauricio Savarese reported from Rio de Janeiro.
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
DAVIE (CBSMiami) – The Miami Dolphins completed the second day of the team's three day minicamp on Wednesday.
Most of the attention following the practice surrounded the strong performance by the Dolphins receivers, with specific props going to DeVante Parker.
The third year receiver caught everything thrown his way, including a touchdown of at least 30 yards from Ryan Tannehill.
Parker has drawn nothing but praise from his coaches throughout the offseason program.
The rookie changed a lot of his living habits, making sure he is eating healthier, staying hydrated and sleeping well, in addition to staying in top physical shape.
Aside from Parker, second year wideout Jakeem Grant and undrafted rookie Drew Morgan stood out as well.
The media was provided four players on Wednesday, along with Coach Gase.
Defensive back Walt Aikens, defensive tackle Ndamukong Suh and offensive linemen Jermon Bushrod and Anthony Steen answered questions.
Here are the best quotes from each:
ADAM GASE
“There were a lot of people trying to help point [DeVante Parker] in the right direction; but at the end of the day, he has to do it day in and day out when he's outside the building. I think he just gravitated to it and stuck with his plan that was made for him during the season. Then once the season ended, he really just carried it on, on his own. To me, it's evident that he started working on things a lot earlier than probably what he's ever done, or he's been able to do. It's really paid off for him. You see a different guy out there every day. I should say he's not a different guy every day, but the consistency compared to what we saw last spring. He is constantly moving as fast as you see him on game day. He really treats every day like it's a game.”
“It seems like the longer we get to do this and we're all together every day in meetings and practice, it's just the communication. When you come in here to watch film, guys talking to each other, giving reasons why they did certain things, what they'd be thinking and if a different coverage would come up on certain concepts. It's just that constant talking that goes on. That's really all you want to have happened is you give them an outline of what you're looking for and you let those guys really take it to the next level and kind of make it their own. You don't want to just say ‘This is what it is and live with it.' We really just try to give them that framework and let those guys take it from there.”
“I think [Jakeem Grant has] made some huge strides throughout the spring. I know we were trying to figure out what was the best spot for him. We're just trying to get him to play as fast as he can. He's done a really good job of diving into the playbook, spending … You can tell when a guy spends extra time because some of the little mistakes that you would see as a rookie, you don't see as much anymore. He makes some really good plays.”
“I made a mistake. I should have been playing [Cameron Wake] more early [in games last season]. We were trying to think long term. We're trying to think let's get him the most important snaps during games. When we were getting down, it really put us in a bad spot because we didn't want to stick him out there and all they were doing was pounding the football. We wanted him in there when teams were passing it, we just kept getting behind, and that was putting us at a disadvantage. That's when we decided we have to make sure he's out there more. That's why we made that switch. We thought we were being smart and it backfired on us. We should have just went with … What we should have done was just let him play.”
JERMON BUSHROD
“[Coach Gase is] always going to shoot you straight. He's always going to tell you how he feels about every situation that we've been in – good or bad – or how he could have been better and how we could have been better. That just makes us evaluate ourselves that much tougher, that much harder. So when your head coach can take accountability like that, then it's just a trickle-down effect. We're professionals and that's just how it needs to be so you can fight to win.”
“Last year we lived and learned through a lot of different things. We dug ourselves out of a hole. We took the first few games and we fought to learn from them. We fought to figure out what we were good at, how we could put ourselves in better situations. There's no regrets about it, it's just in life, you have to find a way to correct those mistakes, correct the instances that you could have been in a better position and then when that opportunity comes later on in the season, we ironed out some things and were able to have some success.”
“I know [Ryan Tannehill] was excited to get back. I mean you could see it in his face last year when he didn't have the opportunity to be in there when we were rolling. That's tough on a player. That's tough on any competitor, but the way … He's doing a great job of taking over the huddle, taking over the offense and being the leader that he knows he can be. We all have a better feeling of where we are in this offense and the better feeling he has with the receivers, the better feeling we have up front, all 11 of us kind of feed off each other.”
“I like the way these rookies are coming in here and competing. I like the way this team competes. I like the way the vets get out here and they work. We're going out here in OTAs and minicamp and we're fighting to get some good work in. We're getting after it the way that we're supposed to, but the rookies are coming here and they're fighting. Come training camp, it's going to be a battle. There are going to be a lot of tough decisions that our coaching staff is going to have to make because we've got some good veterans on this team. We've got some good young guys that look like they want to come in, make the team and make some plays. So come training camp, it's going to be a battle.”
ANTHONY STEEN
“I'm just trying to switch everything in my head, especially when you go from right guard and then three plays later he wants you to go to left guard. Some people might not think much of it, but when you're pass blocking, your hands have to go totally opposite when you're switching positions. It's been a little bit of a challenge, but I'm getting the hang of it.”
“Right now it's probably 50-50 [between snaps at guard and at center]. The past two days, I guess today and yesterday, I've done more center than guard. I've done center for three or four team periods then I do right guard for one or two.”
“[Mike Pouncey] still comes to meetings and jokes around with everybody. He's always here, trying to pay attention and watch film. Even though he's not playing or practicing, he's still in there watching film with us trying to stay on top of things.”
“I think right now [Pouncey's] mindset is yes, he's going to play. I think for a player, you've got to think that way. If you think you're not going to make it, then it's not going to happen. You've got to be able to say to yourself ‘I'm going to be the starting center or guard' or whatever. You have to tell yourself you're going to be ready. You can't just want to be in the training room just to be in there. You've got to want to be out of the training room to be able to play.”
“I think [Pouncey is] walking fine. When he was on crutches, you could definitely tell he was struggling a little bit. I think he was 75-80 percent for a while on the crutches. The past two weeks, he's seemed fine to me – three weeks.”
NDAMUKONG SUH
“Charles [Harris], in my opinion, is a very focused kid. He's very excited about his approach to the game. He's very detail oriented. [He] obviously takes coaching very, very well [and] implements it very quickly as you coach him up in-game and [he] listens. Obviously he has been running with the ones and getting a lot of play time in our package we like to run in regards to pass rush. He has had a lot of good things from my opinion, but everybody has got a lot of work to do, so we've got a long way ahead of ourselves.”
“It's exciting to see a guy [Cameron Wake] like that, 1) have the year he had last year, but see how he's coming out and being just as good, if not better, in a lot of ways. I think this will be a very fun and exciting year for him. Obviously, he's not having to worry about injury or anything of that sort, having a good offseason from the looks of it. Obviously, being with him the last four weeks, he's in great shape.”
“I think one of the things of being able to work with a guy like [Wake], the way he rushes … I love the way he rushes. It's actually funny, [we] were talking about that today with [Defensive Line] Coach ‘T' [Terrell Williams]. A lot of people think he's a speed rusher, but a lot of times he uses his speed, but it turns into power. [He's] really a straight line guy. I can learn certain techniques – hands and different stuff like that – from him. And he's obviously seen a lot. I play outside a little bit. So, there are things for me to learn from him, without question.”
“I think I've always prided myself on wanting to be a guy that has been very similar to, obviously, the greats – Reggie White, Warren Sapp – guys of that caliber [that] change the game from their particular position. I'm only eight years into the league. They played many, many more years than me. I still have a lot of work ahead of myself. I think in this particular instance, probably one of the best things I would want people to recognize for me is you have to know where I am at on the football field at all times. If you don't, then I should be causing havoc. And even if you do, I still want to cause havoc.”
WALT AIKENS
“Coach just asked me to come back to corner, get some work and make sure I can stay touched up on my skills. It's something I've been doing since last year since practice days and just going into this OTA, coach let me know ahead of time. It's been good. I like it.”
“As far as special teams goes, that's a place where you can go out there and just balls to the wall ball out. I'm trying to incorporate that into the defense and just listening to what coach tells me to do and any way I can contribute, I'll go out there and do what I need to do.”
“Right now we're just picking up where we left off and trying to improve on the things we failed at last year. I mean [Defensive Coordinator] Coach [Matt] Burke gets us fired up. We go out there every day trying to get better and with the guys we got here now – the drafted rookies and free agents that we picked up this offseason. I mean it's been great going into this season.”
“This isn't really a break for us [after minicamp]. This is a time where we have to actually step it up a notch because we're going to be home and away from the facility for so long. We have to go in and approach it like we're still at camp – we're already in camp. We have to stay working out and continue to eat well. If you're heavy, you get light and if you're light, you gain some good weight. It's more of a workout type break.”
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Share Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Apple has launched a battery replacement program for certain non-Touch Bar models of the 13-inch MacBook Pro whose batteries may expand following a component failure.
The problem doesn't appear to be widespread based on online reports, but it can be quite severe, to judge from photos by wwwebtech on the MacRumors forums.
To see if your MacBook Pro may be affected, enter your serial number into the field on the replacement program's page. If it's covered, you can get the battery replaced at an Apple Authorized Service Provider or an Apple Retail Store, or by sending it to the Apple Repair Center.
Regarding related damage, Apple says:
If your 13-inch MacBook Pro has any damage which impairs the replacement of the battery, that issue will need to be resolved prior to the battery replacement. In some cases, there may be a cost associated with the repair.
However, the user whose MacBook Pro is pictured above reported that while Apple initially said he would be charged, the company later dropped all fees. If you're seeing this expansion now, I suspect the repair will be free (and if it's not, push back). Anyone who has already paid to replace the battery or have a MacBook Pro repaired because of this problem should contact Apple for a refund.
Siemens Gamesa Renewable Energy (SGRE) announced today that the company will supply 98 SWT-2.3-108 wind turbines for an undisclosed project located in Kansas. The wind farm will span across over 40,000 acres of land and can supply enough energy for nearly 73,000 average U.S. homes.
More Headlines Articles
The blades for this project will come from Siemens Gamesa's blade manufacturing facility in Fort Madison, Iowa, USA. The nacelles and hubs will be assembled at the company's nearby nacelle and hub assembly facility in Hutchinson, Kansas, USA, making this a Kansas-made project for Kansas and contributing to investments back into the community. Deliveries for the project are expected to begin mid-2018 and completion of the project is slated for the end of 2018.Siemens Gamesa has installed over 5 GW, or more than 2,300 units, of the SWT-2.3-108 wind turbine in the U.S. In total, the company has provided turbines with an output capacity of more than 18 GW in the U.S., enough energy to power over five million average homes, and has a strong footprint consisting of manufacturing, service and offices.About Siemens Gamesa Renewable EnergySiemens Gamesa is the world's #1 provider of wind power products and solutions, with a market share of more than 17% in 2017. The company has installed products and technology across the globe, with a total installed base of close to 85 GW. Siemens Gamesa offers one of the industry's broadest product portfolios, with both offshore and onshore technology as well as industry-leading service solutions, helping to make clean energy more affordable and reliable. The united company was created in 2017. Previously, Siemens Wind Power's history in the wind industry extends back to the early 1980s, and Gamesa's to 1994.
CLOSE Is Pensacola a strong town? Find out with Chuck Marohn as he leads a pack of speakers across a yearlong series called CivicCon. Brandon Girod/cgirod@pnj.com
Buy Photo Chuck Marohn, president and founder of Strong Towns, speaks to civic and business leaders during CivicCon on Tuesday, Sept. 26, 2017, in Pensacola. (Photo: Gregg Pachkowski/gregg@pnj.com)Buy Photo
Strong Towns President, Chuck Marohn, will return to Pensacola tonight to discuss ways everyday citizens can help make their neighborhoods better.
Strong Towns' is a non-profit organization with a mission of helping American towns and cities become financially strong and resilient. The organization believes the best way to achieve that goal is to teach governments and citizens how to build up communities from within, incrementally over time.
Marohn's presentation tonight, "Neighborhoods First" is aimed at helping everyday people learn how they can make their own neighborhoods safer, more attractive and all around better places to live, and teaching small, incremental investments can make a community stronger over time.
More: CivicCon kickoff: Chuck Marohn on building strong towns
The event is free and open to the public. It will begin at 7 p.m. at the Brownsville Community Center, 3200 W. De Soto St.
More information about Strong Towns is available at strongtowns.org.
Marohn previously visited Pensacola in September as part of CivicCon, a joint effort by the Pensacola News Journal and the Studer Community Institute to create community-wide discussion of how to make our area a better place to live, work, grow and invest.
The presentation is free, but attendees must register at https://www.eventbrite.com/e/neighborhoods-first-with-chuck-marohn-tickets-40915270676
Read or Share this story: http://www.pnj.com/story/news/2017/12/11/chuck-marohn-returns-free-neighborhood-strengthening-clinic/941044001/
A 13-year-old student journalist named Benje Coucroun stood up in a room full of the world's most renowned reporters and asked Sarah Sanders, “At my school, we recently had a lockdown drill. One thing that affects mine and others' mental health is the worry that we or our friends could get shot at school. Specifically, can you tell me what the administration has done and will do to prevent these senseless tragedies?” The question, which caused White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders, who is the mother of three children, to well up with tears, was asked during the White House press secretary's May 30 briefing.
Sanders responded by saying, “I think as a kid, and certainly as a parent, there is nothing that could be more terrifying for a kid to go to school and not feel safe, so I'm sorry that you feel that way. This administration takes it seriously and the school safety commission that the president convened is meeting this week, again, an official meeting, to discuss the best ways forward and how we can do every single thing within our power to protect kids within our schools and to make them feel safe and to make their parents feel good about dropping them off.”
Donald Trump is due to meet with the victims of the Santa Fe High School shooting in Houston on May 31.
Here's what you need to know:
1. Shortly After His Question Went Viral, All of the Videos Were Removed From His YouTube Channel
Choucroun is a student at Marin Country Day School where he's listed as one of their baseball prospects. The 13-year-old reporter was also present during the White House's Sports and Fitness Day.
President Trump hosts Sports and Fitness day at the White House — covering the event today is 13 year-old Benje Choucroun from CA. Earlier today, he asked @PressSec about school safety. He's here reporting for @timeforkids. pic.twitter.com/1rbBoth5VA — Betsy Klein (@betsy_klein) May 30, 2018
He was reporting at the White House for Time for Kids magazine. In the wake of his appearance in the world's media, all of the videos from Choucroun's YouTube channel were removed.
2. His Dad Works With Veterans Programs in Northern California & Has Worked With John Mayer in the Past
Choucroun's father is Gerard Choucroun, a director at the Northern California Institute for Research and Education's Veterans Health and Integration Progam, according to his LinkedIn page. Gerard Choucroun is also a director of the Presido Trust, a federal agency that is overseeing a national park and U.S. Army military fort in San Francisco. That page says that Choucroun lives in Corte Madera, just north of San Francisco. In response to a May 2017 study from the University of Southern California that said many veterans in California were homeless, unemployed, depressed or suicidal, Gerard Choucroun said, “We need to be brave and face our flaws as a community. We may individually be doing an amazing job, but collectively something is missing.”
Gerard Choucroun is also a singer/songwriter who maintains a SoundCloud page was at one time a music reviewer for the Houston Press. In June 2017, it was reported that John Mayer was working with Gerard Choucroun's veterans charity. Gerard Choucroun said at the time, “John and his fans have funded very serious and necessary work for women vets… John is a really erudite guy. He relates well with veterans, and got interested in the mechanics of post-traumatic stress, the gaps in care for women veterans, and the overall culture of the military community.”
3. His Mother Is a Yale Graduate
Choucroun's mother is Dr. Carolyn Calfee, an associate professor at the University of California San Francisco. Dr. Calfee's focus is on acute lung injury and acute respiratory distress syndrome. Dr. Calfee received her undergraduate degree from Yale University and her medical degree from the University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine. Her husband also studied at the University of Pennsylvania. Dr. Calfee is affiliated with the UCSF Medical Center and Zuckerberg San Francisco General Hospital and Trauma Center.
4. Choucroun Is Being Celebrated as a Hero of Journalism on Twitter
I teared up when that little boy asked Sarah Sanders about school shootings😭
It was refreshing to see that Sanders does have a soul afterall when she got choked up by his question.#pressbriefing — Lesley (@leyles7) May 30, 2018
The Twitter reaction Choucroun's poise and confidence in asking his question has been lauded on Twitter. Here are some of the best responses:
What a brave student journalist – asking a very serious question that no child should have to ask. Great job Benje Choucroun. https://t.co/baAab7RlQM — Anne Marie Petersen (@ampetersen) May 30, 2018
Way to go Benje Choucroun, #Marin is proud of you! https://t.co/ExappvrdTb — Vicki Larson (@OMGchronicles) May 30, 2018
This is 13 year old Benje Choucroun, from California. He was at the White House to cover the sports and fitness event for Time for Kids but wanted to ask that question at the briefing. Welcome to the journalism family, Benje 👋 https://t.co/8E3prwAWLJ — Nora Neus (@noraneus) May 30, 2018
Benje Choucroun is my hero. — Doha Madani (@DohaMadani) May 30, 2018
The room is full of journalists from a variety of backgrounds – and credibility. Not sure if #BenjeChoucroun, a kid reporter from California, on sports assignment for #TimeForKids, qualifies as 'pravda media.' She called on him. https://t.co/EWVp6jZVRR — Alphonso Van Marsh (@AlphonsoVM) May 30, 2018
5. The Trump Administration Has Been Roundly Criticized for Their Response to School Shootings
Donald Trump's ideas to help to stamp out school shootings have been roundly criticized. The New York Times reported in March 2018 that among Trump's ideas was to repeal President Obama's “rethink school discipline” policy. That policy sought to alleviate the suspensions and expulsions of non-white students.
More famously, Trump's other plan was to arm teachers with guns, Trump was quoted as saying the wake of the Marjory Stoneman Douglas high school shooting, “It only works when you have people very adept at using firearms, of which you have many. It would be teachers and coaches.” In reference to Coach Aaron Feis, a Parkland coach who was a licensed firearm holder, Trump said, “If the coach had a firearm in his locker when he ran at this guy – that coach was very brave, saved a lot of lives, I suspect. But if he had a firearm, he wouldn't have had to run, he would have shot him, and that would have been the end of it. This would only obviously be for people who are very adept at handling a gun. It's called concealed carry, where a teacher would have a concealed gun on them. They'd go for special training and they would be there and you would no longer have a gun-free zone. Gun-free zone to a maniac, because they're all cowards, a gun-free zone is: ‘Let's go in and let's attack, because bullets aren't coming back at us.'” Coach Feis died while trying to shield students from the gunfire in Parkland.
Watch this video and tell me if you see anything different than we have been seeing in football recently. If you noticed like I did, not a single person in the entire stadium was kneeling, which is how it is supposed to be.
Army and Navy met again Saturday afternoon on a snowy field in Philadelphia to play a football game that has been played for over 100 years.
The Army-Navy football game is one of the most storied sports traditions in the country.
This is the 118th year the two teams have met, they generally meet in a neutral city between the two schools, often times in an NFL stadium because of it's capacity and the sheer number of fans wishing to attend the game.
Before the game, the choirs of the Annapolis and West Point academies joined together to sing the national anthem. It was a solemn moment and was made even more beautiful by the falling snow, and like we noted before, not a single person in that stadium was kneeling, and what a powerful moment it was.
The National Anthem is supposed to be inclusionary, it is supposed to bring Americans together, on that field it represented the fact that despite our differences, two different arms of the military, two different school, two different teams, we are truly on the same team, we are all Americans who love this country.
In the NFL however, they are trying to take the anthem and make it divisive, they are trying to make it about, some are standing, some are sitting and that draws the line on the type of person you are, but that's not true at all.
I am all ears to hear about issues NFL players have about society, everybody knows it's not perfect, but to use the national anthem to further your point is unpatriotic and Americans don't take too kindly to that.
By Toby Lagrange
Sodus, NY – The winged warriors of the SuperGen Products with Champion Power Equipment CRSA Sprint Car Series touched down at the Afton Motorsports Park and Fonda Speedway this weekend, producing exciting action each night. The events served as rounds number five and six for the season.
On Friday night the series headed to the Afton Motorsports Park where Middletown, New York hot shoe Tyler Jashembowski picked up the A-Main event win. The win was the rising star's first of the season and came at the first short track event of 2018. The event was also round number one of the Algonkin Hotel Mini-Series.
Jashembowski dominated the 25-lap event, leading from green to checkers in a fast-paced show. Jashembowski was followed across the line by Dana Wagner, Dalton Herrick, Sydney Prince and Dustin Purdy.
The heat races were won by Jashembowski and Trombley. The Magsarus Ignitions Electrifying Move of the Race and Powder Tech Powder Coating Hard Charger Awards were awarded to Purdy.
The second night of the double header weekend saw the stars and cars of the CRSA invade the Fonda Speedway. The 20-lap A-Main event was dominated by East Greenbush, New York's Bobby Hackel, IV. Hackel would cross the finish line first however was disqualified during post-race inspection (engine). The event also served as round number one of the Kennedy's Towing Northway 90 Challenge Mini-Series.
With the disqualification of Hackel, the win was awarded to Trombley. Trombley, of Altamont, New York entered the event as the current series points leader and with the win, strengthened his advantage over Thomas Radivoy.
Trombley would be the winner over Radivoy, Prince, Purdy and Jerry Sehn. Emily VanInwegen and Hackel won the heat races while Purdy was awarded the Powder Tech Powder Coating Hard Charger for the second event in a row. The Magsarus Ignitions Electrifying Move of the Race award went to Trombley. Â
The SuperGen Products with Champion Power Equipment CRSA Sprint Car Series returns to action Saturday night at the Orange County Fair Speedway in Middletown.
Please visit the SuperGen Products with Champion Power Equipment CRSA Sprint Car Series online at www.crsasprintcars.com , on Facebook (CRSA Sprints) and on Twitter (@CRSAsprints).
The Super Gen Products with Champion Power Equipment CRSA Sprint Car Series recognizes the following marketing partners for the 2018 season: SuperGen Products, Champion Power Equipment, Hoosier Racing Tire, A-Verdi Storage Containers, Hennessy Wine & Liquor, Kennedy's Towing, CNY Power Sports, Prestige Pool & Spa, Johnny's Service Center, Chuck Alessi Plumbing & Heating, Neiger's Service Center, Just Signs & Designs, Ruggles World of Autobody & Graphics, ProFab Engineering, Magsarus Ignitions, Mike Emhof Motorsports, Maguire Family of Dealerships.
Round #5 – Afton Motorsports Park – A-Main Results (25 laps) – Tyler Jashembowski, Dana Wagner, Dalton Herrick, Sydney Prince, Dustin Purdy, Jeff Trombley, Eric Jennings, Thomas Radivoy, Jerry Sehn, Emily VanInwegen, Jesse Pruchnik, Justin Mills
Heat Race Winners: Tyler Jashembowski, Jeff Trombley
Round #6 – Fonda Speedway – A-Main Results (20 Laps) – Jeff Trombley, Thomas Radivoy, Sydney Prince, Dustin Purdy, Jerry Sehn, Emily VanInwegen, Jesse Pruchnik, Dana Wagner, Tyler Jashembowski, Cory Sparks, Justin Mills, Link Pettit, Bobby Hackel, IV (DQ)
Heat Race Winners – VanInwegen, Hackel
SCOTTSDALE, Ariz. (AP) – A leading neo-Nazi website is losing its internet domain host after its publisher posted an article mocking the woman who was killed in a deadly attack at a white nationalist rally in Virginia.
GoDaddy tweeted late Sunday night that it has given The Daily Stormer 24 hours to move its domain to another provider because the site has violated the Scottsdale, Arizona-based company's terms of service.
GoDaddy spokesman Dan Race said the move was prompted by a post on the site about Heather Heyer, who was killed Saturday when a man plowed his car into a group of demonstrators in Charlottesville. The post called her “fat” and “childless” and said “most people are glad she is dead, as she is the definition of uselessness.”
“Given their latest article comes on the immediate heels of a violent act, we believe this type of article could incite additional violence, which violates our terms of service,” Race said in an emailed statement.
Shortly after GoDaddy tweeted its decision, the site posted an article claiming it had been hacked and would be shut down. But one of The Daily Stormer's contributors said that post was just a prank.
“We're a convivial publication. We have a lot of fun with it,” said Andrew Auernheimer, a notorious hacker and internet troll who writes for the site.
Andrew Anglin, the website's publisher and author of Sunday's post about Heyer, said he couldn't immediately comment Monday on GoDaddy's move.
“I don't have time to talk, we're trying to regain control of the site,” he said in an email to The Associated Press.
Auernheimer, known online as “weev,” said GoDaddy hadn't contacted The Daily Stormer to explain its decision. He said the site has an alternate domain name that it can use if GoDaddy cancels its service.
“We'll get it taken care of,” Auernheimer said. “If we need a new domain, we'll get a new domain.”
GoDaddy isn't The Daily Stormer's host, which means the site's content isn't on the company's servers, according to Race. “Only the domain is with GoDaddy,” Race added.
Anglin's site takes its name from Der Stürmer, a newspaper that published Nazi propaganda. The site includes sections called “Jewish Problem” and “Race War.”
The Daily Stormer is infamous for orchestrating internet harassment campaigns carried out by its “Troll Army” of readers. Its targets have included prominent journalists, a Jewish woman who was running for a California congressional seat and Alex Jones, a radio host and conspiracy theorist whom Anglin derided as a “Zionist Millionaire.”
In April, a Montana woman sued Anglin after her family became the target of another Daily Stormer trolling campaign. Tanya Gersh's suit claims anonymous internet trolls bombarded Gersh's family with hateful and threatening messages after Anglin published their personal information in a post accusing her and other Jewish residents of Whitefish, Montana, of engaging in an “extortion racket” against the mother of white nationalist Richard Spencer
The Daily Stormer used a crowdfunding website, WeSearchr, to raise more than $152,000 in donations from nearly 2,000 contributors to help pay for Anglin's legal expenses.
Other internet services have taken similar action against The Daily Stormer since Anglin founded it in 2013. In 2015, Anglin said PayPal had permanently banned him from using the service. And he complained in January that a Ukrainian advertising company had banned them, leaving an Australian electrician as the site's only advertiser.
President Trump threw a bone to his evangelical supporters on Friday — issuing a rule that would let more employers opt out of providing free birth control to women by claiming religious objections.
The new policy was a long-expected revision to federal rules that required most companies to cover birth control as preventive care for women for free.
Preventive services are supposed to be free of charge to employees and their dependents under former President Obama's Affordable Care Act.
Trump's religious and moral exemption is expected to fire up both his opponents and religious conservatives that back him, but it's not likely to have much impact on America's largely secular workplaces.
Most women no longer pay for birth control, and advocates immediately announced plans to try to block the new rule in court.
Although tens of thousands of women could be affected by Trump's new policy, the vast majority of companies have no problem offering birth control benefits through their health plans.
Human resource managers recognize that employers get an economic benefit from helping women space out their pregnancies, since female workers are central to most enterprises.
The administration estimated that some 200 employers who have already voiced objections to the Obama-era policy would qualify for the expanded opt-out, and that 120,000 women would be affected.
But it's unclear how major religious-affiliated employers such as Catholic hospitals and universities will respond.
Since contraception became a covered preventive benefit, the share of women employees paying their own money for birth control pills has plunged to under 4 percent, from 21 percent, according to the Kaiser Family Foundation.
The Trump administration's revision broadens a religious exemption that previously applied to houses of worship, religiously affiliated nonprofit groups, and closely-held private companies.
Administration officials said the new policy defends religious freedom. Privately owned for-profit companies, as well as publicly-traded for-profit companies will be able to seek an exemption.
Officials also said the administration is tightening oversight of how plans sold under the health law cover abortion.
With limited exceptions, abortions can only be paid for through a separate premium collected from enrollees.
No public subsidies can be used, except in cases that involve rape, incest, or preserving the life of the mother.
Doctors' groups that were key to derailing Republican plans to repeal the health law outright expressed dismay over the administration's move on birth control.
The American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists said the new policy could reverse the recent progress in lowering the nation's rate of unintended pregnancies.
“Instead of fulfilling its mission ‘to enhance and protect the health and well-being of all Americans,' HHS leaders under the current administration are focused on turning back the clock on women's health,” said the organization's president, Dr. Haywood Brown.
Women's groups said they would try to stop the administration from carrying out the changes.
“The rules give employers a license to discriminate against women,” said Fatima Goss Graves, president of the National Women's Law Center. “We will take immediate legal steps to block these unfair and discriminatory rules.”
Administration officials said the new policy takes effect right away.
With AP
FILE - In this July 17, 1968 file photo, Keith Richards from the Rolling Stones, right, arrives at the premiere of the new Beatles cartoon film "Yellow Submarine" with Anita Pallenberg in London. Pallenberg, a model and actress who had children with Keith Richards and served as a muse for The Rolling Stones, died Tuesday, June 13, 2017 at St Richard's Hospital in the city of Chichester, located in southeast England.. She was 75. (AP Photo/Peter Kemp, File)
FILE - In this Oct. 18, 2012 file photo, Anita Pallenberg poses at London Film Festival American Express Gala The Rolling Stones - Crossfire Hurricane After Party in London. Pallenberg, a model and actress who had children with Keith Richards and served as a muse for The Rolling Stones, died Tuesday, June 13, 2017 at St Richard's Hospital in the city of Chichester, located in southeast England.. She was 75.
AP Music Writer
Anita Pallenberg, a model and actress who had children with Keith Richards and served as a muse for The Rolling Stones, has died. She was 75.
A spokesperson for Richards told The Associated Press that Pallenberg died Tuesday at St. Richard's Hospital in the city of Chichester, located in southeast England. The cause of death was not revealed, but the statement released Wednesday said Pallenberg "had been ill for some time" and that her family was by her side.
"A most remarkable woman. Always in my heart," Richards said in a statement.
Pallenberg was born on April 6, 1942. She served as inspiration for the Stones' "Miss Amanda Jones" and "You Got the Silver."
She appeared in films like "Barbarella," ''Candy," ''Le Berceau de Cristal" and "Performance," which included Mick Jagger.
Pallenberg first dated the late Brian Jones of the Stones, but later dated Richards, with whom she had three children (their youngest son died months after he was born).
Pallenberg said in an interview with The Guardian in 2008 that she didn't want to write her autobiography because publishers wanted dirt and drama about the Stones.
"I had several publishers and they were all the same. They all wanted salacious," she said.
Pallenberg will be cremated and a memorial service is being planned. She is survived by a son, a daughter and five grandchildren.
.
WASHINGTON — Cubs lefty Jon Lester, a veteran of three World Series, normally would loom as a Game 1 playoff starter. Lefty Gio Gonzalez would figure in for the third game on a Nationals staff that features Max Scherzer and Stephen Strasburg.
So naturally both are scheduled to start Game 2 on Saturday in the National League Division Series.
Gonzalez was named by Nationals manager Dusty Baker, who also announced Scherzer, battling an aching hamstring for the past week, would
pitch Game 3 — assuming he's physically able.
Lester, who shared the NLCS MVP honor with Javier Baez last year, had a different kind of pregame before the series started with the Cubs winning 3-0 in Game 1 on Friday at Nationals Park.
“It is kind of nice, actually. You know, it's kind of different walking in and not having anything to do and not worry about anything. Took the late bus for the first time,” said Lester, 9-7 lifetime in 14 different postseason series. “It's good. I mean, obviously it's not ideal. As a competitor, you work for these games. But at the same time, it's kind of nice to sit back and let other guys handle it.”
At least until Game 2.
Lester (13-8, 4.33 ERA) had some hiccups throughout the season. He still topped the Cubs staff in starts (32), strikeouts (180) and innings pitched (180 ²/₃). But Kyle Hendricks was the Cubs' best pitcher down the stretch and got the Game 1 start. Teams have faced worse fates than having Lester for a Game 2 in the postseason.
“Everybody handles it differently. Everybody has to focus on different things to kind of get them locked in. Mine is my routine. I always fall back on my routine,” Lester said.
Gonzalez doesn't have the résumé of Lester. He has made four postseason starts in three series without a decision. He got the call because of Scherzer's situation.
“We're going to go Gio [Saturday] and then Max will go, slated to go, Game 3,” Baker said. “Today he threw some, [Thursday] it was determined that we would be better if we waited till Game 3.”
And Gonzalez (15-9, 2.96 ERA) is not a horrible option.
“Last [postseason] start I had at home was in 2012. So it was a long time ago,” Gonzalez said. “Just constantly trying to re-evolve, trying to find a new way to throw strikes. The game's changing. You're seeing the hitting is pretty tough. “So for us, it's trying to attack the strike zone, trying to lock in immediately. You can't let yourself get in a groove after giving up a couple runs. You have to get it going right off the bat.”
Whenever you're pitching.
"The health crisis in Flint has created a trust crisis for Michigan government, exposing a serious lack of confidence in leaders who accept responsibility and solve problems," state Attorney General Bill Schuette said at a news conference.
Nick Lyon, director of the Michigan Department of Health and Human Services (MDHHS), was the highest-ranking official to be charged. The others include former Flint Emergency Manager Darnell Earley, former City of Flint Water Department Manager Howard Croft, the state Department of Environmental Quality Drinking Water's chief, Liane Shekter-Smith, and Water Supervisor Stephen Busch. They all face up to 15 years in prison, as well as a $7,500 fine, if convicted.
The head of Michigan's health department and four other officials were charged Wednesday with involuntary manslaughter for their alleged failure to act in the Flint water crisis, which prosecutors say led to the death of an 85-year-old man who had Legionnaires' disease.
Lyon was also charged with felony misconduct in office, which carries a sentence of up to five years in prison and a $10,000 fine, for allegedly obstructing researchers who were investigating if the surge in Legionnaires' cases was linked to the Flint River.
Eden Wells, MDHHS chief medical executive, was also charged with lying to an officer and obstruction of justice for allegedly trying to stop an investigation into the Flint's lead-contaminated water system.
The water became contaminated after state-appointed emergency managers in 2014 temporarily switched Flint's water intake from the Detroit River to the Flint River. Because the water wasn't treated properly, it caused the pipes to corrode and led to high levels of lead contamination.
The water contamination made people sick and has been linked to an outbreak of Legionnaires' disease. In a statement, the Michigan Attorney General's office said multiple Flint-area residents died of Legionnaires' disease and the charges brought forward Wednesday were in relation to the death of Robert Skidmore.
“Skidmore died of Legionnaires' disease after many others had been diagnosed with the illness, yet no public outbreak notice had been issued,” the state attorney general's office said.
Because officials failed to notify the public and act to stop the outbreak, the disease spread throughout Flint's water system, authorities said.
Gov. Rick Snyder, who has apologized for his administration's failures in the water crisis, expressed support for Wells and Lyon, saying in a statement that they had his "full faith and confidence."
About
Published:
We took around 2 weeks to build this scene. The aim was to create an home for couple of insects we've created recently. Rendered on GP100.
Disclaimer
UNCUT Magazine does not store any files. Everything posted on this site is for promotional use only. Files downloaded should be kept for no longer then 24 hours and then deleted. Please support the artists and buy their music. All music and videos are copyrights to the original owners.
SYLVANIA — Tied 1-1 in the third period, Findlay High School yielded four straight power-play goals as the Trojans dropped a 6-1 Northwest Hockey Conference match to Sylvania Northview on Saturday at Tam-O-Shanter. Findlay trailed 1-0 after two periods before Keaton Rider got Findlay on the bo…
Subscribe to read: Financial Times
Donald Trump's bellicosity on Iran is tricky to turn into action
LAS VEGAS (AP) — An Illinois man known for honoring the victims of mass shootings around the country installed 58 white crosses on the Las Vegas Strip on Thursday.
Greg Zanis drove nearly 2,000 miles from the Chicago area to install the crosses on a patch of grass near the iconic “Welcome to Las Vegas” sign, not far from the site of the Route 91 Harvest country music festival where 58 people were killed on Sunday night.
Zanis, a 66-year-old retired carpenter, made his first cross 20 years ago when his father-in-law was killed.
“That just changed my life,” Zanis said. “My first cross was for somebody that I loved. And when I put up these crosses here, I always think of my personal loss here too. Always.”
Zanis has become well-known for erecting more than 20,000 of the markers over the past two decades, including after the Columbine and Sandy Hook school shootings and the massacre at an Orlando nightclub.
The crosses, which Zanis said took him two days to cut and paint, feature a red heart.
He plans to keep the tribute up for 40 days before giving the crosses to the families of the victims.
PHOTOS: Illinois man installs 58 crosses in honor of Las Vegas massacre victims View as list View as gallery Open Gallery A woman passes crosses for victims of the mass shooting Friday, Oct. 6, 2017, in Las Vegas. A gunman opened fire on an outdoor music concert on Sunday killing dozens and injuring hundreds.(AP Photo/Gregory Bull) Greg Zanis installs crosses near the city's famous sign Thursday, Oct. 5, 2017, in Las Vegas. People walk by crosses placed near Las Vegas' famous sign Thursday, Oct. 5, 2017, in Las Vegas. The crosses are in honor of those killed when Stephen Craig Paddock broke windows on the Mandalay Bay resort and casino and began firing with a cache of weapons at a country music festival Sunday. Dozens of people were killed and hundreds were injured. (AP Photo/Gregory Bull) Ebony Saunders, left, hugs Greg Zanis in front of his memorial crosses Thursday, Oct. 5, 2017, in Las Vegas. Saunders had friends at the country music festival when Stephen Craig Paddock broke windows on the Mandalay Bay resort and casino and began firing with a cache of weapons Sunday. Dozens of people were killed and hundreds were injured, but Saunders' friends were unharmed. Zanis placed 58 crosses near the city's famous welcome sign in honor of those killed. (AP Photo/Gregory Bull) Crosses sit in honor of those killed during the mass shooting Friday, Oct. 6, 2017, in Las Vegas. A gunman opened fire on an outdoor music concert on Sunday killing dozens and injuring hundreds.(AP Photo/Gregory Bull) Shelley Boyle, left, and Cece Navarrette sit among crosses for those killed during the mass shooting Friday, Oct. 6, 2017, in Las Vegas. A gunman opened fire on an outdoor music concert on Sunday killing dozens and injuring hundreds. A cousin of Navarrette is among those killed. (AP Photo/Gregory Bull) Greg Zanis stands in front of crosses he placed near the city's famous sign Thursday, Oct. 5, 2017, in Las Vegas. The crosses are in honor of those killed when Stephen Craig Paddock broke windows on the Mandalay Bay resort and casino and began firing with a cache of weapons onto a country music festival Sunday. Dozens of people were killed and hundreds were injured. (AP Photo/Gregory Bull) Manuela Barela passes crosses set up to honor those killed during the mass shooting Friday, Oct. 6, 2017, in Las Vegas. A gunman, Stephen Paddock, opened fire on an outdoor music concert on Sunday killing dozens and injuring hundreds.(AP Photo/Gregory Bull) Sherri Camperchioli helps set up some of the crosses that arrived in Las Vegas today to honor the victims of the mass shooting on Thursday, Oct. 5, 2017, in Las Vegas. A gunman opened fire on an outdoor music concert on Sunday killing dozens and injuring hundreds. (AP Photo/Gregory Bull)
Image copyright PA
There's no magic price for oil at which investment is switched off or on, depending on the direction of travel.
Investment depends on each project and its break-even point, and no two oil fields are the same - least of all those that require drilling offshore.
But at $75 a barrel, and on an upward trend, this seems a milestone at which to catch some breath and ask a) what's going on with the market for Brent crude? And b) what are the implications?
So first, what's going on? That's simple, perhaps deceptively so.
It's about our old friends, supply and demand. The latter is rising with economic growth, notably in Asia, but around the world.
Growth is not as closely aligned to demand for oil as it once was. But in India, for instance, development means a big boost to industrial production, demand for electricity and transport.
Symbolic of India's economic position, Saudi Arabia announced this month it is investing big in a refinery and petro-chemicals complex on a beach resort south of Mumbai. Ratnagiri will be one of the world's largest, processing 1.2 million barrels per day.
Saudi Aramco (state-owned while aiming to float) is taking a 50% stake in the £32bn ($44bn) project, while a consortium of state-owned energy firms in India own the other half.
Choke point
Supply is a more complex picture.
American stocks of oil influence the market, and the official numbers are expected to show they've fallen. That puts upward pressure on the price.
More significant in the longer term, the Opec exporters' cartel, working with non-member Russia, has been holding back on production in order to pull the price up. Saudis are among those straining at the loss of market share, particularly to Americans.
The market gyrated a bit last week when the Saudi oil minister said the rising price didn't seem to be doing much harm to demand, so he reckoned out loud that oil at $80 to $100 might be a possible sustainable target zone.
The Saudi government has, remember, a war to fight. And hostilities with Yemen, partially as a proxy for Iran, are one of the reasons for markets being nervous about security of supply. The Straits of Hormuz are an oil supply choke point which could also be a flash point between Saudi and Iran.
After the Saudi minister had hinted, Russia's energy minister counter-hinted that the constraints might come off the cartel, which would push the price down again. His comments did precisely that.
'All over the place'
America is the most dynamic part of the supply story, for two main reasons.
Fracking technology extracts oil and gas for a limited period before new rock has to be fractured. It's a repeated process, and if, as in 2014-15, the price drops, the process is stopped.
Only when the price rises again does fracking restart. That's what is happening. America is producing more oil now than ever.
The other unpredictable dynamic sits in the Oval Office. Donald Trump wants to break from the Iran nuclear deal, which would involve a return to sanctions on Tehran's oil exports - that is, a cut in its supply into the world market.
Image copyright European Photopress Agency Image caption Donald Trump wants to break from the Iran nuclear deal, which would involve a return to sanctions on Tehran's oil exports
The US president tweeted last Friday: "Looks like OPEC is at it again. With record amounts of Oil all over the place, including the fully loaded ships at sea, Oil prices are artificially Very High! No good and will not be accepted!"
That, Mr President, is absolutely correct. Controlling supply and prices is precisely what cartels exist to do. That's the point of Opec.
And though oil prices may look too high from Washington DC, they probably don't look too high in mid-Texas or the Dakotas.
"No good" for oil users, but very good for oil producers. And when you say this "will not be accepted", we look forward, nervously, to finding out if this is another threat of trade war.
Put all that together, and the price of a barrel of oil delivered in three months has risen from a low below $30 at the start of 2016 to 150% more than that. However, the current price remains 43% below the peak in 2014.
Implications?
So what does it mean? Higher fuel prices? Well, not necessarily.
At the same time the oil price, measured in US dollars, has been rising, the US dollar itself has been weakening against sterling.
If like me, you'll find currencies easiest to understand by thinking of travelling abroad. If you want to vacation in America now, you'll be able to buy 12 more dollars for £100 than you could a year ago.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption An Iranian oil facility on Khark Island, on the shore of the Persian Gulf
The same goes for dollar-denominated oil. A year ago, a pound bought you $1.28 on currency markets (without all those transaction charges). It now buys $1.40. That is, the pound buys 9% more in dollars than it did last year.
The other factor is that UK forecourt prices have a lot to do with tax rates. VAT runs at 20%, so it is as volatile as the price. For heating fuel, VAT is 5%. Fuel duty for transport is fixed, currently sitting at 58p per litre.
Take all that together, and the AA's price-monitoring tells us that the average price of a litre of unleaded fuel, at pumps across the UK, rose 1p between December and March, while diesel fell by 1p.
Gateway decisions
For Scotland in particular, it's worth watching for three different effects.
One is the risk of rising oil prices boosting costs for those who use fuel, in homes and in businesses.
For those reasons around sterling, there's no sign of inflation resulting yet. But where economies are already doing well, analysts are concerned that the rising price of Brent crude could push up prices more widely.
The other side of the coin in Scotland is the industry that extracts oil.
Investment decisions have to take big gambles on the future price of Brent crude.
In general, business plans don't like volatility or heightened uncertainty. It comes at a cost.
They prefer to see a reasonably stable price and a market environment which looks like continuing that for the foreseeable. They don't have that yet, but they'll like the upward trend for more than two years.
After a very harsh downturn, with the price slump from September 2014, much of the offshore industry has stabilised.
It has a number of big final investment decisions - the gateway or green light for a project - which are helped by raised prices and an upward trend.
Oil and Gas UK, the trade body, reckoned at the start of the year that at least 12 major investment projects were expected to be approved during 2018, worth around £5bn.
Tax take
So if there's more profit, there ought to be more tax revenue? Correct. But how much more?
Not as much as you would have found with other price revivals, because the UK Treasury has cut tax rates.
The main tax take is at 30% of profits. The Supplementary Charge was cut in 2016 from 20% to 10%. And the Petroleum Revenue Tax rate, levied on profits from older fields, was cut from 35% to zero.
The Office for Budget Responsibility last month raised its estimate of what the tax take might be as a result of the rising price, as it has had to do repeatedly.
It was a sharp increase, but to a level that remains low by previous standards - up from £500m this year to £900m.
Tax revenue from oil and gas is expected to average under £1bn annually for the five years of its forecast, which assumes the price of oil and of gas will fall again in the later three years. Production and profits are then expected to continue their decline.
For the purposes of arguing the case for Scottish independence, a geographic share of that tax revenue is dwarfed by the scale of the public sector deficit calculated by Scottish government statisticians in their annual expenditure and revenue tables.
Likewise, for those who want a national oil fund, less than a billion pounds per year might be nice to have but wouldn't go far.
That said, they are brave people who stick their necks out with assumptions about the oil price five years ahead. Sometimes, however, economic forecasters have nowhere to hide.
A Wall Street sign hangs near the New York Stock Exchange, Friday, July 22, 2016, in New York.
U.S. stocks pulled back on Monday as a decline in Facebook pressured the technology sector. Wall Street also paid attention to Washington after a Twitter meltdown from President Donald Trump, CNBC reported.
The Nasdaq composite dropped 1.8 percent as Facebook dropped 6.8 percent. The Dow Jones industrial average fell 335 points, with Caterpillar as the worst-performing stock in the index. The S&P 500 declined 1.4 percent, with tech dropping 2.1 percent. Facebook was the worst-performing stock in the S&P 500.
Facebook fell after reports said political analytics firm Cambridge Analytica was able to collect data on 50 million people's profiles without their consent. Cambridge Analytica worked on Facebook ads with President Donald Trump's campaign in 2016.
When Champagnat head coach Dennis Marroquin walked off the field at Camping World Stadium in 2016, he realized that if his team was going to get back to Orlando, things would have to change.
One of the big changes was at quarterback – where he already top-flight junior Kervin Dessources – but added gifted senior Desjaun Kearse to the mix.
Last Friday, it was Kearse, a Flanagan transfer, who was the difference – accounting for 295 yards as the Lions won their second ever Class A Florida High School football state title, 24-7, over eight-time state champion Jacksonville University Christian.
“We said last year – if we could get a quarterback to make plays against a team like this, we would have a chance to win,” Marroquin said. “Playing them two years in a row gave us the confidence to know that if we keep mistakes to a minimum, we would be right there.”
Indeed, the Lions (9-2) were there – and the defense dominated much of the game – like it has all season. Seniors such as FIU bound Donovan Georges, University of Miami commitment Gregory Rousseau and defensive back Noah Pierre dominated all game.
THE FUTURE IS INDEED BRIGHT
Even before the win over the 10-3 Christians, Champagnat Catholic was excited about the future.
After last Friday's win, this team looked toward 2018, knowing that a number of new faces will join those coming back.
“Our underclassmen are amazing,” Marroquin explained. “Think about how many young players on this team have already experienced two state championship games. Thousands and Thousands of kids never get the chance to be here once. Think about that!”
There is no denying that this program is stacked with talent that has really come together this season.
2019
The current junior class certainly has athletes who have gotten plenty of high level experience.
Big time athletes such as Donald Georges (LB), Daryn Duke Jones (RB/DE) and versatile Kervin Dessources (WR/QB) will certainly provide the experience and leadership that the Lions will need, moving forward.
Among the others that will be vital to include an impressive group of quality performers.
Michael Cartwright, OT
Reginald Dixson, CB
Lamarus King, S
Free Mighty, LB
Dalvin Montas, OG
Tyrell Page, OG
Khiry Stubbs, OT
Todgrick Walker, DE
2020
This may be one of the best current sophomore classes anywhere – with elite prospects such as Marc Britt (WR), Jovens Janvier (OL), Jonquai Lewis (WR), Jesus Machado (DE) and Calvin Montgomery (RB).
There are also some up-and-coming standouts that will also return to make an impact:
Rony Bourdeau, DB
Kaleb Evans, DT
Ezekiel Figuroa, DT
Alann Louis, OC
Michael Noel, DT
Dartrell Rolle, Athlete
Shedrick Ushery, WR
2021
Elias Blandon, OL
Catch the South Florida High Sports Radio Show this Monday night (8-10) on WQAM (560AM). For the past 10 years, the players and coaches who are making the headlines, join the program. You will learn a lot!
WATCH: 8 Yr-Old Kai Performs 'Thinking Out Loud' With No Idea That Ed Sheeran Is Right Behind Him!
Kai's Surprise Star-Studded Performance 05:24
This is basically stuff of dreams for anyone, never mind an 8 year old!
Imagine getting invited on to Ellen to sing an Ed Sheeran song for her...only for the man himself to crop up right behind you!
Watch the magical moment above where Kai launches into a fantastically over the top rendition of 'Thinking Out Loud' and doesn't even notice that Ed creeps on during his performance.
Whilst he was on the show Ed also explained how much he is enjoying life more since he gave up his mobile phone. He now only operates via e-mails and spends his morning having a cup of tea, rather than scrolling through endless baby pics on Facebook.
Kinda jealous of the man's self-control tbh...
You May Also Like
Below are photos of Minister of Youths and Sports Barrister Solomon Dalung drinking tea with bread at Bauchi Road motor park in Jos, the Plateau state capital.
Source: http://www.trezzyhelm.com/2017/01/solomon-dalung-spotted-drinking-tea.html?m=1
by Sarah Davin
January 20 was the anniversary of the 2017 Women's March, which drew out millions of people across the country to protest and support women's rights among a host of other causes, including reproductive and LGBTQ rights, racial equality, immigration, and worker protections. Nearly 500,000 descended on Washington D.C., while in Vermont, around 15,000 people descended on Montpelier
Again this year, an explosion of pink hats appeared on the streets of Montpelier, worn by women and men, young and old. The atmosphere was one of determination mixed with a solemn acknowledgment of what is and a fearlessness to shape what will be. I couldn't help smiling, even a little deviously, because I was doing something that even today is transgressive: I was a woman in a public space making a statement.
Silencing women is nothing new in Western culture. In the book “Women & Power: a Manifesto” published in 2017, English scholar and classicist Mary Beard examines and traces the roots of misogyny descending from the ancient Greco-Roman tradition. She writes, “Public speech was a —if not the—defining attribute of maleness. Or, to quote a well-known Roman slogan, the elite male citizen could be summoned up as vir bonus dicendi peritus, ‘a good man, skilled in speaking.' A woman speaking in public was, in most circumstances, by definition not a woman.
”Although numbers for the 2018 march were smaller, millions of women took part around the world. Two hundred thousand marched in New York City, about half a million in Los Angeles, and three thousand in our own Montpelier. Add in the international protests in cities such as Oslo, Berlin, London, and Rome, and the sense of unity is mind-boggling, and the grandness has not gone away.
As packed-in protesters tried in vain to make more space for newcomers in front of City Hall, I could see people lining both sides of Main Street and around the corner of Cool Jewels. I thought about how excited I would feel watching footage later that evening of the day's other women's marches and that although I may have been hundreds of miles away from them, we were all connected in a massive expression of unity, discontentment, and a desire for change.
In 1920, the 19th Amendment was adopted, granting women the right to vote. Nearly 100years later, the process of reshaping our culture into one that accepts women as equals in discourse has so far been a slow one. Political spaces are overwhelmingly masculine, and rather than the space adapting to include women, women are unfairly expected to adapt themselves. The Women's March is an event in which women can speak publicly and politically without adapting themselves. The act of wearing loud, pink hats is the symbolic antithesis to the demureness expected of women, sending out the message of feminine pride and support.
In response to the marches, President Donald Trump sent out a tweet saying how protestors ought to be celebrating his presidency. Here we have a man, in the highest political position in the land, trying to nullify the voices of millions by pretending that by putting words in their mouths or mocking them he can silence the opposition. He unabashedly tries to take the power away from women, because there is something deeply ingrained in our culture that says the only good woman is a silent one.
The Women's March may not be a celebration, but if it were to celebrate one thing, it would be womanhood. While Trump tries to define women with terms like “bimbo” and “Miss Housekeeping,” women across our nation will be busy with a different task. To paraphrase Mary Beard, we will no longer be redefining ourselves; it is time to redefine the power.
Share this:
An estimated 330,000 people will visit Southern Nevada during Memorial Day weekend and the Nevada Department of Transportation said motorists should expect heavy traffic.
NDOT said at least 198,000 people are expected to drive to their holiday weekend destination.
[RELATED: Report: Las Vegas ranked top travel destination for Memorial Day weekend]
"We anticipate heavy traffic during the Memorial Day weekend, especially around downtown Las Vegas and the Strip resort corridor,” said NDOT spokesman Tony Illia. He suggested drivers allow extra time to reach their destination and to "enjoy the holidays responsibly and arrive alive."
For the latest highway conditions, visit nvroads.com or call 511.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Manjot Singh, excited about his upcoming film Fukrey Returns, says the Hindi film industry is changing its attitude towards actors with a turban and that the acceptance of Diljit Dosanjh is a prime example.
He was 16 when he featured in Oye Lucky! Lucky Oye! in 2008 and received a Filmfare Critics Award for the Best Actor category for it. Manjot spoke about how his dream is coming true slowly but surely.
Asked if he feels the pressure of having limited roles in the Hindi film industry because he wears a turban, Manjot said, "No, not really, because I can see how things are changing. For instance, Diljit paaji is opening the door for us with films like Udta Punjab and Phillauri.
"People loved him everywhere. So I know, even I will get my share of opportunity, and no, I did not think of cutting my hair or removing my turban for a role."
Having made his debut in 2008 with a Dibakar Banerjee film, Manjot has worked with filmmakers like Vikramaditya Motwane, Anurag Kashyap, Karan Johar and Tony D'Souza for films like Udaan, Student Of The Year and Azhar, apart from Fukrey that won him appreciation from the audience.
Reflecting upon it, he said, "When I started acting in films, I made a wish list of being associated with a film that will become such a big hit that producers will make a sequel of that. With Fukrey, Babaji ne meri sun liya (God heard me). I am so fortunate."
He has a new wish. "I know I am young and have a long way to go, but I am a huge Diljit Dosanjh fan and I so wish to work with Diljit paaji." Asked if his success and a long list of fan followers made any change in his personality, Manjot said, "No, I am to an extent like Lali (his character's name from Fukrey). I am still the simple and to an extent an innocent guy. Perhaps that is why I can relate with Lali so much and play him on screen easily.
"But yes, now I have grown up and changes have come not only on my face but also in personality. I was a shy child and very introvert as you know, but now I am better... At least I talk if not start the conversation. Earlier, I used to observe and listen. I am in a learning process."
As an actor, Manjot wants to experiment with more shades of different characters and he will soon be doing one of such films.
"I personally believe that I can play a serious role, but people mostly offer me comedy. Last year, I did a film with Abhay (Deol) sir. I hope that releases soon. I have played a very different character from all my previous work. The working title of the film is Situation Normal All F***ed Up (SNAFU) where I am playing a different character and the director told me why others have not explored the actor side in me.
"I just hope the film releases and people get to watch me like that," said Manjot. Fukrey Returns will release on December 8. With inputs from IANS.
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Reinsurers braced for year of cost-cutting
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
A total of 206 drivers had their cars or vans seized at the side of the road due to them lacking proper insurance cover or a valid driving licence, during a week-long crackdown.
Uninsured drivers were targeted by Police Scotland, in partnership with the Motor Insurers' Bureau (MIB), during a week of action which started on Monday, January 30 and ended on Sunday, February 5.
A total of 349 drivers were detected for driving while uninsured during the campaign, and during the same period, 206 vehicles were seized for being uninsured or unlicensed.
The campaign, which was delivered through a combination of mobile and static road checks throughout Scotland, involved officers from Police Scotland's Road Policing Division, who were deployed with the latest intelligence to target uninsured drivers and hotspot areas.​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​
Superintendent Fraser Candlish, deputy head of Road Policing for Police Scotland, said the statistics show there are motorists who continue to drive without insuring their vehicles.
He said: “These figures demonstrate there are still some drivers who continue to drive their vehicle without proper insurance cover.
“Although the campaign has now ended, we will continue to stop those drivers using uninsured vehicles and remove their vehicles from the roads.”
​Neil Drane, Head of Enforcement Services, at MIB said: “The significant assistance offered by Police Scotland in running the week of action has been invaluable.
“Proving there is nowhere to hide and with over 200 uninsured vehicles being seized from uninsured drivers, the roads of Scotland are safer for now.
“It is clear that the partnership approach between MIB and Police Scotland will need to continue to target uninsured drivers and we look forward to forging an even more effective partnership by increasingly working together in the months ahead.”
Transport Minister Humza Yousaf welcomed the campaign: “Police Scotland and the Motor Insurers Bureau's joint campaign has successfully highlighted to drivers in Scotland the importance of having the correct insurance in place at all times.
“The Scottish Government is committed, through Scotland's Road Safety Framework to 2020, to achieving safer road travel in Scotland through a partnership approach.”
He added: “I hope my example reminds others to check their policies to make sure they are properly insured at all times of the year, and I remain committed to my work to striving towards the challenging casualty reduction targets set out in the Framework.”
Moms-to-be who eat for two are a third more likely to need a c-section, a study shows.
It also found it doubles their chance of having an oversized baby.
Nearly half of expectant moms pile on too many pounds.
Medics warn heavyweight tots are more likely to need medical intervention – and are at greater risk of lifelong health problems.
Experts analyzed more than 1.3 million pregnancies from 23 studies.
They found 47 percent of women put on too much weight when expecting – putting their own and their unborn child's health at risk.
Moms-to-be should gain around 25 pounds, according to NHS Choices website.
But medics advise tubby women pile on less, while those who are too slim before pregnancy should put on more.
The Monash University, Australia, study also found 23 percent put on too little weight, raising the risk of having an underweight tot or pre-term delivery.
Corresponding author Dr. Aaron Caughey from the Oregon Health & Science University said “eating for two” is a myth.
He said: “It overestimates the additional caloric needs during pregnancy and misrepresents the recommendation that a pregnant woman should increase food consumption by only a few hundred calories per day.”
The findings are published in the journal JAMA.
Nearly half of all expectant Moms are too fat, NHS figures out last year show.
One in five is classed as obese and another 26 percent overweight when they turn up for their first maternity appointment.
Dr. Daghni Rajasingam, from the Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists, said: “It is a myth that women need to ‘eat for two' during their pregnancy – energy needs do not change until the last three months of pregnancy, when women need an extra 200 calories a day.
“The results of this large scale study highlight the potential complications for mother and baby if a woman gains more or less weight in pregnancy than is recommended.”
A record 27 percent of babies were born by cesarean in 2015, fueled by tubby moms-to-be.
It is up from 24.1 percent a decade ago and 12 percent in 1990 and 1991.
Louise Silverton, Director for Midwifery at the Royal College of Midwives, said: “This study shows how important it is for women to avoid gaining excessive weight during pregnancy and, if overweight at the end of pregnancy, to try to lose that weight before they have another baby.
“Midwives need time with women during postnatal care to provide these messages.
“It is also important to look at women who do not put on enough a weight, as this may be related to other issues.”
“Our lawnmower broke!” My daughter Paige was calling from the new home in Texas she and her boyfriend, John, moved into last month. Like many first-time homeowners, John and Paige have big dreams and a dinky budget.
“The one you guys just bought?” I asked. They'd gotten a deal on a basic electro-corded mower the week before.
“Our yard was too much for it,” she said. “John ran it into a tall patch of grass, and the motor burned out.”
I'd been wondering what to get as a housewarming gift. A new top-of-the-line lawnmower and edger would would let me get them something they couldn't afford, help them maintain their big yard and keep them from being a pox on the hood.
Only one problem: I didn't know the first thing about buying a lawnmower. John, however, a mechanical engineer, was just the guy to sort through the mechanical mumbo jumbo.
The push mower options are gas powered, the most common; electric corded, which comes with a cord you have to maneuver like a vacuum cleaner; and electric-battery powered – green, clean but more expensive.
A look at the 2018 Consumer Reports showed the highest-rated battery-powered push mower was an Ego. At $499, the reviews said it was “worth the splurge” if you had a large or hilly yard. And its cutting power equaled the top-rated gas mower's. So I had an Ego self-propelled mower and string trimmer express shipped to their house.
The Ego ploughed through the embarrassingly overgrown lawn that in some areas had grown to eight inches. Paige and John took turns mowing and edging. After an hour and a half, the lawnmower's battery needed to recharge, and so did they. Twenty minutes later, the mower and they were ready to finish the yard.
How'd it go? I asked, calling for a report. “The lawn looks like the White House lawn,” Paige said, “and the neighbors are happy, too.”
I called Ego for some more scoop about the new generation of power yard tools:
Five years ago, sales of cordless yard tools accounted for less than 15 percent of the market, said Joe Turoff, spokesman for Ego. Today, the sales of lithium-battery-powered mowers, blowers and string trimmers is approaching 25 percent of the market and is the fastest-growing segment. One reason for the growth is that lithium-battery technology keeps getting better. Until recently, electric-battery mowers didn't measure up to their gas counterparts. “We didn't want to bring a mower to market until it could deliver the same power as the best out there,” said Turoff, whose electric-battery yard tools hit stores in 2014. Indeed, Consumer Reports says they cut as well as any gas mower.
Gas mowers rate high on performance, but they're loud and smelly. The new generation of lithium-battery yard tools are clean, green and quiet. You can't hear them through a closed window. “We use the same kind of battery as the Tesla,” said Turoff, adding that their batteries can withstand heat, water and being dropped.
Lithium-battery powered motors run out after about an hour to an hour and a half, said Turoff. The battery will fully recharge in 60 minutes and is good for up to 20,000 recharges, so it can last decades. When a lithium battery does die, it needs to be disposed of at a home improvement store.
The self-propelled model had a “transportation mode,” which Paige appreciated. “It took itself up the hill like a little robot,” she said.
Contact Marnie Jameson at www.marnijameson.com.
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
Topsfield, MA, US (PRUnderground) February 2nd, 2018
Brainsell LLC., a CRM Value-Added Reseller and Consulting firm presents a side-by-side live comparison!
BrainSell LLC will be hosting a live webinar on February 14th 2:00 PM EST: “Salesforce.com vs Dynamics 365 CRM.“
In this side-by-side comparison, CRM experts from BrainSell will be comparing Salesforce.com to Dynamics 365 CRM. They'll review features and functionality, user interfaces, and pricing for two well-known CRM tools. There will be an open Q&A that's hosted by an unbiased panel of experts. No sales pitches, only facts.
This event allows decision makers, future buyers, editorial press, consultants and users of CRM to name a few, to see an unvarnished and objective review of both solutions without direct vendor sales involvement.
Attendees can expect to gain a greater understanding of which solution best fits their needs and requirements.
This webinar is a must for anyone who's considering a CRM purchase, a CRM change or just want to be informed.
For more information and to register for the webinar, please visit: http://bit.ly/2nCvwpL
About BrainSell
BrainSell engineer's smart growth with business savvy, software and consulting services for clients of all sizes across North America. We guarantee unbiased business advice. We use a proven process to help to grow businesses identify the clearest areas of potential growth and improvement in their processes. If software help those processes, then our team of technology experts can advise on choosing the best platforms for the job. #growthunleashed
About BrainSell LLC
BrainSell is a leading advisory and technology company that provides companies of all sizes with a competitive advantage that comes from best-of-class business software, services and unbiased advice. Since their founding in 1994, BrainSell has transformed from a regional boutique software reseller into a leading provider of unrivaled business strategy, best-of-class software, development, and implementation for clients of all sizes, across all industries.
Amazon Chime goes after WebEx, Skype for Business and more
The cloud provider just entered the unified communications business
Companies looking for a new video- and teleconferencing system have a fresh face to turn to in the market: Amazon Web Services.
On Monday, the public cloud provider announced the launch of Amazon Chime, a new service that's designed to compete with the likes of WebEx, Skype for Business and GoToMeeting. It's a powerful swing at some very entrenched enterprise software players by the public cloud provider.
AWS launched the service with native applications for Windows, macOS, iOS and Android. Chime's infrastructure is based in the U.S., but Gene Farrell, AWS's vice president of enterprise applications, said that the service can be accessed worldwide.
One of Chime's interesting features is a visual roster of meeting participants that includes information about any people who have distracting background noise interrupting the call. In a meeting without a moderator, any user can choose to mute one of their fellow participants so that the rest on the call don't have to listen to a barking dog or the sound of typing.
People who get muted in that way will get notified that their mic has been blocked, and can choose to unmute themselves whenever they want to.
In addition, users can call into a Chime conference call using a regular phone number, in the event they can't access the service's app for one reason or another. In the future, Farrell said that AWS also plans to add support for person to person calls over a traditional telephone network.
Chime is part of AWS's portfolio of applications focused on helping business users with their work. That set of services started with the company's WorkSpaces cloud virtual desktop as a service offering, and now includes AWS's WorkDocs office suite, WorkMail email service and QuickSight business intelligence service.
The service will be available in three pricing tiers. Basic offers users one-on-one voice and video calls, plus group chat capabilities. Plus costs US$2.50 per user per month, and adds support for screen sharing and integration with identity management systems through SAML and Active Directory.
Pro costs $15 per user per month, and lets users do all of the above, plus host meetings with up to 100 participants. Users at the other two pricing tiers can join conferences set up by Pro users, so companies can mix and match licenses to minimize Chime's cost.
Amazon offers a free trial of all the Pro features for 30 days. After that expires, customers can choose to keep using the Basic tier, or pay for more advanced functionality. Farrell said that Chime could reduce a company's unified communications bill by up to 70 percent.
Companies with existing in-room conferencing systems made by companies like Polycom and Crestron will be able to set those devices up to integrate with Chime.
1 2 Next Page
Pehredaar Piya Ki has been in controversy ever since it was announced for unusual concept. The viewers are extremely upset as they feel the show's content is 'obnoxious and perverted' and create a negative impact in children.
They had started an online petition which was addressed to Union Cabinet Minister of Textiles and Information and Broadcasting (Additional Charge), Smriti Irani, demanding a ban on the show. It was even said that I&B ministry has taken the matters to the BCCC (Broadcasting content complaints council) seeking immediate action on the plea.
Pehredaar Piya Ki Makers Shashi & Sumeet Mittal Initially, when Shashi Mittal was asked regarding the petition, she refused to comment. But, at the recently held press conference the makers Shashi & Sumeet Mittal have finally broken their silence and clarified their stance. Regarding The Notice When asked if they received any notice from the Ministry of Information and Broadcasting, Sakshi was quoted by a leading daily as saying, "No, we haven't received any notice from the authority." Don't Judge The Show Without Watching It! She added that if they get any notice, they are ready to give their explanation as they know that they haven't shown anything wrong in the story. Shashi requested people to not judge the show without watching it. Will The Makers Change The Plot If They Receive Any Notice From BCCC? Sumeet said, "No, we will rather request them to know the content before making any decision. So far, we have no plan to change the plot of the show." The makers feel that people are commenting on the show without watching it. Karan Wahi's Comment Karan Wahi commented against the show, and later deleted it as well. Regarding this Sumeet said, "I think it was irresponsible of him to say that." The Makers To Send A Letter To Karan Wahi … "I will ask my office to send a letter to Karan Wahi, requesting and asking him why he gave a statement like that. If he has something to say, he would also have a reason for it. And If I get an answer from him, I will definitely share it with the media." Regarding Honeymoon Scene In the press conference, the makers also clarified that they are not promoting the child marriage. Regarding honeymoon scene, the makers added that there is no such scene on the show.
They clarified that if they notice, it was Ratan's family who were making fun and insulting Diya for marrying Ratan who is half her age.
Ratan's family members are seen "intentionally creating uncomfortable situations for the couple by decorating a room for their 'suhag raat' and asking Ratan to go for a 'honeymoon'."
But on the show, there are no lovemaking scenes.
For the initiated, Pehredaar Piya Ki is set in the background of Royal Rajasthan. Tejaswi Prakash Wayangankar plays the role of 18-year-old Princess Diya, who marries nine-year-old groom Ratan Singh (played by Afaan Khan) in order to guard him!
From Richie Murray
INDIANAPOLIS (April 24, 2018) – After a tumultuous month of inactivity brought upon by Mother Nature, the teams of the USAC AMSOIL Sprint Car National Championship are champing at the bit to get their season back on track this weekend with a doubleheader of action in southern Indiana, Friday, April 27, at Bloomington Speedway and Saturday, April 28, at Tri-State Speedway in Haubstadt.
Kevin Thomas, Jr. not only leads the series standings heading into the weekend, he was also the lone driver to win at both Bloomington and Haubstadt a year ago. In fact, the Cullman, Ala. driver is the only expected entrant for this weekend's events who have multiple wins at both venues. Additionally, Thomas was victorious at Bloomington in 2012 for his very first career series win. In 2013, Thomas won a pair of features at Tri-State.
His Dynamics, Inc. team has found a fortune of success over the years at both places, with three wins at Bloomington in 2005 with Tracy Hines, 2008 with Jerry Coons, Jr. and just last year with Chad Boespflug, who outdueled Chris Windom in an incredible, see-saw battle during the final laps. At Tri-State, Dynamics, Inc. has made it to victory lane with Tracy Hines in 2002 and Brady Bacon in 2015.
Reigning series champion Windom is the only other expected driver for this weekend's races besides Thomas to capture victories at both tracks. The Canton, Ill. native nailed down a “W” at Tri-State last Spring and was tops at Bloomington back in 2011.
Tyler Courtney and Clauson Marshall Newman Racing have been a staple of the post-race victory lane photos in the early part of the 2018 USAC season, with two National Sprint Car victories at Ocala in February and a National Midget win in the “Kokomo Grand Prix” at Kokomo (Ind.) Speedway a little over a week ago. The Indianapolis, Ind. driver notched his first Bloomington win during “Indiana Midget Week” last June. With Tim Clauson on the wrenches, a No. 7 has made it to Bloomington victory lane twice with Bryan Clauson in 2009 and 2015.
Past Bloomington USAC Sprint winners hoping to redo the deed this Friday night on the quarter-mile of red clay include 2016 Indiana Sprint Week feature winner Brent Beauchamp of Avon, Ind., 2007 and 2013 winner Dave Darland of Lincoln, Ind. as well as Tucson, Arizona's Jerry Coons, Jr. in 2008.
Local hero Kyle Cummins of Princeton, Ind. has won at Tri-State in each of the past two seasons and is always a top-threat at the quarter-mile paperclip in Haubstadt. Chase Stockon of nearby Fort Branch, Ind. picked up the season-opener in Ocala and is a past Haubstadt “Spring Showdown” winner in 2016. Carson Short of Marion, Ill. has been consistently fast everywhere he's been and Tri-State is the home of his lone USAC victory back in 2016. Robert Ballou, the 2015 USAC champ from Rocklin, Calif. snared the honors at Tri-State during the summer of 2014.
At Bloomington, cars hit the track at 6:30pm (Eastern). Adult general admission tickets are $20, children 12 and under are FREE and pit passes are $30. If you can't make it to the track in person, watch LIVE flag-to-flag coverage on http://www.SpeedShiftTV.com/.
At Tri-State, pits open at 3:30pm (Central) while the grandstands open at 4:30pm. Cars hit the track at 6pm. Adult tickets are $25, students age 13-18 are $20 and children 12 and under are FREE!
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
File Photo: U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) officer (Photo by John Moore/Getty Images)
What to Know ICE and ERO agents arrested dozens of undocumented immigrant during a days-long safety operation
ICE said Monday that 60 undocumented immigrants were arrested during a five-day period ending April 20
ERO deportation officers made arrests throughout New Jersey, including in Bergen, Burlington, Camden, Cumberland, Essex and Hudson counties
U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) and Enforcement and Removal Operations (ERO) agents arrested dozens of undocumented immigrants in New Jersey during a days-long safety operation.
ICE said Monday that 60 undocumented immigrants were arrested during a five-day period ending April 20.
The operation focused on individuals with criminal records who entered the country illegally, the federal agency said in a statement.
Top Tri-State News Photos
ERO deportation officers made arrests throughout New Jersey, specifically in the counties of Bergen, Burlington, Camden, Cumberland, Essex, Hudson, Mercer, Middlesex, Monmouth, Morris, Ocean, Passaic, Somerset and Union.
Of those arrested, 80 percent were "convicted criminals.” Additionally, more than 20 detainees had an order of deportation, or were deported, but re-entered the country illegally.
ICE said several of arrestees accumulated serious offenses and convictions, including child abuse and sex crimes.
"The success of this operation is a direct result of the full commitment of the dedicated men and women of ICE," John Tsoukaris, director of ERO in Newark, said in a statement. "We will continue to devote the full efforts of our agency to protecting citizens and enforcing federal immigration law despite challenges being pursued by politically motivated individuals."
Immigrants from Brazil, China, Colombia, Cuba, the Dominican Republic, Ecuador, El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras, Italy, Jamaica, Mexico, Peru and Ukraine were arrested during the operation.
Top News Photos: Cosby Retrial Opens for Closing Arguments
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
BRIGHTON, Mich. -- A Michigan auto dealership posted a sign discouraging people from giving money to a panhandler after managers said they offered him a job – and he turned it down.
A sign displayed on a car at the Honda dealership was created as a public service announcement, according to WDIV.
It reads:
"Please do not give anything to this panhandler. We offered him a full-time job at $10 per hour. He said, 'I make more than any of you,' and he did not want the job. Please donate to a more worthy cause."
Workers at the Honda dealership declined to comment on camera, but there were plenty of comments on social media. The sign and its message went viral.
"It's a scam," Brighton resident Dan Golem told WDIV. "People like me, people like you, we're working trying to provide for our families, and they're just standing there."
Felicia Tubbs, who works at the Shell Gas Station across the street, said she took pizza to the car dealership employees.
"I don't like them standing there. No one else does, either. I think it's great that the dealership put some effort into trying to get rid of them," Tubbs told WDIV.
For over a year, she said a duo of panhandlers would stand at the road with signs saying, "Homeless, please help." Drivers knew them and described them as a father and son.
"At first, you feel bad for them," a driver said. "But then it's day after day, week after week."
Police got involved Tuesday, June 13th, and arrested the pair, according to WDIV.
Tubbs told the station she saw the same men asking for money shortly after the arrest. She said she snapped the picture of the men with a new sign that reads, "You can't afford a one-bedroom apartment on $10 per hour." The other one reads, "The median income in Livingston County is $70,000."
Michigan State Police troopers said two people were arrested for vagrancy and disorderly conduct. Their names weren't released because they haven't been charged.
The sign at the dealership has been taken down.
Disclaimer
UNCUT Magazine does not store any files. Everything posted on this site is for promotional use only. Files downloaded should be kept for no longer then 24 hours and then deleted. Please support the artists and buy their music. All music and videos are copyrights to the original owners.
In today's Hong Kong Daybreak podcast, we cover the biggest stories that happened overnight. U.S. stocks tumbled, dragged down by a rout in industrial and technology companies and spooked by the 10-year Treasury yield breaching 3%. Ten-year yields backed off from their four-year highs as stocks extended their slide. The French leader said he wants to negotiate a new Iran agreement in a bid to keep President Trump from abrogating it. Bloomberg Markets Live Blogger David Wilson discusses markets with host Erin Roman.
To listen to this podcast, click here. (Run time 4:47).
A new edition of Bloomberg Daybreak is now available on mobile and on the terminal. Check out DAYB or everything you need to know this morning, and customize your settings so you only get news on the industries and assets you care about. To unsubscribe, click on the Alert tab in DAYB. Have feedback? Email daybreak1@bloomberg.net.
Follow @insidefutbol
Former Leeds United star Noel Whelan believes Hadi Sacko's decision making lets him down, despite the youngster's energetic performance in the Whites' 2-1 win over Bristol City on Tuesday night.
The 22-year-old, who joined Leeds from Sporting Lisbon's B team on a season-long loan deal last summer, was a livewire on the wing against the Robins.
However, Sacko was wasteful in front of goal as he decided to take the seemingly wrong option and did not make the goalkeeper work.
And Whelan thinks regardless of his spirited display on the flank, Sacko could lose his place in the team to Stuart Dallas when Leeds takes on Ipswich Town at the weekend.
“Sacko is not the overall player, I understand that – he'd be worth £20m otherwise”, he told BBC Radio Leeds.
“We've seen his decision making let him down sometimes – you don't mind players taking a shot as long as they make the 'keeper work.
“But he does amazing things on the wings.
"Maybe Dallas will come back into the side this weekend to bring that physicality back.”
Sacko has thus far made 31 appearances in all competitions for Leeds, scoring twice and setting up four goals.
The winger, whose present contract with Sporting Lisbon's B team runs until the summer of 2020, has represented France up to Under-20 level.
While there is an option for Leeds to keep Sacko permanently, it remains to be seen if they will do so.
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
Siemens Gamesa is to supply turbines with a combined capacity of 225MW for an unnamed client and wind farm in Kansas.
The order is for 98 2.3-108 SWT machines, which will be installed across 16,187 hectares of land.
Delivery is expected to start in the middle of this year, with the project scheduled for completion by the end of 2018.
Blades will be made at Siemens Gamesa's manufacturing facility in Fort Madison, Iowa, while the nacelles and hubs will be assembled at its factory in Hutchinson, Kansas.
Image: Siemens Games
A Broughty Ferry care home has received top marks from the Care Inspectorate following a recent visit.
Inspectors visited Balcarres Care Home on March 28 and rated the quality of both its care and staffing as “excellent”, the highest grade available.
The inspectorate noted: “We assessed the service to be performing at an excellent level of operations with many very positive outcomes for people.
“We saw that people living at Balcarres were supported to maintain aspects of their lifestyle and relationships with people that were important to them prior to moving in.”
Inspectors also noted that the garden areas at the care home had been developed, which they said provided “a range of opportunities” for residents.
Praising the selection and training of staff, the report said: “The management and staff team were well established and worked well together.
“New employees were subject to a very rigorous and well-organised recruitment process and we were impressed with the induction and support offered to them.”
Residents and relatives praised the care offered by staff in the home, which is operated by private healthcare firm Bupa.
One resident said: “It's very clean, happy staff look after me and make me feel like I'm at home.”
A relative of another resident noted: “The care my relative gets is outstanding. The staff are great. And the management team is wonderful to work with.”
A Bupa spokeswoman said: “We're thrilled to see the Balcarres Care Home being recognised for the team's hard work and commitment.
“We strive to give all of our residents excellent care in a homely environment.
“It's important our residents feel as independent as possible which is why we always put the person first.”
Nick Caito / ESPN Images(NEW YORK) — Brock Lesnar's UFC career is reportedly over.
The 39-year-old wrestler and MMA fighter has told the UFC he is retiring from fighting, UFC officials have confirmed to ESPN.
The news comes amid Lesnar's one-year suspension by the United States Anti-Doping Agency (USADA) for failing two drug tests last year.
The agency has also been notified of Lesnar's retirement, ESPN reports.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Premium features include the agenda-setting Lex column, EM Squared, Martin Sandbu's Free Lunch, Newsmine blog, daily FT ePaper and exclusive weekly emails designed to enhance your FT experience.
What do you get in your Premium Subscription package?
Lex Column - The FT's daily guide to the corporate and financial stories that matter. Since the 1930's Lex has been providing concise, readable and timely commentary on companies, markets and the theory behind investing. From tech valuations to the pros and cons of share buybacks, via the banking crisis and emerging markets, Our specialists in London, New York and Hong Kong give you the tools to make better investment decisions.
Editor's Choice - An exclusive weekly newsletter with insights from Lionel Barber, the Financial Times' lauded editor.
FT Newsmine Blog - A weekly email that abstracts essential macroeconomic data for you from the week's news stories.
Free lunch - Martin Sandbu's Free Lunch - A succinct daily take on global economics from columnist Martin Sandbu who selects and comments on the day's biggest topics.
For some time now it has been obvious to me that the majority of MPs are totally out of touch with the British electorate and the higher they climb, the more out of touch they become.
However, over recent decades we have seen the rise of young career politician from very privileged backgrounds. They receive private education, go onto the best universities, become research assistants to serving MPs and then progress to being MPs themselves. They have never done a real hard day's work in their lives and have never experienced the hardships and challenges of the average working person. How can they, therefore, have any understanding of the people they are then elected to represent? In my view this has never been more visible than in the recent EU referendum. Cameron and Osborn were two prime examples, though there are many others in my view. They were so convinced that they could sway public opinion and manipulate the electorate that they never considered failure and so never began to make any contingency plans in case the vote went against them. Then, to add insult to injury, Cameron resigned and left the mess for some one else to clear up. I had always been under the illusion that we still lived in a democracy, even though it had been eroded by Brussels. However, now it is obvious to me that what little democracy we do have left is in danger of disappearing altogether and that is terrifying. In a General Election politicians and the general public have always accepted the result whether they agreed or not. However, this has and is not the case with the referendum and yet it was a democratic vote by the majority of the British electorate, whether you like it or not. We have MPs who talk about another referendum because they say the British public didn't know what they were voting for. The north and the elderly being prime targets for these insults. We have MPs who say they will vote against and block Article 50 being triggered. What is democratic about that? What today's politicians must recognise and accept is that they are elected by the majority of their constituents to carry out their wishes. This historical concept is being ignored and whether they like it or not the British electorate have spoken. This current situation and the map of the referendum result also highlights, yet again, the vast differences between the wealthy south of England and London and the poorer rest of the country. Basically the rich and powerful versus the ordinary working people. However, what they need to realise is that their rich and powerful existence is build on the backs of the working class. Always has been and always will be. The Midlands and the north of England deserve better respect and consideration and I am now beginning to wonder if perhaps the rest of Britain would be better off breaking away from London and the south and having its own Parliament like Scotland. Something has to change. It is time for political change in this country and for Britain's sake I hope it comes sooner than later. The rich and powerful are there for the rich and powerful and the rest of us are mere pawns in their rich power games. This has to change before democracy in this country ceases altogether.
J.A.Ainsworth
In May, German utility Uniper, Düsseldorf, began operating an innovative 1-MW power-to-gas (PtG) pilot plant in Falkenhagen, Germany. The unit converts hydrogen from regenerative energy sources and carbon dioxide from a nearby bio-ethanol plant into methane, i.e., synthetic natural gas (SNG), at normal temperature and pressure. The transformation itself occurs in a prototype honeycomb catalytic reactor developed by the Karlsruhe Institute of Technology. Karlsruhe, Germany.
Methanation Pilot Plant Figure 1. Falkenhagenfacility uses hydrogen and carbon dioxide from regenerative sources to produce “green” methane. Source: Uniper.
Hydrogen for the process comes from Wind Gas Falkenhagen, a neighboring PtG plant built in 2013 to store wind energy within the German natural gas grid. That 2-MW facility produces up to 360 m3/hr of hydrogen via six alkaline electrolyzers.
The new methanation plant uses 210 m3/hr of hydrogen from Wind Gas in the reaction to produce up to 57 m³/hr of SNG; this output, roughly 600 kWh/hr, could heat a 50-m2(≈540-ft2) apartment for a month. The existing natural gas infrastructure can handle transport and storage of the SNG produced.
The reaction also generates a significant amount of heat, which a high-pressure hot water pipeline delivers to a neighboring veneer mill for use in its production processes. Meanwhile, water produced by the methanation process goes to the water supply of the electrolysis systems in the Wind Gas plant.
Falkenhagen is one of three PtG pilots currently under development in Europe as part of the European Union's four-year STORE&GO project, which was launched in 2016under the E.U's Horizon 2020 research and innovation program. Total project funding is expected to reach €28 million ($33 million), with €18 million ($15 million) coming directly from the E.U.
The pilot plant's operation over the next 24 months primarily will focus on gaining insights about specific technical areas.
“The general methanation process will be investigated in detail by various test programs to gain information on efficiency, stability, flexibility and optimization potentials. The pilot plant performance and efficiency will be compared to the other two STORE&GO pilots installed in Switzerland and Italy, with the aim to find an optimum technology for any potential boundary conditions,” says Helge Föcker, project manager storage facilities and project management, Uniper Energy Storage.
Looking to the future, Föcker is confident the technology being tested is robust enough for the rigors of commercial operation. “We believe that our pilot plant investigations will show only limited scale-up challenges and that plants in the 10-MW+ class could be realized with a very similar concept,” he adds.
Complete with new UI, dynamic zoom, cluster operations and in-building analytics
TORONTO, ON--(Marketwired - April 18, 2017) - Project X Labs Ltd. is pleased to announce the release of GeoDash™ 4, our location intelligence tool that is once again redefining the standard for affordable geographic information systems (GIS). GeoDash is a lightweight MicroStrategy extension for map-based analysis that has been overhauled with new features including an optimized UI, the ability to perform aggregate operations on point clusters, and the introduction of dynamic zoom, allowing users to streamline their analysis by toggling layers to only display at custom zoom levels.
Users can take their visual analytics right down to a shelf in a building with the in-building analytics layer IntelliSite™, which is now fully integrated into GeoDash and utilizes dynamic zoom to display automatically when zooming into a building location. Use a heat map to determine performance within your facility or store to discover insights that will streamline your business practices.
GeoDash is fully integrated with the Google Maps API giving users access to powerful features: simply geocode your locations with street addresses, use local search to reveal competitor or affinity locations, and access Street View and current traffic. Project X Labs also offers access to new data subscription services including historic and forecasted weather and historic traffic that can be integrated into GeoDash, adding new levels of insight for making important business decisions.
"We are pleased to continue our support of GeoDash as a leading location intelligence visualization tool on the MicroStrategy 10 platform," said Stephen Hayward, president of Project X Labs. "With this release, we have reengineered the platform to make use of the latest advances in the MicroStrategy architecture and maintained alignment with the Google Maps APIs. We are always evolving the product with the needs of different industries and our clients in mind, and have optimized the UI and added requested functionality. Of course, we also squashed many bugs in the process."
To request full release notes or to book a demo of GeoDash 4, contact Meaghan Davidson or Jay Borenstein at 416-422-8900 or marketing@pxltd.ca.
GeoDash™
GeoDash is a lightweight geospatial analytics tool that takes full advantage of MicroStrategy features & Google Maps tools (street view, directions, traffic, local search), eliminating the need for geocoding. Users can create & manage their own shapes (vector) within the tool, or provide shape files and then upload and save them. Users can also use GeoDash's heat-mapping feature to quickly analyze and identify outliers within their data sets.
http://www.pxlabs.ca/geodash
IntelliSite™
IntelliSite lets users drill deeper in their location intelligence projects with in-building or site-based visualizations that show performance inside a store or facility. Built to integrate into MicroStrategy in a seamless way, Project X Labs has leverages the MicroStrategy plug-in architecture for web to allow for easy set up for both web and mobile, with no need for special geocoding or naming.
http://pxlabs.ca/products/intellisite/
Project X Labs Ltd.
Project X Labs combines innovative product development with rapid results thinking to bring global customers business intelligence and data visualization software products. Focused on breaking down the barriers around enterprise scale software and delivering solutions that show results in weeks rather than months, Project X Labs is redefining access to business intelligence for every size company. Project X Labs is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Project X Ltd.
http://www.pxlabs.ca/
Project X Ltd.
Project X is a data and analytics boutique, systems integration and support firm in the information management space. They offer consulting services in advisory, data warehousing, data integration and business intelligence specifically through their MicroStrategy partnership.
http://www.pxltd.ca/
Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/4/17/11G135969/Images/GeoDash_4_UI_Clusters-5b0ff3e4a7e09c28b5694ac9c71b2b87.jpg
Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/4/17/11G135969/Images/GeoDash_4_Dynamic_Zoom-cae4c529e43988e8a6414fc739a3e69a.jpg
Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/4/17/11G135969/Images/GeoDash_4_IntelliSite-adc33d762165a1adbc68869302e76e1b.jpg
Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/4/17/11G135969/Images/GeoDash_4_Weather_Traffic-a15ee564d81b805c8afefca7b85a9a14.jpg
Embedded Video Available: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BTirH03b9XU
Summer is the time of year when big male-dominated action blockbusters roam the multiplexes like lumbering dinos in “Jurassic World.” Which means we can expect more harebrained movies based on...
Adventure charter skippers Bruce Jacobs and Rachael Sprot of Rubicon3 tested the Henri Lloyd Cobra winter gloves for a season in a variety of tough conditions.
The neoprene in this glove means that even when they (inevitably) get wet, they keep your hands warm. The Maxigrip surface proved particularly good when handling intricate jobs and overall we were really impressed with this glove. Tough, flexible and easy to get on and off even when wet.
Features: Double neoprene cuffs and thermal insulation.
www.henrilloyd.com
Hayley Wickenheiser believes sport is a microcosm of life, and how women are treated in sport is a barometer of the health of a society.
The four-time Olympic gold medallist in women's hockey was among a dozen people named Tuesday to Canadian Sport Minister Kirsty Duncan's working group on gender equity in sport.
The federal government announced in this year's budget the goal of achieving gender equity in sport “at every level by 2035” and committed an initial $30 million over the next three years to it.
Wickenheiser, Olympic champion paddler Adam van Koeverden, soccer coach John Herdman, Olympic water polo player Waneek Horn-Miller and Paralympic swimmer Chelsey Gotell are among the dozen Duncan recruited to tackle drop-out rates among adolescent girls, a lack of women in leadership roles and sexual harassment in sport.
“This group has to drive action. This working group has to work,” Wickenheiser told The Canadian Press. “If this working group doesn't come out with tangible changes that are implemented, then it's a failure.
“We need to make sure we're world-leading in this. There's no reason we can't be.”
The nine women and three men in the group are volunteering their time and are not paid, Duncan said.
“I think men have to be included in the conversation to be part of the solution,” the minister said.
The group's chair is Laval University professor Guylaine Demers, who as the head of Egale Action works for the equality of women through sport and physical activity.
“What I am looking for are recommendations that will really change the system,” Duncan said. “It's really to gather their experiences, their perspective and insights.
“I've only been on the job for two months, but this was one of the things I hit the ground running on. I've advocated for this issue for years. This is really near and dear to my heart.”
Only 24 per cent of women in Canada participate in sport compared to 45 per cent of men, girls' participation drops 22 per cent when they reach adolescence and less than half the senior staff in national sport organizations are women, according to the Canadian Association for the Advancement of Women and Sport and Physical Activity (CAAWS).
At the Winter Olympics and Paralympics in February, just over nine per cent of Canada's coaches were female.
“I think girls don't see as much opportunity in life around sport as boys do for sure growing up,” Wickenheiser said.
Duncan's vision for sport gender equality in 2035 is that “all Canadians have the opportunity to get involved and excel in sport, they should be able to do so in an environment free of discrimination or harassment, that we have equality of participation of women and girls,” she said.
“We see women and girls moving through the coaching system and judging system, women in leadership positions.”
Duncan is also the science and persons with disabilities minister. The 51-year-old MP from Etobicoke North is the third sports minister since the Trudeau government's first cabinet appointments in 2015.
A former gymnast who turned to coaching and judging and still runs marathons, Duncan says her environment as a youngster fostered a life-long passion for sport.
“(Sport) was my family's passion and I had absolutely incredible coaches,” Duncan said. “Environment is key and to make sure it's a safe and healthy place too.”
Lake in the Hills police ask for help identifying burglary suspect
hello
Lake in the Hills police are seeking help in identifying a suspect in a series of burglaries Sunday and Monday.
Police posted security camera footage that captured what appears to be a man breaking into several cars in the area of Clark and Patton avenues between Sunday night and Monday morning.
In the video, a man is seen trying to open the doors of two pickup trucks and a car parked in a driveway. It wasn't clear whether the suspect was able to enter the vehicles.
Police asked anyone with information to contact the Lake in the Hills police department by phone at (847) 658-5676 or anonymously through their Nixle emergency notification service.
Meet Polaris: Microsoft Creating a Stripped-Down Windows 10
It appears that Microsoft is working on a revolutionary version of Windows 10, codenamed Polaris, that will ditch traditional desktop applications and take a modular approach to computing.
According to a report by Windows Central, Polaris will be a version of Windows 10 built on Windows Core OS, a modular version of the operating system that can be adapted by Microsoft to suit various needs and environments.
Sources close to Windows Central have described how Microsoft is building Polaris to be a version of Windows 10 that can run on desktop, laptop and 2-in-1 devices, and it will be tied entirely to UWP (Universal Windows Platform) apps from the Microsoft Store, rather than classic desktop applications.
UWP? LOL!
If a version of Windows 10 that only runs UWP apps sounds familiar, it's because Microsoft has already attempted that with Windows 10 S. However, Windows 10 S was a bit of a half-hearted step, as it used the full Windows 10 code, and merely limited users to running UWP apps.
Because it used the full code, users could upgrade to the full Windows 10 Pro operating system -- which many did.
However, it appears that Polaris, like other versions of Windows 10 built on Windows Core OS, will feature CShell, an entirely new graphical user interface. The current Windows shell has been in use in some form since Windows 95, and so has features and elements that are no longer used, or don't apply to modern devices.
Switching to CShell will allow Microsoft to scale Windows 10 to a variety of devices, such as smartphones, tablets and 2-in-1 PCs, while stripping out redundant features, allowing for a lighter, and faster operating system.
This does mean that many legacy applications will no longer work. By keeping to UWP apps, Windows 10 Polaris should be more secure, less resource intensive, and should mean batteries on mobile devices running the operating system won't run out so fast either.
Goodbye Paint?
Switching to CShell will also mean users won't be able to upgrade from Polaris to the full version of Windows 10 Pro, but Windows Central's sources suggest that Microsoft is looking into ways of bringing legacy desktop applications to the new operating system via 'remote virtualization' -- essentially running full applications in an emulation container.
This should mean that your old programs may still be able to be run in Polaris without the operating system having to include the bloated legacy code.
Windows Central suggests we'll see Polaris in 2019, and while we've not been entirely convinced by Windows 10 S, which feels like it has too many compromises that mean it doesn't satisfy everyone, we're keen to see how Microsoft evolves Windows 10 to keep pace with modern devices.
© 2018 T-break Tech under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: Product shot by Microsoft.
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Premium features include the agenda-setting Lex column, EM Squared, Martin Sandbu's Free Lunch, Newsmine blog, daily FT ePaper and exclusive weekly emails designed to enhance your FT experience.
What do you get in your Premium Subscription package?
Lex Column - The FT's daily guide to the corporate and financial stories that matter. Since the 1930's Lex has been providing concise, readable and timely commentary on companies, markets and the theory behind investing. From tech valuations to the pros and cons of share buybacks, via the banking crisis and emerging markets, Our specialists in London, New York and Hong Kong give you the tools to make better investment decisions.
Editor's Choice - An exclusive weekly newsletter with insights from Lionel Barber, the Financial Times' lauded editor.
FT Newsmine Blog - A weekly email that abstracts essential macroeconomic data for you from the week's news stories.
Free lunch - Martin Sandbu's Free Lunch - A succinct daily take on global economics from columnist Martin Sandbu who selects and comments on the day's biggest topics.
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
WEST Midlands Fire Service has been accused of ‘misleading the public' by claiming it is reaching life-threatening blazes in less than five minutes.
Official figures published by the Government state the cuts-hit brigade arrived at the most serious – Category 1 – fires in an average of 6.8 minutes.
West Midlands Fire Service claims staff attend life-threatening emergencies in an average of 4.42 minutes. But that is a figure that does not include the time it takes to receive and handle each 999 call.
On March 5, the service tweeted a picture of rows of fire engines and said: “Official statement: For the record we categorically deny that any of our fire engines use performance-enhancing drugs to get to you in just 5 minutes in an emergency. We do, however, pump them full of highly professional firefighters.”
Councillor John Edwards, chair of West Midlands Fire and Rescue Authority, also tweeted about the 4.42 claims last summer. He wrote: “4:42s to life-threatening incidents still the best in the UK – and it matters. #4minutes42seconds #Survivability.”
He later reiterated the claim, tweeting: “We believe that is the fastest response time in the whole of the United Kingdom, which is something unique. The sooner we get to someone in danger, the more chance we have of rescuing them.”
WMFS Chief Officer Phil Loach has also re-tweeted messages from his austerity-hit fire service about the 4:42 claims.
But a Birmingham Mail investigation has not found official data to substantiate the 4.42 response claims.
Pete Goulden, West Midlands FBU Regional Secretary, said: “It's disturbing that the West Midlands Fire Service are claiming that they have one of the best response times in the UK Fire Service and they respond to Category 1 incidents on average under five minutes when the Government official statistics do not support this.
“Members of the public are being misled by the WMFS as they are omitting part of the response time – and it clearly takes longer than they are stating.”
West Midlands Fire Service answered Freedom of Information request from the Birmingham Mail, seeking a breakdown of times for Category 1 call handling, reaction and travel times.
Its own figures for 2017 show the average call handling time for the year was 78 seconds, while the average times for reaction and travel were 67 and 213 seconds respectively. That means the total average time for tackling Category 1 calls was 358 seconds – or five minutes and 58 seconds.
Yet the brigade is continuing to use its website and social media to state that 4.42 minutes is the average ‘response time to life risk' incidents.
Explaining the figure to staff in internal documentation, it has previously stated: “These numbers are generated starting from the time that a resource is assigned to an incident to the time the first resource books in attendance. The system that handles this data uses the Median time to work out the average times.
“This means all the incident times are put in a list from the lowest time to the highest time recorded, with the time in the middle used as the average.”
Official Government figures for West Midlands Fire Service are significantly higher.
In 2015/16 and 2016/17 the figure for responding to primary fires – the most serious incidents – was 6.8 minutes.
The time taken to reach dwelling fires was 6.4 minutes for both years.
In fact, official Government figures for 2016/17 showed both Cleveland and Greater London Fire Authority beat West Midlands in responding to primary fires, with Cleveland crews registering 6.4 minutess and Greater London 6.7 minutes.
The issue comes at a difficult time for West Midlands Fire Service. In the financial year 2016-17, rescues by firefighters in the region increased by 18 per cent on the previous year, according to the FBU. Yet the service will lose almost £10 million funding between 2016 and 2020 due to cuts – and now has 450 fewer firefighters than in 2010.
WHAT THE FIRE SERVICE SAID:
BEN BROCK, West Midlands Fire Service Area Commander, said: "WEST Midlands Fire Service is committed to getting to incidents where life or property is at risk in under five minutes.
"The attendance time of the first fire crew to arrive is one element of the response timeline.
"This runs from when we are alerted to an incident to when we are able to provide an assertive, safe and effective intervention.
"Following our research with academics and doctors, we have developed this response timeline to reflect a person's chance of survival at an incident.
"The faster we are, the better their chances. To ensure we can achieve the best attendance times possible, we split our performance into distinct stages.
"This lets us monitor and refine each of them, with the ultimate aim of responding as soon as possible. We have seen a reduction of 7.4% in our attendance times since 2013, which means we are getting to our most serious incidents faster than ever before to give the best chance of survival.
"In setting our five-minute attendance standard we continually monitor and evaluate risks throughout the West Midlands.
"Our attendance time is calculated from the moment our resources are mobilised until they alert our Fire Control that they are in attendance at an incident.
"We present our data in a clear, transparent and consistent way, based on advice from the Office for National Statistics.
"We are transparent about how we determine risk, and our activities to mitigate it. Members of the communities we serve can visit our website and enter their postcode to see how we are performing in their area.
"The response times published by the Government include the time it takes to receive and handle a 999 call. We closely monitor how we gather information from callers, which presents many variables such as lack of detail or communication barriers.
"We monitor and seek to improve on all of the component parts of our response timeline with staff from across the service, to ensure the best response possible.
"Through our business protection and community fire prevention activities, we constantly work to mitigate risk and increase safety throughout all stages of our response.
"We are proud of our staff's daily efforts to make our communities safer, stronger and healthier.
"Our understanding of risk is key to this, and enables us to have the right people and resources in the right place at the right time.
HOW RESPONSE TIMES ARE REACHED:
West Midlands Fire Service has a range of incidents it attends with most broken down into Category 1 and Category 2.
CATEGORY 1 is ‘property and life risk'. WMFS has set a five-minute attendance time – there is no longer any national standard on this.
CATEGORY 2 is ‘secondary fires' such as bin and grass fires. WMFS has set a 20-minute attendance time, but again there is no national standard for this.
The West Midlands brigade is quoting an average response time of 4.42 minutes for attendance to Category 1 incidents.
But it does not specify exactly what it is defining as the response time.
Sources claim the accurate response time would include:
the time it takes fire control to answer a 999 call;
the time spent by fire control obtaining address of incident and details before mobilising fire engines;
the time spent by crews getting to the fire engine;
the time spent travelling to the incident scene.
The Government publishes the response times for all fire services after being given them by the fire services themselves.
Those guidelines define the response time as measuring “the minutes and part-minutes taken from time of call to time of arrival at the scene of the first vehicle”.
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: BP opts out of Iran deals ahead of Trump hard line on Tehran
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
CULVER CITY — It will be easier than ever before for Culver City high school stu…
iStock/Thinkstock(NEW YORK) — Christina Bathea, 29, was headed to Midtown Manhattan this morning from her home in the city of Yonkers when in a passageway of the Port Authority bus terminal she said she heard a bang and saw smoke.
Bathea told ABC News she then fled on foot.
“If I didn't believe in God, I believe in God today,” Bathea said.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
TORONTO, ONTARIO--(Marketwired - Feb. 15, 2017) - HARTE GOLD CORP. ("Harte Gold") (TSX:HRT)(OTC:HRTFF)(FRANKFURT:H4O) Harte Gold is pleased to announce the addition of Mr. Richard M. Colterjohn to the Board of Directors of Harte Gold. Mr. Colterjohn is the Board nominee of Appian Natural Resources Fund ("Appian") pursuant to Appian's recent investment of $25 million in Harte Gold (please see News Release dated December 14, 2016).
Mr. Colterjohn, B. Comm. MBA; is Managing Partner of Glencoban Capital Management Inc., a merchant banking firm and has over 25 years' experience in the mining sector as an investment banker, director and operator. Prior to co-founding Glencoban Capital in 2002, Mr. Colterjohn served as a Managing Director at UBS Bunting Warburg from 1992 to 2002, where he was Head of Mining Sector investment banking activities in Canada.
In 2004, Mr. Colterjohn founded Centenario Copper Corporation where he served as President and CEO and Director, until the sale of the company in 2009. Mr. Colterjohn has also served on the Boards of seven additional publicly traded mining companies including: Canico Resource Corp (2003 to 2005); Cumberland Resources Ltd. (2003 to 2007); Viceroy Exploration Ltd. (2004 to 2006); Explorator Resources Ltd. (2009 to 2011); MAG Silver Corp. (2007 to present); AuRico Gold Inc. (2010 to 2015) until its merger with Alamos Gold, and Roxgold Inc. (2012 to present) and Aurico Metals Inc. (2015 to present).
Stephen G. Roman, Chairman, President and CEO of Harte Gold said "We are pleased to welcome Richard to the Board of Directors of Harte Gold, his investment banking, management and operating experience will further strengthen the Board and assist Harte Gold as we transition to commercial production at the Sugar Zone Property in Ontario, Canada."
About Harte Gold Corp.
Harte Gold Corp. is focused on the exploration and development of its 100% owned Sugar Zone property where it has permitted a 70,000 tonne Advanced Exploration Bulk Sample for the Sugar Zone Deposit. The Sugar Zone property is located 80 kilometers east of the Hemlo Gold Camp. The Preliminary Economic Assessment dated July 12, 2012, contains an Indicated Resource of 980,900 tonnes, grading 10.13 g/t for 319,280 ounces of contained gold (uncapped) and an Inferred Resource of 580,500 tonnes, grading 8.36 g/t Au for 155,960 ounces of contained gold (uncapped). The mineral resource was prepared in compliance with NI 43-101 guidelines. George A. Flach P. Geo, Vice President Exploration, is the Qualified Person for Harte Gold and has prepared, supervised the preparation, or approved the scientific and technical disclosure in this news release. Harte Gold also holds the Stoughton-Abitibi property located on the Destor-Porcupine Fault Zone adjacent and on strike of the Holloway Gold Mine.
Common Shares Outstanding: 437,737,982
The Toronto Stock Exchange has not reviewed and does not accept responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release.
Nazriya Nazim, the young actress finally put an end to the pregnancy rumours, in a kickass way. Recently, Nazriya posted a funny video on her official Facebook page with the caption 'My reaction to rumours 😏 😏'.
Recently, it was reported Fahadh Faasil and Nazriya Nazim are all set to welcome their first child soon. The reports had claimed the duo was spotted at a maternity clinic in Kochi, a couple of times.
However, Nazriya Nazim, who was highly irked with the baseless rumours immediately reached through her Facebook page. Nazriya's reaction video has been going on social media and has already crossed 2.1 Lakhs on Facebook.
Nazriya Nazim has been staying away from the film industry from the past two and a half years. The actress decided to take a break from her acting career, after marrying the talented actor Fahadh Faasil, her Bangalore Days co-star.
Savannah: Food tour, historic squares and the purple line
hello
SAVANNAH, Ga. -- Looking for a city with great sightseeing, shopping, food and wine?
Consider Savannah, Georgia.
If you stay anywhere near the historic district, you probably won't need a car. Just hop on the free purple line trolley, which makes 12 stops around the area.
Or walk, taking breaks on benches beneath shady trees in the district's 22 squares.
You can take a cruise on the river, buy from local artisans at the Village Craftsmen or City Market, and enjoy everything from seafood to barbecue.
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
MIAMI (CBSMiami) — Police are trying to find out what led to a shooting in Miami Friday night.
Miami Police said the shooting happened near NW 12th Street and NW 1st Place.
Three people – 2 males and 1 female- were injured in the shooting.
Two of the people shot – the woman and one man – drove themselves to Jackson Memorial Hospital.
The woman suffered a shot to the abdomen.
Police say all of the victims are in stable condition.
The other man injured was grazed by a bullet. He remained at the scene.
The cause of the shooting is under investigation.
Police have not said if someone is in custody in connection to the incident.
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
Iss Pyaar Ko Kya Naam Doon Season 3 has been in news from the day it was announced. Recently, the show was launched and the press conference was held. The producer Gul Khan and the actors of the show - Barun Sobti and Shivani Tomar were seen interacting with media.
Have a look at what the producer and actor have to say about the show, casting and the controversy surrounding these...
Gul Khan On Not Casting Sanaya Irani Gul said, "We didn't feel Sanaya fits into the character (Chandini) so we didn't approach her." She added that it was fun working with Sanaya. But, she hopes that they will have fun shooting with Shivani, this time. Gul Supported Shivani Fans are upset as the makers cast Shivani instead of Sanaya. But, Gul added that she stands by her decision as she feels Shivani is the best Chandni. Was Gul Affected By Negative Comments In an interview to an entertainment portal, when Gul was asked whether she was affected by the negative comments on the show or casting, she said, "No, I am not annoyed. It is a phase that will get over." Will Sanaya's Absence Be Felt In The New Season Barun said, "Different characters need different actors to be cast. I was cast for suitability. How come people are missing Sanaya without watching the show? Shivani suits the character, she is perfect fit for it hence she was cast." How Shivani Takes The Criticism! Shivani has been at the receiving end of trolls and has been facing criticism by fans. When asked about the same, Shivani said, "The show is not on air yet and the audience hasn't seen it. Maybe once the show goes on-air, their point of view might change." Barun Feels It Is Worth Wait! Barun added, "I have seen a few shots and a few parts of the show and all I can say that it's going to be worth the wait." Barun's Character On The Show… Barun plays the role of Advay Singh Raizade. He is a Math professor, who lived in UK all of his life! He is seeking revenge because of what happened to his family in the past. Chandini's role When asked Shivani about her role, she added, "Chandini is sweet, humble and lovable. She loves her family."
When asked how is Advay different from Arnab, Barun was quoted by a leading daily as saying, "He is not an angry young man. We are not trying to replicate the earlier character that I played. This is a hostile, dark and unapologetic character. This is different realm altogether."
When asked if it was a conscious decision from your side to not be seen on TV for some time, Barun said, "No it's nothing like that. Acting is not a contractual job. We are freelancers and I picked up what I liked doing according to the commitment and time that I had."
Barun says that he is not comfortable doing a same daily soap and that's the reason he opted for a finite series like this (IPKKND). He feels that 'it gets difficult after a certain period of time to write characters. So, if it is a finite series it becomes better entertainment wise for everyone.'
He also added that he is not a big fan of reality shows. He says that reality shows make him nervous.
IPKKND 3 is all set to television screen on July 3, at 8 PM on Star Plus.
(Images Source: Facebook)
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: ‘Zero evidence' Moscow influenced US poll, says Trump press chief
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
With the epic failures of Android lines such as the Galaxy, it seemed like the path was clear for the iPhone to re-establish its dominance over the smartphone industry. But when Google announced it was releasing its Pixel smartphone, consumers deci...
IMAGE: CNS/L'Osservatore Romano
By Cindy Wooden
VATICAN CITY (CNS) — Acknowledging how often the Catholic Church failed to protect children from sexual abuse, Pope Francis pledged “to work strenuously and with foresight for the protection of minors and their dignity,” including online.
“As all of us know, in recent years the church has come to acknowledge her own failures in providing for the protection of children: Extremely grave facts have come to light, for which we have to accept our responsibility before God, before the victims and before public opinion,” the pope said Oct. 6.
Pope Francis welcomed to the Vatican participants from an international congress on protecting children in a digital world. Hosted by the Pontifical Gregorian University's Center for Child Protection in partnership with WePROTECT Global Alliance , the congress Oct. 3-6 was designed to get faith communities, police, software and social media industries, mass media, nonprofits and governments working together to better protect minors.
At the beginning of the audience , Muireann O'Carroll , a 1 6-year-old from Ireland, summarized the congress conclusions “on behalf of all children.”
Participants appealed to governments, church leaders and tech companies to do everything possible to remove online images of children and young people being sexually abused, identify and help those children, and end cyberbullying and “sextortion,” which is using sexual images to blackmail someone. They also asked people involved in health care to increase the training needed to know when a young patient is being abused and how to help them.
Pope Francis told the group that as a result of the “painful experiences” of seeing some of its clergy abuse children, but also as a result of “the skills gained in the process of conversion and purification, the church today feels especially bound to work strenuously and with foresight for the protection of minors and their dignity, not only within her own ranks, but in society as a whole and throughout the world.”
The 80-year-old pope said that with the explosive growth of digital technology, “we are living in a new world that, when we were young, we could hardly have imagined.”
“If, on the one hand, we are filled with real wonder and admiration at the new and impressive horizons opening up before us,” he said, on the other hand its quick and widespread development has created new problems.
“We rightly wonder if we are capable of guiding the processes we ourselves have set in motion, whether they might be escaping our grasp, and whether we are doing enough to keep them in check,” Pope Francis told the group.
The “extremely troubling things on the net,” he said, include “the spread of ever more extreme pornography, since habitual use raises the threshold of stimulation; the increasing phenomenon of sexting between young men and women who use social media; and the growth of online bullying, a true form of moral and physical attack on the dignity of other young people.”
In addition, he said, there are the phenomena of sextortion and the solicitation online of minors for sexual purposes, “to say nothing of the grave and appalling crimes of online trafficking in persons, prostitution and even the commissioning and live viewing of acts of rape and violence against minors in other parts of the world.”
“The net has its dark side — the ‘dark net' — where evil finds ever new, effective and pervasive ways to act and to expand,” the pope said. “The spread of printed pornography in the past was a relatively small phenomenon compared to the proliferation of pornography on the net.”
The problem is huge and global, the pope said, and no one should underestimate the harm children and young people face.
“Neurobiology, psychology and psychiatry have brought to light the profound impact of violent and sexual images on the impressionable minds of children, the psychological problems that emerge as they grow older, the dependent behaviors and situations, and genuine enslavement that result from a steady diet of provocative or violent images,” he noted.
“The spread of ever more extreme pornography and other improper uses of the net not only causes disorders, dependencies and grave harm among adults, but also has a real impact on the way we view love and relations between the sexes,” he said. “We would be seriously deluding ourselves were we to think that a society where an abnormal consumption of internet sex is rampant among adults could be capable of effectively protecting minors.”
While the internet has given people greater access to information and a vehicle for self-expression, it is not simply “a realm of unlimited freedom” without consequence, the pope said. The freedom of the internet “also offered new means for engaging in heinous illicit activities,” often with children as their victims.
“This has nothing to do with the exercise of freedom,” Pope Francis insisted. “It has to do with crimes that need to be fought with intelligence and determination, through a broader cooperation among governments and law enforcement agencies on the global level, even as the net itself is now global.”
– – –
Copyright © 2017 Catholic News Service/U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops. www.catholicnews.com. All rights reserved. Republishing or redistributing of CNS content, including by framing or similar means without prior permission, is prohibited. You may link to stories on our public site. This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. To request permission for republishing or redistributing of CNS content, please contact permissions at cns@catholicnews.com.
Utah residents are holding unity and anti-racism rallies Monday night to denounce the messages of hate and violence of white supremacists at a weekend rally in Charlottesville, Virginia.
U.S. Rep. Mia Love of Utah and Lt. Gov. Spencer Cox are scheduled to speak at a rally at 5:30 p.m. at the state Capitol in Salt Lake City.
Utah GOP chair Rob Anderson says members of Utah's Republican Party organized the unity event and leaders of Utah's Democratic Party will join and address the rally too.
The Utah League of Native American Voters is holding an anti-racism rally at 7 p.m. at the Salt Lake City Hall.
Members of the League, along with representatives of Equality Utah, Utah Against Police Brutality and Utah Women of Color Council are scheduled to speak.
The Mormon church is joining other organizations in condemning the racism displayed during a white supremacist rally Saturday in Virginia that spiraled into deadly violence.
The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints said in a statement Sunday: "People of any faith, or of no faith at all, should be troubled by the increase of intolerance in both words and actions that we see everywhere."
The Utah-based religion pointed to a speech given more than a decade ago by late church president Gordon B. Hinckley, in which he said people who make disparaging remarks about other's race can't be considered true disciples of Christ.
ELLSWORTH — Sun-blinded and sleeping motorists had car crashes during the past week, according to the Hancock County Sheriff's Office.
A car went off the road and down an embankment after the sun temporarily blinded a motorist on Airport Road in Stonington Sept. 29, Deputy Brian Archer said.
Linda Eaton, 74, of Stonington was driving a 2017 Toyota Avalon, which sustained damage to its front and undercarriage, police said. The car had to be towed from the scene but Eaton was not injured, Archer said.
A car was damaged after it went off the road and struck several small trees after a motorist fell asleep on the Bald Mountain Road in Dedham Sunday, Deputy Jeff McFarland said.
Debbie Johnston, 57, of Dedham was operating a 2008 Toyota Yaris, which sustained front end damage and had to be towed, McFarland said.
A car sustained minor damage after a bear stepped into its travel lane on Caterpillar Hill Road in Sedgwick Sept. 26, Deputy Travis Frost said.
Rex Garrett of Holden was operating a 2010 Honda Accord, Frost said.
“The bear hit the front bumper and took off into the woods,” Frost said. Garrett continued to his destination.
Unattended deaths
Archer checked on an unattended death at a Stonington residence Sunday. A man, 77, had died as a result of injuries sustained during an accidental fall on the beach, the deputy said.
A Sullivan woman, 52, passed away due to health issues Sept. 28, Archer said.
Drug offense
Police charged Joseph Dupuis, 26, of Windham with unlawful drug possession (cocaine) Sept. 26 in Tremont.
Citizen assists
Deputies helped several residents navigate issues last week ranging from neighbor disputes to Facebook harassment to concerns about a federal probationer boyfriend.
Two Gouldsboro residents reported a property line dispute and harassment problem Saturday. Deputy Luke Gross explained the harassment law and advised both parties to seek legal advice for the property issue.
A Hancock County man called police Saturday about concerns for the well-being of his children as well as their mother. The woman has been romantically involved with a man who is on federal probation. Lt. Tim Cote gave the woman options and contacted the man's probation officer.
A Sorrento woman complained Sunday about a stranger copying pictures from her Facebook account and posting the photos on the stranger's social media account.
“Where no crime was committed, the caller was referred to Facebook's complaint department,” Gross said.
A Surry woman reported ongoing harassment on Facebook Sept. 27. The woman advised Deputy Dan Harlan that she had not actually had contact with the harassing party.
“We determined that the best course of action is to block the offending party,” Harlan said.
Deputy Luke Gross met with an Eastbrook parent and daughter, 15, who had run away Sunday but returned. Gross said he explained “applicable laws.”
What authorities thought might be a suicidal woman on the Penobscot Narrows Bridge Sept. 26 turned out to be a woman walking due to car problems, Harlan reported.
Burglary
Detective Franklin Jennings is investigating a possible burglary at a Trenton residence that was reported Sept. 27.
Agency assist
Child Protective Services asked Archer to check on a Stonington girl, 11, on Saturday.
“I was able to locate the female and determined that she was not in any danger,” Archer said.
Summonses
Jennings summoned Heather Mitchell-Relyea, 48, of Hampden on charges of operating after suspension and violating conditions of her release Sept. 28 on Route 9 in Aurora.
The Department of Defense sent a statement to NBC News late Monday afternoon confirming it will comply with recent court orders regarding transgender military recruits.
"As required by recent federal district court orders, the Department of Defense recently announced it will begin processing transgender applicants for military service on January 1, 2018. This policy will be implemented while the Department of Justice appeals those court orders,” the statement read.
"The United States District Court for the District of Columbia ordered DoD to implement, effective January 1, 2018, the accession policy issued by former Secretary Carter in 2016. DoD and the Department of Justice are actively pursuing relief from those court orders in order to allow an ongoing policy review scheduled to be completed before the end of March," the statement continued.
Kollar-Kotelly ruled against Trump's transgender military ban in October, saying the administration had provided no solid evidence for why a ban should be implemented. Another federal judge, Marvin Garbis, of U.S. District Court in Maryland, ruled against the ban last month. In a strongly-worded passage from his 53-page decision, Garbis wrote that the "capricious, arbitrary, and unqualified tweet of new policy does not trump the methodical and systematic review by military stakeholders qualified to understand the ramifications of policy change."
The tweet Garbis referred to came in an unexpected series of posts Trump made in July announcing his intention to ban transgender people from serving in the military.
Shannon Minter, legal director for the National Center for Lesbian Rights (NCLR), which, along with GLBTQ Legal Advocates & Defenders (GLAD), has been fighting the transgender military ban in court, applauded Kollar-Kotelly's decision on Monday and shot back at the Trump administration.
“Trump administration claims that our highly sophisticated military is unprepared to implement a minor policy change after more than a year of preparation are simply not credible,” Minter said in a statement to NBC News.
“The military has studied this issue extensively and determined that permitting qualified transgender people to enlist and serve will only strengthen our nation's armed forces," Minter added. "This administration's claim that allowing transgender people to enlist will lessen military preparedness is contradicted by the military's own conclusions."
Amanda Simpson, a former deputy assistant secretary of defense who was the highest-ranking transgender person in the department, said, “The idea there needed to be an emergency stay was ridiculous.”
She also blasted the Trump administration for putting currently serving transgender people and prospective recruits in limbo.
“Young people enlist in our military with the knowledge or at least the promise to serve our country, to pledge their life in service and protection of our nation, and in doing so, they sign a contract that says for a certain number of years they will make that obligation, and they arrange their lives accordingly,” Simpson said. “So now you're saying, 'Enlist, but there's a possibility somewhere down the road … we may ask you to leave because we don't believe trans people can be integrated with our forces'? That's entirely bogus.”
Potential transgender recruits will have to meet a lengthy and strict set of physical, medical and mental conditions that make it possible, though difficult, for them to join the armed services. Eastburn, the Pentagon spokesman, said transgender recruits will be able to enlist if a medical provider certifies they've been clinically stable in their preferred sex for 18 months and are free of significant distress or impairment in social, occupational or other important areas.
The requirements make it challenging for transgender recruits, but they mirror concerns President Barack Obama's administration laid out when the Pentagon initially lifted its ban on transgender service last year.
"Due to the complexity of this new medical standard, trained medical officers will perform a medical prescreen of transgender applicants for military service who otherwise meet all applicable applicant standards," Eastburn said.
Estimates of trans people currently serving in the military range from just a few thousand to up to 15,000. Amid the political back-and-forth about whether trans people will be able to serve openly, Simpson sent a message to those now serving.
"We've got your back, and we're fighting for you," she said. "You've been fighting for us, and all the American people understand the commitment and sacrifice you are making, and we will make sure you have the ability to continue to serve honorably and with distinction."
FOLLOW NBC OUT ON TWITTER, FACEBOOK AND INSTAGRAM
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) — The drama of Sunday seemed an appropriate ending to a very dramatic season for the Vikings.
U.S. Bank Stadium is home to the Vikings and what a home it is. A $1 billion facility and a couple of years removed from the Metrodome, U.S. Bank Stadium made quite the August football debut.
A 90-year-old fan who has seen all three stadiums smiles.
“I think it's just gorgeous,” the fan said.
After the first preseason game, another fan said, “The acoustics were fantastic. No bad seats in the house.”
The ideal start to an ideal season, at least for a little while. By game five, the Vikings were No. 1 in the NFC North. But as the temps dropped, so did the stats as the Vikings lost four straight.
A fan said in November, “We're still supporting the team, just gotta believe.”
With an injured coach and injured stars, you might think hope would dwindle.
But on the last game on Jan. 1, 2017, the team and the stadium kept pulling fans in from all over.
Robert Derrek Taylor says he's been a Viking's fan since he was 4 years old. This was his first trip to Minneapolis.
“Being from Mississippi, it's cold but I walked around this is awesome, awesome. Great day, great day,” Taylor said.
Aaron Moss came from Winnipeg Manitoba.
“Came down from Canada, eh. And we're having a wonderful time and we want to see this new beautiful stadium,” Moss said.
Jim Kerrigan traveled from Chicago to see the stadium and his favorite purple team.
“The Vikings season what can I say, let's be positive,” Kerrigan said.
And that may be these fans' strongest attribute. Even when the weather wasn't fair and the chips were down, they keep their chins up, grateful for the new home and the new year.
Taylor says, “Maybe I'll be back, Super Bowl 2018.”
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Going to a public toilet is an experience often fraught with anxiety.
Men have to deciding between standing next to a stranger at a urinal, or awkwardly lingering outside a cubicle until one becomes available.
Women have to deal with the unfair situation that queues for female toilets tend to be longer than those for men – and there's no guarantee that they'll be clean either.
And after all of that comes the big question of which cubicle will be the cleanest.
Thankfully a doctor has now come up with the answer.
On the website Sharecare, Dr Mehmet Oz claims that most of us tend to skip the first toilet in a block of cubicles, and instead head for one further down that looks like it hasn't been regularly frequented.
But the direct result of this is that the first toilet doesn't get used that often – and it's this cubicle that tends to be the cleanest.
Dr Oz says: ‘When you use a public restroom, do you tend to skip the first stall and choose one farther away from the entrance?
“If you do, you are not alone.
“Experts theorise that people tend to skip the first stall in favour of stalls farther back to have a little more privacy.
“But because the first stall is used least often, it contains the lowest bacteria levels. Instead of skipping the first stall, choose it to help avoid possible infections.”
So, always go for the first toilet – your health will thank you for it.
The Pacific Coast of Oregon and the middle of nowhere Wisconsin wouldn't seem to have too many similarities. But in discussing why great golf works at Bandon Dunes, and how David McLay Kidd took inspiration from his successful breakthrough course more than 20 years ago, you arrive in tiny Nekoosa, Wis.
Kidd's Mammoth Dunes at Sand Valley opens Thursday, less than four years after having walked the site and being rewarded the design job from Mike Keiser. Keiser gave Kidd his shot at Bandon Dunes and also found Sand Valley, whose Bill Coore and Ben Crenshaw course won Golf Digest's Best New course in 2017 . Kidd's new course is a top contender for the honor in 2018, along with Streamsong Black and some others, but regardless of the outcome, the design represents a shift in philosophy from Kidd and his design team that started 10 years ago after a return to Bandon Dunes.
As a little-known mid-20s architect from Scotland, Keiser picked Kidd to design his first course at what is now one of the world's most well known golf resorts. Since then, Kidd realized he had deviated from what he knew instinctively from growing up as the son of a greens superintendent, playing Old Tom Morris and James Braid courses in Scotland. What did Kidd get right at Bandon? And how could he learn from those successes? Having received some criticism for some of his later work—the most extreme of which was fellow designer Tom Doak giving Kidd's Castle Course at St. Andrews the only “0” on his 1-10 scale on his Confidential Guide to Golf Courses—Kidd took his two lead designers, Casey Krahenbuhl and Nick Schaan—back to Bandon Dunes to draw specifics on what succeeded. The result? A shift in design philosophy that is most embodied at Mammoth Dunes.
“There's a misconception that the super creative, best shaping work we do in the dirt has to result in difficult. And that difficult courses that are somehow a badge of honor,” Krahenbuhl says. “So that was the memorable part for me. We realized we can have both. We can create these amazing golf holes—like the 16th hole at Bandon Dunes—which are also extremely playable while being great golf holes.”
Since that trip, Kidd's team had successful openings at Gamble Sands in Washington and Huntsman Springs in Idaho among others. But McLay Kidd came in 2014 to build the second course at Sand Valley, and the result might be Kidd's team best work yet.
“We needed to remind people that golf could be fun again, and 10 years after my epiphany at Bandon Dunes, Mammoth Dunes opens, so it's pretty cool,” Kidd told Golf Digest at Mammoth Dunes, a day before the course's official opening. “I hope this helps in its way to steer the course of golf courses in the future. I'm on a mission for myself and also golf in general to make courses more playable.”
It's not hard to buy into Kidd's statements. The scale and width at Mammoth Dunes allows golfers to play into sharply contoured greens from any angle, but not heavily penalizing golfers for spraying it left or right, or missing a shot left or right. Perhaps the most fun hole is the drivable par-4 14th, which plays from an 80-foot tall sand ridge down to a green that Kidd calls the "Big Brother version of a Redan green on a par 4." Talk about unique. And there are options left or right, including a speed slot to the right that will funnel one's ball down to the green.
Kidd incorporated the design of Golf Digest's Armchair Architect winner Brian Silvernail for the 14th hole, using Silvernail's original sketch. Though Silvernail got some technical lessons on drainage, irrigation and maintenance, the design is Silvernail's, and McLay Kidd's team made it work.
The before-and-after drone footage of the hole that tips out at 325 yards but plays from 297 yards from the second set of tees (and downhill) is a must-watch.
Loading View on Instagram
The design played into Kidd's concept of a successful drivable par 4.
"My premise for a really fun par 4 starts with getting as many players as possible to actually go for it. If golfers feel they need to lay up because the trouble is too much, they feel like they were robbed and didn't have that same opportunity. In order to make as many people as possible to try to drive it, you have to make the penalty for error pretty minor. So you have to be willing to give away birdies and pars to have them go after eagles. And if you miss, your recovery shot is achievable.
"Part of the thrill, too, is the concept based on the Redan-style green, which is usually found on a par 3. But we achieved it on a par 4. So you have the thrill for a golfer hitting their driver and watching it chase on the ground for 15 to 20 seconds before it stops, who doesn't think that's cool?"
Other highlights include a boomerang green on the sixth hole, inspired by a trip that Kidd made to Crystal Downs Country Club in Frankfort, Mich. , No. 11 on Golf Digest's latest 100 Greatest ranking, and studying Alister MacKenzie's half-moon seventh green.
Pinterest Jeffrey R. Bertch
Kidd and his team spent some time trying to adapt the unique green, even taking a basketball and rolling it from one side to the other, making sure it was possible to putt from one side to the other. As Wednesday's pin location proved, the task was a success and the green is one of many interesting green sites on the course.
Perhaps the most impressive is the par-3 13th green, and the massive landforms in which the green sits.
Pinterest The impressive 13th green.
And the fifth hole, which down a massive sand ridge before the green that sits in the valley, kicks off a truly invigorating stretch of holes. "This is the place on this golf course that I stand and say, 'Wow,' " Krahenbuhl said.
Pinterest Jeffrey R. Bertch The fifth green at Mammoth Dunes.
Plus the island-green par-3 eighth hole, with a green surrounded by sand instead of water, comes after the seventh, which features a bunker that incorporates an old settlement house found during construction.
Loading View on Instagram
Loading View on Instagram
Loading View on Instagram
And so golfers will find yet another great golf course in Wisconsin, following the lead of Whistling Straits and its four courses, and 2017 U.S. Open site Erin Hills. In Sand Valley's case, you have two courses, plus a 17-hole par-3 course from Coore and Crenshaw, with the likelihood of more courses down the road, is the result of a golf-course shaper Craig Haltom finding this untouched timber forest plantation and suggesting to Keiser that he check out the land, which he did in 2013, telling our Ron Whitten : "I really tried to resist this project, but within 30 minutes of being on-site, I was hooked."
Drive four hours from Chicago, three and a half from Minneapolis or two and a half from Milwaukee, and you find Sand Valley Resort. It's an hour on I-39 north from Madison, Wis., and make a left turn, and then a right, and you'll have a similar reaction to Keiser.
Kidd's course, which he refers to as "the latest groundwork in Mike Keiser's master plan for a bigger project to create a pine barrens resort that spreads out in every direction," has successfully utilized massive sand dunes into a pine oaks savannah of incredible scale.
"We've made it so that the fear of failure isn't so daunting," Schaan said. "Sure, the 20-handicapper is willing to accept the consequences of a bad shot. But if he's able to find it, keep it in play and have a chance on your next shot to pull off a fun recovery shot, that's going to be more fun, and that's a success. And a lot of that is visual. The whole idea that hitting a golf shot should be based on pass or fail isn't very fun."
RELATED: Golf Digest's most recent rankings of the best courses in Wisconsin
WATCH MORE VIDEOS FROM GOLF DIGEST
National leader of the Progressives Congress ( APC ) Bola Ahmed Tinubu has reacted to the launch of the Coalition for Nigeria championed by former President Olusegun Obasanjo. Tinubu stated that it was too early to respond to movement as every Ni...
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Airbnb's edge on room prices depends on tax advantages
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Some people in the crowd did jeer the Congresswoman over her responses to questions on Syria and Trump's cabinet, but many cheered and hollered for Gabbard.
HONOLULU — Hawaii Rep. Tulsi Gabbard has made her name as a national figure as the lonely supporter of Syrian dictator Bashar al-Assad and her suggestion that he may not have committed chemical attacks against his own people, a view that has earned her condemnation from both parties and suggestions from the left that another Democrat should challenge her next year. “This is a disgrace. Gabbard should not be in Congress,” former Democratic National Committee chairman Howard Dean followed up. But here in Hawaii, the view seemed to differ drastically from that in Washington. While some DC Democrats have grown increasingly skeptical of the 36-year-old congresswoman, Gabbard was greeted with cheers and applause from roughly 400 constituents at a town hall on Oahu Saturday, with just a few exceptions. Many stood and vigorously applauded as Gabbard took to the podium at Kainalu Elementary School on Oahu in the neighborhood of Kailua, just a few blocks away from where former President Barack Obama likes to stay when he visits.
People of Hawaii's 2nd district - was it not enough for you that your rep met with a murderous dictator? Will this… https://t.co/TfJnFnGe1g
Syria was on the mind of people in the audience, as well as Trump, with whom Gabbard met shortly before he took office. Although Gabbard's constituents expressed concern that she met with Assad in secret earlier this year, it wasn't necessarily a dealbreaker for those at the town hall. “She is wonderful,” Mary Papish told BuzzFeed News, while holding a “Tulsi = Aloha” sign. “I would like to know what Assad and her might have spoken about,” she added.
Doug Smith, another attendee, told BuzzFeed News that he knew that “the Syria thing got a lot flak,” but still he thinks that “she's authentic.” He added that “she corrected herself on gay marriage.” (Gabbard is the daughter of State Senator Mike Gabbard, who built his career in Hawaii around his opposition of LGBT rights, and she agreed with him on his views opposing same-sex marriage until 2012).
Bonnie Pomertz told BuzzFeed News that she hoped Gabbard would become president. “I think she should be our next president in 2020 or 2024,” Pomertz said. “We need a woman in there.”
One of the first comments at Saturday's town hall was from a woman who identified herself as the mother of military members, asking Gabbard if should, would "continue, despite pressure by other people in Congress, to uphold your values and your support of not having a continued war and continued bombing of Syria?" Several people in the audience cheered after her question.
Many at the town hall Saturday said they still supported Gabbard, while also expressing uncertainty about her take on Syria. One woman asked Gabbard point-blank why she met with Assad. "What was the goal or intention of being there, particularly in meeting with him?" She asked, "because when you meet with a monster like that you legitimize him." Her question drew so much applause that it momentarily drowned out her voice.
Gabbard, an Iraq War veteran, said she was concerned about US involvement in conflicts in the Middle East and that she was working towards peace by meeting with a wide variety of people, including Assad, an answer that drew applause from many in the crowd. "If we want to bring about an end to conflict, then we can't do so just sit around and meeting with our friends," Gabbard said.
In response to a question about meeting with Trump, Gabbard said that she wished the president would listen to her and that they had not met since.
Gaye Chan, a University of Hawaii professor who has previously supported Gabbard, asked the congresswoman why she hadn't joined more than 150 of her colleagues in signing a letter to denounce White House senior adviser Steve Bannon, whom they accused of promoting white nationalist views and called on Trump to fire him. Gabbard responded that she was not going to get "into a name-calling game," adding, "I don't see how it accomplishes anything." Her answer was met by applause and whistling, but there was one person who yelled back at her about not denouncing Bannon and had to be silenced by the moderator. Chan later tweeted that Gabbard's answer was "inadequate." There were some people in attendance who told BuzzFeed News that the verdict was still out on whether they would be voting for Gabbard in 2018. "I'm not a huge fan. I don't understand why she seems to defending Assad in some sorta weird way," Kim Osborn Mullen told BuzzFeed News. "Her experience on why she went to Syria doesn't ring true or make much sense." Sheuli Molla described herself to BuzzFeed News as skeptical of Gabbard for having met with Assad and her involvement with the military. "There's a lot of misinformation," Molla said. After the town hall was over, Gabbard was crowded by about 30 supporters, who lined up to add just one more lei to the pile around her neck and get a selfie.
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Surge in Chinese corporate investment into the US
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) — Spring officially arrives this week, and that means we can soon start shedding some layers of clothes.
But some people dread exposing their bare legs. About a quarter of the population has them, and many find them to be unsightly. New research is now drawing a connection between varicose veins and an increased risk of blood clots.
In HealthWatch, we looked at the complications that can come from those bulging veins. Dr. Joseph Karam is a vascular surgeon for Allina Health. He treats patients with complications from varicose veins. He showed us photographs of what they typically look like.
“This is the typical appearance of a large varicose vein. We can see them in the back of the knee or down in the calves,” Dr. Karam said.
It's the kind of thing you hope no one notices, but in some cases varicose veins are hard to ignore because they're painful.
“The problems are usually related to achiness in the legs, tenderness over the actual varicose veins. Patients will tell me it hurts at the end of the day over that one spot over the vein,” Dr. Karam said.
That's what Maggie Dukinfield experienced, as well as the challenge of trying to hide them.
“I would try to cover them up sometimes. I would even put on makeup sometimes to try to cover them up,” Dukinfield said.
Maggie is a nurse who spends a lot of time on her feet. That's one of the factors that can cause varicose veins or worsen them.
That, and pregnancy.
“They're noticeable, my children noticed them. They'd point them out. ‘Mommy has an owwweee on her leg,'” Dukinfield said.
Maggie underwent a non-invasive surgical procedure to get rid of the varicose veins in her calves. You can barely see them anymore, and she's pain-free.
She also wears compression socks now, which are highly recommended by doctors to improve the circulation of blood in the legs.
They help keep blood from pooling in the veins.
“I'm just wearing plain black ones, they come in lots of different colors. You can find them online,” she said.
A recent study published in the Journal of the American Medical Association found people with varicose veins may have a higher risk of developing potentially dangerous blood clots in veins that are deep into the body.
It's a condition called deep venous thrombosis, or DVT.
Dr. Michael Hu is a vascular surgeon at Hennepin County Medical Center.
“I think the value of the research is that there is probably a stronger association between varicose veins and deep vein thrombosis than we previously thoughT,” Dr. Hu said.
He reviewed what researchers found when they looked at the health records of more than 425,000 people in Taiwan. He says the findings don't mean there's evidence that varicose veins cause blot clots, but, “Because it covers such a large population of people, I think it adds weight to the fact we need to study it more,” Dr. Hu said.
And become aware of when you should see a doctor.
“If you have sudden increase in your leg size, it's swollen, it's red, it's painful, this is an emergency and you need to get medical care,” said Dr. Karam.
Doctors say that varicose veins typically become more problematic as you age.
Image caption Scottish pop group Chvrches will play at Spain's Primavera Sound festival this weekend
From Adele to James Bond, from David Hockney to Harry Potter, the UK's creative talent is admired around the globe.
And the creative industries are one of the UK's fastest growing sectors, growing at twice the rate of the overall economy.
Those in the creative industries are far more anti-Brexit than the rest of the country - a poll by the Creative Industries Federation (CIF) found 96% of its members voted Remain in the 2016 referendum.
Personal politics aside, there are practical reasons why people in the arts are worried that Brexit will be bad news - including their concerns about free movement of talent, funding and Britain's reputation around the world.
But others are seeing silver linings.
Here are some of the ways Brexit could affect the UK's creative industries and talent.
Performers face tour burden
Image copyright Getty Images
Arctic Monkeys, Idles (pictured), Chvrches and Jorja Smith are just some of the 40 UK acts travelling to play at this weekend's Primavera Sound festival in Barcelona.
As well as worries about the end of free movement having an impact on people wanting to live and work in another country, there are also concerns that it will make it more difficult for musicians and other performers to go on tour.
They may need visas for themselves and their crew, and could need carnets - documents allowing the temporary movement of goods - for their instruments and equipment.
There might also be complex tax procedures and lengthy customs checks. All that could be expensive and time-consuming to organise.
Big-name acts will probably feel the effects less, but there are fears that it will be prohibitive for up-and-coming artists and larger ensembles.
The same applies to European performers wanting to travel to the UK.
Former Labour MP Michael Dugher, chief executive of trade body UK Music, has called on the government to bring in a "touring passport" to get around any extra red tape and cost.
Han Solo is still free to travel
Image copyright Lucasfilm
Britain's film and TV industries have been booming of late, thanks largely to Hollywood studios choosing the UK to film blockbusters like Solo: A Star Wars Story, Mission: Impossible - Fallout and Jurassic World: Fallen Kingdom.
Foreign studios spent £1.7bn in the UK in 2017 - almost double the amount spent four years previously.
Most of that money came from America, so that won't be directly affected by Brexit. The main impact so far has been to lower the value of the pound, actually making it more attractive for US studios to film in the UK.
Some film-makers are worried about being able to recruit crew members from Europe to work in the UK, though, and have voiced concerns about European co-productions, funding and distribution schemes.
However, Lord Puttnam, who produced Chariots of Fire and is president of the Film Distributors' Association, has said more investment in home-grown films "with a distinctive British voice could help to deliver a form of national re-branding".
The Gruffalo and free movement
Image caption Axel Scheffler says The Gruffalo would not have existed if the UK wasn't in the EU
If the UK had never been in the EU, children's favourite The Gruffalo - one of every child's favourite books - wouldn't have existed, its German-born illustrator Axel Scheffler recently said.
He brought the character - and many others - to life, working with writer Julia Donaldson in what must be one of the most successful UK-EU creative partnerships.
He moved to the UK 36 years ago and said that without free movement, he wouldn't have been able to make his home in Britain and team up with Donaldson.
Scheffler is one of thousands of Europeans in creative jobs in the UK - the CIF estimated there were at least 130,000 EU nationals working in the sector in 2016.
Some areas rely on European talent more than others. An estimated 30% of people working in visual effects for film and TV were from the EU, with the figure at 20-30% for video games and 25% for architecture.
One of the biggest concerns about Brexit is that some of those people will want to - or be forced to - go home. It's also feared that others will be put off coming to the UK or be unable to do so, meaning artistic collaborations may not happen and some companies may struggle to attract the necessary talent.
In December, a joint document issued by the UK government and the EU said both EU citizens and UK nationals will be able "to live, work or study as they currently do under the same conditions as under Union law" after Brexit.
The late Martin Roth, the German museum director who took London's V&A to new heights, said upon his departure in September 2016 that he might not have taken the post if it had come up after the EU referendum.
"I'd probably still be offered a job, but the question is rather, would that job still be as attractive in such a context?" he said.
Will TV broadcasters relocate?
UK media watchdog Ofcom currently regulates around 1,200 TV services. But almost a third of those do not broadcast to UK viewers.
They are based in the UK - but the current "country of origin" rule says media outlets can serve the whole of the EU as long as they abide by the rules of their host country.
Some of these companies are considering relocating if they can no longer reach the whole of the EU from the UK, while others have put plans for new investment in the UK on hold, Ofcom said last year.
The Guardian has reported that Discovery is planning to move its European playout hub from London.
No more EU funding
English arts organisations received £345m from the EU between 2007 and 2016, according to Arts Council England (ACE).
However, an ACE report said only 14% of its organisations have direct EU funding, with 30% of the organisations saying they have benefitted indirectly from EU funding.
Those getting funding include the Hall for Cornwall in Truro, which has £2.1m European Regional Development Funding to help pay for a new creative industry workspace unit.
In August 2016, the government said it would guarantee to support some EU-funded projects after the UK leaves the EU.
And no more European Capitals of Culture
Image copyright Alan Richardson
Amid all the speculation about what might happen after Brexit, there is one concrete consequence we do know about.
In November, the European Commission cancelled the UK's turn to host the European Capital of Culture in 2023 - because the UK will have left the EU by then.
Dundee, Nottingham, Leeds, Milton Keynes and Belfast/Derry had their eyes on the boost to their economies and images that the title would have brought.
When Liverpool was the UK's last Capital of Culture in 2008, it saw an extra 9.7 million visits and a £750m injection into the local economy.
Open for business?
When ACE published a survey of its members' views on Brexit in February, one of the key concerns was that the vote would harm the UK's global standing.
"There are significant concerns about the potential negative impact of Brexit on the UK's international reputation for arts and culture," its report said.
One of the organisations quoted, Newcastle-based Isis Arts, works with many European partners.
"People are not looking to us in quite the same way that they might have done before," they said. "Our position over there in these other countries is slipping away from us. It's such a shame because we were held in very high regard."
The world beyond the EU
But the CIF points out that there are opportunities for British firms and talent beyond the EU.
It talks about catering for "the expanding middle class in nations from Chile to China", especially through new digital technologies.
Architects' body RIBA says the UK can fill a skills shortage in the US, while institutions like the V&A and the British Museum have been making inroads in Asia and the Middle East.
The CIF quotes Diane Banks of Diane Banks Associates Literary & Talent Agency as saying: "Investors are much more interested in our access to North American and Asian markets than the EU as these markets offer the highest growth potential, particularly when dealing with an English-language product.
"Leaving the EU will also present exciting opportunities to innovate and be more competitive."
Michael Longhurst, who started the group Artists For Brexit, says: "We are very keen on trying to promote the notion of global Britain. You're shifting your emphasis to being interested in and having equitable exchange with the world, which has got to be brilliant for the arts."
Other factors
There are other big issues for people across the British creative sector - who say copyright protection should be maintained, data should still be able to flow freely between the UK and EU, and tariffs shouldn't raise costs for businesses and prices for consumers on exporting things like books, video games and art.
Artists get to grips with dramatic times
Image copyright Getty Images
Aside from the economic implications, we're seeing a new breed of artists and writers who have been stirred to give their creative responses to Brexit and the wider political climate.
The Young Vic's incoming artistic director Kwame Kwei-Armah (pictured) recently told The Stage: "We can't rest on our laurels, but we're in great shape as a country [for political writing] because Brexit, wherever you sit on it, has awoken a generation [of playwrights]."
At the very least, Brexit has given Benedict Cumberbatch another job.
Will the UK exit Eurovision?
Thankfully - or not, depending on your view - the Eurovision Song Contest has nothing to do with the European Union.
Israel, Azerbaijan and Australia are among the non-EU countries who take part in the annual song extravaganza. So the UK can continue to compete.
Unfortunately, Eurovision is the one part of the creative sector where the UK is a consistent failure.
Follow us on Facebook, on Twitter @BBCNewsEnts, or on Instagram at bbcnewsents. If you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news@bbc.co.uk.
KFC wants to put a chicken sandwich in outer space.
The chicken chain says it will send its spicy ‘zinger' sandwich to the edge of the atmosphere.
KFC is partnering with world view enterprises on the project. They will use a high-altitude balloon to accomplish the feat.
The launch window opens June 21.
LEADING OFF: Bettis back from chemotherapy, Strasburg rehab
hello
Cleveland Indians' Francisco Lindor, left, and Austin Jackson celebrate a win over the Tampa Bay Rays at the end of a baseball game Sunday, Aug. 13, 2017, in St. Petersburg, Fla. Associated Press
Boston Red Sox's Brock Holt, left, celebrates with teammates Andrew Benintendi, second from left, Mookie Betts and Jackie Bradley Jr., right, after a baseball game against the New York Yankees, Saturday, Aug. 12, 2017, in New York. Associated Press
Philadelphia Phillies' Odubel Herrera, right, is tagged out by New York Mets third baseman Wilmer Flores after trying to advance on a fly-out by Nick Williams during the fifth inning of a baseball game, Sunday, Aug. 13, 2017, in Philadelphia. Associated Press
FILE - This Sept. 11, 2016 file photo shows Colorado Rockies starting pitcher Chad Bettis working against a San Diego Padres batter during the first inning of a baseball game in San Diego. Bettis will complete his comeback from chemotherapy for testicular cancer by starting the game in Denver against Atlanta on Monday, Aug. 14, 2017. Associated Press
A look at what's happening all around the majors Monday:
___
WELCOME BACK
Rockies right-hander Chad Bettis will complete his comeback from chemotherapy for testicular cancer when he starts at Coors Field against Atlanta.
The 28-year-old Bettis finished his last round of treatment in May, two months after doctors discovered his testicular cancer had spread. He had surgery in November to remove the cancer, but it returned and he was forced to leave the team in March for chemotherapy.
The game will be Bettis' first in the majors since Sept. 30. He went 14-8 for Colorado last year.
ON THE MEND
Washington ace Stephen Strasburg begins his rehabilitation assignment when he starts for Class A Potomac in the Carolina League. He's been on the disabled list since late July with right elbow nerve impingement. The All-Star is 10-3 in 20 starts for the NL East leaders.
FAMILIAR FOES
In another potential playoff preview, the Red Sox host the Indians to make up an Aug. 2 rainout. Cleveland swept Boston 3-0 during last year's postseason, and the teams are currently on track to meet again in an AL Division Series this October. They've already squared off in the playoffs five times since 1999 - and the ties between these organizations run deep. Indians skipper Terry Francona guided Boston to two World Series titles (2004, 2007). Whenever he faces the Red Sox these days, he manages against one of his closest friends, John Farrell.
Boston has won the first two of seven regular-season matchups between the clubs, including one of the wildest and most exciting games of the year in their most recent meeting Aug. 1. This time, Trevor Bauer (10-8, 4.79 ERA) pitches for the Indians against Doug Fister (2-5, 5.03), who took a shutout into the eighth inning and beat Cleveland 6-2 at Fenway Park for his first win of the season July 31.
NEW YORK STATE OF MIND
This year's edition of the Subway Series begins with the first of two games at Yankee Stadium, followed by a pair at Citi Field. And even though the depleted Mets (53-62) have been selling off veterans since falling out of the pennant race, there's this bit of drama as a backdrop: Executives on both sides have been sniping at each other in the New York media about recent trade talks between the teams. "I think there will be a ton of excitement in both stadiums," Yankees manager Joe Girardi said. "Obviously, they're really important games for us. And I'm sure the Mets consider them really important for them, too, as it's part of the rivalry."
Girardi said his staff has talked about ex-Mets farmhand Luis Cessa (0-3) "probably" being recalled from the minors to start the opener in place of injured pitcher Masahiro Tanaka. Rafael Montero (1-8) gets the ball for the Mets.
O-DUBEL PLAY
Odubel Herrera has gotten as much notice for his bat flipping and baserunning blunders as he has for the 16-game hit streak he takes when Philadelphia plays at San Diego.
Herrera was involved in a bizarre play in Sunday's home loss to the Mets when he mistakenly ran into a double play. He was booed the rest of his at-bats and fans yelled at him that he should go back to the minors.
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Anshu Jain joins Cantor Fitzgerald as president amid growth push
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
http://Peopleimages.com / Getty Images ID: 10532676
The salaries of US-born computer scientists might be higher were it not for the influx of high-skilled immigrants into the tech industry, a new report suggests.
According to a working paper published by the National Bureau for Economic Research, a spike in the immigration of high-skilled immigrants is generally good for American consumers, American tech companies and the average American worker; it can bring more jobs, cheaper products, and faster innovation. But it can also depress earnings for US-born computer scientists.
The report, which analyzed the economic impact of high-skilled immigration during the dot com boom, found that if there had not been a wave of high-skilled immigrants allowed into the country during the 1990s, by 2001 “wages for US computer scientists would have been 2.6% to 5.1% higher.”
Since his inauguration, President Trump has signaled a coming crackdown on high-skilled immigration. A leaked draft of an executive order on the work visa program advocates for regulation that “prioritizes the interests of American workers.” Tech execs argue that, for the pace American innovation to continue abreast, the country needs foreign born computer scientists; Apple CEO Tim Cook, who's been meeting with leading Republicans, wrote in a letter to employees that immigration is important “both to our company and to our nation's future.” But this new report finds that, while companies would profit and the economy overall would benefit, high rates of immigration can have a negative impact on programmer pay.
In order to measure the impact of high-skilled immigration on the tech industry, researchers used the tech boom of the late 1990s as a model; the goal was to figure out whether US-born computer scientists would experience a net positive or net negative impact if the US hadn't opened the doors to more and more immigrants during that time. What they found was that, in the absence of immigration, both wages and overall employment for US computer scientists would have been higher.
“We did end up finding that there are costs to US born computer scientists, but on average, US workers are still better off under high-skill immigration,” said Gaurav Khanna, one of the report's authors. “The average US worker is better off, managers are better off, owners are better off, consumers are better off, anyone who uses a computer is better off, because they're using better technology to do their own work.” Even US-born computer scientists, facing the lower wages that follow a spike in immigration, typically just sought other, higher-paying careers, such as management, he said.
Also better off are the tech companies themselves. For years, leaders in the tech industry have been staunch defenders of high-skilled immigration, pushing policymakers to raise the limit on the number of workers allowed into the country. And the NBER report found that there's a good reason for that — more immigration increases the overall profits of the tech sector. As its authors note, “It is then no surprise that Bill Gates and other IT executives lobby in favor of increasing quotas for high-skill immigrants.”
But the impact of immigration isn't just about the bottom line. Innovation and immigration are positively correlated — if the US doesn't continue to bring in top talent from around the world, its tech industry could lose its competitive edge.
“A lot of people in the tech industry do believe that immigration is going to help the US maintain this advantage they have in IT production that has slowly been slipping away to other countries like India,” Khanna said. According to data from job search site Indeed.com, tech workers looking for jobs outside their home country look at the US first, but also consider Canada, Australia and the UK, among others. A throttling of high-skilled immigration into the US could be a real boost for the tech industries in those countries.
Silicon Valley venture capitalist Sam Altman, who has spoken out publicly against the early immigration crackdowns of the Trump administration, says it's actually because of immigration that the US tech industry became dominant in the first place. Top paying companies like Google or Facebook wouldn't be able to pay those high salaries, Altman believes, if it weren't for their ability to bring in “the best talent from around the world.”
“Although I'm willing to believe that in a normal environment immigration puts some downward pressure on wages, I think the fact that we can have these giant wages for software engineers is a factor of how powerful these companies have gotten,” Altman said. “[One reason tech] companies have become so powerful and valuable is because of immigrants.”
Khanna echoed that sentiment. “I do think [the US tech industry] would definitely exist and be a major player,” he said, “but it would probably not be as strong.”
Members of President Trump's campaign team and several of his associates had numerous chats with the Russians in the year prior to the election, a report says.
Phone records and intercepted calls show that Trump campaign officials and advisers had been repeatedly conversing with senior Russian intelligence officials and other government individuals for months, according to the New York Times.
Current and former American officials told the newspaper that the communications were first discovered in the fall, around the same time that they learned about Russia's hacking of the DNC. What was discussed on the calls is ultimately unclear — and the officials wouldn't say whether Trump was even brought up.
Authorities reportedly began investigating whether there was any foul play or connection to the cyberattack, but were unable to find any evidence.
While the officials refused to identify the campaign officials involved, one of the associates that was reportedly calling the Russians was said to be Paul Manafort — who served as Trump's campaign chairman for several months and worked as a political consultant in Russia and Ukraine.
The 67-year-old shot down the accusations in a telephone interview with the Times on Tuesday, insisting he was in no way involved with the Russians.
“This is absurd,” he said. “I have no idea what this is referring to. I have never knowingly spoken to Russian intelligence officers, and I have never been involved with anything to do with the Russian government or the Putin administration or any other issues under investigation today…It's not like these people wear badges that say, ‘I'm a Russian intelligence officer.'”
The intercepted calls in question are different from the ones President Trump's former national security adviser, Michael T. Flynn reportedly had with Russian ambassador Sergey I. Kislyak.
COLUMBUS, Ohio (AP) — The Columbus Blue Jackets scored more goals in the first six minutes of Sunday's game than in their first two playoff games combined. That still wasn't enough to slow down the Pittsburgh Penguins, who dealt the Blue Jackets a third straight playoff loss and put them on the brink of elimination.
Now the Blue Jackets, whose best season in franchise history included a 16-game winning streak, will try to get a win at home on Tuesday night to avoid being swept out of the first-round series by the defending Stanley Cup champions. An overtime goal by 22-year-old rookie Jake Guentzel — set up by some deft puck-handling behind the net by Sidney Crosby — was the latest dagger. Guentzel had a hat trick in the 5-4 Pittsburgh win Sunday.
Columbus isn't the only team in trouble. The Minnesota Wild, who had a 12-game winning streak this season, are down 0-3 to the surprising St. Louis Blues while Cup favorites Chicago and Washington have been plunged into challenging first-round series of their own.
The Wild's struggles are even more perplexing. Minnesota has outshot St. Louis 117-79, killed off eight of nine power plays but has never led. Game 4 is Wednesday at St. Louis, whose goaltender, Jake Allen, has a .974 save percentage and 0.91 goals-against average after being 3-5 with a .902 and 2.29 in his playoff career coming in.
Columbus outshot Pittsburgh in their first two playoff games, and the Blue Jackets had chances to win all three. Veteran goaltender Marc-Andre Fleury, replacing injured starter Matt Murray, has been sharp for the Penguins and made a critical mask save of a potential game-winning Brandon Dubinsky shot in overtime Sunday.
“We've played good hockey, and it's unfortunate we've put ourselves in this situation,” Blue Jackets captain Nick Foligno said Monday. “There's pressure, but we know what we're facing. We've got a chance to just go out there and try to make a series of this.”
Columbus will be without sensational rookie defender Zach Werenski, who was lost for the year after taking a Phil Kessel shot to the face Sunday. He suffered a fractured cheekbone.
But the Blue Jackets will get forward Matt Calvert back for Game 4 (7:30 p.m. EDT, CNBC). Calvert sat in the press box Sunday night, serving a one-game penalty for breaking a stick over the back of Pittsburgh's Tom Kuhnhackl and then decking him after the game was out of reach Friday night. Calvert didn't want to talk about the play Monday, but he did say it wasn't payback for anything that happened in the game.
There was “nothing that led to it,” he said. “The series is a battle.”
___
Canadiens at Rangers, Montreal leads 2-1 (7 p.m. EDT, NBCSN)
Just 18 seconds from trailing 2-0 in this series, the Canadiens have seized the momentum and they expect the Rangers to come out with more intensity in Game 4.
“We know we didn't see their best,” forward Max Pacioretty said a day after Montreal's 3-1 win in Game 3. “So we're expecting, obviously, a pushback from them and we know we're going to see their best the next game.”
In the last two games especially, the Canadiens have done a good job of preventing the Rangers from using the up-tempo style they're best at, clamping down defensively and forcing New York to dump and chase. The Rangers managed just 21 shots on goal in Game 3 and had 21 giveaways, including 10 in the first period.
“With any team, if they're fast you got to get on them quick,” defenseman Jordie Benn said. “We've been pretty good at that the last few games. We just got to keep doing it.”
After getting the winning goal in overtime in Game 2, Alexander Radulov put the Canadiens up 3-0 Sunday night, giving him two goals and three assists in the last two games.
___
Oilers at Sharks, Edmonton leads 2-1 (10 p.m. EDT, NBCSN)
The Oilers have found a new playoff hero in their first postseason trip since 2006. Hard-hitting winger Zack Kassian has turned into a clutch goal-scorer in the playoffs with the game-winners in back-to-back contests to give Edmonton the lead in the series after dropping the opener in overtime.
“His play speaks for itself,” coach Todd McLellan said. “He's stepped up to the plate and delivered for three games straight. Obviously scoring big goals but doing a lot of other things during the game — the penalty kill portion of it, the forecheck, the momentum. He's been tremendous for us.”
After scoring just seven goals in the regular season, Kassian has scored his first two game-winners since the 2014-15 regular season.
The Sharks are just looking for any kind of goal after being shut out by Cam Talbot for a second straight game. San Jose is just 1 for 14 on the power play this series and has scored on just three of 83 shots. San Jose's quartet of 25-goal scorers in the regular season — Joe Pavelski, Brent Burns, Patrick Marleau and Logan Couture — have none so far in the playoffs.
“It doesn't matter how well the goalie played, we have to get to him,” Pavelski said. “In these one-goal hockey games, we have to stick one in the net.”
(© Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
Plans are afoot to build a new “drive-thru” coffee shop close to King's Mill Hospital.
An application has now been submitted to Mansfield District Council seeking permission to build the Costa Coffee drive-thru on land at Sutton Road.
The application seeks permission for a new Costa on the site of the now-demolished King's Mill petrol station, at the junction with King's Mill Lane.
If approved, the café would measure 1,800 sq feet and have 34 parking spaces for customers – meaning motorists can either grab a coffee for the road or head inside to relax.
The developer also wants to build a three-bedroom, two-storey, detached residential home behind the cafe, which would have two parking spaces for the homeowners.
The proposed site, measuring 2,070 sq metres in total, is almost opposite Morrisons supermarket and about one-and-a-half miles south west of the town centre.
Dovetail Architects, which has submitted the application on behalf of Costa Coffee, said in a statement: “Located within a residential neighbourhood, this proposed development will blend in with the area of mixed use commercial and low-rise two-to-three storey detached and semi-detached houses.
“Newly built housing development will respect the local traditional character, with familiar design features such as brick arches, tile finishes and bay windows.
“The proposed house will be a two-storey detached dwelling, which will blend with the neighbouring houses.
“The Costa Coffee drive-thru will also be of a similar height to the neighbouring building.
“The site benefits from a prominent frontage to Sutton Road and several supermarkets within a dense residential neighbourhood. A major location feature is King's Mill Reservoir – a good quality public open space located within two minutes walk from the site.”
To find out more about the application and see designs of the development, visit planning.mansfield.gov.uk and search reference 2017/0259/FUL
n The Latest planning applications – See Page 13
NFL mock draft: Giants and Jets take huge quarterback gambles The Serby Mock 3.0, selections 1-20, operates on the theory that the Vikings will beat the Jets, Broncos and Cardinals to prospective $30 million man Kirk Cousins. This will be...
NFLer left millions to feed the world — and it's working Jason Brown walked away from being the highest-paid player at his position in the NFL to become a YouTube-trained farmer and feed the hungry. The former Ravens and Rams center...
Uber driver: NFLer stole my $15 phone charger This isn't the Charger a Raven should have been grabbing. Ravens cornerback Marlon Humphrey is being charged with third-degree robbery and misdemeanor harassment, according to the Tuscaloosa (Ala.) County Sheriff's Office,...
NFL playoff picture is finalized with Bills shocker Whew! The NFL's playoff seeds and first-round matchups were set in dramatic fashion. Buffalo got the final postseason berth when Cincinnati stunned Baltimore. The Bengals scored on a fourth-and-12 when...
Every Eagles game — and win — sets off more alarm bells If you're an Eagles fan and you're completely comfortable with their position as the start of the playoffs nears, it's likely you're not being honest with yourself. Either that or...
Ravens lash out at shifted Sunday NFL schedule OWINGS MILLS, Md. — Playing their best football at just the right time, the Baltimore Ravens need only to beat Cincinnati at home on Sunday to reach the playoffs for...
This week shocked NFL gamblers It was a wild and weird Week 15 in the NFL, with every underdog on the Las Vegas betting lines losing. When the Falcons beat the Bucs on Monday night,...
Robert Griffin III is either delusional or foolish Robert Griffin III, who has spent much of this NFL season campaigning for jobs, says he does not have one because he's turned a few down. The same free-agent quarterback...
Steelers made emotional win all about injured teammate PITTSBURGH — Ryan Shazier was everywhere. His helmet rested on the Pittsburgh Steelers' bench. His jersey, too. His face and #Shalieve stitched on specially designed cleats. His familiar No. 50...
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
TORONTO, ON--(Marketwired - February 15, 2017) - Feronia Inc. ("Feronia" or the "Company") (TSX VENTURE: FRN) is pleased to announce that all conditions precedent have been satisfied to facilitate a second drawdown of $10 million (the "Second Drawdown") from the previously announced $49 million secured term facility (the "Facility") provided in December 2015 by a syndicate of European lenders consisting of four Development Finance Institutions ("DFIs"). Subsequent to this drawdown, $25 million will have been drawn on the Facility. All amounts in this press release are expressed in US dollars unless otherwise indicated.
The purpose of the Facility is to finance investment into equipment, replanting, fertiliser and environmental and social governance ("ESG") expenditures required as part of the rehabilitation of the three palm oil plantations of Feronia's subsidiary Plantations et Huileries du Congo SA's ("PHC"), in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (the "DRC").
The Facility comprises of $16.5 million provided by DEG -- Deutsche Investitions- und Entwicklungsgesellschaft mbH ("DEG"), lead arranger and agent for the syndicate, $16.5 million by Nederlandse Financierings-Maatschappij voor Ontwikkelingslanden N.V. ("FMO"), the Dutch development bank, $11 million by the Belgian Investment Company for Developing Countries ("BIO"), the Belgium Government's DFI, and $5 million by the Emerging Africa Infrastructure Fund ("EAIF"), a facility of the Private Infrastructure Development Group (collectively the "Lenders").
Through this financing the DFIs contribute to the development of poor rural areas by supporting the private sector; an important engine for employment and income in developing nations such as the DRC.
Further drawdowns against the remaining $24 million available under the Facility are subject to satisfying further conditions precedent. The amounts advanced under the Facility will be repaid semi-annually over a six year period commencing September 2019. The Facility is subject to covenants, pledges and charges typical of a loan facility of this nature and shall be secured by way of a first ranking security against the assets of PHC and by way of a pledge of the shares of PHC by a Belgian subsidiary of Feronia.
Feronia selected the Lenders following a tender process which saw considerable interest from a variety of debt providers and DFIs. Approval of the loan by the Lenders followed a comprehensive due diligence process and the further development and extension of the Company's Environmental and Social Action Plan ("ESAP"). The ESAP is the Company's roadmap for implementing environmental and social best practice and improving social infrastructure across its operations and was jointly developed with CDC Group plc, one of Feronia's key shareholders.
In addition to completing the conditions precedent required to access the undrawn component of the Facility, Feronia continues to consider various funding opportunities including both equity and convertible debt instruments. The Company plans to use any funds raised to refinance existing maturing convertible debentures and for general working capital purposes.
Frank Braeken, Chairman of Feronia commented: "After a considerable amount of hard work by many people, I am delighted that we are making the second drawdown on the debt facility provided by our DFI lenders.
"The DFI lending process is, quite rightly, rigorous. Their involvement with a company brings scrutiny at all levels and imposes requirements to operate at the highest standards and work towards internationally recognized standards in areas such as the environment, social matters and corporate governance. We believe that the rigor, scrutiny and requirements that DFI involvement in Feronia and PHC brings are hugely positive for all stakeholders.
"This and subsequent drawdowns will allow us to continue to deliver on our objectives of rebuilding PHC into a sustainable business fit for the 21st century and, in the process, become a model for transparency and sustainability both in the DRC and in the palm oil sector."
About Feronia Inc.
Feronia is an agribusiness operating in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC).
At the heart of Feronia lies a long established palm oil business, Plantations et Huileries du Congo (PHC), which has three remotely located plantations; Lokutu, Yaligimba and Boteka. We also have an arable farming operation.
When Feronia acquired its palm oil business from Unilever in 2009, it had suffered from years of underinvestment and considerable disruption caused by conflict in the DRC. Our initial focus has been on rebuilding the business and resuming production to secure its future and the livelihoods of the 3,800+ people we directly employ.
Feronia's plantations produce crude palm oil (CPO) and palm kernel oil (PKO). CPO is part of the staple and traditional diet of the Congolese and, with our products sold locally in the DRC, we are well placed to help decrease reliance on imports and increase food security and quality.
Feronia prides itself on being the guardian of our 104 year-old palm oil business and its employees, communities, and environment. We have a long term commitment to improve the living and working environment of our employees and their communities and are committed to sustainable agriculture, environmental protection and community inclusion. Feronia has in place Environmental and Social Management which is focused on implementing environmental and social best practice and improving social infrastructure.
Feronia is working towards certification by the Roundtable for Sustainable Palm Oil (RSPO) and is implementing IFC/World Bank standards for environmental and social sustainability. Our oil palm replanting programme is brownfield in nature - replacing old palms with new - and it has no reliance on deforestation.
For more information please see www.feronia.com
About DEG
DEG, a subsidiary of KfW, finances investments of private companies in developing and emerging market countries. As one of Europe's largest development finance institutions, it promotes private sector development to contribute to sustainable economic growth and improved living conditions.
About the Belgian Investment Company for Developing Countries (BIO)
BIO (www.bio-invest.be) is a private company whose capital is held by the Belgian state. The mission of BIO is to support a strong private sector in developing and/or emerging countries, to enable them to gain access to growth and sustainable development. BIO invests directly and indirectly in private sector projects and as such makes a structural contribution to the socio-economic growth of those host countries. Its mandate requires strict criteria in terms of geographical targets, financing tools and, above all, impact on development.
About FMO
FMO is the Dutch development bank. FMO has invested in the private sector in developing countries and emerging markets for more than 45 years. Our mission is to empower entrepreneurs to build a better world. We invest in sectors where we believe our contribution can have the highest long-term impact: financial institutions, energy and agribusiness. Alongside partners, we invest in the infrastructure, manufacturing and services sectors. With an investment portfolio of EUR 9.2 billion spanning over 85 countries, FMO is one of the larger bilateral private sector development banks globally. www.fmo.nl
About EAIF
The Emerging Africa Infrastructure Fund (EAIF) lends to private sector companies building, expanding or improving infrastructure in sub-Saharan Africa. The Fund's objective is to facilitate economic development that directly and indirectly contributes to the alleviation of poverty. EAIF is financed by the governments of the UK, The Netherlands, Sweden and Switzerland and by commercial banks. For more on please seewww.eaif.com
Cautionary Notes
Except for statements of historical fact contained herein, the information in this press release constitutes "forward-looking information" within the meaning of Canadian securities law. Such forward-looking information may be identified by words such as "anticipates", "plans", "proposes", "estimates", "intends", "expects", "believes", "may" and "will". There can be no assurance that such statements will prove to be accurate; actual results and future events could differ materially from such statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially include, among others: risks related to foreign operations (including various political, economic and other risks and uncertainties), the interpretation and implementation of the "Loi Portant Principes Fondamentaux Relatifs A L'Agriculture", termination or non-renewal of concession rights or expropriation of property rights, political instability and bureaucracy, limited operating history, lack of profitability, lack of infrastructure in the DRC, high inflation rates, limited availability of debt financing in the DRC, fluctuations in currency exchange rates, competition from other businesses, reliance on various factors (including local labour, importation of machinery and other key items and business relationships), the Company's reliance on one major customer, lower productivity at the Company's plantations and arable farming operations, risks related to the agricultural industry (including adverse weather conditions, shifting weather patterns, and crop failure due to infestations), a shift in commodity trends and demands, vulnerability to fluctuations in the world market, the lack of availability of qualified management personnel and stock market volatility.
Details of the risk factors relating to Feronia and its business are discussed under the heading "Risks and Uncertainties" in Feronia's Management's discussion and Analysis for the year ended December 31, 2015, a copy of which is available on the Company's SEDAR profile at www.sedar.com. Most of these factors are outside the control of the Company. Investors are cautioned not to put undue reliance on forward-looking information. Except as otherwise required by applicable securities statutes or regulation, the Company expressly disclaims any intent or obligation to update publicly forward-looking information, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
Neither the TSX Venture Exchange nor its regulation services provider (as that term is defined in the policies of the TSX Venture Exchange) accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release.
The Supreme Court made a historic decision on sports betting on Monday, striking down the federal law that banned bets on sports in every state but Nevada. The 6-3 decision opens the door for other states to legalize sports betting and create their own industry.
"This is a huge decision," Westgate Superbook's Jay Kornegay said.
The ruling struck down the Professional and Amateur Sports Protection Act (PASPA), which Congress passed in 1992 to prevent states from legalizing sports betting. Nevada was exempt from law, since it had already created a sports betting industry.
"America likes sports and betting together. Sports and betting have gone together for thousands of years, this will take off," gaming attorney Dennis Gutwald said. Before practicing law, Gutwald was an investigator for the Nevada Gaming Commission.
"Over the next few months, within the next year, I could see bets being taken outside of Nevada," Gutwald said.
Five other states have already legalized sports betting, anticipating the Supreme Court ruling. New Jersey is the state that originally challenged PASPA. West Virginia, Mississippi Connecticut and Pennsylvania have also passed sports betting laws.
The ruling left many wondering what will happen to Nevada's sports books. Thousands of people travel to the valley and pack into sports books for major sporting events like the NCAA Men's Basketball tournament and the Super Bowl.
"I don't have the similar concerns that others might have," Kornegay said. "It's very rare that people come out to just make a sports bet, they come out to enjoy the venues, the great and fabulous sports books that we have. It's going to be very difficult for these other jurisdictions to emulate what Las Vegas can produce."
Kornegay said the Supreme Court ruling is an opportunity to introduce sports betting to a new clientele, who may have not ventured into a sports book otherwise.
"Congress can regulate sports gambling directly, but if it elects not to do so, each State is free to act on its own."
Read the court's full opinion (authored by Justice Alito) here: https://t.co/h2V7ZZocDk — Eric Hilt FOX5 (@ericmhilt) May 14, 2018
Meredith Digital staff and the Associated Press contributed to this story.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Title deeds to be eventually handed out in Kouga
Title deeds to be eventually handed out in Kouga
Title deeds to be eventually handed out in Kouga
The DA led Kouga Municipality will be handing out more than 1 600 title deeds over the next six months.
Mayor Horatio Hendricks said that, in addition to the 202 title deeds that were delivered to Thornhill in March by his predecessor, Elza van Lingen, a further 1688 title deeds had been found “lying around”.
“These title deeds are for RDP houses across the region and date back as far as 2001.
“We need to correct this as a matter of urgency if we are serious about empowering communities and creating ownership in the economy,” he said.
“Residents have been denied ownership of their homes by the ANC in Kouga for well over a decade and that will come to an end,” added Hendricks.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Email
More
Google
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Tumblr
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
“It has been completely restored and will be the focal point for our county's museum,” said Wilson County Commissioner Jerry McFarland.
Weather permitting, the effort will start Thursday at 10 a.m. and should take about four hours.
Lebanon police officers plan to assist with traffic control and road closures. Motorists traveling on Baddour Parkway and North Cumberland Street from the fairgrounds to the Lebanon Square may experience delays.
The UH-1 Huey helicopter was brought from Nashville to Lebanon last June to start renovations on the Vietnam War-era bird.
According to McFarland, the helicopter is on loan from the state of Tennessee. McFarland said the UH-1 Huey helicopter was used to fly U.S. soldiers to Vietnam from 1966-68, and the Tennessee National Guard later used it from 1980-85. The state acquired the helicopter and used it as a training aid most recently, McFarland said.
The aircraft's interior and exterior will be restored; the outside will be repainted to its original olive drab, and nose art and the tail number will be added, McFarland said last year.
“There is a lot of history with this aircraft,” McFarland said.
According to McFarland, former Wilson County sheriff and current Commissioner Terry Ashe flew in an UH-1 in the Vietnam War as part of the 48th Assault Helicopter Co. attached to the 101st Airborne, which is based out of Fort Campbell, Ky. The 48th AHC was active from Nov. 6, 1965 until Aug. 23, 1972 and participated in 16 campaigns in the Vietnam War, according to military historians.
The particular UH-1 was active in Vietnam from 1966-68, when it was sent back to the U.S. to replace the engine with a heavier engine. It never returned to Vietnam, McFarland said.
In combat, it was able to fit 13 people, by weight. However, if there was equipment to be shipped, then fewer people could fly in the machine.
Later, when the Tennessee National Guard received the revamped UH-1, McFarland was part of a crew that flew them in the United States. The helicopter was based out of Smyrna. The National Guard replaced the UH-1 when the units began to fly Blackhawk helicopters, McFarland said.
The transport of the historic aircraft last year involved the chopper loaded onto a lowboy trailer and strapped securely. The UH-1 is about 50-52 feet in length, McFarland said, with rotors that are 48 feet in length.
Visitors to the museum will be able to go into the helicopter, put on headsets and talk back and forth as if they were riding in the machine. The engine components will be removed and only enough power to light and work the console and headsets will be used.
Correspondent Angie Mayes contributed to this report.
This week on MacBreak Studio, Steve Martin from Ripple Training explains how he uses his iPad Pro to start editing in the field, then back in the edit suite easily moves his project to Final Cut Pro X in order to continue working.
New in version 10.4 of Final Cut Pro is the ability to directly import iMovie iOS projects. While this process works with a regular iPad, iPad mini, or even an iPhone, Steve likes editing on the iPad Pro because of its large screen size and the fact that he can use a stylus.
After shooting, to get your footage from your cards into an iOS device, you'll need a reader such as this Mibor SD Card reader.
iMovie iOS is a robust mobile editing application that you can use to not only make selects and stringouts; you can also add titles, transitions, color effects, and retiming effects. It has a very similar look and feel to Final Cut Pro X, so FCP editors will feel at home with it right away. Shooters who don't edit, producers, and directors will find it easy to use in order to build a preliminary edit right on set, in a hotel room, or on a plane.
In Steve's example, he's created a stringout of some key selects with dissolves and a title. To move the project to Final Cut Pro X, you simply click the Share button at the bottom of the screen.
From here you have several options. If your Mac is nearby, you can AirDrop the project directly to your Mac. That is probably the fastest and easiest way to go.
Or as Steve demonstrates, you can select iTunes, where you can then choose to share the edited video or the project file. In this case we want the project, which includes all the source media in project bundle. You can send this bundle to the cloud and then download it once you are in front of your Mac. In the video, Steve has his iPad Pro connected to his Mac via a lightning cable, so he sends the project bundle directly to the Mac.
In iTunes on the Mac, under File Sharing, iMovie is one of the selectable apps. Selecting it reveals the transferred iMovie project. You can drag this project file from iTunes directly to the Finder. Now in Final Cut Pro X, you can choose File > Import > iMovie iOS projects and it will come in as its own event in the selected library. What's cool is that everything comes in: not just the clip selects, but transitions, titles, color effects, retiming effects – virtually everything you can do in iMovie iOS translates seamlessly to Final Cut Pro X. Sweet!
Check it all out above. Want to edit even faster? Check out our Warp Speed Editing in Final Cut Pro X tutorial.
The Federal Reserve is punishing Wells Fargo.
The Fed said late Friday that it will restrict the bank's growth in light of "widespread consumer abuses," including its notorious fake-accounts scandal.
Wells Fargo won't be allowed to get any bigger than it was at the end of last year until the Fed is satisfied that it has cleaned up its act.
"We cannot tolerate pervasive and persistent misconduct at any bank," outgoing Fed Chairwoman Janet Yellen said in a statement. Friday is her last day on the job.
Wells Fargo will replace three board members by April and a fourth by the end of the year. In addition, the bank must improve its risk management.
The bank agreed to the Fed's conditions under what's known as a consent decree.
Related: Elizabeth Warren wants the Wells Fargo board wiped out
In a statement, Wells Fargo said it is "confident" it can meet the Fed's requirements.
Wells Fargo has admitted that its workers responded to wildly unrealistic sales goals by creating 3.5 million potentially fake accounts. The bank has also said it forced up to 570,000 customers into unneeded auto insurance.
--CNNMoney's Matt Egan contributed to this report.
The-CNN-Wire
™ & © 2018 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
Last night I met Tony O'Donnell.
It was a riot of rushed words, shared memories of mutual friends plus gratitude from me for Anthony's playing of me at Donmar Warehouse Theatre. He wore a wig for the show which he sadly dumped for the photograph. Otherwise the resemblance was convincing.
It was a strange thrill to watch a greatly gifted actor brilliantly reproducing my voice, mannerisms and questions. This is a unique theatrical event because the libretto from the musical is verbatim MP speak. The musical is known as COMMITTEE. The long title is the Public Administration and Constitutional Affairs Committee takes oral evidence on Whitehall's relationship with Kids Company. It was no ordinary Select Committee meeting. It was explosive exchange between those who ran Kids Company and a group of MPs who were aghast at the our perception of the waste and misuse of £millions of public money.
Following the show Anthony joined me in singing our old school song-Green and Gold. We were both at St Illtyd's College Cardiff. I was there is the late forties Anthony in the early sixties but we share many friends-especially from the Splott area of Cardiff. We will have another get together to catch up on many events.
I e-mailed the Donmar today.
Many thanks.
We all had a wonderful time. All my staff are very knowledgable about Kids Company. The universal view was that the show fairly presented the strengths and weaknesses on both sides in a very entertaining way. The musical was an unforgettable joy. Meeting Anthony and singing our old school song was an unexpected pleasure. We share a great deal in our pasts and friends.
Watching someone play me on a stage was not something I have ever expected. Anthony did a great job and the quotations selected were the best. As a committee I believe we did our job in exposing the weaknesses in Kids Company that had been previously disregarded. That came through. We still have unfinished business in exposing the waste and damage of the Big Society Stunt.
All members of the cast were instantly convincing and deserve great credit for a unique musical that merits a bigger audience.
A marvellous inspired idea-brilliantly executed.'
Post Script.
COMMITTEE got a great deal right-but not everything.
It's a mistake to portray a select committee as a united force hellbent of getting their Chairperson on the six oclock news. But they want to get the subjects on their report exposed on the six o'clock news. PACAC were divided between the Chair and two Committee members who were formerly on Cameron's cabinet. All three were fierce defenders of the Big Society. Kate Howey and I who wanted to nail the extravagance and waste of Cameron's stunt.
Many audience members at the Donmar thought the story was unfinished. It still is. It's a misunderstanding to believe that select committee members should be impartial. We are seeking out the truth. In this case a very persuasive pair of witnesses had to be ruthlessly challenged. It is part of our job to expose their skilled but vacuous evasions. The pair had convinced three PMs (and their wives) to part with vast amounts of public money that could have been beneficially spent elsewhere. The job of the select committee member is to be partizan on the side of truth and transparency.
Sometimes we just need to be reminded that most people like looking at big ol' butts. . . regardless if they were made by God or man.
Also On 101.1 The Wiz:
Trump administration calls for heightened regulation of clearing houses
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Start a Digital Trial for $1.00 per week.
Try all of the FT's content with a Premium Digital Trial 4 weeks for $1.00 *
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week
You will be billed $36.00 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $6.45 per week
Other Subscription options:
Image caption Adam Strain, Raychel Ferguson, Claire Roberts, Conor Mitchell and Lucy Crawford (not pictured) died after the level of sodium in their blood became abnormally low
Five medical royal colleges say they owe it to the families of children who died needlessly in hospital to minimise the risk of such a tragedy recurring.
Five children died at the Royal Belfast Hospital for Sick Children from hyponatraemia-related conditions between 1995 and 2003.
The condition can occur when the level of sodium in the blood becomes abnormally low.
An inquiry into the deaths found four were avoidable.
In a joint statement, five royal colleges - the Royal College of Paediatrics and Child Health; Anaesthetists; Pathologists; Surgeons and Surgeons of Edinburgh - said transparency within the health system was vital.
They proposed the creation of a new board to hold health trusts and civil servants to account.
Their response supports the vast majority of the 96 recommendations made by Justice O'Hara in January after the 14-year inquiry, and stresses the importance of honesty, transparency and tightening reporting.
The Department of Health has said detailed work is continuing in response to the inquiry's recommendations, promising further details would soon be made public.
Analysis: Parents may never have closure
By Marie-Louise Connolly, BBC News NI Health Correspondent
It is the longest running public inquiry in British history and one of the longest running stories I have worked on.
The Hyponatraemia Inquiry examined matters of the utmost gravity - the deaths of five children in hospitals.
What impact has the report - and its 96 recommendations - had? Very little.
The report - not to mention the five deaths - has only been mentioned only once in Parliament, when the former MP who set up the inquiry grabbed a window during a Brexit debate in the Lords.
Where is Northern Ireland's local MPs? Who cares?
While the bereaved families are keen to speak, doctors, nurses and managers named in the report are keener to stay quiet. No one I asked agreed to be interviewed.
That is unfortunate, as without honesty and transparency, there will be little change.
And without a health minister, justice minister or an executive, the report does not have a local champion.
So the 14-year inquiry is far from over.
For the parents, there may never be closure, but a more open and public debate about what happened might just start the healing process.
Duty of candour
The royal colleges are professional bodies for doctors. They support members, work to improve standards of patient care and develop policy and guidance.
Such a collective response is unusual and reflects the seriousness of the issue.
It backs the establishment of a board which would hold managers and civil servants to account for systemic failures.
It says the development of a statutory duty of candour should be "a high priority item", but that "the issue of criminal liability and its potential impact on patient safety must be carefully assessed".
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption BBC News NI Health Correspondent Marie-Louise Connolly explains the background to the hyponatraemia inquiry
The royal colleges also recognised the important role of patients and their families and said that children and parents or carers should be asked to help design services and shape care.
They further outlined the need for sufficient time for training healthcare professionals.
'Admit mistakes'
Dr Ray Nethercott from the Royal College of Paediatrics and Child Health said their greatest sympathy was with the bereaved families.
"I work with colleagues who wake up every morning wanting to do the very best for the children they treat," he told BBC News NI.
"Nobody wants these tragedies to happen. But when they do, it's only right that we admit to mistakes and look closely at what went wrong, why, and who is accountable.
"I recognise now more than ever that healthcare delivery is extremely complex, it is incumbent on us all to seek ways to make it easier to understand and to much more clearly describe who has accountability when mistakes are made."
Dr Nethercott said the group had made an open offer to the Department of Health to work with them to implement the recommendations of the inquiry report.
The Twitter account of Bayit Yehudi MK Bezalel Smotrich was temporarily suspended on Monday after he said the previous day that Ahed Tamimi, a Palestinian agitator, should have been crippled by being shot in the knee after slapping an IDF soldier.
His account was restored after 12 hours, with the offending tweet blocked, although the MK stood by his comments and said on Facebook that anyone acting toward IDF soldiers as Tamimi did should be “put in a wheelchair for the rest of their days.”
Tamimi, a member of a family that serially provokes IDF personnel in their district, northwest of Ramallah, was filmed slapping two soldiers in December and was subsequently arrested, tried and convicted of assault and incitement in a plea bargain with a military court last month.“In my opinion, she should have caught a bullet, at least in the kneecap. That would have put her under house arrest for the rest of her life,” the MK wrote.Twitter rules state that a user may not make specific threats of violence or wish for the serious physical harm, death or disease of a person or group of persons.IDF arrests Palestinian teen Ahed Tamimi (credit: IDF Spokesperson)Smotrich took to Facebook to justify his Tweet, and stood by it wholeheartedly.He said that the IDF's security model is based on deterrence, and that if deterrence is eroded, then Israel's security is weakened.The MK said that the incident in which Tamimi, then 16, slapped and shoved the soldiers was “severe and dangerous,” the consequences of which would be “murder and injury to life,” since the fact that Palestinian children are not afraid to take such actions demonstrates that the IDF's deterrence has been eroded.“If it depended on me, every incident like this would end with a sharp and painful lesson. After several [people] like this would end up in a wheelchair till the end of their days, it is reasonable that there would be fewer of them who would dare do this, and deterrence would be restored,” the lawmakers concluded, adding that Tamimi was a terrorist who was harming Israeli security.Smotrich was required to reread Twitter's rules and confirm he would abide by them before his account was reactivated.He decried “friends from the ‘enlightened and liberal' Left, who exposed their real face and who support complete freedom of expression for everyone, on condition that they think like them.”
Keidel: Has Mayweather Really Lost A Step?During a recent sit-down with Stephen A Smith, Mayweather mused over his upcoming fight, and made some unusually self-effacing assertions. Most notably, that he's lost a step and that McGregor is not only the younger man, but also larger and stronger. So, says Mayweather, this is the first time his foe as the edge, at least on paper.
Washington, DC – One year after Playboy pledged to ban nudity from its magazine, the company has decided to bring it back. The National Center on Sexual Exploitation (NCOSE) denounces this magazine as sexually exploitive and calls on retailers to remove it from their shelves. “Was Playboy's temporary removal of full nudity a scam to get better placement with retailers or does Playboy simply have no way to profit other than blatantly exploiting women?” asked Dawn Hawkins, Executive Director of the National Center on Sexual Exploitation. “With Playboy's transition out of explicit nudity last year, it garnered prime shelf space in allegedly ‘family friendly' stores like Barnes & Noble—often at the eye-level of children. However, as Playboy has long known, nobody reads it for the articles and their supposed change proved buyers of Playboy are interested in one thing: objectifying and exploiting women. Due to the pervasiveness of hardcore Internet pornography, Playboy is becoming outdated and its re-introduction of nudity is a desperate grasp at remaining relevant. Now that Playboy has returned to its blatantly sexploitive roots, the pressure is on Barnes & Noble and other retailers to swiftly remove this magazine from its shelves. The public is encouraged to contact executives here.” “Of course even when Playboy did not feature full nudity, it continued to produce material that promoted pornography and the objectification of women. Playboy paved the way for the commodification of the female body in soft-core pornographic magazines, and it laid the groundwork for the public health crisis of Internet pornography that America is experiencing today. We encourage newsstands and business owners to reject Playboy, and to send the message that women are equals to be respected, and not mere body parts to be objectified for profit.” About National Center on Sexual Exploitation (NCOSE)
Founded in 1962, National Center on Sexual Exploitation (NCOSE) is the leading national organization dedicated to opposing pornography by highlighting the links to sex trafficking, violence against women, child abuse, and addiction. NCOSE embraces a mission to defend human dignity and to advocate for the universal right of sexual justice, which is freedom from sexual exploitation, objectification, and violence.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It should be one of the most important things you have in your house but worryingly it can be revealed that firefighters in Croydon are regularly attending house fires where they find there is no working smoke alarm.
In the last two and a half years, crews at Croydon fire stations were called to properties on fire where there was no working smoke alarm over 300 times.
Figures from Freedom of Information (FOI) request have revealed how many times firefighters from Croydon, Norbury, Purley, Woodside and Addington have responded to fire calls and found households without the most basic of safety features.
From January 2016 until the end of April of this year, firefighters attended 203 properties without any smoke alarm at all.
On a further 124 occasions crews arrived to find that properties had smoke alarms – they just weren't working.
Crew manager Barry Willett, from Addington Fire Station, says fire alarms are crucial because “they provide you with the earliest possible warning that there's something wrong.”
He added that fire crews are always on hand to assist people in setting up or replacing fire alarms – for free.
Crew manager Willett said that for people who are hard of hearing, or deaf, special vibrating monitors beneath a resident's pillow or bed can also be set up to alert them to danger – also free or charge.
All of the figures requested by the Advertiser relate to time the fire crews responded specifically to calls of a fire.
The figures also show that in the same timeframe crews attended 298 fires where they found a working smoke alarm.
(Image: Grant Melton)
Crews only attended four calls, however, over the period the figures relate to, where a home contained two fire alarms.
This is not uncommon but residents are advised to have smoke alarms in more than one part of the house, so they are alerted to a blaze at the earliest opportunity.
Crew manager Willett said that often when they attend fires where there is no working smoke alarm, it could be because someone has taken the batteries out or they have run out.
He said: “Sometimes the batteries have been removed, possibly because they are causing a nuisance when they react to smoke [from cooking or from steam in a bathroom].
“People can get fed up of them.”
(Image: Matthew Cammack)
There is a number that residents can ring, he added, where someone will arrange for a fire crew to come to their home, free of charge, and replace faulty fire alarms.
The safest and most practical places to install fire alarms, he said, are in a corridor, perhaps at the bottom of stairs.
He said: “I would say not to place them next to bathrooms because the steam from baths and showers can set them off.
“And I would not place them next to a kitchen.”
Crew manager Willett did add that more recently he is coming across fewer properties without working smoke alarms.
“We are finding the message is getting across”, he said.
“We would still encourage anyone that does not have one to get one, though.”
The number to call to get a fire alarm checked, fitted or replaced is 0800 285528.
Or you can send a text to 07860 021319.
You must be a Premium Subscriber to read: Financial Times
DoJ trial to block AT&T takeover of Time Warner is tested case for US deals
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Bloomberg Businessweek's editor-in-chief steps aside Megan Murphy, the editor-in-chief of Bloomberg Businessweek who undertook a sweeping redesign last spring, is stepping away and will be replaced by Joel Weber, who has been running sister title...
Bloomberg Media opening ad agency amid slumping revenues Bloomberg Media is pivoting, trying to turn at least part of its business into an ad agency and marketing firm because its traditional media operations — which include the slumping...
Brad Pitt 'drama' the only thing keeping these mags afloat The celebrity gossip business is slow so far this summer — which means the glossy weeklies have to work extra hard to manufacture eye-catching news. Which brings us to this...
Businessweek publisher let go in Bloomberg overhaul The shakeup at Bloomberg last week was not confined only to the editorial side. Bloomberg Businessweek publisher Michelle Bosso was also let go, sources tell Media Ink, and her position...
Bloomberg exec safe as media division improves Justin Smith, once rumored to be on the hot seat at Bloomberg LP as the media division struggled, has seen his fortunes dramatically improve of late as the division, which...
Tyrangiel officially joins Vice to head up HBO show It's official. Former Bloomberg LP high-flier Josh Tyrangiel is joining the edgy Vice Media to head its upcoming daily news show on HBO. Tyrangiel, 43, will look to create a...
Is Bloomberg Media CEO Justin Smith the next to leave? The powerful triumvirate inside Bloomberg — once nicknamed “Jay cubed” — is now down to just one J: Bloomberg Media CEO Justin Smith. And there are growing whispers inside and...
Twitter spikes on bogus report of $31B takeover bid US investors were pranked again. A fake news story about Twitter receiving a $31 billion takeover bid placed on a fabricated Web page Tuesday morning sent shares of the micro-blogging...
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Skeloses claim FBI leaked grand jury info about them Former state Senate Majority Leader Dean Skelos and his son on Thursday said FBI leaks in the prosecution of a Las Vegas gambler strengthened their claim that the feds​ also...
Phil Mickelson's pal gets 5 years, fined $10M for insider trading A wealthy golf course owner accused of giving insider trading tips to Phil Mickelson was sentenced to five years prison and ordered to pay a $10 million fine. Billy Walters,...
Phil Mickelson's gambling pal convicted in insider trading scheme Famed Las Vegas sports gambler William “Billy” Walters was convicted on Friday of charges that he made more than $40 million through an insider trading scheme that prosecutors said involved...
'Serious cash': A glimpse into Phil Mickelson's gambling world A leaked Phil Mickelson voicemail provides some insight into his gambling world. The affable lefty is well known to love action on the golf course in the days leading up to...
Feds want to use Icahn's tweets in insider trading case against sports gambler Tweets by President Trump pal Carl Icahn could get dragged into the insider trad​er trial of golf course owner Billy Walters, court papers show. Manhattan federal prosecutors want to show...
Phil Mickelson's insider trading troubles may not be 'behind me' DUBLIN, Ohio — Phil Mickelson said he was disappointed to get caught up in a federal investigation that linked him to an insider trader scheme and that he needed to...
Phil Mickelson's gambling pal sacrifices weed card He's not a high flyer anymore. The professional-gambler pal of golfer Phil Mickelson, who was busted on insider trading charges last month, agreed to give up his medical marijuana card...
Preet Bharara still has game He's back. Severely hampered in his pursuit of insider trading on Wall Street by a 2014 court case, Manhattan US Attorney Preet Bharara on Thursday showed financial pros he still...
Icahn and Walters crossed investing paths before Clorox Legendary investor Carl Icahn and Las Vegas gambler Billy Walters, subjects of a federal insider-trading probe centered on 2011 activity in Clorox shares, have crossed investing paths before. Both were...
Dear Reader,
As you can imagine, more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before. Nevertheless, traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications, like ours, are being forced to look for new ways to keep going. Unlike many other news organizations, we have not put up a paywall. We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analyses from the frontlines of Israel, the Middle East and the Jewish World.
As one of our loyal readers, we ask you to be our partner.
For $5 a month you will receive access to the following:
A user uxperience almost completely free of ads
Access to our Premium Section and our monthly magazine to learn Hebrew, Ivrit
Content from the award-winning Jerusalem Repor
A brand new ePaper featuring the daily newspaper as it appears in print in Israel
Help us grow and continue telling Israel's story to the world.
Thank you,
Ronit Hasin-Hochman, CEO, Jerusalem Post Group
Yaakov Katz, Editor-in-Chief
Ex Vice President Atiku Abubakar has reportedly had a meeting with PDP leaders over the upcoming 2019 elections. The Federal Government has blamed Former President, Goodluck Jonathan on the issues facing the country. The Npower assessment has been gi...
HUBER HEIGHTS — The Huber Heights City Schools (HHCS) will be using a new centralized registration process beginning March 12, 2018 for grades K through 6. The new registration process will be held in the Administrative Offices in the Studebaker Building located at 5954 Longford Road, Huber Heights, OH 45424.
Kindergarten Registration Information
Kindergarten registration for the 2018-2019 school year will begin on March 12th, 2018. Parents and guardians can come to the Studebaker Administration Building between 8:00 am – 1:00 pm and 2:00 pm – 3:30 pm to start the registration process.
A full list of required registration materials can be found here. Parents and guardians have multiple ways to have the paperwork completed when they arrive to register their student. They can download and print the registration packet here or visit the ‘Parents' tab on our website at www.huberheightscityschools.org.
New Students Enrolling or Students
Re-Enrolling in HHCS in Grades K – 6 Information
Beginning March 12th, 2018 and continuing through the summer, new students enrolling or students re-enrolling in grades K through 6 can come to the Studebaker Administration Building between 8:00 am – 1:00 pm and 2:00 pm – 3:30 pm to begin their registration process.
A full list of required registration materials and immunizations can be found here. Parents and guardians have multiple ways to have the paperwork completed when they arrive to register their student. They can download and print the registration packet here or visit the ‘Parents' tab on our website at www.huberheightscityschools.org.
Preschool Registration Information
Parents interested in enrolling their 3 or 4 year old student into HHCS's preschool program, need to contact the preschool office at 937-237-6345 for enrollment information. During peak times for registration there may be evening hours added, check our website at www.huberheightscityschools.org or call 937-237-6300 to inquire.
http://www.hhcourier.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/35/2018/03/web1_HHCSlogo-2.jpg
New procedures begin March 12
A bicyclist was killed in a crash Monday afternoon, according to Las Vegas Metro police.
Officers responded to the incident at 1:29 p.m. at Mel Torme Way and Sammy Davis Jr Drive, near the Las Vegas Strip.
A truck hit the bicyclist, who was taken to University Medical Center with critical injuries and he later died, police said.
The driver remained at the scene. The area was shut down to traffic, police said.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
National leader of the Progressives Congress ( APC ) Bola Ahmed Tinubu has reacted to the launch of the Coalition for Nigeria championed by former President Olusegun Obasanjo. Tinubu stated that it was too early to respond to movement as every Ni...
NASA Has an Unusually Bold Plan To Find Life on Europa
If we want to find alien life in our solar system, Jupiter's icy moon Europa is one of the best places to look for it. And scientists may get a chance to do just that in the coming decades. A new NASA report outlines the goals for a mission that could land on the icy moon as soon as the 2031.
While the lander mission isn't officially on the books yet, Congress wants it to happen. The new report is preliminary, meaning the goals and instruments may be subject to change. But if all goes according to plan, the mission's primary goal would be to search for evidence of life on this frigid world.
That's a bold move. NASA's missions tend to look for "evidence of habitability," or the potential of a place to support life. That's because the last time the agency tried to look directly for alien life, it didn't end well.
Life on Mars?
The Viking landers searched for life on Mars in the 1970s, and sent back results that are still being debated to this day. One instrument found a potential sign of life, while the other two instruments failed to find organics-and without organics, life as we know it would be impossible. A 20-year hiatus in Mars exploration followed those disappointing results.
More recently, scientists learned that perchlorate compounds in the Martian soil could have broken down any organic molecules on its surface-so Viking may have actually detected organics.
While most scientists still think there's a low chance that the red planet supports life, the Viking brouhaha provides important lessons for astrobiologists.
"What Viking taught is us that you don't just jump in and look for life," says Curt Niebur, program scientist on the Europa lander mission, as well as the Europa Clipper, which will fly by the frozen moon in the 2020s. "You need a general understanding of the environment in which you're looking, because it can complicate things."
Life on Europa?
Below its shell of ice, Europa contains a vast inner ocean that's thought to be in contact with its seafloor, potentially infusing the water with the energy and nutrients needed to support life. If there's life in this deep, dark ocean, it may resemble the microbes that squirm around Earth's seafloor and in subglacial lakes. But Europa's surface is blasted by radiation, which can break down organic materials.
"There's no chance that life is active on the surface of Europa," says Niebur. "It's a very hostile environment."
Instead, the lander would scoop up ice samples from 10 centimeters below the surface, and analyze the contents in a variety of ways. An onboard microscope could look for visible evidence of dead microbes. Other instruments would look for organic materials, such as amino acids and lipids, that make up life as we know it. Meanwhile, determining how inorganic compounds are distributed could also hint at whether life is present.
"No singular measurement would provide sufficient evidence for the detection of life on Europa, the paper notes, "rather, the conclusion that evidence of life had been detected would require multiple lines of evidence, from different instruments..."
The report's authors plan on using nine different sources of data, and the lander would collect and analyze five different ice samples. With any luck, the redundancy and broadness of the experiments will provide a straightforward answer to the question of whether or not Europa's ocean harbors life.
The Meaning of Life
"Since Viking, we've better parsed the question of what it means to look for life," Niebur says, but he thinks there's still work to be done. The scientific community still can't agree on a succinct definition for life, as the report notes, and in fact finding life beyond Earth would help to refine that definition. In the meantime, this is one of the big challenges the mission faces.
Two town hall meetings in March and April will give the science community a chance to comment on and discuss the report. Niebur says that one thing he hopes will come from those meetings is an agreement on what qualifies as evidence for life.
"Looking for life is not like trying to find meteorite on Mars. A lot is left to the eye of the beholder. We need to be sure the methodology we're using is the correct one."
Life After the Search for Life
The Science Definition Team that wrote the report took pains to underline that this isn't just a mission to look for life-that it will make valuable contributions to science even if it doesn't find alien microbes.
The lander's secondary goal is to look for evidence of habitability. This research could reveal what conditions are like inside Europa's mysterious ocean, and whether it has the right stuff to support to life. That tells us about the possibility of life evolving in other icy ocean worlds, such as Enceladus and Ganymede.
The mission may also give us a better estimate of how deep Europa's ocean is, how far below the ice it's buried, and whether there are any pockets of liquid water close to the surface.
Lastly, the mission would scope out future areas of exploration, perhaps paving the way for other craft that could drill down into the ocean to look for life in all the right places.
Although the results from Viking were mixed, the lessons scientists learned from it-as well as the technological advances of the past 30 years-are putting the Europa lander on track to provide definitive answers to some of the questions that will ultimately reveal whether life on Earth is alone in the solar system.
Image Credit: NASA.
© 2017 Popular Science under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Businessman accused of obtaining money for property under false pretence
A businessman appeared in a city court yesterday after he allegedly obtained money for a house and land from a woman by false pretence.
The man, Harry Baptiste, a businessman, of Queenstown, Georgetown was granted bail in the sum
of $200,000 after he made an appearance before Chief Magistrate Ann McLennan in the Georgetown Magistrates' Courts.
The accused was not required to plead to the indictable charge which alleged that between December 5, 2016 and January 11, 2017, with intent to defraud, he obtained the sum of $2.5M from Audrey Mootoosammy, claiming that he was in the position to sell a house and land situated at Providence, East Bank Demerara, knowing same to be false.
He was instructed to return to court on February 22.
Bernard DaSilva, attorney for the accused, indicated that his client and the virtual complaint are in discussions which may see the matter not proceeding to trial.
Police Prosecutor Deniro Jones did not oppose bail for Baptiste.
In her address to the court, Mootoosammy said that she wants the matter to be resolved but Baptiste is not being cooperative.
In another case, the Chief Magistrate admitted a goldminer to $300,000 bail, after he denied a fraudulent conversion charge.
It is alleged that on February 8, at Lethem, Central Rupununi, being solely entrusted with 141 penny weight of raw gold valued $1, 666,850, to deliver same to Roxanne Rambisham, Jerold Browne, converted same to his own use and benefit.
Browne, 26, of Lot 68 North Haslington, East Coast Demerara, was ordered to appear in the Lethem Magistrate's Court on March 7.
Prosecutor Jones had no objections to the defendant being admitted to bail. He however requested for it to be granted in a substantial amount. Prosecutor Jones also disclosed that Browne has no antecedents.
Millicent Fawcett statue unveiled in London
A statue of Millicent Fawcett, the campaigner who fought for women's right to vote, has been unveiled in London's historic Parliament Square.
As Canada's stock exchanges and securities regulators grow increasingly concerned about the state of legal cannabs south of the border, a Canadian medical marijuana company has started to divest its U.S.-based cannabis investments and assets.
Officials for Aphria (TSX: APH, OTCQB: APHQF) disclosed the move in a one-sentence announcement released Thursday morning:
“Aphria Inc. confirms today that the company is currently exploring and considering strategic alternatives with respect to its U.S. cannabis-related interests, including the possible divestiture of its investments to strategic, long-term and committed investors in the cannabis industry,” officials wrote in the announcement.
Aphria officials told The Cannabist that they have no further comments at this time and will provide more information as events warrant.
On Friday, Aphria made its first move: The firm sold its minority holdings in Arizona-based Copperstate Farms LLC to industry investor Liberty Health Sciences Inc. for $20 million CAD ($16.4 million USD).
Aphria has made investments in marijuana dispensary and cultivation operations in places such as Arizona and Florida. It has also invested in ancillary cannabis companies, such as Denver-based MassRoots Inc.
The decision comes amid increasing questions around how Canadian Securities Administrators (CSA) and the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX) may view public companies with operations in the United States, where marijuana is federally illegal, Canadian securities attorneys tell The Cannabist.
“(Aphria's) decision likely has to do with what appears to be an evolving position from the CSA and likely increased pressure from the TSX,” Cassels Brock attorneys Cam Mingay and Jonathan Sherman said in an emailed statement. “At the moment, the CSA has not threatened to de-list companies with U.S. marijuana operations, and therefore it is possible to list in Canada through a reverse takeover.”
Security commissions across Canada have not issued receipts for final prospectuses, the filings for the public offerings of stock, Mingay and Sherman said. If that continues, firms with U.S. marijuana operations would be limited to raising capital by sales of securities to private investors, they added.
In October, the TSX released guidance indicating that companies with ongoing marijuana-related business activities — such as cultivation, distribution or possession — that violate U.S. federal law are acting out of compliance with the exchange's requirements.
Separately in October, the CSA — an organization of provincial securities regulators — issued guidance that outlined a disclosure-based approach for companies with U.S. marijuana operations.
“We expect issuers with marijuana-related activities in the U.S. to address the current legal and regulatory environment in their disclosures, including any risks that result from changes in the approach to enforcement of federal law,” Louis Morisset, CSA's chair and president, said at the time. The organization noted that exchanges can impose their own limits.
Three months later, when U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions rescinded the Cole Memo and related law enforcement guidance on marijuana, the CSA issued a follow-up statement:
“The CSA is considering whether our disclosure-based approach for issuers with U.S. marijuana-related activities remains appropriate in light of the rescission of the Cole Memorandum,” officials stated. “Issuers with no U.S. marijuana-related activities and that otherwise operate in compliance with applicable Canadian laws are not the focus.
“We will communicate more details about our position shortly.”
As of Friday, the CSA has not provided updated guidance.
How Equifax Just Changed the Rest of Your Life Adding freezes to your credit reports is an appropriate response to the massive Equifax database breach that exposed the private information of 143 million Americans. Don't make the mistake of thinking those freezes will keep you safe, however. Credit freezes lock down your credit reports in a way that should prevent "new account fraud," or bogus accounts being opened in your name. But there are so many other ways the bad guys can use the information they stole, which included Social Security numbers, birthdates, addresses and some driver's license numbers. Others include: --Stealing your tax refund and preventing you from filing returns by submitting fake ones --Using your information to get health care, which can result not only in medical collections on your credit reports but a stranger's health information getting mixed in with your records --Giving your identification to the police when they get arrested, creating criminal records that could land you in jail or prevent you from getting a job --Filing for bankruptcy in your name or transferring deeds of property you own You can't prevent any of these bad things from happening. The best you can do is remain as vigilant as you can and try to clear up the messes as they happen. If you feel helpless, there's a good reason for that: You are. Theft and Ruin, Done in Your Name "Equifax just signed you up for a lifetime game of Whack-A-Mole," says Leslie Beck, a certified financial planner in Rutherford, New Jersey. Beck's husband, Mark, is an investment consultant who's been the repeated victim of identity theft after his wallet was stolen in 1999. Shutting down bogus credit accounts -- freezes weren't available back then -- was just the start. One thief used Mark Beck's name to commit insurance fraud by staging phony accidents. Another was arrested for public urination, creating an outstanding warrant in Mark Beck's name that could have cost him his job. The last incident was in 2007, but the Becks say they're still on high alert. "I never feel safe anymore," Mark Beck says. The Becks' world is our world now. We need to scan every piece of mail and junk mail, looking for unfamiliar names that could indicate someone is trying to take over our accounts. We need to obsessively check our bank statements, credit card bills and credit reports for unauthorized activity. We need to hold our breath every time we apply for a job or get stopped by a cop, lest someone else's misdeeds derail our lives. We need to pay the price, in other words, because a private company couldn't be bothered to invest adequately in the security that might have protected us. Congress, Forbid the Use of Social Security Numbers There's one thing Congress can and should do to mitigate the damage. It's not making freezes free, although that would be nice. It typically costs $3 to $10 at each of the three bureaus to freeze your report, plus $2 to $10 to lift the freeze temporarily if you want new credit -- or a job, or insurance, or an apartment, or cell service, or any of the other reasons companies have to check your report. The idea that you have to pay to protect your own information, which was gathered and bartered without your consent, is outrageous. Congress also is not requiring the bureaus to offer free credit monitoring for life -- although that, too, would help, since that can alert you to bogus credit accounts and help you clear up the damage. What Congress should do is to forbid private companies and government agencies, except for Social Security, from using Social Security numbers as an all-purpose identifier. We wouldn't be so vulnerable to so many frauds if those digits were limited to their original purpose of earning and receiving retirement and disability benefits. The cost of switching away from Social Security numbers would be huge. The good news: Much of that expense would be borne by the companies that have been profiting from using our data in the first place. What You Can Do Now --Get your credit reports from the three major bureaus and look for accounts you don't recognize. Here's how to use AnnualCreditReport.com ; you can check each bureau once a year. --Sign up for a free credit report service that you can access more frequently. It will alert you to new accounts, changes in your score or new negative items. --Freeze your credit reports as soon as possible with each of the three major credit bureaus to prevent scammers from opening new accounts. If a freeze is inconvenient or unavailable, set fraud alerts on your reports. --Stay vigilant. As long as your Social Security number is the key to your identity, you'll need to be on guard. That's our life now, thanks to Equifax. © 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved. Image credit: iStock/Artist's concept. Read more on: Equifax, Data Breach, Identity Theft, Government, Hackers, Experian, Homeland Security Comment:
Name:
Hearts' only home win during their temporary residence at Murrayfield was against St Johnstone
BBC coverage
How to follow: Updates on BBC Radio Scotland (FM) & the BBC Sport website
Hearts' Harry Cochrane is injured for Saturday's visit of St Johnstone but new arrival Joaquim Adao could feature after signing on loan from Sion.
Rory Currie and Malaury Martin remain sidelined for the hosts.
Matty Willock, signed on loan from Manchester United, goes straight into the Saints squad at Tynecastle.
Wales winger George Williams will have to wait a week for his debut due to a knock, while goalkeeper Zander Clark hopes to recover from a dead leg.
Scott Tanser is available again following a knock but midfielder Paul Paton has left the Perth club while left-back Brian Easton and striker Callum Hendry remain out.
MATCH STATS
Hearts have won just one of their past nine Scottish Premiership games against St Johnstone, failing to score in six of those matches.
Saints have lost just one of their past four away matches against Hearts in the top flight (W1 D2), however that defeat did come in their last trip to Tynecastle Park back in October last year (1-0).
Only Celtic (13) have kept more clean sheets in the Premiership this season than Hearts (12).
St Johnstone have fired in the fewest shots on target (67) and scored the fewest goals in the league this season (22).
PRE-MATCH VIEWS
Hearts manager Craig Levein: "We don't have a good record against them. Recently it's been slightly better but we are very aware of how well organised Tommy (Wright) has his teams and how much effort and commitment they put into every match.
"They are going to be difficult to break down and they have players who are a threat going forward.
"If we're not at our best then we leave ourselves open to not winning this match, which is something that has happened fairly regularly against St Johnstone recently."
St Johnstone midfielder Matty Willock believes moving to Perth on loan from Manchester United is the ideal next step in his career, after a stint with FC Utrecht in the Netherlands.
"I am 21 now and I think it is time I started stepping up and showing people what I am about," he said. "That is why I have come here, to improve as a player.
"They play a different style of football in Holland, it is not as quick but very tactical and technical and I learned a lot.
"A few of the lads from United have just come up to Scotland, Sean Goss at Rangers and Demetri Mitchell at Hearts. I spoke to them and they told me the games come thick and fast, that it is a very physical game at quick tempo compared to under-23 level.
"Playing with men regularly and in an environment like this will definitely add to my game."
Connections between a shocking electoral upset, a shadowy data analytics firm, and a tech giant were the focus of dual stories in The New York Times and the Guardian-owned Observer this weekend. The joint investigation detailed how Cambridge Analytica, a firm with ties to Donald Trump's campaign, gathered personal data on 50 million Facebook users without their consent. Facebook, already reeling from revelations about fake news and Russian influence, is back in damage-control mode as the fallout continues.
The Observer's story, written by Carole Cadwalladr and Emma Graham-Harrison, calls the harvesting of user information, “one of the tech giant's biggest ever data breaches.” They write that Cambridge Analytica—funded by the powerful Mercer family and headed at the time by Steve Bannon—used the data “to build a powerful software program to predict and influence choices at the ballot box.” On Sunday, Cadwalladr wrote a companion piece explaining how she worked with Christopher Wylie, the whistle-blowing former Cambridge Analytica employee who provided her with documents demonstrating the firm's actions. “He may have played a pivotal role in the momentous political upheavals of 2016,” Cadwalladr writes. By the spring of 2017, when she started speaking with him, Wylie was “guilty, brooding, indignant, confused.”
ICYMI: Denver Post newsroom receives devastating news at staff meeting
Facebook initially sought to downplay the reporting, but on Friday announced that it was suspending Cambridge Analytica, Wylie, and researcher Aleksandr Kogan from the platform. The tech giant denied that the harvesting of user data could be described as a “breach,” writing that “people knowingly provided their information, no systems were infiltrated, and no passwords or sensitive pieces of information were stolen or hacked.” It blamed the misuse of that data on Cambridge Analytica, and promised changes to its processes.
The response from government officials in the US and Britain was swift, with Democratic Senator Amy Klobuchar leading the charge. “This is a major breach that must be investigated. It's clear these platforms can't police themselves,” she tweeted. “I've called for more transparency & accountability for online political ads. They say ‘trust us.' Mark Zuckerberg needs to testify before Senate Judiciary.” The New York Times's Matthew Rosenberg reported on trans-Atlantic reactions of politicians demanding action from the Facebook.
RELATED: Facebook can no longer be ‘I didn't do it' boy of global media
Sign up for CJR 's daily email
This weekend's reports, and Facebook's response to them, once again demonstrated big-picture issues related to the influence of social media platforms in the political process. The lack of transparency and shirking of responsibility by Mark Zuckerberg and his executives is disturbing, but the larger issue might be that we are only just learning the extent of the power these companies possess.
Below, more on the reaction to the Facebook revelations.
Wylie's response: “Suspended by @facebook. For blowing the whistle. On something they have known privately for 2 years,” he tweeted Sunday.
“Suspended by @facebook. For blowing the whistle. On something they have known privately for 2 years,” he tweeted Sunday. Word games: “ Facebook officials today playing semantic—but legally very important to regulators—word games about a data ‘breach,'” the Times's Nicholas Confessore, who worked on the story, tweeted “But who needs to steal passwords when Facebook will just give some dude access to your profile and not even check his app out that closely?”
Facebook officials today playing semantic—but legally very important to regulators—word games about a data ‘breach,'” the Times's Nicholas Confessore, who worked on the story, tweeted “But who needs to steal passwords when Facebook will just give some dude access to your profile and not even check his app out that closely?” More to come?: The UK's Channel 4 posted a teaser clip promising to take users “inside the world of Cambridge Analytica after our reporters went undercover as prospective clients.” The report is set to air Monday night in Britain.
The UK's Channel 4 posted a teaser clip promising to take users “inside the world of Cambridge Analytica after our reporters went undercover as prospective clients.” The report is set to air Monday night in Britain. A disturbing pattern: CNN's Brian Stelter notes that this is the third major issue Facebook has dealt with in relation to its role in the 2016 election.
CNN's Brian Stelter notes that this is the third major issue Facebook has dealt with in relation to its role in the 2016 election. From the archives: The Tow Center for Digital Journalism at Columbia's Emily Bell provided a prescient warning just over two years ago, writing that “something really dramatic is happening to our media landscape, the public sphere, and our journalism industry, almost without us noticing and certainly without the level of public examination and debate it deserves.”
Other notable stories
New York magazine's Olivia Nuzzi has a cover story on Hope Hicks, the famously press-shy White House communications director who announced her departure last month. It's a juicy story full of palace intrigue, and the revelation that Hicks kept detailed notebooks may be of interest to Special Counsel Robert Mueller.
The Washington Post's Margaret Sullivan focuses on the increase in civilian deaths in Iraq and Syria, a topic that hasn't received much national coverage. “Obsessed with the seemingly daily updates in the Stormy Daniels story or the impeachment potential of the Russia investigation, the American media is paying even less attention now to a topic it never focused on with much zeal,” Sullivan writes.
For CJR, Freedom of the Press Foundation Executive Director Trevor Timm praises ProPublica's transparency in correcting its story about newly nominated CIA Director Gina Haskel, but argues that “these types of unintentional mistakes would be almost entirely avoidable if journalists did not have to read between the lines of ridiculous government redactions meant to cover up crimes.”
The AT&T-Time Warner deal is headed to court this week, with the Trump Justice Department attempting to block the acquisition. Evidentiary hearings are scheduled for Monday and Tuesday, and the trial is set to begin on Wednesday. The New York Times's John Koblin has a preview of the trial, writing that “the talk in media circles revolves around what will happen if the acquisition is stopped and Time Warner—the owner of HBO, Warner Bros., CNN, TBS and TNT—is made an orphan. And what will it mean for the old-guard entertainment companies in the streaming age?”
Meredith is expected to cut 200 to 300 positions after its recent purchase of Time Inc., reports The Wall Street Journal's Jeffrey A. Trachtenberg. The layoffs are expected to focus on Time Inc. employees in New York, as Meredith attempts to trim up to $500 million in costs over the next couple of years.
ICYMI: Facing a critical moment, Vice makes an unexpected announcement
Has America ever needed a media watchdog more than now? Help us by joining CJR today
Pete Vernon is a CJR staff writer. Follow him on Twitter @ByPeteVernon.
$11.77
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Every year for nearly five decades, the FT has chosen a Person of the Year. In 2017, that person is Susan Fowler, a former software engineer at Uber who exposed a culture of sexual harassment at the transportation company.
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
England's leading Test runscorer Alastair Cook wants to carry on playing for his country, but admits the selectors are "entitled" to drop him if he does not continue to score runs.
Cook has played 154 Tests, scored 12,028 runs, made 32 centuries - all England records - while he captained the side in 59 Tests between 2010 and 2016.
READ MORE:There must be a place for Test cricket - Cook
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
Advanced FLIR M100 and M200 Thermal Cameras and Axiom Multifunction Displays Transform Boaters' View Above and Below the Waterline
WILSONVILLE, OR--(Marketwired - Feb 15, 2017) - FLIR Systems, Inc. ( NASDAQ : FLIR) announced two new compact additions to its popular M-Series marine thermal cameras for recreational boating, the FLIR M100 and M200, and introduced its latest generation of Raymarine® multifunction displays (MFDs). The M100 and M200 thermal cameras provide enhanced awareness while fishing, sailing, or cruising at night. The Raymarine Axiom™ MFDs include built-in RealVision 3D™ sonar powered by the Raymarine Lighthouse 3 operating system.
FLIR's most compact pan-and-tilt marine thermal cameras to date, the FLIR M100 and M200 are engineered with FLIR's Boson™ high-performance thermal camera core, which features an integrated multi-core video processor that delivers superior image quality and artificial intelligence features. When the M100 and M200 are combined with a Raymarine Axiom MFD, users can take advantage of FLIR's new ClearCruise™ intelligent thermal analytics that brings boaters an advanced level of awareness and safety by visually and audibly alerting the operator when "non-water" objects such as boats, obstacles, or navigation markers are identified in the scene.
The Raymarine Axiom family of MFDs feature lifelike imagery behind Raymarine's exclusive RealVision 3D for superior underwater fish and structure identification. The new rugged, all-glass touch screens are available in 7-, 9-, and 12-inch display sizes and come pre-installed with Raymarine's new LightHouse 3 operating system. Combined with Axiom's fast quad core processor, LightHouse 3 delivers an intuitive and powerful navigation experience through a redesigned interface that is easy to personalize.
"Our latest Raymarine and thermal innovations are game changers for boaters," said FLIR President and CEO Andy Teich. "With simplified operation, unique RealVision 3D sonar, and our advanced ClearCruise object identification technology, users have the ability to see more, know more, and operate more safely on the water."
The new line of M-Series thermal cameras and Raymarine Axiom MFD's will make their debut at the Miami International Boat Show in Miami, Florida, February 16-20. Prices for the Raymarine Axiom MFD Series range from $649.99 to $3,349.99 and the new FLIR M-series thermal cameras start at $2,499.99. These products will be available at the end of the first quarter of 2017 through FLIR's network of Raymarine and FLIR Maritime dealers. For more information on these products, please visit www.flir.com/marine.
About FLIR Systems
FLIR Systems, Inc. is a world leader in the design, manufacture, and marketing of sensor systems that enhance perception and awareness. FLIR's advanced systems and components are used for a wide variety of thermal imaging, situational awareness, and security applications, including airborne and ground-based surveillance, condition monitoring, navigation, recreation, research and development, manufacturing process control, search and rescue, drug interdiction, transportation safety, border and maritime patrol, environmental monitoring, and chemical, biological, radiological, nuclear, and explosives (CBRNE) threat detection. For more information, visit FLIR's web site at www.FLIR.com.
About Raymarine:
Raymarine, a world leader in marine electronics, develops and manufactures the most comprehensive range of electronic equipment for the recreational boating and light commercial marine markets. Designed for high performance and ease of use, the award-winning products are available through a global network of dealers and distributors. The Raymarine product lines include radar, autopilots, GPS, instruments, fishfinders, communications, and integrated systems. Raymarine is a division of FLIR Systems, a world leader in thermal imaging. For more information about Raymarine please go to www.raymarine.com.
Forward-Looking Statements
The statements in this release by Andy Teich and the other statements in this release about the product described above are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements are based on current expectations, estimates, and projections about FLIR's business based, in part, on assumptions made by management. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or forecasted in such forward-looking statements due to numerous factors, including the following: the ability to manufacture and deliver the systems referenced in this release, changes in pricing of FLIR's products, changing demand for FLIR's products, product mix, the impact of competitive products and pricing, constraints on supplies of critical components, excess or shortage of production capacity, the ability of FLIR to manufacture and ship products in a timely manner, FLIR's continuing compliance with U.S. export control laws and regulations, and other risks discussed from time to time in FLIR's Securities and Exchange Commission filings and reports. In addition, such statements could be affected by general industry and market conditions and growth rates, and general domestic and international economic conditions. Such forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made and FLIR does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this release, or for changes made to this document by wire services or Internet service providers.
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
KANSAS CITY, Mo. — The deadline to vote for a local man who was chosen as a finalist for CNN's 2017 Top 10 Heroes is approaching quickly.
Tuesday is the final day to vote for Stan Hays, a Grand Champion pitmaster, who uses his barbecuing skills to feed people in need.
Since 2011, his nonprofit, Operation BBQ Relief, has prepared almost 1.7 million meals for disaster survivors and first responders — including during recent hurricanes in Texas and Florida.
“Seeing the people working and knowing the impact the meals are making — it can't help but bring a smile to your face, maybe a tear to your eye,” Hays said.
Stan along with each of the other nine heroes will receive a $10,000 cash prize. One of the 10 will be named “CNN Hero of the Year” and receive an additional $100,000 for his or her cause.
Click here to vote for Stan. You can vote using your email login, Facebook login, or Messenger up to ten times per day, per method for a total of 30 votes per day. Voting closes Tuesday night.
The winner will be announced Sunday, Dec. 17 at 7 p.m.
INDIANAPOLIS (AP) — An Indiana measure that would allow some epileptic people to be treated with oil derived from cannabis plants has cleared the state Senate.
Indiana is among the last states to forbid even the issue of marijuana extracts that are low in THC and high in cannabidiol, or CBD, the compound that studies suggest may help reduce epileptic seizures.
The measure creates a registry for some physicians, nurses, individuals and caregivers to treat intractable epilepsy with cannabidiol and permits pharmacies to dispense it. The Senate has sent it to the House for consideration.
An amendment to the bill replaced references to “hemp oil” with cannabidiol. The measure defines cannabidiol as a plant extract or mixture containing less than 0.3 percent THC, at least 5 percent CBD and no other controlled substance.
The Highland County Democratic Women will hold their annual Basket Bazaar, with a carry-in dinner and auction, on Tuesday, May 1 beginning at 6:30 p.m. at the Highland County Administration Building.
The guest speaker will be Ohio Treasurer candidate Rob Richardson.
Also attending will be John D. Knauff, candidate for Highland County commissioner, and possibly Jill Schiller and Janet Everhard, candidates running for Congress, 2nd Congressional District; Justin Grimes, candidate for state representative 91st District; Scott Dailey, candidate for state Senate, District 17.
Meat, drinks and table service will be provided. An auction will be held with John Knauff as auctioneer.
The public is cordially invited.
Submitted by Jolene Walker.
Lunastra has returned in Monster Hunter World. The female counterpart of Teostra first introduced in Monster Hunter 2 was added with the 4.0 update to the game and is quite a fearsome monster to contend with, especially when paired with her boyfriend.
Here's how to beat Lunastra in Monster Hunter World.
How to Find Lunastra
To fight Lunastra, you need to talk to the Huntsman at the lower right corner of Astera. Then you have to complete a quest called “The Blazing Sun” where you fight Teostra in the Wildspire Waste. After you complete the quest, you then get a quest called “Pandora's Arena” where you are tasked with repelling Lunastra from the special arena which is done by simply dealing enough damage to it before the time expires. Then you get the final quest of “No Remorse, No Surrender” where you have to face off against both Teostra and Lunastra.
Best Build
Like her male counterpart, Lunastra is weak to water and ice element weapons while strong against fire. She is also moderately susceptible to poison and stun. You also need high fire resistance to survive and resistance to Blastblight.
Head: Dragonking Eyepatch α, Rath Soul Helm β, Dante's Hair α
Chest: Rathalos Mail β, Dante's Coat α
Arms: Rathalos Vambraces β
Belt: Nergigante Coil β or Dante's Belt α
Legs: Rathalos Greaves α or Rath Soul β
Weakness Exploit is one of the best skills in the game as getting it to level three increases affinity of attacks that hit weak spots by 50 percent. So any combination of the Dragonking Eyepatch, Rath Soul Helm, Rathalos Mail, or Rathalos Greaves that make it go up to level three is essential. We like using the Rathalos Mail with Dante's Hair as it grants level three Weakness Exploit but adds Critical Eye which raises affinity even more. The Rathalos Vambraces add much needed fire resistance. The Nergigante Coil increases attack power while Dante's Belt extends the invincibility window of dodges and grants the Latent Power skill which boosts affinity by 10 percent and reduces stamina depletion by 10 percent if you either take 180 damage or fight for more than 5 minutes. The Rath Soul Greaves contributes to the Focus skill which is useful for increasing the charge rate or weapon gauge rate of certain weapons. Wearing at least two Rathalos or Rath Soul armor pieces earns the Critical Element skill which increases the elemental damage of critical hits and having at least four pieces prevents your melee attacks from being deflected and reduces the distance needed before ammo and arrows reach full power.
For decorations and charms, anything that grants extra attack, anti-blast, elemental power, and Critical Eye would be much appreciated. Having a level three Blast Resistance skill will make you immune to Blastblight. You can use any weapon with a water or ice attribute.
How to Beat Lunastra
Much like Black Diablos or the Pink Rathian, Lunastra is essentially a palette-swapped and stronger version of her counterpart. That means that many of the same tips that apply to Teostra can apply to Lunastra.
However, her attacks are wildly different to Teostra's. Her fire breath attacks appear to cover a wider area. Instead of spreading black powder everywhere that can ignite with flame breath like Teostra does, Lunastra spreads blue fire spots around the arena. She does so with much more frequency and coverage than Teostra's powder, with even her tail swipe spreading the spots. She can light it with her breath attacks just like Teostra's powder, but instead of exploding it will scorch the earth for a while before disappearing while doing much more damage to the player if he/she is caught in it.
Lunastra heats the air around her and does damage similar to to lave areas of the Elder's Recess. That means you need to take a Cool Drink before fighting her. The blue flame spots also do heat damage, but they can still damage you even if you drank a Cool Drink. This heat damage depletes the health bar but leaves it red instead of completely gone, which means it can be healed with Astera Jerky to restore it and boost recovery rates according to the Fextralife wiki.
Her supernova attack is also different from Teostra. Teostra's attack is clearly telegraphed as he rises in the air and starts charging power for a few seconds before exploding in a huge and damaging radius around him. Lunastra's supernove is less telegraphed and potentially more dangerous. From the ground she sends out two heat waves; the first wave leaves flame spots around and deals heat damage while knocking the player back and the second one blows up all the flames on the floor, as explained by The Hawkeye Guy on the Monster Hunter World subreddit.
When fighting in the special arena, you can move up to the top floor to evade the waves entirely. If fighting in the Elder's Recess, try to evade the waves as best you can and heal up.
But Lunastra is truly devastating when teaming up with Teostra. They appear to coordinate their moves with one another and even combine their supernova attacks to blast three times with larger range and damage, according to the wiki. However this blast is clearly telegraphed as they fly around each other, giving you ample time to run away or fire a flash pod at them. You'll also have to contend with both the black powder of Teostra and the blue flames of Lunastra. So just keep being spatially aware and move away from the powder, blue flames, and supernovas when you can.
As they are agile monsters, your best bet for attacking them is to keep close to the chest and face, according to the wiki. However, keep somewhat to the sides to avoid their charge and breath attacks. The face is one of their weak spots along with their wings and tail, so be sure to focus your attacks over there. The tail is severable so be sure to attack there if you have a slicing weapon.
Lunastra will also get into Turf Wars with Nergigante and Kushala Daora, according to the wiki. The Turf War with Nergigante will deal 2,000 damage to Lunastra while the Turf War with Kushala Daora will deal about 3,000 damage to both Kushala Daora and Lunastra.
Once you learn when and where to dodge their attacks and stay out of the way until you are certain you can attack back, you'll take Lunastra down in no time. Be sure to take advantage of environmental traps like the falling rocks in the Elder's Recess.
Have any more tips for beating Lunastra? Let us know in the comment section below.
What Rewards Do You Get for Lunastra?
After you beat No Remorse, No Surrender, you'll get the Temporal Mantle specialized tool, which makes you automatically evade monster attacks as long as it's active.
The parts you get from Lunastra will let you craft the Lunastra armor sets. The alpha set grants you level four Wide-Range, level three Attack Boost, level three Health Boost, level three Blast Attack, level three Tool Specialist, level two Peak Performance, and level two Evade Extenders. Meanwhile the beta set grants you level two Wide-Range, level three Attack Boost, level two Health Boost, level two Tool Specialist, level two Peak Performance, and level two Evade Extenders while granting no Blast Attack. Both sets are very generous with their decoration slots but the beta set as always is especially so.
We especially like the Empress Mail β thanks to its three level one decoration slots and level two Peak Performance skill which grants +10 attack if at full health.
However the weapons are the most interesting reward. Each of the 14 weapon types have a Lunastra weapon and they can be upgraded into one of three different forms depending on the monster parts used.
The Lunastra path has lower attack yet higher affinity and grants the Guts skill which allows you to withstand an attack that would normally cart you (make you faint) if you're above a certain HP threshold meaning that you can potentially live after taking a supernova if you have high HP. The Nergigante path has high attack and no affinity and grants you the Hasten Recovery skill which regenerates your health as you attack. Finally the Xeno'jiiva path has balanced attack and affinity and grants you the Razor Sharp/Spare Shot skill which halves sharpness loss for weapons and makes bow and bowgun shots have a chance to not consume coatings or ammo.
So essentially you can get the set bonuses of the Nergigante or Xeno'jiiva armor without equipping any of their armor just by equipping the weapon.
See also:
Watch, Text, and Win Tickets To 'Love Never Dies'Try to win a pair of tickets to Love Never Dies by answering the question seen in our contest commercial. Just text the correct answer and you're entered.
Sign-Up Now For Our 2017 Knockout PoolPut your football expertise to the test for your chance at $5,000.
Have What It Takes To Win? Sign-Up NowPick a winner for every game each week for your chance at $5000.
Get The CBSMiami Weather AppGet the new CBSMiami Weather app and stay up to date on severe weather in South Florida.
Alternate Means Of Entry For CBS Miami Texting ContestsNo mobile phone or texting plan? No problem! You can enter online for any contest on CBS Miami by entering here as an alternate means of entry.
WQAM (AM) Contest and Promotion RulesUnless otherwise specified by Radio Station WQAM (AM) (the “Station”), these rules cover routine contests and promotions conducted by the Station. These rules may be amended by separate specific rules for major contests or promotions conducted by the Station or its sponsors.
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
With the most romantic day of the year, Valentine's Day, just days away, 42 per cent of the nation will buy flowers to show loved ones we care. 16 per cent will treat their wife, 11 per cent their girlfriend and eight per cent their mum.
However, men aren't left out – five per cent of husbands and four percent of boyfriends will receive a bouquet of blooms. Five per cent will buy them for a friend.
But many flowers have unexpected symbolisms.
Lucy Matthewson, Horticulture Buyer at Waitrose Florist said: “Developed by the Victorians, ‘floriography' was commonly used to convey secret messages that etiquette of the day deemed unacceptable to share openly.
“Over time, opinion and understanding of flower symbolisms has changed and developed, but it's incredibly interesting to look back at some of the messages our ancestors were trying to give through their bouquets.”
To mark Valentine's Day, Waitrose Florist asked 2,000 Brits whether they can identify the meaning of blooms, to help the nation understand the original symbolisms of some of our favourites. Here's what they found:
Red roses
Perhaps predictably, as the go-to romantic flower of choice, 70 per cent of people rightly identified the original symbolism of red roses as being ‘love'. However, one in ten (10 per cent) still had no idea what this colour of bloom represented. And many people are unaware that different colours of roses have alternative meanings – pink blooms symbolise ‘grace', orange mean ‘fascination', burgundy signify ‘unconscious beauty'.
Tulips
Tulips originated in the Middle East, before being brought to Europe in the sixteenth century. However, 39 per cent of Brits don't know what tulips symbolise and a further 20 per cent think they symbolise nothing. Only five per cent of romantics identified their true meaning – ‘a declaration of love'.
Freesias
Freesias are named after German botanist and doctor Friedrich Freese and were brought to Europe from their native home of southern Africa, in the eighteenth century. 34 per cent of respondents doesn't know what freesias symbolise and a further 19 percent think they have no meaning. However, nearly one in 10 (nine per cent) rightly chose the meaning of ‘lasting friendship'.
Orchids
Orchids were well known in the Victorian era, when almost 2,000 species were in existence – coming to Europe from Central America, Africa, India and the Far East. 31 per cent of people are unaware of what orchids symbolise, but 14 per cent rightly guessed ‘refined beauty' as their meaning – perfect as an alternative to red roses as a Valentine's choice.
Lilies
The white Madonna lily is one of the oldest in cultivation and was thought to have been dispersed throughout Europe by Roman soldiers. 39 per cent of people think lilies mean ‘sympathy', when in fact, their original meaning is ‘majesty', which is best described as ‘impressive beauty'. Only five per cent correctly identified this and a further 17 per cent had no idea of the symbolic meaning of the bloom.
Pink carnations
Carnations originated as a plant from southern Europe and the Victorians were particular fans. Pink carnations could be a choice for a lost love, or the one that got away – their true meaning is ‘I will never forget you', which only eight per cent of the nation rightly identified.
Irises
Irises have been in Britain since the sixteenth century. They have an unusual meaning – ‘message' which only 4 per cent of people rightly guessed. In Victorian times, this translated to ‘My compliments. I have a message for you.' 38 per cent of people couldn't identify what they symbolised and 17 per cent thought they had no meaning.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
A group admitted to drinking before a rollover crash in the northwest part of the Valley claimed the life of a teenage girl, according to an arrest report.
According to the arrest report for the suspected DUI driver, 19-year-old Nina Gateley, paramedics, who responded to the crash on May 11 on Sky Pointe Drive north of Kyle Canyon Road, told police they could smell alcohol on Gateley. Paramedics transported Gateley to the hospital for treatment.
[RELATED: Teen killed, driver charged after suspected DUI crash in northwest Las Vegas]
Las Vegas Metro police said five people were inside of the vehicle when it was traveling south on Sky Pointe Drive, left the roadway and rolled over. One of the passengers, identified as Makenzzi Lea Nix, 16, was ejected. She was pronounced dead at Mountain View Hospital.
Officers at the scene of the crash said they discovered several bottles of alcohol in backpacks at the scene, according to the arrest report. Three passengers at the scene told police they were drinking in the desert before the crash and confirmed Gateley was the driver.
Gateley and all four passengers were under the legal age to consume alcohol, the report stated.
Gateley was booked for driving under the influence involving death, police said. Her next court hearing is scheduled for May 18.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
BUFFALO, Minn. (WCCO) — With our warm February come ice warnings across the state.
Sheriff's departments in Sherburne and Wright counties are just a few law enforcement agencies asking drivers to stay off lakes. In Cass County, the sheriff announced that only all-terrain vehicles and snowmobiles will be allowed on Leech Lake for next week's Eelpout festival in Walker.
The ice may be still thick in some spots, but just a few feet over it can be thin and dangerous. On Lake Pulaski in Buffalo, some ice fishermen learned that the hard way.
“They had it fully loaded, fully geared to do some intense ice fishing,” said Phil Kerber.
That was Friday night. But the would-be anglers who drove onto Lake Pulaski never got a chance to fish. Their SUV and all their gear spent the weekend on the bottom of the lake. Luckily, they got out safely.
“They hit the ice ridge where it's weak,” said Kerber.
Kerber, an ice diver who has seen this scenario too many times before, said a vehicle recovery takes time and money.
It took about an hour to pull the SUV out. Kerber said it can cost anywhere between $3,000 and $6,000 to pull a vehicle out of a lake if insurance doesn't cover it.
“As it went through it started to tip down and it ended upside down. The front of the vehicle is the heaviest. We had to upright it underwater and winch if up on the flatbed to get it out of the water,” said Kerber.
Cases like this one are why sheriff's departments are getting proactive. A February warmup gives them no choice but to call off popular ice fishing events.
Craig Johnson is the organizer for the Little Hole on Big Lake fishing tournament. An event that has drawn a thousand anglers to the city of Big Lake in the past. For only the second time in 14 years, it's being postponed….until next year.
“Disappointed but not surprised. We've had a lot of warm weather in February. It's Mother Nature. You can't win,” said Johnson.
Johnson said that tournament will go on in another way. Some events taking place on the shoreline this weekend that includes free food, prizes and a raffle.
A message from law enforcement and the DNR, is that really no ice is completely safe ice.
Stephen Hawking pushed off of this mortal coil last week, but the world-famous physicist was pondering some of humanity's most puzzling questions right up until the end. Hawking spent decades of his life theorizing about the existence of parallel universes, crunching numbers and thinking in abstract ways in an attempt to make it all work.
His most recent work was an update to his paper titled “A Smooth Exit from Eternal Inflation” in which he attempts to explain how the existence of parallel universes would mesh with our current understanding of physics. The idea that an infinite number of universes were born alongside our own isn't particularly new, but actually proving that hypothesis to be fact is a monumental challenge that Hawking puzzled over in the paper updated just ten days before his death.
In his paper, Hawking ventured some very educated guesses as to the conditions under which the existence of a parallel universe could be detected. The biggest hurdle to testing his theory is one of technology, as the scientist suggests that deep space probes would need to search for and detect the faint whispers of background radiation left over from the creation of these parallel realities.
Past research has suggested that evidence of parallel universes might be hiding just out of reach. Last year, an investigation of a “cold spot” in space led to the incredible theory that the spot may be the resulting bruise of a time when another universe collided with our own. Actually proving this is the case is well out of humanity's scientific grasp, but Hawking's work could one day lead to indisputable proof that we are living in one of an infinite number of universes much like ours.
As The Times notes, the discovery of a parallel universe (if it ever does happen) will undoubtedly be worthy of top scientific honors, meaning a Nobel Prize. Unfortunately for the late Hawking, the prize has never been awarded posthumously and therefore he would be ineligible for the honor despite his wealth of work in the field.
You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters
Message: * A friend wanted you to see this item from WRAL.com: http://wr.al/18oyi
— Hundreds of people gathered Monday to honor the life and sacrifice of a Moore County soldier who was killed in Afghanistan earlier this month.
Army Spc. Christopher Harris died along with Jonathan Hunter in a suicide bombing in the country. Harris, of Jackson Springs, was a paratrooper with the 82nd Airborne Division.
Harris' wife shared that the couple was trying to get pregnant before he was deployed, and she recently learned she is in the early stage of pregnancy.
After a visitation, a procession traveled to the cemetery on Murchison Road in Spring Lake where a graveside service with full military honors was held.
On social media, supporters were asked to line the mile-long entrance of the cemetery with American flags.
LOS ANGELES (CBS Local) – Live Nation is kicking off the summer season by offering music lovers a big discount on tickets to thousands of live events.
The events promoter is celebrating the start of National Concert Week with $20 “all-in” tickets to over 2,000 of the company's tour of summer concerts. The deal starts on April 30 and runs through May 8 on Live Nation's website.
SAVE THE DATE: National Concert Week is almost here! To celebrate summer concert season, Live Nation is offering $20 all-in tickets to +1,500 shows from April 30 – May 8! https://t.co/oTfUUapt4J pic.twitter.com/jxMs8QzDYc — Live Nation (@LiveNation) April 23, 2018
According to a press release, the National Concert Week promotion will offer over 1.5 million tickets to live performances for “Comedy, Country, Hip-Hop, Latin, Metal, Rock, Pop and more.”
“National Concert Week is a time for artists and fans to celebrate their love of live music,” the company added.
During the special ticket offer, fans can cash in on live performances featuring dozens of stars including Alan Jackson, Bon Jovi, Kevin Hart, Keith Urban, Shakira, and many more. A full list of the shows fans can buy tickets for is available at livenation.com.
TEMPE, Ariz. — No one is harder on David Johnson than David Johnson .
And the Arizona Cardinals' standout young running back, who made the All-Pro first team in the new “flex” position last season, says he's healthy and happy that the first day of the team's organized conditioning began Monday.
“I couldn't wait for this day to come,” he said, “especially with the injury. I want to come back and show that I'm 100 percent and train with these guys.”
Johnson went down with a left knee injury early in the team's season finale against the Rams in Los Angeles. It looked very bad. So Johnson — and the Cardinals organization and fans — were greatly relieved he didn't need surgery, just rehabilitation. Now, he says he's completely healthy.
“I'm doing everything, doing the running, doing the squatting,” he said. “I've been doing that since I was cleared a couple of weeks ago.”
Johnson said he blames himself for contributing to the team's disappointing 7-8-1 record because of “things I messed up on.”
There certainly are plenty of things he did right, finishing with an NFL leading 2,118 yards from scrimmage — 1,239 yards rushing and 879 yards receiving.
In just his second NFL season, Johnson set a league record with at least 100 yards from scrimmage in the first 15 games. Only the injury ended that streak.
Still, he dwells on his mistakes.
“Basically, I can get better in all aspects,” he said, “but mainly I want to get better at the pass protection. I definitely missed a lot of blocks and missed a lot of linebackers and hurt Carson (Palmer), got him sacked or rush the throw.”
Nobody will have to force Johnson into the weight room, where the Cardinals were Monday.
“I love working out,” he said. “I love training. Lifting coaches always give me a hard time, telling me that I actually need to stop training some days and rest, and it's tough for me.”
Johnson has been lifting weights a long time.
“I was super young,” he said. “I started in middle school, seventh grade. It's always been part of me ever since then, just because I'm so good in the weight room. I'm actually stronger than most people.”
Johnson became a father for the first time during the offseason when his wife Meghan gave birth to David Johnson Jr. on Jan. 13. It's evident how proud he is by the many photos of his son that he shows on Twitter.
Meghan is one of Johnson's critics, too.
“She's the one telling me I had a fumble or missed some catches,” Johnson said. “She started learning football, so now she's able to talk to me about plays that I messed up and we talk about it all the time.”
He said his wife is his biggest supporter “but she knows me. I'm always trying to see what I messed up on and she'll let me know.”
Johnson, who wasn't drafted until the third round out of Northern Iowa in 2015, knows he will be the No. 1 pick in a lot of fantasy football leagues this coming season. He rushed for 16 touchdowns last season, second only to LeGarrette Blount's 18, and caught four TD passes.
Johnson has 33 touchdowns in his first 32 NFL games.
“I think I've been getting fantasy football talk the whole time ever since my rookie year,” he said. “That's probably the first people talk to me about is fantasy football, and that's probably the last thing people talk to me about is fantasy football, how they're going to take me No. 1 or how I can help out their team.”
Fantasy players take note: Coach Bruce Arians said at the NFL owners meetings last month he'd like to get Johnson 30 touches a game and that he's “too young to overuse.”
The 25-year-old running back has said he he's ready to take on that load.
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
Win A Trip To Las Vegas During The FightEnter now for your chance to be a part of the fanfare in Las Vegas!
Corona Light Find Your BeachCorona Light wants to help you FIND YOUR BEACH!
Get The CBSMiami Weather AppGet the new CBSMiami Weather app and stay up to date on severe weather in South Florida.
Alternate Means Of Entry For CBS Miami Texting ContestsNo mobile phone or texting plan? No problem! You can enter online for any contest on CBS Miami by entering here as an alternate means of entry.
WQAM (AM) Contest and Promotion RulesUnless otherwise specified by Radio Station WQAM (AM) (the “Station”), these rules cover routine contests and promotions conducted by the Station. These rules may be amended by separate specific rules for major contests or promotions conducted by the Station or its sponsors.
Get CBSLocal iPad App For FreeCBSLocal is CBSMiami's new iPad app: Updated 24/7 with news, sports, weather, traffic & more.
Hermann Knogler's high-quality spirits and liquors are all hand-crafted. The main focus of his limited ”Zirbn” edition is reduction. The liquor is bottled in a container made off Swiss stone pine wood, the feel, the scent and the taste are all imbued by Swiss stone pine. The label is pure and simple.
SoftBank to acquire Fortress Investment Group for $3.3bn
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Randy Holmes/ABC via Getty Images(LOS ANGELES) — While it's still not officially confirmed, it's looking more likely that a Martin reboot is in its early stages.
On Thursday, TMZ caught up with three of the original cast members of the '90s sitcom: Martin Lawrence, who played the titular character Martin Payne; Tisha Campbell-Martin, who played his girlfriend Gina; and Tichina Arnold, who played Gina's best friend, Pam.
When asked if a Martin reboot was really happening, Lawrence coyly said, “Never say never.”
Although Campbell-Martin emphasized that she was staying tight-lipped about the status of the reboot, Arnold offered a more evolved response when asked if she'd like to see the reboot happen.
“We're blessed, because the '90s were a great time,” Arnold explained. “And we would love to recreate it and just bring it back alive and give credence to it.”
As previously reported, Campbell-Martin subtly confirmed the reboot rumors earlier this week in her interview with Hip Hollywood, when she seemed close-mouthed about the subject, but noted she was “really excited.”
Martin premiered in 1992 and lasted for five seasons on FOX. The series starred Campbell-Martin as Gina, Arnold as Pam, Carl Anthony Payne II as Cole, the late Thomas Mikal Ford as Tommy, and Lawrence as the title character, Martin Payne.
Copyright © 2018, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
RICHMOND, Va. — A Virginia family returned home to find their floors and walls splattered in blood after their German Shepherd apparently attacked an intruder, according to WRIC.
Tristan Murrin said he knew something was wrong when the dog greeted him at the front door.
“We noticed something when we walked in, when I walked in with my mother and there is blood spots on the ground, we looked upstairs and you see trails of blood coming from upstairs going all the way down,” Murrin told WRIC.
Murrin said Oden is not typically aggressive. However, he said he's thankful the dog stood his ground.
“I think the dog did its job. He knew that someone was not supposed to be in my house and no one was home and he knows that he wasn't supposed to be in there and he was doing something that he wasn't supposed to be doing and so he knew to act upon it,” Murrin told WRIC.
Murrin shared photos and videos on Facebook that show the aftermath of the attempted break-in. His Facebook post has been shared over 100,000 times. He wrote:
“Last night we had a break in, luckily no one was home. My best friend Oden who is a German shepherd, protected my home and belongings when I wasn't there, I couldn't be more proud of him. Such an amazing breed that's why everyone who doesn't have an actual dog should consider on adopting or buying a dog.”
Police said no arrests have been made. The investigation is ongoing.
FORT BRAGG, N.C. (WDTN) – The Department of Defense released the names of the soldiers attacked in Niger on October 4.
One of those soldiers is from Springboro.
DOD said Friday three U.S. Soldiers were killed while conducting operations in the country of Niger in West Africa, Oct. 4, 2017.
Staff Sgt. Bryan Black, 35, Staff Sgt. Jeremiah Johnson, 39, and Staff Sgt. Dustin Wright, 29, died from wounds sustained during enemy contact. All three Soldiers were assigned to 3rd Special Forces Group (Airborne) on Fort Bragg.
The incident is currently under investigation.
In a written release, the Department of Defense said Johnson, a native of Springboro, Ohio, enlisted in the Army in October 2007. His awards and decorations include the Army Commendation Medal (2nd Award), Army Achievement Medal (5th Award), Army Good Conduct Medal (3rd Award), National Defense Service Medal, Global War on Terrorism Service Medal, Armed Forces Service Ribbon, Noncommissioned Officer Professional Development Ribbon, Army Service Ribbon, Parachutist Badge, Air Assault Badge, Driver and Mechanic Badge, and Marksmanship Qualification Badge – Expert with Pistol and Rifle. Staff Sgt. Johnson served as a Chemical, Biological, Radiological and Nuclear Specialist (74D).
Four Nigerian soldiers were also killed and others were wounded in an attack by Islamic extremists.
Ave Maria Meditations
Being in this joyous Easter season and as we approach the Centennial of Our Lady's apparitions at Fatima, this is a beautiful and timely prayer of consecration!
Act of Consecration to the Most Sacred Heart of Jesus and Immaculate Heart of Mary
Most Sacred Heart of Jesus and Immaculate Heart of Mary, I consecrate myself and my whole family to You. I consecrate to You: my very being and my whole life…All that I am…All that I have…and all that I love. To You I give my body, my heart, and my soul. To You I dedicate my home and my country.
Mindful of this consecration, I now promise You to live a Christian way of life by the practice of virtues.
O Most Sacred Heart of Jesus and Immaculate Heart of Mary, accept this act of consecration, which I make out of pure love for You.
Most Sacred Heart of Jesus, have mercy on me! Immaculate Heart of Mary, be my salvation! Jesus, meek and humble of heart, make my heart like unto Your merciful heart! Amen.
ELK COUNTY — Law enforcement authorities are investigating a suspect after an alleged knife attack and chase.
On Saturday, deputies along with Elk County EMS and Fire and rescue responded to a 911 call of a woman with a head injury that was losing a lot of blood, according to a media release. A medical helicopter was launched.
When deputies arrived on scene they found that the victim had been taken to the hospital by personal vehicle.
Through the investigation law enforcement found that the victim's injury was a result of a stabbing. At the same time, a suspect was found driving a stolen vehicle in a neighboring County.
The suspect fled from an attempted a traffic stop and led law enforcement through four counties before he was taken into custody. Kansas Bureau of Investigation was called to assist the Elk County Sheriff's Office with the investigation. Suspect was first appeared in court on August 14th 2017 on aggravated assault with a deadly weapon.
Authorities did not release the name of the suspect.
The Kardashian Kids - All Their Ages, Names And Who They Belong To
From Kourtney Kardashian's children to Kim's kids with Kanye West - if you're confused now that there is an army of mini-Kardashians, we've got you covered.
The Kardashians, including Kim, Kourtney and Khloe are slowly repopulating the Earth, so it's no surprise if you feel a little bit sorry for Kris Jenner around Christmas time with all these kids to buy for (though, let's be honest, she can afford it).
These Are The Hidden Meanings Behind ALL The Kardashian/Jenner Kids' Names
If you're confused about which Kardashian kid is which and how they're all related, we've got your ultimate guide to all of the famous offspring below.
North West
Kim Kardashian and Kanye West's first baby, North West, was born on 15th June 2013 and she is the eldest of their three children. She is sister to Saint and Chicago West and is cousins with the rest of the next generation of the Kardashians.
She got the unusual moniker of North through the most unusual of ways. Kim previously explained, “It was a rumor in the press and we'd never really considered it seriously, at all. But Kanye and I were having lunch and Pharrell [Williams] came over to us and said, ‘Oh my God, are you guys really going to call your daughter, North? That is the best name'.
“Then a little while later Anna Wintour came over and asked the same thing. She told us: ‘North is a genius name.' Kanye and I looked at one another and just laughed. I guess at that point it sort of stuck.”
My bestie A post shared by Kim Kardashian West (@kimkardashian) onMay 25, 2018 at 10:27am PDT
Saint West
Kim Kardashian and Kanye West's (so far) only son was born on 5th December 2015 and is the couple's middle child.
Chicago West
Kim and Kanye's youngest daughter, Chicago, was born on 15th January 2018 and is the only one of their children that was carried by a surrogate rather than Kim, after she suffered with placenta accreta during her previous two pregnancies and was advised by doctors not to try and carry another child herself.
It's thought that the couple named her Chi because dad Kanye grew up in Chicago and often references the city in his songs.
My baby Chi A post shared by Kim Kardashian West (@kimkardashian) onMay 29, 2018 at 7:24am PDT
Mason Dash Disick
Mason is the oldest of all of the next generation Kardashian kids, born to Kourtney Kardashian and Scott Dislck on 14th December 2009. He has two younger siblings, Penelope and Reign, and is cousins with all the other Kardashian offspring.
Kourtney previously revealed the reason she picked the name, explaining, “Right before he was born, I told my aunt we were thinking about going with that for a name. She told me that Mason means the same thing in English that Kardashian means in Armenian — stone worker.
"Another aunt told me my great uncle used to use the name Mason when he made dinner reservations, because Kardashian was too long.”
She also refuted that his middle name 'Dash' was named after the sisters' clothing store (which has since been liquidated), explaining, "That would be stupid. Dash is short for Kardashian, and it was my father's nickname.”
make me go insane A post shared by Kourtney Kardashian (@kourtneykardash) onMay 6, 2017 at 8:52pm PDT
Penelope Scotland Disick
Penelope is the second oldest of all of the Kardashian kids, being born a year before her cousin North West on 8th July 2012, and her unusual middle name is a tribute to Kourtney's Scottish ancestry.
Reign Aston Disick
Kourtney and Scott's youngest son, Reign, was born on 14th December 2014 - and no, that's not a typo, he WAS born on exactly the same day as his big brother Mason, just five years apart!
eternal love A post shared by Kourtney Kardashian (@kourtneykardash) onJul 12, 2017 at 2:32pm PDT
Dream Renée Kardashian
Dream Kardashian is the only kid with the Kardashian surname, being born to Rob Kardashian and Blac Chyna on 10th November 2016. The couple ended up splitting shortly after.
Happy Sunday A post shared by Blac Chyna (@blacchyna) onFeb 18, 2018 at 3:25pm PST
Stormi Webster
Kylie Jenner's pregnancy with Travis Scott's daughter was one of the family's best-kept secrets, with the announcement only being made after baby Storms was born on 1st February 2018, and both mum and dad have posted lots of super cute pics of the baby on social media since.
True Thompson
True Thompson is Khloe Kardashian and Travis Scott's baby girl, who was born on 12th April 2018, making her the youngest Kardashian offspring of the moment. The name 'True' was suggested by her great-grandmother, MJ, who put it into the mix because it was Khloe's grandfather's name as well as her dad, Robert Kardashian's middle name.
Happy One Month True A post shared by Khloé (@khloekardashian) onMay 12, 2018 at 5:37am PDT
Download Our Brand New App For All The Latest Kardashian Drama
BLOOMINGTON, Minn. — One of them might win Super Bowl LII with one swing of his leg Sunday night.
Or he might lose it.
One has carved out one of the great NFL careers of rare sustained excellence as a kicker, with an 87.6-percent success rate on 388 career field-goal attempts and 99-percent on 599 extra points. The other is a neophyte, at the early stage of his NFL journey.
Both kickers played their college ball at the University of Memphis, 11 years apart. Eagles rookie kicker Jake Elliott, 23, broke the Memphis records of Patriots 12-year veteran Stephen Gostkowski, 34.
Other than their ages, the most glaring difference between the two is the path each took to get to this moment.
Gostkowski always dreamed of being an NFL kicker.
Elliott, an accomplished tennis player as a youth who never cared much about football, dreamed of being Lleyton Hewitt.
“The kicking for me was a real shot-in-the-dark, lucky situation for me,'' Elliott told The Post. “My freshman year of high school, I got picked out of a crowd at a homecoming pep rally to do a kicking contest. I went out there and hit a few through and the varsity coach came up to me, which was kind of humbling, and said, ‘Hey you should really think about coming out for the team.'
“I said, ‘Um, I'm not really a big football guy,' and I kind of brushed it off.''
Elliott was on his way to becoming a pretty accomplished tennis player, and that's where his sports passion stood.
“A couple years after that kicking contest, as a junior, I was on the tennis court training and it was a week or two before the football season was about to start and they were struggling a little bit with their kicking,'' Elliott said. “One of the coaches ran over and grabbed me and had me come out and kick and few and said, ‘Come back tomorrow if you want to play.' I figured I'd give it a shot.''
And here he is, just seven years after putting on a football uniform for the first time, kicking in a Super Bowl.
Jason Brauer was that assistant coach at Lyons Township High School in La Grange, Ill., who coaxed Elliott from the tennis court to the football field.
“I walked over to the tennis courts and I said, ‘I promise this'll be the last time I ask you: We're really struggling to make kicks right now and have a chance to have a pretty good team. Any chance to you come over to kick for us?' '' Brauer told The Post by phone. “He put down his tennis racket and came out to the field in his tennis shoes and started kicking for us. The next day he was at practice and never looked back.
“It really is kind of a fairy tale story. Every little boy who's played football growing up dreams of playing in a Super Bowl, and for Jake to be able to do that in his seventh year of football, kicking on the biggest stage of his career … it is a little bit surreal.''
When you speak to Elliott, he comes across so even-keeled it doesn't seem like much of anything fazes him, which could serve him well kicking in the enormity of this Super Bowl moment.
Giant fans will recall Elliott driving a stake into their miserable season when he kicked a 61-yard field goal to beat them on the final play of the game in Week 3.
“That whole thing was pretty surreal,'' Elliott said. “That was only the second week in the NFL for me, and having that opportunity was pretty crazy.''
Adding to the lore of Elliott's story is the fact he was drafted by the Bengals in the fifth round, lost a training-camp competition to veteran Randy Bullock and was signed by the Eagles off Cincinnati's practice squad following the first week of the season to replace the injured Caleb Sturgis.
It's a lesson in you-never-know.
“I'm very happy for Jake,'' said Gostkowski, who has mentored Elliott with advice over the years. “I wish him the best, but I hope his team loses Sunday.''
Much the way Elliott has been inspired by Gostkowski, Gostkowski recalled being in college watching Adam Vinatieri kick game-winning field goals for the Patriots.
“There are not many ways to garner respect at our position other than making big kicks and being consistent over a long period of time,'' Gostkowski said. “[Vinatieri] has obviously made our position a lot more valuable to be able to make big kicks like that and show that you can be a weapon. Kickers are either weapons or liabilities, and you definitely want to be looked at as a weapon.''
In Sunday's game, the Patriots and Eagles will have weapons at the kicking position.
Based on the fact that the seven Super Bowls the Patriots have played under Bill Belichick have been decided by a total of 26 points, with none more than a six-point margin, the chances are fairly good that Super Bowl LII could be decided by a field goal from either Gostkowski or Elliott.
PREBLE COUNTY, Ohio (WDTN) -A man was indicted on drug and child endangering charges after officers arrested him for selling drugs in front of his newborn child.
The Preble County Sheriff's Office and the Eaton Police Department started a drug investigation in November and it led the arrest of 31-year-old Brian Shaner of Eaton.
According to a press release from the Preble County Sheriff's Office, Shaner has a ‘significant' drug related criminal history in 2007.
A Preble County Grand Jury indicted Shaner on these charges:
Aggravated Trafficking in Drugs, a 2nd Degree Felony
Aggravated Possession of Drugs, a 3rd Degree Felony
Endangering Children, a 1st Degree Misdemeanor
Shaner is currently in the Preble County Jail.
Grab the FREE WDTN News App for iPhone or Android. Stay up to date with all the local news, weather and sports as well as live newscasts and events as they happen.
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter for all the latest news, weather and sports.
Belgium on Friday handed over to French authorities a man linked to a foiled 2015 jihadist attack on a high-speed train bound for Paris, prosecutors said.
Youssef Siraj is suspected of having housed Ayoub El Khazzani in Brussels who allegedly shot and seriously wounded a Thalys passenger before being overpowered.
"In connection with the investigation into the terrorist attack on the Thalys of 21 August 2015, Youssef S. has been handed over today to the French judicial authorities," the federal prosecutor's office said.
Youssef and Mohamed Bakkali, who had been in custody in Belgium charged with helping to organise the Paris attacks, were charged in Brussels last October with helping Khazzani in the train attack.
Brussels handed Bakkali over to French authorities last week on condition that he would serve any eventual sentence in Belgium.
France immediately charged Bakkali with being an accomplice in the November 13, 2015 attacks which left 130 people dead and hundreds wounded across Paris.
Several men from the Brussels neighbourhood of Molenbeek are alleged to have taken part in those attacks.
Youssef Siraj, a Molenbeek resident, is alleged to have housed Khazzani, a Morrocan, shortly before the Thalys attack.
A bloodbath was only narrowly averted on the Thalys train from Amsterdam to Paris when passengers including two off-duty US servicemen subdued Khazzani -- who had fought for the Islamic State group in Syria -- as he opened fire with a Kalashnikov.
Khazzani, a Moroccan who fought for Islamic State in Syria, has allegedly told investigators he was acting on the orders of Abdelhamid Abaaoud, one of the organisers of the Paris attacks, whom he met in the war-torn Middle Eastern country.
The Thalys incident added further weight to the theory that the French-Belgian IS network had been behind the Paris attacks in 2015 and triple suicide bombings in Brussels in March the following year.
Khazzani is one of three people France has charged in the Thalys case, along with Bilal Chatra and Redouane Sebbar.
Chatra is suspected of having played the role of scout for Khazzani on the migrant trail to Europe from Syria. Sebbar is believed to have helped prepare the train attack.
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) — Officials in London called Wednesday's devastating high-rise fire “unprecedented.” The blaze started on the second floor and quickly spread to the top. As of Wednesday afternoon, crews were still searching for survivors and 12 people were confirmed dead.
It's rare to see a fire so large in the U.S. these days. So, do we now have fewer fires? Good Question.
“Fortunately, we don't see many like that,” says St. Paul Fire Marshal Steve Zaccard. “Most high-rise buildings in the U.S. are now fitted with sprinklers.”
Zaccard says U.S. high-rises built since the mid-1970s are required to have sprinklers and most older high-rises have been retrofitted. According to a St. Paul Fire survey, 97 percent of the high-rises in St. Paul have sprinkler systems.
At this point, it's unclear if the Grenfell Tower had sprinklers or if they didn't work.
Zaccard credits sprinkler systems and smoke alarms as a main reason for the dramatic drop in the U.S. fatality rate due to fire. According to the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA), there were around 6,000 U.S. fire deaths a year in 1985 compared to 3,200 deaths due to fire in 2014.
Zaccard says how buildings are made has contributed to a drop on fire fatalities. Commercial buildings now have more fire separation and firewalls that keep fires better contained if they start.
The fire marshal points to prevention, though, as a key reason for the drop in structure fires. Structure fires in the U.S. have fallen 40 percent since the mid-1980s. According to the National Fire Protection Association, there were slightly more than 500,000 in 2014.
Zaccard attributes that drop to better building codes, education and technology. Space heaters, stoves, furnaces are safer than they used to be. People are also more aware of the dangers around cooking, heating and smoking.
“We've been in schools for the past 30 years teaching fire safety and now those people are occupying homes,” he says.
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
LAWRENCE, Kan. -- The Douglass County Sheriff's Office is investigating the deaths of three people, including a 3-year-old girl on Sunday.
Police responded to a report of a shooting around 1:30 p.m. in the driveway of a home in the 1000 block of E. 900 Road, southwest of Lawrence.
Upon arrival, officers found a 36-year-old woman in the driveway with multiple gunshot wounds, who died at the scene. Police said she was not connected to the residence in any way.
Police said officers later located the woman's vehicle in a parking area at the Baker Wetlands, south of 31st and Haskell Streets. A 41-year-old man and a 3-year-old girl were found dead in the wetlands not far from the vehicle. The details surrounding their deaths have not yet been released.
Police said the man is believed to be the person who shot the woman. They are the 3-year-old girl's parents, police say.
The Douglass County Sheriff's Office said they do not believe any other individuals are involved.
The identities of those involved have not yet been released. The investigation is ongoing.
National Basketball Association
Illinois 75, Ohio St. 70
When: 7:00 PM ET, Sunday, January 1, 2017
Where: State Farm Center, Champaign, Illinois
Officials: # Chris Beaver, # Terry Wymer, # Anthony Eades
Attendance: 12221
Top Game Performances
Ohio St. Illinois JaQuan Lyle 26 Scoring Malcolm Hill 20 Marc Loving 3 Assists Malcolm Hill 3 Jae'Sean Tate 9 Rebounds Leron Black 15 JaQuan Lyle 4 Free Throws Made Malcolm Hill 7 JaQuan Lyle 2 Steals Tracy Abrams 1 Trevor Thompson 2 Blocks Tracy Abrams 1
Team Stats Summary
Team Points FG% 3PM-3PA FTM-FTA Assists Rebounds Blocks Steals Turnovers Ohio St. 70 41.5 7-21 9-11 10 34 3 3 8 Illinois 75 43.3 6-19 17-23 7 41 4 3 9
After squandering an 11-point halftime lead, Illinois recovered down the stretch and held off Ohio State for a 75-70 victory on Sunday night in a Big Ten game at State Farm Center in Champaign, Ill.Senior swingman Malcolm Hill scored five of his team-high 20 points in the final three minutes to pace Illinois (11-4, 1-1), which recovered from a 25-point loss on Tuesday at Maryland.Senior point guard Tracy Abrams added 16 points and Maverick Morgan and Michael Finke came off the bench to combine for 23 points and nine rebounds. Sophomore power forward Leron Black contributed a career-high 15 rebounds as the Illini snapped a six-game losing streak against Ohio State (10-4, 0-1).Sophomore point guard JaQuan Lyle scored a season-high 26 points for Ohio State. Senior forward Marc Loving and junior guard Kam Williams added 10 points apiece.Illinois coach John Groce, who served as an Ohio State assistant under Thad Matta when the Buckeyes reached the 2007 NCAA championship game, defeated his mentor for just the second time in eight tries.Illinois' most important stretch came right after Ohio State took a 19-17 lead on Williams' jumper with 10:05 left in the first half. The Illini responded with a 19-2 run as they dominated the boards and pushed the tempo.Finke, a sophomore forward, opened Illinois' six-minute spree with a layup off a feed from Hill and Abrams capped it with three baskets that lifted the Illini into a 36-21 lead with 3:11 left in the half.Illinois took a 40-29 advantage into the locker room, but Ohio State make an immediate run in the second half as the Buckeyes quit settling for jumpers and started getting inside. Conversely, Illinois started missing from the perimeter.Lyle took over offensively midway through the second half. After Illinois opened a 54-48 lead on two Hill free throws with 11:14 to go, Lyle answered with 10 points in less than three minutes -- a 3-pointer, a jumper, another 3-pointer and a driving layup -- to give Ohio State a 58-57 lead with 8:34 left.The teams traded the lead down the stretch, but sophomore shooting guard Jalen Coleman-Lands gave the Illini a 66-64 lead they kept for good when he buried a 3-pointer from the top of the key with 3:30 to play.
Image copyright RHI Image caption Dr Andrew Crawford said he did send departmental information to a neighbour and friend
Arlene Foster's former special adviser has denied providing "insider information" to poultry giant Moy Park over RHI.
Andrew Crawford was giving evidence to the public inquiry into the flawed green energy scheme.
He did send departmental information to a senior company executive at Moy Park who was a neighbour and friend.
Members of the RHI inquiry panel expressed concern that it looked like "insider information".
They thought it might afford the company a commercial advantage.
However, Dr Crawford told the RHI inquiry on Wednesday that, while the poultry processor was a big employer which had lots of contact with government, it did not get preferential treatment.
'Sent to neighbour'
Mr Crawford sent the information to Brian Gibson in November 2014 after an inquiry from his neighbour.
Mr Gibson was a senior member of staff in the company who helped decide which farmers were accepted as suppliers.
Dr Crawford said he did not remember the nature of the inquiry.
But he sourced and sent on a departmental briefing document in an email which suggested that proposed changes to the structure of the scheme were "not likely to have an impact" on Moy Park suppliers.
Many of them were using biomass boilers, which were eligible for RHI subsidy, to heat poultry houses.
'Standard document'
Image caption The inquiry was set up in response to public concern about the scheme's huge projected overspend
Dr Crawford said the briefing document was a standard one meant for distribution beyond the department.
But panel member Keith MacLean said there was no evidence that the information contained in it was already in the public domain.
He said that, by providing Moy Park with the information, Dr Crawford was giving a potential commercial advantage to one company in the poultry sector and it was being done without clearance.
Dr Crawford said Moy Park was an important company and a big employer which the executive wanted to help expand.
He said that, as an international venture, if it did not grow in Northern Ireland, "it would grow elsewhere".
But he said that did not mean that "we set up schemes to benefit them".
Image copyright Pacemaker Image caption The inquiry is being chaired by Sir Patrick Coghlin
He said he saw no reason why he should not assist the company with information which was available in the public domain.
Sir Patrick Coghlin said that despite its size and importance, this did not entitle Moy Park to "insider information" or "a view from you as an insider that changes are not likely to have a negative impact".
Earlier on Wednesday, Dr Crawford said the former enterprise minister, Arlene Foster, did not "jettison" plans for cost controls in the RHI scheme.
He said officials decided to park proposed cost controls and move ahead with the domestic scheme in late 2013.
Mrs Foster and Dr Crawford were not told that a 10% target of renewable heat by 2020 was not achievable, the inquiry heard.
It was a Programme for Government target.
Photo: Kai Z. Feng
The 24K Magic World Tour will continue on!
Bruno Mars confirmed today's earlier tease by announcing the cities he'll be stopping in with special guest Cardi B.
Related: Bruno Mars Teases Tour With Cardi B
The ‘finale' run for the 11-time GRAMMY winner will include visits to Boston, Brooklyn, Dallas, Denver, Detroit, Los Angeles, Nashville, Newark, Philadelphia, St. Paul, Toronto, and Tulsa. Dates and venues to be announced soon.
Tickets for the dates are set to go on-sale February 16th.
Justice Zainab B. Abubakar of the Federal High Court sitting in Kano today ordered the forfeiture to the Federal Government of $ 9,772,000 and £74,000 recovered from him.
The money found in the secret safe belonging to Mr Andrew Yakubu in Sabon Tasha, in Kaduna town.
The order was sequel to an ex-parte application by the EFCC seeking an interim forfeiture of the recovered money to the Federal Government.
The ex-parte application was moved by Salihu Sani, counsel for the EFCC.
In her ruling, Justice Zainab held that the money now in the custody of the EFCC are in the interim forfeited to the Federal Government of Nigeria”
On 3 February, operatives of the Commission had stormed a building in Sabon Tasha Kaduna City, belonging to the former NNPC boss and recovered the staggering stashed in a huge fireproof safe.
On February 8, Yakubu reported to the Commission's Kano Zonal Office where he admitted being the owner of both the house and the money recovered.
Yakubu is still in custody assisting the investigation. He was the GMD of NNPC between 2012 and 2014.
NAN
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
As President Trump seeks to cut the US trade deficit with China, Martin Wolf explains what it will take for the Chinese to build a mass consumer market. Shenzhen's tech trailblazers are anxious about rising property prices. Foreign manufacturers welcome the crackdown on copycats but are ambivalent about Trump's trade bluster
Liberals and conservatives rarely agree on health-care legislation these days, but surely they should be able to come together this week over S4325, the New York state Senate bill easing...
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
WEST CARROLLTON, Ohio (WDTN) – The Firebirds and Pirates battled it out on the field Friday night for week seven of Operation Football.
The scoreboard kept ringing for the Firebirds as they flew by the Pirates tonight.
The final score was had Fairmont winning it 62 to 0.
Peugeot Aims to Drive Asian Growth
PSA Group Executive Vice President China and ASEAN discusses the company's performance, electrification, and talks about doing business in China. He speaks from the Beijing Auto Show 2018 on "Bloomberg Markets." (Source: Bloomberg)
Australia Post partners with DTA on identity
Australia Post looks at integrating Digital iD platform into federal government identity frameworks.
Australia Post will work with the Digital Transformation Agency to integrate its Digital iD platform into the government's Digital Identity Framework.
This year's federal budget included $22.7 million in 2017-18 for ongoing work on the DTA's GovPass project, on top of $16.8 million coughed up in 2016-17 for work on early trials and business case development.
GovPass is intended to make it easier to prove identity when using government services. The idea is to bring together a network of organisations able to verify the identity of an individual when accessing online services.
Initially only federal government organisations will be GovPass identify verifiers, but the scheme may be expanded to state government agencies and private sector organisations.
Australia Post today said it was partnering with the DTA to work on a proof of concept integration of Digital iD into the new framework.
"Our new Digital iD platform provides Australians with greater choice and control in how they prove their identity online," Australia Post managing director and group CEO Ahmed Fahour said in a statement.
The organisation is yet to publicly launch Digital iD but the CEO said last year that the mobile application would employ biometric authentication to confirm identity.
The government last year launched its national Face Verification Service and is looking at expanding both its capabilities and the organisations that have access to it.
Another day, another big round number.
The yield on the benchmark 10-year U.S. Treasury note TMUBMUSD10Y, +0.85% briefly touched 3% on Tuesday and notching a more-than-four-year high before pulling back to end just below 2.99%. Stocks took the move in stride, at first, but later tumbled sharply in afternoon trade, leaving the Dow DJIA, -1.74% to finish down more than 420 points, or 1.8%, while the S&P 500 SPX, -1.34% dropped 1.4%.
What's so magical about 3%?
The fact that it is, well, a big round number is certainly part of it, making it a milestone of sorts as the yield hits a level that, while still historically low, it hasn't seen in years. And recall that the 10-year yield twice attempted to meaningfully cross that level in late 2013 and early 2014 amid a bond-market selloff, but failed, noted Lara Rhame, senior economist at Philadelphia-based FS Investment. The yield eventually bottomed near 1.26% in mid-2016.
So that explains the psychological and technical focus, but what about fundamentally?
“In and of itself I don't think there's any more significance in 3% than at 2.75% or 3.25%, we're still talking about degrees of lows when it comes to interest rates,” Rhame said.
See: Here's what it means for the market that the U.S. 10-year yields 3%
Rising yields can cause heartburn for investors. After all, U.S. government bonds are considered the world's safest asset, which means that moves can send ripples through global financial markets.
Bears argue that a sustained rise in yields cuts against the narrative of historically low interest rates used to justify lofty equity valuations. A rise in yields also has implications for debt-servicing costs for corporations that have loaded up on leverage in response to historically low rates.
Read: Here's the threat to the stock market from rising bond yields
But market bulls are confident that yields would have much further to rise before tearing up a bullish backdrop of strong earnings growth and a solid economic outlook.
The weather is warming up, earnings are coming in very good, yet you wanna sell cuz 10yr is 3%? One of you quant guys tell me how much of the $SPX 0-2800 happened above 3% and how much below it? — Greg Harmon, CMT (@harmongreg) April 24, 2018
While many investors associate rising yields with tough times for the stock market, history shows that isn't the case, said Jeffrey Schulze, investment strategist at ClearBridge Investments. Going back to the 1990s, there have been six extended periods of rising rates, with an average increase of 182 basis points. Over those periods, stocks have seen an annualized percentage return of nearly 17%, he said, in a phone interview.
John Lynch, chief investment strategist at LPL Financial, made a similar point with the chart below, which shows stocks have tended to perform well during periods of rising rates.
Indeed, Lynch said stocks and bond yields have shown a positive correlation until the 10-year yield nears 5%, at which point the relationship breaks down.
Yields are on the rise in part due to expectations for higher inflation, as well as rising U.S. borrowing needs as fiscal deficits widen and the Federal Reserve continues to unwind its multi-trillion-dollar balance sheet. The yield climb also appears to underline expectations for continued growth, which is positive for equities.
Investors will want to keep an eye on inflation expectations, which so far show no sign of becoming unmoored.
But there may be another sting in store for corporations. Rhame said the danger may stem from signs that employers are on the cusp of losing their battle to hold down wages in the face of a tightening labor market, leaving higher pay to hit corporate bottom lines.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
North Korean leader Kim Jong-un has decided not to launch a threatened missile attack on Guam, Pyongyang's state media reported on Tuesday, but warned that he could change his mind “if the Yankees persist in their extremely dangerous reckless actions.”
Source:: World News
Subscribe to read: Financial Times
Two arrested in France on suspicion of planning ‘imminent' terror attack
LAST WEEK IN THE CHAMPIONS LEAGUE: Last week could not have been more diverse across the Champions League teams. August is well and truly here, and while some are breaking sweat and working out, others are working on their tan with almost the same tenacity.
Who's got the fastest feet and who ate all the fries?
Find out who got dizzy on the beach, why there will be no cutting slack at Kielce, who keeps his eyes on the prize, and most importantly, who ate all the fries, in the newest edition of Last Week in the Champions League.
Rostov means business
Meanwhile, RostovDon presented their newest signing. The feisty Brazilian goalkeeper Mayssa Pessoa will have a go at another Women's EHF Champions League title this season. She joins a star-studded Russian team already boasting the likes of Ana Paula Rodrigues, Ana Vyakhireva, Siraba Dembele and Katarina Bulatovic, to name just a few.
Pessoa has indeed enjoyed a fiery presentation to go along with the character of her performances, which earned her the elusive trophy in 2015/16.
https://www.instagram.com/p/BXnJMYdFgPuHG2tduCiITnz3RFOdujdG90-FMI0/
No easy life for Dujshebaev
One does not have to say it twice – Kielce means business this season. The Polish champions were not satisfied by an early exit last term, hence the reinforcements, most notably Alex Dushjebaev, their coach's oldest son.
However, father Talant is not letting Alex get off lightly. Last year's VELUX EHF Champions League winner is breaking a sweat and doing the basics (the vastly unpopular staircase jumps) along with the rest of the team to get the best out of his physical preparation.
https://www.instagram.com/p/BXkfogaAuNx/?taken-by=vivetauronkielce
Who is watching their diet?
Luka Karabatic has always been known as a hard worker, one that never shied away from the most difficult tasks, both on the court and in training. However, even the most consummate professionals are allowed some weakness. In these moments, it is important to have the backing of your family, right?
It's exactly that kind of support Luka received from his 16-month-old nephew, Nikola's son Alek. Too many French fries are definitely bad for your diet, uncle.
https://www.instagram.com/p/BXXsDt9BUqu/?taken-by=lukakarabatic
Igor Anic vlog
The Celje star Igor Anic has been creative over the summer. We know his as a man of many talents, but Anic always kept his artistic spark going. This summer he has started a vlog, with some great stuff for all the handball fans and beyond. Do you follow?
https://www.instagram.com/p/BXkPlajhf6C/?taken-by=igoranic
Eyes on the prize, Joan
Vardar's men are hitting the gym hard during the summer. In order to get ready for the trophy defence, Raul Gonzalez's men are building the muscles in their fitness centre.
These workouts are never easy, but in moments when the all the motivation fails, one needs to find something that keeps him going and keep his eyes on the prize. Right, Joan Canellas?
https://www.instagram.com/p/BXFgiyLFhxM/?taken-by=marijalojanica
Fast-feet Appelgren
Ever wondered what does it take to become a Bundesliga goalkeeper? A great deal of talent, that's for sure, with countless hours in training almost a certainty. But, is there something else? To make it to the very top, you need the footwork of an Irish tap dancer. Just ask Michael Appelgren.
https://www.instagram.com/p/BXnfOSRBg4m/?taken-by=rnloewen
TEXT:
SAN FRANCISCO — People packed beaches and parks as summer-like weather set records for the day in the San Francisco Bay Area and other Northern California cities.
The National Weather Service says San Francisco reached 74 degrees (23 degrees Celsius) Saturday. That eclipsed the previous high temperature for Feb. 3 by 3 degrees, set in 1992.
Tourists like Janet Stolp of Delaware headed to a popular beach in the city. She told news station KGO-TV that she timed her trip perfectly because it was snowing when she left home.
San Jose reached 78 degrees, 4 notches higher than the 2009 record. The wine-country town of Healdsburg hit a whopping 80 degrees, busting a record set in 1906.
It comes as California is plunging back into drought. Days ago, scientists said more than 40 per cent of the state is in a moderate drought.
Best Places To Take Your Holiday Photos In MiamiThe holidays are upon us once again. That means Christmas cards need to be mailed out and family photos need to be taken. While there are thousands of places in South Florida that can provide a great backdrop for a family, finding that one perfect spot can be time consuming. Whether that perfect photo includes a beach, a fountain, a garden, or an archway, South Florida can provide the perfect spot for an unforgettable family holiday photo.
Courtesy Diana Newton (DALLAS) — Kaden Newton's great, big idea came after he donated items to a community food bank and realized the pantry didn't have any of his favorite foods.
“They didn't have like, Chef Boyardee or pancake mix,” he recently told ABC affiliate WFAA-TV in Dallas.
This went on for several years: Kaden and his family taking trips to the Helping Hands food pantry in their hometown of Rockwall, Texas, and him growing increasingly concerned about the scarcity of foods that he and many other kids most enjoy.
So last week, with his parents' help, Kaden, 7, started his own nonprofit, Mac and Cheese and Pancakes — named for his two favorite things to eat — to collect donations of foods like pasta, soups, snack bars and crackers.
You know, typical things kids like.
He asked for help from friends and family via social media and even created a wish list on Amazon to make donating easy.
In a little more than 10 days, the Newtons' home has gotten crammed with truckloads of comfort foods donated for children in need.
Kaden's organization has already received more than 7,000 items ready to go to the Helping Hands pantry, and the deliveries keep coming.
“It's cool that we have this much food here … We have Goldfish, juice, granola bars, soup,” Kaden said. “Pasta, definitely mac-and-cheese.”
He said his mom, Diana Newton, had set a goal of 100 food items to donate to the pantry, though his was higher.
“We never expected to get this kind of response,” Diana Newton said. “To get this kind of response is absolutely amazing.”
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Coachella 2017: Celebs party at the shows
Katy Perry The singer hosted an Easter Day “Recovery” brunch, which featured an exclusive pop-up debuting her Katy Perry Footwear. (Rony Alwin) katy-perry
Hailey Baldwin (L) and Kendall Jenner (R) The two models posed for photos for #REVOLVEfestival at Coachella. (BFA) hailey-baldwin-(l)-and-kendall-jenner-(r)
Kat Graham The actress/singer and friends strolled by the Nylon Happiest of Hours brunch before posing for some snaps by the pool. (Wireimage) kat-graham
Delilah Belle Hamlin The model/daughter of Lisa Rinna and Harry Hamlin stopped by the Batiste Dry Shampoo Styling Studio at the Nylon Happiest of Hours brunch to refresh from the desert heat before hitting festival later today. (Wireimage) delilah-belle-hamlin
Sofia Richie The model/daughter of singer Lionel Richie was spotted dancing with her squad in the poolside cabanas. (BFA) sofia-richie
Jasmine Sanders The Sports Illustrated swimsuit model wore short shorts at the VIP room. (BFA) jasmine-sanders
Kouga fire-fighters are on high alert, with strong winds having been predicted for today.
Executive Mayor Elza van Lingen said two helicopters from the SA National Defence Force arrived yesterday afternoon to water-bomb areas that could flare up.
“A 100 fire-fighters are also on the ground, busy with mop-up operations between Loerie and Thornhill.
“We would like to ask the public not to panic should there be flare-ups in the wind today. The situation is being monitored and managed carefully,” she said.
“If it becomes necessary to issue an evacuation alert, this will be done officially by the municipality. We ask people not to spread false rumours.
The municipality will publish relevant information on its Facebook page.”
She said the fire at Longmore was under control at the moment but still smouldering. Tree stumps are also still smouldering in the area between the N2 and R102 where fire crews extinguished fires yesterday.
“We would once again like to appeal to motorists to reduce their speed when travelling past the Van Stadens and Thornhill areas.
There are a lot of animals, both livestock and wildlife, wandering into the roads because of the fences having burnt down,” she said.
The Mayor said Sanral had already started replacing damaged road signs and fencing but that the damage was extensive.
She appealed to the public to report any fire-related incidents, including trees and obstructions that have fallen in the road, to Kouga's all-hour emergency number at 042-2910250.
Share Article Facebook
Twitter
Email You are free to share this article under the Attribution 4.0 International license. Follow Futurity RSS
Twitter
Facebook
Newsletter
People who hear voices—both with and without a diagnosed psychotic illness—are more sensitive than others to a 125-year-old experiment designed to induce hallucinations.
Further, their ability to learn that these hallucinations aren't real may help pinpoint those in need of psychiatric treatment, researchers say.
People with schizophrenia and other psychotic illnesses often report hearing voices, but so do other people with no diagnosed psychiatric disorder. Researchers wanted to identify factors that contribute to auditory hallucinations and to tease apart what makes some people's experiences troubling and others' benign.
“Hallucinations may arise from an imbalance between our expectations about the environment and the information we get from our senses,” says Al Powers, a clinical instructor in psychiatry at Yale University and lead author of the study in Science. “You may perceive what you expect, not what your senses are telling you.”
To test this idea, researchers used a technique developed in the 1890s designed to induce auditory hallucinations. In the experiment, four groups of subjects—voice-hearers (both psychotic and non-psychotic) and non-voice hearers (psychotic and non-psychotic)—were repeatedly presented with a light and a tone at the same time while undergoing brain scans.
Participants were told to detect the tone, which was difficult to hear at times. Eventually, many subjects in all groups reported hearing a tone when only the light was presented, even though no tone was played. The effect, however, was much more pronounced in the two voice-hearing groups.
“In both clinical and non-clinical subjects, we see some of the same brain processes at work during conditioned hallucinations as those engaged when voice-hearers report hallucinations in the scanner,” says senior author Philip Corlett, assistant professor of psychiatry.
In a previous study, a group of self-described voice-hearing psychics had similar voice-hearing experiences as patients with schizophrenia. Unlike patients, however, they tended to experience these voices as positive and reported an ability to exert more control over them.
The new experiment also used computational modeling to differentiate people with psychosis from those without.
People with a psychotic illness had difficulty accepting that they had not really heard a tone and exhibited altered activity in brain regions that are often implicated in psychosis. These behavioral and neuroimaging markers may be an early indication of pathology and could help identify those who are in need of psychiatric treatment, the authors say.
The Brain & Behavior Research Foundation was primary funder of the research.
Source: Yale University
President Donald Trump has repeatedly criticized his predecessor's foreign policy record since taking office, but former White House senior adviser and Deputy Chief of Staff Karl Rove told Fox News' “The O'Reilly Factor” Monday that repeated criticism “will quickly become tiresome.”
“Look, [Trump] is right that a lot of what we are facing today is a direct result of failed policies under Barack Obama,” Rove told host Dana Perino. “Having said that, though, it doesn't make President Trump look strong. Better for him to focus what time he has with the American people … on looking at what he's doing and carrying it forward.”
“The first 90 days of my presidency has exposed the total failure of the last eight years of foreign policy!” So true. @foxandfriends — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 17, 2017
Rove argued that Trump's repeated criticism of Obama has overshadowed the new administration's global successes, such as this month's missile strike against Syria's military.
“If he'd use [Twitter] to help advance his cause when it comes to this kind of foreign policy … then he does get more political credit,” Rove said. “Simply bashing President Obama … works with the people who are with him already, it doesn't help expand [his base] by drawing to his side people who either sat out the election or were mildly disposed to be for Hillary Clinton over him.”
TRUMP WHITE HOUSE DROPS POLICY OF IDENTIFYING VISITORS
Rove also adressed the controversy over the White House's refusal to make its visitor logs public. He said the Trump administration was on “solid legal ground” to make the decision, but added that it was “needless controversy.”
“He is already under fire for not releasing his tax returns as previous presidents have done,” Rove said. “Now, he has this where he looks like he's trying to constrict people's information, people's access to what's going on.”
DETROIT (CBS LOCAL) – An incredible moment caught on camera, Tuesday morning when all lanes of I-696 were closed in both directions as a man considered suicide.
This photo does show the work troopers and local officers do to serve the public. But also in that photo is a man s… twitter.com/i/web/status/9…—
MSP Metro Detroit (@mspmetrodet) April 24, 2018
The Michigan State Police came up with a clever idea to shorten the fall. Acting fast they organized a row of 13 semi truck drivers to remain in place under the bridge to shorten the distance the man would fall if he were to jump.
Police received the call around 1 a.m this morning that there was a man threatening suicide. Several local law enforcement agencies were on the scene along with negotiators.
After several hours the situation ended peacefully with the man walking off the bridge. He was then taken by police to Beaumont Hospital in Royal Oak for evaluation.
If you or a loved one is feeling distressed, call the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline. The crisis center provides free and confidential emotional support 24 hours a day, 7 days a week for civilians and veterans.
Call the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline at 1-800-273-8255 or text to 741-741.
[H/T CBS Detroit]
© 2018 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. The Associated Press contributed to this report.
MIAMI GARDENS, FL - OCTOBER 22: Mike Pouncey #51 of the Miami Dolphins takes the field during a game against the New York Jets at Hard Rock Stadium on October 22, 2017 in Miami Gardens, Florida. (Photo by Mike Ehrmann/Getty Images)
The Chargers had a couple of weaknesses last year and one of them was not being able to run the ball. Yes, running back Melvin Gordon rushed for 1,000 yards for the first time in his career, but the team's average yard per carry was 3.81, which was 26th in the NFL.
Well, on Monday the team officially signed Mike Pouncey, one of the better run blockers in the league; to a two-year deal worth $15 million ($10 million is fully guaranteed).
Pouncey requested his release from the Miami Dolphins last week after the team asked him to take a pay cut. The three-time pro-bowler announced on his Instagram page that the “journey starts” and he would take his first visit with the Chargers. It turned out to be his only visit.
Last season, was the first time that Pouncey played a full 16 game seasons since 2012.
The only knock on the center is that last year he had stem cell surgery on his hip and Pouncey was told he would need hip replacement surgery in 5-10 years.
As of right now the Chargers offensive line is projected to include Russell Okung at left tackle, Dan Feeney at left guard, Pouncey at center, Forrest Lamp (returning from ACL surgery) at right guard, and Joe Barksdale at right tackle.
After the 2017 season ended, general manager Tom Telesco said one of his main priorities was to keep quarterback Philip Rivers up right for 16 games or more. Brining Pouncey on board could be the answer.
An image of Father Joe Carroll shared by his organization
Father Joe Carroll, one of San Diego's nonprofit leaders and Medal of Honor recipient, underwent surgery Thursday for complications with diabetes.
Father Joe is most known for his outreach programs for the homeless community in San Diego like Father Joe's Village, which houses just under 2,000 people any given night, according to its website.
In January, the San Diego Blood Bank put out a call for donors to give blood ahead of Father Joe's pending surgery.
“We don't always think of regularly scheduled surgeries like my own as needing blood,” said Father Joe.
The San Diego Blood Bank is encouraging the public to donate in Father Joe's name. Able donors must be at least 17 years old (or 16 years old with parent permission) and weigh over 114 pounds.
Father Joe continued, “When I found out blood needed to be available for my surgery, it struck me that I wanted to make sure there was enough blood to not only meet my needs, but the needs of our entire community.”
Those eligible can call (800) 469-7322 to sign up to donate at any San Diego Blood Bank center.
Neighbours hold basement ‘dig downs' to ransom
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
TAMPA, Fla. (AP) — A Cirque du Soleil performer has died after falling during a show in Tampa.
The theatrical company announced on Twitter Sunday that Yann Arnaud fell Saturday night while performing an aerial straps number during the show VOLTA.
Arnaud was taken to a hospital after the fall, where he later died. Cirque du Soleil canceled its final two Tampa shows Sunday while the company and authorities investigate how the accident happened.
The entertainment group's President Daniel Lamarre said, “the entire Cirque du Soleil family is in shock and devastated by this tragedy.”
Arnaud had been a performer with Cirque du Soleil for more than 15 years.
(© Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
Peter Thiel, the billionaire venture capitalist and Facebook board member who secretly bankrolled lawsuits to undermine Gawker Media, said he might turn the now-defunct news and gossip website Gawker.com into a conservative investigative outlet if he is successful with his bid to buy the domain.
On Wednesday following a speaking engagement with friend and Linkedin founder Reid Hoffman at Stanford University, Thiel met with students at a small reception, where he outlined his view on the current state of the news media. One of the people Thiel met with was a student journalist who peppered the billionaire with questions about Gawker, which declared bankruptcy in 2016 after losing an $140 million invasion of privacy lawsuit to former professional wrestler Hulk Hogan. Thiel had covertly funded that lawsuit, and others against Gawker, to the tune of $10 million.
Ruairí Arrieta-Kenna, a Stanford senior, who spoke with Thiel as part of a group of student organizers of the event, told BuzzFeed News that Thiel said that the previous incarnation of Gawker “did not even earn the right to be called a news outlet” and that it published “glorified pornography and not reporting.” With Gawker.com now up for sale due to bankruptcy proceedings, Arrieta-Kenna also asked Thiel, who bid for the company's assets, what he would do with the site if he was the winning bidder.
“[Thiel] said he might make it into a conservative investigative reporting site,” said Arrieta-Kenna. “He said it might look into stories that the liberal media wasn't looking into and he would hire more conservative reporters.”
A spokesperson for Thiel said that it was "not true" that the billionaire wanted to develop a conservative investigative outlet with Gawker.com. He declined to comment on the quotes attributed to Thiel.
Thiel's statements to the students is the first public evidence that he may have plans to do something with the Gawker website if he is successful with his bid. Many critics were worried that the billionaire had simply bid for the site and its remaining assets to eliminate its online archive. Gawker originally drew Thiel's ire when it published a story about him being gay in 2007, and its archives contain several stories about the billionaire and his sexuality.
Earlier this week, the Freedom Of The Press Foundation announced plans to archive online content that was at risk of being specifically taken offline by the rich or powerful. The project's organizer Parker Higgins specifically cited the possibility of Thiel eliminating the Gawker archive as a motivation.
“I was invited to the reception… and I noticed after a few minutes that the other students circling Peter weren't asking him any serious questions,” said Arrieta-Kenna, the editor of Stanford Politics, a campus magazine. “As a student journalist, I jumped in and began to ask him what I thought were tougher questions about his views on the state of media and journalism today, especially considering his relationship with Gawker and his support of some right-leaning publications.”
Arrieta-Kenna was one of a handful of student organizers for the event, dubbed “Cardinal Conversations,” though he said he had little involvement in its planning. Wednesday's event featured a discussion between Thiel and Hoffman, who are both Stanford alumni, and was moderated by political commentator Niall Ferguson.
Following that event, Thiel held court with about four students for about 15 minutes. Two of the other students that spoke with BuzzFeed News asked to be sent questions about the conversation to their emails. Another said he was part of the conversation but did not recall any discussion about Gawker. That student also said that he left for parts of the conversation.
Arrieta-Kenna said he was surprised Thiel was so candid with him in their discussion, in which the PayPal cofounder also talked about his views on the current state of the media. Thiel said that his issue with the current state of the media is that it was too biased, and called The Washington Post, “an arm of the Democratic party,” according to Arrieta-Kenna. The Post, which published an an opinion piece authored by Thiel prior to the 2016 election, is owned by Amazon founder Jeff Bezos, who had previously criticized Thiel's support of then presidential candidate Donald Trump. Thiel additionally said he believes the New York Times was biased.
The venture capitalist also brought up Fox News, and said he didn't like that the television outlet was so slanted toward the right. He noted that as much as he dislikes CNN, he respected the cable news outlet for proclaiming to be neutral.
“He lamented that journalists today claim there is no such thing as being unbiased so they don't even strive to be unbiased,” said Arrieta-Kenna.
BuzzFeed News previously reported that Thiel is exploring the possibility of developing his own conservative news network and had engaged the Mercer family, the main benefactors of Breitbart News, as a possible source of funding. Thiel's plan for that network would be to provide a rival to Fox News.
It's unclear how owning and operating Gawker would fit in with Thiel's plan for a television network. Currently, the Gawker estate has ended the bidding for the remaining assets and is sorting through those bids to determine a winner. Among the known bidders are conservative provocateur and conspiracy theorist Mike Cernovich, who offered $500,000 for the site according to Vanity Fair, and Kevin Lee, the CEO of marketing firm Didit, who declined to disclose how much he bid. Thiel has also not disclosed how much he offered for Gawker.com.
William Holden, Gawker's bankruptcy plan administrator, declined to comment.
Sources close to the process say that the estate also talked to other potential buyers, but BuzzFeed News could not confirm those people submitted offers before last month's deadline. Among those that were interested in buying the asset included HC2, the holding company of hedge fund mogul Philip Falcone; marketing agency d50 Media; and Dustin Curtis, the founder of blogging platform Svbtle.
Representatives at HC2 and d50 Media did not respond to multiple requests for comment. Curtis declined to answer questions via text message but told BuzzFeed News: “Looks like you have the information already :).”
Even if Thiel was the highest bidder for the assets, sources have said that Holden has told other prospective buyers that offers are not being assessed on their financial merits alone. Two sources said that Holden has been evaluating the motivations of buyers and what they would do with the assets following an acquisition. Prior to the announcement of the Freedom Of The Press Foundation's plan this week, one former Gawker executive had explored the possibility of archiving Gawker's contents with the help of university libraries, including one at New York University.
The Gawker estate is still examining the possibilities of a lawsuit against Thiel and is waiting to begin discovery to understand his role in the funding of litigation against the former New York-based news organization. Whoever buys Gawker's assets would ostensibly own the rights to pursue litigation against Thiel.
Previously, lawyers for Thiel called the billionaire “the most able and logical purchaser” of Gawker.com, which the estate disputed.
With reporting from Andrew Granato.
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Renminbi faces confidence test as Chinese FX purchase quota resets
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
We demand high quality fuel from our refineries.
We only source our fuel from the best. Our quality control starts with obtaining fuel from the major suppliers in Western Canada, who meet our high fuel quality standards.
It's important to source from Western Canada's major refiners because they understand the rigorous requirements of Alberta customers.
The performance of your equipment relies on a high quality fuel.
When your engine is running on UFA fuel, it's consuming the high quality fuel. Whether it's agricultural, off-road, construction or industrial equipment, your mileage, power and fuel economy are by-products of the fuel you choose.
Whether it's summer or winter, when it comes to serving our members and customers, UFA is committed to providing the best gasoline and diesel products available on the market. UFA and our suppliers have a rigorous fuel quality program to ensure we provide the top-quality fuel your equipment relies on.
You're too busy to worry about fuel quality. Let us handle it.
Learn more about UFA's top quality fuel from the experts.
A woman wearing a “Rise and Resist” shirt scaled the base of the Statue of Liberty on Wednesday — less than an hour after a group of people were busted for unfurling an “Abolish I.C.E” banner on Liberty Island.
NYPD aviation teams were responding to Liberty Island at around 1:33 p.m. after receiving reports about the female climber.
Cops said the woman appeared to be part of the group of protesters arrested for the banner stunt, but organizers claimed that this wasn't the case.
“The climber on the Statue of Liberty has no connection to our #abolishice action earlier today,” tweeted Rise and Resist NYC, the activist organization that planned the banner demonstration.
The group announced the stunt on social media just moments before carrying it out Wednesday.
“Rise and Resist is at the Statue of Liberty demanding Trump and the GOP #AbolishICE, reunite families now, halt deportations, and end detention as a deterrent,” they wrote on Twitter. “We will fight every day until we end our brutal racist immigration policy.”
At least 10 people were arrested for the banner demonstration on Liberty Island, according to police sources. But all eyes seemed to be on the woman who was climbing.
“There's a woman climbing the Statue of Liberty behind me!” tweeted one visitor. “Happy 4th!”
Another person said: “A woman is climbing the Statue of Liberty and people are being evacuated from the island. Either that, or I was reading the plot of a Marvel superhero movie when I thought I was reading the news.”
Photos posted on Twitter at around 4:30 p.m. showed cops trying to reason with the woman. She appeared to be dressed in all black, with pink shoes.
“I applaud the woman that climbed the Statue of Liberty,” wrote one Twitter user. “I can't imagine how hard that was. I get winded after climbing the stairs at my house.”
United States Park Police are working with NYPD aviation teams to get the woman down safely Wednesday. Officials were impressed with how far the woman made it, but weren't taking the act lightly.
“The facade of the monument there is a granite rock-like surface that the average person wouldn't be able to scale,” explained National Park Service spokesman Jerry Willis.
“But somebody with some climbing skills would be able to pull it off,” he told The Post. “An extremely dangerous stunt to pull.”
Willis said he felt bad for visitors who traveled to NYC just to see Lady Liberty on the 4th of July, only to get evacuated from Liberty Island.
“I think it's very unfortunate,” he said. “We have people from all over the world who visit us. For many of them, it's a once in a lifetime trip… People are moved when they get here. So to have their visit cut short or denied is extremely unfortunate. I'm really sad for people who had to leave the island or who weren't able to get over here at all.”
Federal government sources said that at the end of the day, park officials are to blame due to the apparent lack of security.
“You don't need to tower like Lady Liberty to be able to see that there's a security lapse at the National Park Service,” a source said.
Negotiators were still trying to get the woman down Thursday as of 5 p.m.
Photo: Scott Kirkland / PictureGroup / Sipa / USA Today
By Scott T. Sterling
Diplo has a brand-new look, and it's his hottest yet.
Related: Diplo Donates $100k to Vegas Victims' Relief Fund
The notorious DJ took it upon himself to join Kanye West's Yeezy Season 6 promo campaign, sharing his own inimitable take on a recent photo shoot for the collection.
In case you missed it, the shoot features the likes of Paris Hilton, model Amina Blue and adult film actress Lela Star all posing as Kim Kardashian from a series of famous paparazzi photos.
Diplo hopped on social media to share his very unofficial contribution to the campaign, which is quite frankly, flawless.
See the stunning results below.
Don't just take our word for it. Kim Kardashian herself has seen the photos, and she's all about them, sharing her response on Twitter.
A topless Diplo rocking a waist-length blond wig is one very hot Diplo. Here's hoping he holds onto this edgy new style for a while.
"Not huge deal, but can you imagine how Trumpsters would react if Michelle wasn't born here & had to nudge Barack to do this?" one person said.
CBS4CBS4 is now on CBSMiami.com. It's the same great news, weather, and investigations you found on cbs4.com, but we've added a whole new range of great items and features to help you get more out of your day, and put a little more fun into your life. It's all brought to by the same great [...]
My TV 33My TV33 is on CBSMiami.comIt's the same great news, weather, and investigations you found on cbs4.com, but we've added a whole new range of great items and features to help you get more out of your day, and put a little more fun into your life. It's all brought to by the same great team [...]
WQAMMiami's Sports Radio 560 WQAM is South Florida's original sports station. For over 20 years, WQAM has brought the region live coverage of their favorite teams and been home to the most popular and beloved local personalities. With Joe Rose leading the way in mornings, WQAM features Miami's most extensive offering of live and local [...]
South Florida H.S. SportsSFHSSports is now on CBSMiami.com! We're a part of the CBS Miami family… Visit us at http://miami.cbslocal.com/category/sfhssports . Our “crew” J.T. Wilcox SFHSSports Managing Editor JT.Wilcox@CBSRadio.com Larry Blustein SFHSSports Senior Writer FloridaKids1@aol.com . We want to hear from you! . By Telephone 305-654-1700 . By Mail South Florida High School Sports [...]
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
MEMPHIS, Tenn. (AP) — Goran Dragic scored 19 points, and the Miami Heat pulled away from the lowly Memphis Grizzlies for a 107-82 victory on Monday night.
Miami shot 56.1 percent from the field and had seven players score in double figures in its second straight win. Josh Richardson had 17 points, and reserves Tyler Johnson and Bam Adebayo finished with 14 apiece.
Memphis lost for the 15th time in 16 games. Marc Gasol scored 19 points on 5-for-14 shooting and Andrew Harrison had 16.
The Heat carried a 70-60 lead into the fourth quarter and kept up the pressure in the final period. Johnson scored five straight points to run the advantage out to 18, and the lead ballooned to 27 in the closing minutes.
Miami shot 65 percent in the second half.
The first half was a sloppy affair with 11 turnovers for the Grizzlies and 10 for the Heat. Miami led 45-42 at the break.
TIP-INS
Heat: C Hassan Whiteside missed his sixth straight game with a left knee injury. … It was Miami's first trip to FedExForum since the firing of former Heat assistant David Fizdale as head coach of Memphis. Miami coach Erik Spoelstra said he had lunch with his former assistant earlier in the day. “He's going to get another opportunity,” Spoelstra said.
Grizzlies: G Tyreke Evans had 11 points on 5-for-17 shooting in his 500th career game. … Memphis is winless in nine games against the Eastern Conference. … Memphis went 18 for 27 at the free-throw line. … Memphis is 1-14 since starting PG Mike Conley was shelved by left Achilles problems.
UP NEXT
Heat: Host Portland on Wednesday night.
Grizzlies: Visit Washington on Wednesday night.
(© Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
Amy "Dolly" Everett was known as the angelic face of Akubra hats as a child. Her family says she committed suicide after being targeted by cyberbullying.
Amy "Dolly" Everett was known as the angelic face of Akubra hats as a child. Her family says she committed suicide after being targeted by cyberbullying.
CYBER-BULLIES would be banned from social media and slapped with an online­ version of an apprehended violence­ order as part of a radical plan to stop trolls.
Anti-bullying charities are using a powerful parliamentary inquiry to call for a criminalisation of trolling - including giving child cyber-bullies a social media order (SMO) that would ban them from contacting their victims and using sites such as Facebook and Instagram.
It comes after 14-year-old Amy "Dolly" Everett took her own life on January 3 after being targeted by bullies online.
Amy "Dolly" Everett was a young horserider.
The Carly Ryan Foundation - a cyber-safety charity set up following the death of 15-year-old Carly Ryan, who was killed by a paedophile in 2007 - said the federal government should investigate mimicking "domestic violence processes" by creating­ an order that would ban trolls from contacting their victims online.
The submission, written by Carly's mother and foundation chief executive Sonya Ryan, said police should also be given the powers to ban the trolls from social media altogether for nominated periods.
Ms Ryan said under the plan a new law could be created that would allow for juvenile offenders to be tried in the juvenile justice system if they breached the bans.
Tayla Pearson honours the memory of her brother, Kodi, who died in 2016.
"The problem is so many resources are used to mediate young people without formal consequences," Ms Ryan, an Australian of the Year, said.
"Something like this would put youth on notice and give them the opportunity­ to do the right thing."
Ms Ryan said the charity had reached out to Dolly's family to offer them support.
She said a law change should mean that no child would ever be pushed to feel they had "no escape".
AGE LIMITS A JOKE: TWEENS ADDICTED TO SOCIAL MEDIA
"We want to reach young people before it gets to that point," Ms Ryan, who also runs education workshops in schools, said.
"We need to make sure they feel empowered and talk to them on their level."
She said compulsory education programs would also be part of the program.
Libby Bell, 13, took her own life after she became the victim of bullying.
The idea has also won the support of other cyber-safety campaigners, families who have lost children and lawyers who say that the existing legislation needs urgent updating.
Cyber-safety expert Ross Bark, who runs education courses across NSW through his company Best Enemies, agreed the creation of an "SMO" would be helpful.
"It would be useful to be able to ban offenders from Facebook, Instagram and social media but it would need to be coupled with education so they can actually learn the very real effect they are having on their victims," Mr Bark said.
MENTAL HEALTH LESSONS IN SCHOOLS AIM TO REMOVE CULTURE OF SHAME
NSW TOWN BEGS FOR HELP TO STOP SUICIDE 'CRISIS'
"We don't want to be handing out AVOs to children left, right and centre, so something that specifically deals with cyber-bullying could be helpful."
Brisbane father Quentin Pearson's 14-year-old son Kodi took his own life in 2016 after being the victim of bullying at school and online.
Mr Pearson told The Saturday Telegraph he backed the introduction of the social media bans for bullies.
"Something needs to be put in place so they will think twice before they post a horrible message," he said.
"It needs to be taken more seriously because, as we know, it can be deadly and all it can take is one tweet or Snapchat to push someone over."
Online content can surprise and shock.
Teens Courtney Love, 15, from Kiama, Libby Bell, 13, Jessica Cleland, 19, and Olivia Penpraze, 19, all also took their own lives in recent years after being bullied online.
Criminal Defence Lawyers Australia principal lawyer Jimmy Singh said while existing AVO laws allowed courts to ban offenders from contacting their victims on social media, it was rare, and often cyber-bullying wasn't taken as seriously by police.
"If a young person goes into a police station and reports they are being harassed online, it should be treated as seriously as if they are reporting any other kind of harassment," Mr Singh said.
In its submission, Australian Federal Police admitted that under existing laws "not all cyber-bullying is a criminal offence".
Attorney-General Christian Porter said tackling cyber-bullying must be "a joint effort".
"I will be looking at the submissions to this inquiry and the committee's final report very carefully," he told The Saturday Telegraph.
"Education, victim support and civil avenues for victims are just as important as criminal laws to combat anti-social­ behaviour."
KIDS DIAL INTO SLEEP DISORDER DAMAGE
KIDS as young as three are addicted to their screens, sparking a sleep deprivation crisis that is having a devastating impact on their health.
A staggering 17 per cent of children aged three and under own their own smart device, with the figure jumping to 36 per cent for preschoolers. And they are doing damage.
In one case, a five-year-old was referred to a sleep clinic because he was staying up until 10.30pm on his iPhone.
Overuse of electronic devices can cause a host of health problems, experts warn. Picture: iStock
He was falling asleep in school and was reaching for his screen at 6am. In another case, a seven-year-old boy was communicating with his parents regularly via his own iPhone, even when they were in the next room.
Chris Seton, paediatric sleep physician at Sydney's Woolcock Institute of Medical Research, said the number of young children needing treatment for sleep issues was growing.
He said devices impacted on children's sleep by delaying bedtime, causing "conditioned arousal", where the brain is trained not to associate a certain time of day or the bed as a place of sleep while screen lighting stopped the release of melatonin to prepare the body for sleep.
"A lack of sleep in kids means they are more prone to learning issues, obesity, a whole range of mood issues including depression and anxiety and they are at higher risk of suicide, drug, addiction and sexual promiscuity in older age," he said.
Online content can surprise and shock.
"There is also research out of the US that is showing a narrowing of blood vessels behind the retina in one-year-old kids using devices."
Melbourne's Murdoch Children's Research Institute paediatrician Harriet Hiscock said Australian children often got less than recommended sleep.
"Their quality of the sleep is also being impacted by devices and this is perhaps more important than duration," Dr Hiscock said.
"When devices are in bedrooms, this can be waking up children at night."
BEYOND BLUE
AWAKEN YOUTH
SUICIDEPREVENTIONAUST.ORG
Kodi Pearson with his sister Tayla.
Dayton power trio A Shade of Red
at Peach's
Georgia Goad, Sean Pennington, and Alessandro Cortez (L-R). Photo: Gary McBride
By Gary McBride
A Shade of Red is ready to get back to gigging after taking a break of nearly a year to woodshed new material, and their return to the stage on June 1 at Peach's will feature a wealth of new songs and sounds.
“We have been playing pretty consistently, just not on stage,” notes Georgia Goad, singer and guitarist. “Rehearsing and writing. This year, we tried something new—we'd all get together and jam out whatever came to us. So about half the new material came from that process. I really enjoyed it. It was nice to get together without the pressure of having to rehearse for a gig, and instead just practice and write,” adds Georgia.
“And these are really the first songs written with Alessandro as part of the writing process,” notes drummer Sean Pennington, referring to bassist extraordinaire Alessandro Cortez.
“Now there's enough that we can start playing these new songs live, and see how they go, and we can continue to fine tune them, until we're ready to record the next CD,” adds Sean. The band has already released two full-length CDs and a 4-song EP.
Georgia and Sean started playing together as a duo in 2009. “It's a long-term relationship,” says Georgia. “We've been playing [as a trio] with Alessandro since 2012.” The addition of Alessandro added a new dimension to the band's sound, and has freed Georgia to be a more aggressive lead guitarist, vocalist, and soloist.
Asked about the name “A Shade of Red,” Georgia confesses “I do tend to blush when attention is focused on me, especially when I first started out performing. I used to play with a guy named Jeff, and before one show I joked that I was going to turn ‘a shade of red,' and he suggested we use that as the band name. Then a couple months later, Sean took Jeff's spot, and the name stuck.”
“Then we named the first album Blush,” Sean notes. “Also, P!nk was already taken,” he adds with a wink.
“I was painfully shy for many, many years,” Georgia recalls. “Playing out was very cathartic, a way of expressing things I didn't feel I could express otherwise. I do feel an openness when I'm singing and playing guitar that I don't generally feel when speaking to people I don't know intimately. Art and music has always been a way of expressing that which can't be said in basic conversation.
“Blush was sort of a softer ‘coming of age' album.” Georgia continues. “The next one, Katta Pillar, which carries most of our more explicit tracks, I deliberately wanted to be an infusion of the most raw, passionate energy, to move away from the Blush album. When some of those songs were written, there were a lot of double standards, especially on radio play—you could hear something extremely graphic, and it was frustrating to get the message that displaying same sex affection was somehow more lewd, even just basic affection: holding hands, hugging, nothing that you wouldn't see with other couples anywhere. But heaven forbid you have an artist who identifies as gay or lesbian or bisexual. It's not that those artists didn't exist, it's just when it came to songs played on the radio, it was always ‘you'—they always avoided the pronouns. And that's fine, but I think there was a not-so-great intention behind that of ‘well, I don't want to alienate anybody.' So, the song “Rain“ got a lot more explicit because I was frustrated with that double standard. I didn't feel the need to shove it in people's faces, but if they came out to see us play, they knew what we were about. They knew what they were getting, so it was more ‘hey you can come here and hear something that you can relate to and I'm not going to sugar-coat it.' In general I don't live my life trying to make a statement about who I am. You get to know me and you'll figure it out.”
Georgia is not secretive about her sexual orientation, so I asked how that has informed her music. “Dayton is an extremely open city, and real inclusion comes from having all sorts of variety in the same place, and it not being an issue. If as a gay artist, I only played with and for other gay people, and said ‘oh there's total acceptance where I'm playing,' that's fine, I think it's a great community. But real change comes from finding brotherhood and sisterhood in people who are not like yourself. It's not that you need those people to validate you, that's not at all the message, but when people who are not at all like you can say ‘I understand where you're coming from,' then that's where real solid change comes from. The Dayton community, as far as I'm concerned, has reached that level. So if there are any young artists out there, or anybody who feels they're looking for a community, I hope that they realize it's there.”
A Shade of Red will play June 1 at Peach's, 104 Xenia Ave., Yellow Springs. Kyleen Downes Band will be sharing the bill. Showtime 10 p.m. No cover, ages 21+. For more information, visit AShadeOfRed.com or PeachsGrill.com
“I know for a fact that she would never hit any student with a baseball bat, or with anything else for that matter,” said a graduate of Furr High School
Students and alumni from Furr High School have started a social media campaign to bring back their principal, Bertie Simmons, defending her against allegations over uniforms and a verbal threat.
“She has always, always been there for every student,” said Karen Banda, a graduate of Furr. “Any student that walks into her office, she will be there for them.”
Banda is a senior at Smith College in Massachusetts. But she says she wouldn't be there at all if it weren't for Simmons. So when she heard her former principal was temporarily relieved of her duties, Banda was speechless.
Then Banda joined a social media campaign with the hashtag #BringBackDrSimmons. She and several other students told News 88.7 that they don't believe the allegations against her.
“I know for a fact that she would never hit any student with a baseball bat, or with anything else for that matter. She would joke around saying, ‘Don't make me take my earrings off,' but everyone always knew that that was a joke,” Banda said.
The Houston Independent School District is taking that kind of joke seriously. It also is examining how strongly Simmons enforced uniforms after HISD said the dress code would be relaxed after Harvey.
Simmons has led Furr since 2000. She reduced gang violence, improved the graduation rate and helped the school win a $10 million grant.
/
This makes me cry. One of many students @DrBertieSimmons has helped. What has HISD done? #bringbackdrsimmons https://t.co/nejq3e6ZSM — Maria DeLaCruz (@mariadlc6) October 2, 2017
— Jordan Davis (@JordanDavisACS) October 5, 2017
You got Dr. Simmons suspended! Happy? Everyone got FREE Uniforms #noexcuses #bringbackdrsimmons — Maria DeLaCruz (@mariadlc6) September 30, 2017
Paul Dunne has cracked the world's top 200 for the first time in his career after his heartbreaking play-off defeat at the Trophee Hassan II on Sunday.
Dunne lost out to Italian Edoardo Molinari - claiming his first European Tour title since 2010 - in Morocco and Dunne afterwards declared his performance "a step in the right direction", despite the bitter disappointment.
His exploits have lifted him up to 156th in the current rankings, making him the fourth highest ranked Irishman on the planet behind Graeme McDowell (83rd), Shane Lowry (67th) and Rory McIlroy, who remains second behind Dustin Johnson.
Dunne's weekend efforts came lined with positives.
The Greystones man pocketed a career-best €277,770 that pushed him into the top 20 in the Race to Dubai standings, and he's the first new Irish player to rise into the top 200 since 2009.
He has played ten tournaments so far and finished in the top 10 twice.
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
By ROBERT ROMANO
On Jan. 17, Sen. Jeff Flake (R-Ariz.) took to the floor the U.S. Senate and disgracefully compared President Donald Trump to one-time Soviet dictator Josef Stalin because the President called the fake news publishing stories falsely alleging he is a Russian agent “an enemy of the American people.”
Perhaps not appreciating the irony, just a day later, Flake voted to reauthorize Section 702 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (FISA), legislation that authorizes the President to exercise intelligence gathering powers said to have been abused during the Bush and Obama administrations in the form of mass surveillance.
It is all political theater for the retiring Arizona senator as the elites in Washington, D.C. applaud his “courage” for idiotically comparing the President to one of the greatest mass murdering dictators in human history who killed millions of his own people and sent many more to gulags.
As a personal note, my wife's aunt grew up in one of those gulags in Siberia before being liberated years later and eventually immigrating to the U.S. In 2016, she voted for Trump.
Flake's was an outrageous, despicable comparison, and reflects how hysterical and disconnected from reality Trump's opponents have become since his unlikely victory in 2016. If Flake truly believed Trump was a Stalinist — who spied on, imprisoned and mass-murdered his political enemies — he wouldn't be granting more national security powers to the executive branch.
To be fair, perhaps Flake thought he was voting to spy on Trump and the First Family so that the intelligence agencies will finally help overturn the outcome of the 2016 election with their fake, trumped up charges of treason and foreign collusion. Who's the real monster?
Since the Church Committee, which was convened in 1975 to get to the bottom of revelations by Seymour Hersh's explosive report to the New York Times on Dec. 22, 1974 that the CIA had engaged in a mass, domestic surveillance program against anti-war protestors, members of Congress and other political figures, the de-weaponization of intelligence — a war power, mind you — against the American people was an article of faith in our democracy.
Now, sadly it is a forgotten epitaph memorializing the destruction of the Constitution by those now in a frenzy to utilize that very deep state to overturn the American people's Nov. 2016 decision to elect Donald Trump. Have they stopped to consider the irreparable damage that has been inflicted on the republican form of government and the rule of law by their rash inquisition?
This feverish mob mentality, which Flake does nothing to alleviate, is utterly dangerous.
In the meantime, back in reality, President Trump is at work on behalf of the American people who elected him. He is internally taking on these deep state actors that unconstitutionally used the nation's surveillance powers against the opposition party in the 2016 election campaign. On the day FISA Section 702 was reauthorized in the House, Trump tweeted, “I have personally directed the fix to the unmasking process since taking office…”
Meaning, despite the broad grant of authority by Congress, Trump is circumscribing the exercise of those surveillance powers to prevent these types of partisan, political abuses of the surveillance authority from ever happening again. The nation's intelligence agencies must never again be weaponized against political enemies.
It is Trump's Justice Department that is now turning over the papers to the House Intelligence Committee that document these abuses and more.
Americans for Limited Government did not support the FISA reauthorization precisely because of those unconstitutional abuses, but we are pleased that the President is taking action to rein them in all the same. Thank goodness for small favors.
That is the true story of Trump's first year in office. The President is restoring limited government through his actions, while his opponents are distracted by his unique, Trumpian rhetoric he uses to connect with his supporters. It's okay, Jeff. We get it, even if you don't.
Where he has the power, Trump is rescinding and limiting economy-killing regulations from the Environmental Protection Agency, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and others.
But, the President is not relying solely on his executive authority to get things done. In other areas, he is helping to restore Congress' Article I responsibilities. Even on former President Barack Obama's Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA), which Trump campaigned against and has suspended becoming effective March 5, Trump put the issue where it belongs — in Congress. At the time, he said, “Hopefully now Congress will be able to help them and do it properly.”
Agree or disagree with DACA, that is limited government in action. President Trump cannot just arbitrarily change the law. Making laws is Congress' job. If members want to do DACA, then they should put it in a bill and put it on his desk.
But Trump is being no pushover. He wants a lot in return, supporting a bill by House Judiciary Committee Chairman Rep. Bob Goodlatte (R-Va.) that ends chain migration, eliminates the visa lottery, fully funds the southern border wall and implements a national E-Verify system.
Here, Trump is clearly exercising the separation of powers and using the bully pulpit to get parts of the agenda he campaigned on into law. That's exactly what he's supposed to be doing.
Trump is also enforcing the nation's immigration laws vigorously, prioritizing deportations of violent gang members, cracking down on sanctuary cities and extreme vetting to keep terrorists out of America.
Another constitutional responsibility of the federal government Trump has taken full command of is foreign relations, securing the release of American held hostages, strengthening old alliances and forging new ones.
Also, on foreign affairs, Trump is keeping his promise to be tough on trade and other economic relations. Under Trump, the U.S. has withdrawn from the Trans-Pacific Partnership. He has left the Paris Climate Accord. He has ordered that the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) to be renegotiated. He has initiated discussions with China to begin narrowing the trade deficit.
Here, Trump is exercising the authority granted by statute and under the Constitution to put America first on trade and to take a tough stance with foreign nations that take advantage of the U.S. And for the tens of millions of Americans who voted for him — particularly in the rust belt states of Michigan, Ohio, Wisconsin and Pennsylvania who put him over the top in the Electoral College — it's about time.
More broadly on the economy, Trump successfully navigated the pitfalls in Congress and got the most major tax cuts for individuals and corporations since Reagan, ensured the repatriation of trillions of dollars of foreign earnings to be reinvested into the U.S. economy, opened up the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge for oil drilling and repealed the Obamacare individual mandate to purchase health insurance. Each of those individually would have been major legislative achievements. Trump got them all in the same bill.
Overall, Trump's actions on taxes, trade, energy and deregulation are going to help the U.S. economy to grow more robustly and create new, good-paying jobs over the next decade. And yes, taking on the fake news enemy of the American people and telling the truth for a change.
By every measure, President Trump deserves not only credit, but the heartfelt thanks of the American people he is fighting on behalf of, regardless of who they supported in 2016.
We need to set aside the hysterical rantings of Trump's opponents, like retiring Sen. Jeff Flake whom history will soon forget, and focus on what Trump has actually done as president. These are the acts of a little “R” republican; of the dutiful watchman.
One year later, the American people are getting what they voted for in President Donald Trump: the restoration of limited government, the separation of powers and new-found prosperity for the U.S. economy. Agree or disagree with President Trump's agenda, he is putting America first — and he is getting the job done.
Robert Romano is the Vice President of Public Policy at Americans for Limited Government. You can read more of his articles at www.netrightdaily.com.
COMMENTS DISABLED BY SITE.
YOU MAY, HOWEVER, COMMENT THROUGH FACEBOOK.
Image caption Magid Magid made the announcement while chairing a Sheffield City Council meeting
Sheffield's Lord Mayor has "banned" US President Donald Trump from visiting the city.
Magid Magid made the announcement while chairing a Sheffield City Council meeting and donning a sombrero "in solidarity" with Mexico.
The Green Party councillor tweeted Mr Trump was a "wasteman" and "henceforth banned from the great city of Sheffield".
Elected in May, the 28-year-old is the city's youngest ever mayor.
More Yorkshire stories
A "wasteman" is slang for a person of little merit.
The council said Mr Magid does not have the power to ban anyone from the city, but that full council "may through a collective, democratic debate and process, agree to condemn the views of an individual or organisation".
The mayor tweeted: "I Magid Magid, Lord Mayor & first citizen of this city hereby declare that not only is Donald J Trump a WASTEMAN, but he is also henceforth banned from the great city of Sheffield!
"I further declare July 13th to be Mexico Solidarity Day!"
Mr Trump is due to come to the UK for his state visit on 13 July but Mr Magid admitted he is unlikely to visit Sheffield.
In a tweet, the mayor highlighted his opposition to Trump's policies he objects strongly to, including "[Trump's] ridiculous Muslim ban, withdrawing from the Paris Climate Agreement, moving a US Embassy to Jerusalem, enforcing the imprisonment of children at borders and defending white supremacists".
He said as Lord Mayor, he speaks on behalf of Sheffield citizens.
"We need to be honest, bold and courageous in our viewpoints," he added.
"As a world leader he has a lot of weight and we have to fight that hate."
Image copyright Family photo Image caption Magid Magid came to Sheffield at five "to find a better life" with his mother and five siblings, following six months in an Ethiopian refugee camp
Mr Magid came to Sheffield aged five from an Ethiopian refugee camp "to find a better life".
In 2016 he was elected Broomhill and Sharrow Vale Green councillor and when elected Lord Mayor said he would bring the role "into the 21st Century".
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
Premium features include the agenda-setting Lex column, EM Squared, Martin Sandbu's Free Lunch, Newsmine blog, daily FT ePaper and exclusive weekly emails designed to enhance your FT experience.
What do you get in your Premium Subscription package?
Lex Column - The FT's daily guide to the corporate and financial stories that matter. Since the 1930's Lex has been providing concise, readable and timely commentary on companies, markets and the theory behind investing. From tech valuations to the pros and cons of share buybacks, via the banking crisis and emerging markets, Our specialists in London, New York and Hong Kong give you the tools to make better investment decisions.
Editor's Choice - An exclusive weekly newsletter with insights from Lionel Barber, the Financial Times' lauded editor.
FT Newsmine Blog - A weekly email that abstracts essential macroeconomic data for you from the week's news stories.
Free lunch - Martin Sandbu's Free Lunch - A succinct daily take on global economics from columnist Martin Sandbu who selects and comments on the day's biggest topics.
New integration combines advanced malware detection with endpoint protection and response to reduce the time between detection and triage from days to minutes
REDWOOD CITY, CA--(Marketwired - Apr 18, 2017) - Lastline, a leader in advanced threat protection, and Guidance Software, the makers of EnCase®, the gold standard in forensic security, today announced a strategic partnership and integration, strengthening the EnCase solution while reinforcing Lastline's reputation as the preferred platform for detecting evasive malware. Available immediately, this comprehensive solution integrates Lastline® Enterprise advanced malware protection with EnCase Endpoint Security to rapidly detect, validate, and respond to cyberattacks. Addressing both network-based and endpoint threats, the combination will automate the incident response workflow so that companies can start triaging an advanced cyberattack within minutes instead of days or months.
"Improving incident response workflows is critical as security teams face an ever increasing number of attacks," said Guidance Senior Technical Manager Paul Shomo. "Combining the incident response capability of EnCase Endpoint Security with Lastline's industry-leading advanced malware detection capability will greatly increase the speed with which our customers can respond to security alerts."
With the new integration, Lastline Enterprise immediately shares file- and network-based threat intelligence with EnCase Endpoint Security when it detects advanced malware. EnCase Endpoint Security validates potential threats by enriching the data and providing a threat score that enables security teams to prioritize the response.
"Sophisticated malware is no longer reserved for attacks on large organizations," said Brian Laing, Vice President of Business Development & Products. "The proliferation of advanced and zero-day attacks to include midmarket and in some cases, the SMB market, reinforces the pressing need for enterprise-grade malware protection at all levels of the market. We are excited to partner with Guidance Software as an industry pioneer in rapid detection and response. They are joining an impressive list of market-leading partner companies that, after extensive vetting, identified Lastline as superior to all alternatives for detecting advanced malware."
The unified incident response workflow enables:
Behavior-based detection - Detect advanced and zero-day attacks, such as APT attacks, that signature-based solutions miss.
- Detect advanced and zero-day attacks, such as APT attacks, that signature-based solutions miss. Automated endpoint validation - Ensure high-risk devices get the immediate attention they warrant.
- Ensure high-risk devices get the immediate attention they warrant. A comprehensive view of potentially affected endpoints - Reduce time to remediation by providing security teams with information and context necessary to fully assess the scope of the attack the moment it is first detected.
- Reduce time to remediation by providing security teams with information and context necessary to fully assess the scope of the attack the moment it is first detected. Complete remediation capabilities - Block command and control traffic, kill malicious processes, and wipe offending files to ensure complete, forensic threat remediation.
About Lastline
Lastline is innovating the way companies detect active data breaches that decrease earnings, damage brands and compromise intellectual property. Lastline Enterprise is large organizations' first choice for advanced threat protection and is proven effective at providing visibility into malicious activity caused by advanced persistent threats, targeted attacks, and evasive malware, and into anomalous network traffic that may result from the introduction of infected personal devices. Headquartered in Redwood City, California with offices throughout North America, Europe and Asia, Lastline's platform is used by Global 5000 enterprises, managed security service providers, and leading security vendors worldwide. www.lastline.com
Mandatory Credit: Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports
It's another weekend on WPGC!
Listen all weekend for your chance to win a pair of tickets to check out the Washington Wizards take on the Minnesota Timberwolves.
The game is set for Tuesday, March 13 at the Capital One Arena.
For Tickets & the complete Wizards schedule, click here.
Courtesy of Monumental Sports
For WPGC's general contest rules here
prep fishermen qualify for BASS nationals
Lebanon High freshman Brady Duncan and Mt. Juliet sophomore Mason Huddleston won the high school BASS South Central Regional championship on Old Hickory Lake with 16.9 pounds to receive an automatic berth to the nationals in August.
This 73-year-old granny is a sword-fighting force A 73-year-old Indian woman, Meenakshi Raghavan, is no ordinary grandmother. Nicknamed “Sword Granny,” Meenakshi has been practicing martial arts for 66 years. She uses her skills to fight in front of huge...
Take A Surreal Trip Down Memory Lane With 'I Am Your Grandma' With advances in technology come advances in the keepsakes that grandparents leave to their offspring. Forget rings and letters and photographs, our children's children will have video evidence that we were just...
“I do not like stuff,” says Deborah Berke, founder of the 32-year-old Deborah Berke Partners in New York, which handles both interior and exterior commisions for luxury hospitality, residential and...
Macy's plans to turn hundreds of its own employees into fashion influencers for its brand.
The program, called the Macy's Style Crew, started as a small group of Macy's staff. Now the company is asking for applications from current employees in its corporate offices and stores who want to be fashion influencers on social media this spring, Macy's executive vice president of fashion, Cassandra Jones, told BuzzFeed News.
"When you're looking at a fashion blogger — who I love — they're very limited in niche," Jones told BuzzFeed News. "What's cool about opening it up is we have people all over the country that have incredible style or unique style ... that can make them unique influencers in their community."
Macy's will offer "tiers and rewards" to influencers in the program as credit for online sales. But the payment tiers have not been confirmed, said Jones.
The company is prepared to roll out anywhere between a "few hundred to a couple thousand" influencers, she said. While Macy's is currently only taking internal applications for influencer positions, it plans to open the program to people outside of the company once it has finalized the program.
"It's game-changing as it moves along," said Jones.
Experimental feature Listen to this article Play audio for this article Pause 00:00 00:00 Experimental feature Report a mispronounced word What was mispronounced? Optional: help us by adding the time Submit Thank you for your help! or Give us your feedback Thank you for your feedback. What do you think? I‘ll use it in the future
I don‘t think I‘ll use it Please tell us why (optional) Send Feedback
Since Donald Trump became US president in January, lawyers and judges across the country have been drawn into a series of highly charged political battles, frequently on issues of religion and race. These have gained even greater prominence by being played out on social media by the “tweeter-in-chief”, as in the tweet below, 24-hour news and late-night talk shows.
Battle was joined almost as soon as Mr Trump entered the White House with one of his first executive orders, on January 27, barring entry into the US for the citizens of seven Muslim-majority countries. The legal reaction was instant, with lawyers heading to airports to help those affected, the president firing his acting US attorney-general Sally Yates, after she ordered the justice department not to enforce the ban, and judges from several states blocking the order.
Mr Trump issued a second order on March 6, this time affecting citizens from six nations. Led by Neal Katyal, a former acting solicitor-general in the Obama administration, a team at Hogan Lovells quickly decided they wanted to challenge the move, but with the unusual strategy of using a US state as plaintiff. The attorney-general of Hawaii, the state with the largest proportion of multiracial Americans, filed a lawsuit against ban number two, saying the president had acted unconstitutionally and in violation of US immigration laws. On March 16 a Hawaii federal judge blocked Mr Trump's revised order.
The battle continues. The US president has made a third attempt at a travel ban, which was blocked in October by the same Hawaii judge.
This wave of “legal resistance” has made some people uneasy that US judges and other legal professionals are stepping beyond their remit — a point referred to obliquely by Neil Gorsuch, who was picked by Mr Trump as a Supreme Court justice, when he said in a recent speech: “In our legal system judges wear robes, not capes.”
Mr Katyal is unrepentant. “Law firms and all members of the profession have [an] obligation to protect all those who need a voice and need protection,” he says. “The system of checks and balances only works when you have people willing to fight for them.”
The legal sector's tussles with the Trump administration go beyond travel bans and corresponding legal challenges. The president has also been criticised for his choice of federal judges, on grounds of suitability and diversity. His attempt to bar openly transgender people from serving in the military has been blocked, as has his executive order seeking to defund “sanctuary cities”, which aim to protect undocumented immigrants from deportation.
Against a backdrop of heightened racial tensions in the US — which also frequently manifested themselves during the Obama administration — other lawyers have fought their own battles. In 2015 Cooley joined a case against the authorities of the Californian city of Escondido, which had refused a non-profit housing programme a permit to run a home for unaccompanied migrant children, many of them fleeing violence and persecution in Central America.
In our legal system, judges wear robes, not capes
Along with the American Civil Liberties Union and others, Cooley claimed the city was using zoning and land use rules as a pretext to discriminate against the children. In March 2017 Escondido agreed to pay $550,000 to settle the case without admission of liability, an outcome the ACLU said sent a message “that such discriminatory practices will not go unchallenged”.
In Arizona, a similar case was decided after a seven-year battle, when Weil, Gotshal & Manges challenged the state of Arizona's ban on ethnic studies in public schools. The ban was enforced only against a Mexican-American studies programme in Tucson. Weil joined the legal battle in September 2015, arguing that the state's official reasons for the ban were pretexts for discriminatory views and were anti-constitutional. In August, an Arizona judge found that former state officials had been motivated by “anti-Mexican-American attitudes” and racial animus — a rare ruling for a court to make.
Such divisions have given a fresh impetus to a longstanding tradition of pro bono legal work.
In 2008 Chubb, the world's largest publicly listed property and casualty insurer by market capitalisation, set up its Rule of Law fund, which has provided more than $800,000 in grants to projects focused on access to legal advice, support for the judiciary in emerging markets, legislation drafting and combating crime including corruption and money laundering.
It also supports a fellowship for graduate students of the University of Pennsylvania law school.
It supported a report, published in August, by the Juvenile Law Center in the US into the practice of holding youth inmates in solitary confinement, and guidance developed by the International Committee of Jurists for judges in Africa on organised cross-border crime.
“Almost all our lawyers [around the world] could get involved in local pro bono work that is core to their own personal interests,” says Nicola Port, international counsel at Chubb. “It is fundamental to our vocation as lawyers to believe in and support the rule of law.”
Share Article Facebook
Twitter
Email You are free to share this article under the Attribution 4.0 International license. Follow Futurity RSS
Twitter
Facebook
Newsletter
Discovery of an ancient jawbone on a dig in central Mexico suggests that otters began a migration across America around 6 million years ago.
“I thought it was a badger,” says Jack Tseng, , assistant professor of pathology and anatomical sciences at the University at Buffalo, “but a colleague on the site had just finished a study of otters, and he said it was sea otter-like. But what would a sea otter be doing in central Mexico?”
It turns out the otter may have been part of an immigration event from Florida to California. Based on the discovery, Tseng and colleagues propose a new east-west passage for the otter, and potentially other mammals, along the northern edge of the Trans-Mexican Volcanic Belt, which runs across the country at the latitude of Mexico City.
“This is an entirely new idea that no one else has proposed,” Tseng says. “We think it's very likely other animals utilized this route.”
Like many breakthroughs, this one came from a fortunate tiny detail. The jawbone held several teeth.
“One tooth was a lower first molar, the most diagnostic tooth in a carnivore,” Tseng says. “If we are lucky enough to find a fossil molar tooth that is complete, there is a lot of useful information.”
The tooth was almost identical to a tooth from another Enhydritherium terraenovae (an ancient sea otter) fossil found in Florida. Similar finds had only been made along the coasts, in Florida and California, but paleontologists did not know how the animals got across the continent. One hypothesis was that they moved up and around through northern Canada, an 8,000-kilometer trip. Another was they made it down to Panama and crossed over to the west.
A rare find
As reported in the journal Biology Letters, the possibility of an east-west migratory route in Mexico in the Miocene geologic epoch (roughly 23 million to 5.3 million years ago) has implications for a much larger biologic event—the Great American Biotic Interchange, when land bridges formed and animals dispersed to and from North America and South America. It shows that the region's fossil sites could have recorded details of this biological interchange of historic proportions.
“Compared to the US, Mexico is a blank slate in terms of paleontology,” Tseng says. The region is difficult to work in because of the topography and flora, like cactus. So not many long-term field projects exist there.
“This is the beginning of the study. Now that we have this evidence of these animals moving through Mexico, we can now look for evidence of other animals doing the same.”
Adolfo Pacheco-Castro, a PhD student at the Universidad Nacional Autonoma de Mexico, Centro de Geociencias, and an author of the study, found the jawbone at the dig site in the Juchipila Basin, about 535 miles southeast of Laredo, Texas. The bone was taken to the university in Mexico, cleaned off, and studied.
“We compared it to the original tooth from Florida, based on the cusps and the size, it couldn't be anything else,” Tseng says. The fossils in Florida are older than those in California, so researchers speculate that immigrations went east to west.
Why travel?
“Animals tend to expand their range when and where there is opportunity,” Tseng says. “As in when there is a geographic connection to suitable habitats. So as populations expand their range, they can move across a continent, or even between continents.”
The Miocene-Pliocene transitional period was a time of disturbance, Tseng says. The plains of America would have been like Africa, with many large mammals. But the first ice age was approaching.
Many large mammals perished in the ice age from environmental and anthropogenic causes, but relatives of the smaller Enhydritherium—about the size of a small to medium dog—survived into modern times and still live around central Mexico today.
“We are aware it is a single discovery,”Tseng says. “It essentially opens up a can of worms. We are throwing a different factor in. We now have a connection between Florida and California, and it's not in a straight line.”
Source: Grove Potter for University at Buffalo
BEAVERCREEK — Operation: Street Smart, free adult drug education and training, is coming to Day Springs Ministry Church, 3182 Rodenbeck Drive, 8 a.m. to 3:30 p.m. Friday, June 1.
Interested participants should RSVP to Day Springs at 937-431-1859. Free lunch will be provided.
“Education is a key component of overcoming the opiate crisis in our area. Empower yourself — attend this free training. You will not regret it,” Lynne Carroll, who has been facilitating addiction education classes at the church, said.
Franklin County Sheriff's Office developed the program in July 2002 as a way to take community-oriented policing to a new level. Street Smart is a collaboration between D.A.R.E. and the Special Investigations Unit, the sheriff's office's undercover narcotics branch. To date, Operation: Street Smart has been presented over 1,500 times to over 150,000 people throughout Ohio and the United States. In May 2004, the program received the F.B.I. Director's Community Leadership Award.
Street Smart provides current and up-to-date narcotics information on trends, terminology, paraphernalia, concealment techniques, and physiological effects to individuals, especially to those who work with youth. Often, DARE and school resource officers, juvenile detectives, school administrators and school board members, teachers, and parents attend the sessions, along with other organizations that interact with juveniles regularly.
Three current and former undercover detectives will conduct the Street Smart presentation.
Raffle continues
Community members are also encouraged to buy a raffle ticket to support the Awareness, Choice and Truth (ACT) addiction education class and ministry program.
Buyers have the chance to win a three-year lease on a 2018 Hyundai Elantra SE, with credit approval, or the choice of $7,500 in cash. Taxes, title, fees and insurance become the responsibility of the winner.
Tickets can be purchased at Day Springs Ministry Church; Classic Country Radio, 23 E. Second St., Xenia, 866-372-3531; or Superior Hyundai, 2170 Heller Drive, Beavercreek, 888-320-6489.
A total of 300 tickets will be sold, each for $50. The winning ticket will be drawn and announced on Classic Country Radio when tickets are sold out. Weekly updates will be announced and can also be found on the church's website, www.dayspring.cc.
The addiction education class is held 5:30-7:15 p.m. on Saturdays at Day Springs Ministry Church, 3182 Rodenbeck Drive. The next session begins Saturday, June 23. The class is offered for people struggling with addiction issues and people who want to know how to help a struggling loved one.
Interested persons can register for the program series by calling the church at 937-431-1859. Persons can leave their name and number to register. Classes are free; a meal is provided.
By Anna Bolton abolton@aimmediamidwest.com
Contact Anna Bolton at 937-502-4498 or follow @annadbolton on Facebook.
Contact Anna Bolton at 937-502-4498 or follow @annadbolton on Facebook.
OK, fitness seekers, it's a new year. Whether you are new to the gym or a veteran exerciser, it's time to update that fitness bag.
There are a few things that should be staples for every exerciser and then, there are extras that can help enhance your workout experience.
A good starting point for any exerciser is to carry a towel and water bottle.
Jason Minich, owner of Catalyst Fitness, located at 2488 Getz Road and 203 E. Berry St., also suggests such basics as gym clothes, shoes to workout in, a sports bra, a plastic bag to keep your wet or sweaty clothes in, toiletries – such as travel-size shampoo, body wash and soap, shower shoes, deodorant, toothpaste and toothbrush and a hairbrush or comb.
He says when it comes to clothes, make sure they are comfortable and non-restrictive. In the winter, he says to bring a clean pair of gym shoes to change into as wet, snow and salt-covered shoes are bad for exercise equipment.
You should also include hair ties or headbands, a lock for your locker and a snack, such as a granola bar or banana. “I think it's important to keep an extra protein bar handy in your gym bag in case you have a busy day and forget to eat before heading to the gym,” Minich says by email. “You don't want to workout without having eaten all day.”
As far as extras, Minich says to fill a plastic bag with “just-in-case items,” such as tampons, blister pads, bandages, pain reliever and a razor.
“Not all gyms are great at having complimentary toiletries available … and when the time comes where you may need something … you will wish you had it,” Minich says.
Tomas Leal with Spiece Fitness always carries a towel to bring into the workout area, a bigger towel if he wants to take a shower, a water bottle, his MP3 player (including case) and an extra pair of earphones.
“That's a good roundout for anyone who is new,” Leal says.
He also wears a wristband to hold his key so he won't lose it while he is working out.
For veteran exercisers, Leal suggests packing a couple different size resistance bands, weightlifting gloves and hooks for weightlifting.
You can also throw in a heart-rate monitor to help you maximize your workout.
And finally, make sure you give your bag a regular cleaning.
Minich says it is important to completely empty your gym bag each night and clean out the dirty, wet clothes and let the bag air out overnight.
To be ready for your workout the next day, Minich says to get your items ready and set them next to your bag for easy and quick packing the next morn-ing.
trich@jg.net
Stop worrying about your career situation and your finances and focus on what makes you happy. Most likely that is your home life and your family. Spend time with the people who mean most to you today and soon you'll be smiling again.
× KC Forum: Divorce, Kids & Cars, Seniors
2018-11
In this week's KC Forum we learn about a seminar for young people who are going through a divorce. There is a new concept of housing for the elderly and it is
meant to make the seniors feel at home. “Kids & Cars” gives us an update on the latest work they are doing to keep kids safe.
Executive Producer Cadie Connors
Associate Producer Andreina Byrne
Engineer Ed Walker
Voice Doug Medlock
Music The Elders, http://www.eldersmusic.com
Dairy Foods acknowledges the following individuals and companies who contributed information for this article: Christian Thommen, USA fluid handling product manager, Alfa Laval Inc. (US); Chris Sinutko, global product manager - valves, food & beverage, SPX Flow; Jeff Sporer, global product sales manager – pumps and valves, SPX Flow Technology – Food and Beverage; Zach Suardini, application engineer, Fristam Pumps USA; Scott Lodermeier, Powder Process-Solutions; Steve Eckard, field service manager, and Jeff Tocio, national sales manager, Pentair.
Question 1. What does it mean when manufacturers say their pumps are “gentle on products?”
“Gentle on products” relates to the amount of shear a pump inputs into a product. A gentle pump has a low shear. This is important because shear has the potential to change viscosity or other fluid properties. If there are particulates in the product, shear might reduce their size.
Higher-viscosity dairy products like cheese and yogurt are sensitive to shear. Cheesemakers want a pump that can provide high flow rates yet also be gentle on the product in order to limit the fines produced when transferring the curd.
In receiving bays in fluid milk plants, a low-speed (1,750 rpm) centrifugal pump is typical due to high flow rates (1,000+ gallons per minute). This dramatically decreases the amount of shear exhibited on the product.
Question 2. What are the different kinds of pumps, and what are they best for?
Positive displacement (PD) pumps move fluid by trapping a fixed amount in a cavity or pocket and transferring it from the suction side to the discharge side. In theory, this means there is no shear. In reality, some of the product will slip back. The amount of “slip” determines the efficiency of the pump. The more efficient the pump, the less shear there is; meaning the pump will maintain product integrity with gentle handling.
Centrifugal pumps use a rotating impeller that accelerates the fluid as it enters the pump inlet and is forced to the outer impeller diameter before exiting through the discharge port or volute. Such pumps are a cost-effective and easily maintained solution but their effectiveness is limited to lower viscosity fluids; typically less than 500cP. This pump has a relatively high shear effect.
As the viscosity of the fluid increases, the efficiency of a centrifugal pump decreases dramatically. Centrifugal pumps are used throughout the process to transfer low viscous fluid, typically milk, from one destination to another.
Liquid ring pumps are a version of centrifugal pumps and are used when self-priming or re-priming is needed. This could include processes where a vessel is completely emptied or the product has a lot of entrained air within it. Whereas a standard centrifugal pump would become air locked and not be able to re-start, liquid ring pumps maintain a level of liquid within them so they can continue to run.
They are often used in clean-in-place (CIP) return applications, which generates a lot of foam. Liquid ring pumps make good CIP return pumps, especially for tanks and milk silos. There are some drawbacks. They can be noisy and they require higher horsepower motors to generate the required CIP return flow rates.
Positive rotary pumps include lobe, external circumferential piston or screw pumps. They are typically used to move products of higher viscosities (>500cP) without losing the efficiency of the pumping design. They typically have lower shear than a centrifugal pump and so impart less energy into a product, helping to protect desirable properties and characteristics. Positive rotary pumps are often the choice when gentle handling is needed.
Piston pumps generate very high pressures, much higher than centrifugal and positive rotary pumps. Pressures of 100 bar (15,000 psi) are not uncommon from piston pumps. They can be used to run very low flow rates and very high pressures. One application is for metering an additional ingredient or flavor into a product at very low flow rates with high accuracy, consistency and volumetric efficiency.
Piston pumps also are used on homogenizers, where pressures of around 2,000 to 5,000 psi are needed to achieve efficient blending and narrow particle distribution. The high pressure this pump can operate at makes it ideal for moving product across long distances or pushing flows through equipment with high differential pressures, such as tubular heat exchangers.
Question 3. What about valves and their uses?
Hygienic standards in the dairy industry are higher than for general food and beverage applications. Hygienic design and certification for any valve in contact with a dairy product must meet the regulatory requirements of the Pasteurized Milk Ordinance (PMO), 3-A SSI or EHEDG (a European standard).
Dairies use a wide variety of valves, including mix-proof, single-seat, butterfly, regulating, flow diversion, tank outlet valves, check valves, air eliminators, air blow check valve, regulating valves and sample valves.
Single-seat valves are most commonly used in shut-off, divert and tank outlet applications.
Mix-proof valves are double-seat valves used to separate two different fluids, such as CIP and milk in one body, thus allowing continuous processing for the plant. This is done by creating an atmospheric break between the two independently operated seats.
Flow control (throttling) valves are used where either flow rate or pressure needs to be regulated.
In plants with a pasteurizer/HTST system, the flow diversion valve is used at the end of the holding tube and either diverts flow back to the balance tank or diverts it to forward flow, if the pasteurizing requirements, such as temperature setting, are met. In a dairy plant this is considered by most as the cutoff point between raw and pasteurized milk. For that reason the valves are inspected on a regular basis. Part of the inspection includes ensuring the control top is properly reading the position of the valve seat within one-eighth of an inch.
Regulating valves provide control of product and CIP.
Ball valves are not considered hygienic and so are not used in dairy processing. In the United States, butterfly valves are not used with dairy products.
Aseptic process lines require valves designed for this duty. They must prevent contaminants entering the product and help keep the process sterile.
The full range of hygienic valves is used with liquid dairy products. Liquid dairy processing does not require any special valve options as may be required by more viscous products, such as cheese, yogurt and ice cream. In these applications, it is important to protect the integrity of the fluid with gentle handling and to reduce pressure drops across the valves. Valves used in these higher viscosity processes tend to have longer stroke actuators, which reduce pressure drop and shear on the product.
Cheese curd transferred through pipework must be handled gently to ensure minimal shear. Processors must consider valves that can handle particulates. A large open throat provides gentle handling of the curd, and allows particles of up to approximately 1.5 inches to pass unobstructed through the valve.
To handle higher-viscosity products, valves tend to be larger: typically 4 to 6 inches. Additional consideration may also be required for cleaning processes because viscous products can be more difficult to remove from valve internals, requiring specific chemicals and/or higher temperatures. If this is the case, the valve construction materials need to be carefully selected to handle the cleaning process parameters.
The growing demand for whey protein, lactose and milk powders create a new challenge for cheesemakers and other dairy processors. Powder valves are designed for a harsh, abrasive environment.
Question 4. What is a good maintenance protocol for pumps and valves?
Correct maintenance procedures protect the reliability of pumps and valves. Some suppliers provide online video tutorials.
Plant managers need to work closely with their equipment manufacturers to determine maintenance intervals, which are based on the capabilities of pumps and values and on the process demands.
It is up to the plant manager to plan regular downtimes for maintenance. A preventative maintenance strategy can help optimize maintenance scheduling while avoiding unexpected or unnecessary shutdown.
The plant manager can understand the rate of wear by making regular inspections of the equipment and taking the time to become familiar with the flow, pressure and noise levels of units when they are operating normally. This will enable equipment operators to be aware of any changes in these parameters. They can provide early warning of any potential issues.
Having the correct spare parts on hand is also vital to efficient maintenance. Having complete spare valve inserts allow the internals of the valve to be replaced quickly and to get production back up and running. Technicians can then take their time to ensure the failed insert is repaired correctly for future use.
Question 5. What is a good protocol for cleaning and sanitizing pumps and valves?
While it depends upon the application, equipment makers generally advise plant managers to undertake cleaning and sanitizing as soon after production as possible and before products have dried inside the equipment. It is also a good practice to rinse the line first to remove residue and larger particles.
Cleaning or sanitizing solution should be used at the correct flow rate, temperature and pressure for the application before a final rinse is carried out. Valves should be pulsed to make sure any residue under the seats is flushed away. Set the pulsing rate to the minimum to assure effective cleaning.
For sticky products (or those that use sticky ingredients), ask the supplier to recommend best practices with regards to the valve design. Also, it is important to work with cleaning chemical suppliers to ensure compatibility with gasket materials.
The guys argue about the differences between JAY-Z and Nas' investment strategies and the future of cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin.
Subscribe via iTunes.
Also On 101.1 The Wiz:
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Tim Clayton/Corbis via Getty Images(NEW YORK) — One day after Serena Williams made headlines for wearing a “catsuit” on the court at the French Open, the 23-time Grand Slam champion has launched a fashion line of her own.
Called “Serena” and sold exclusively online, pieces range from $35 to $250, according to Women's Wear Daily, and include athleisure wear, dresses, outerwear and more.
Williams told the fashion publication that she wanted to be sure to create a clothing that felt “practical,” but also one that focused on the concept of an s-word, including her name.
“Everyone can have an ‘s' word. Mine is ‘sure.' My mom's is ‘steadfast.' A really good friend of mine who has been through a lot, her ‘s' is ‘survivor,'” Williams explained to WWD. “This is a huge thing that I'm doing right now and a huge undertaking, and I need to be sure. And sometimes even when I walk out onto the court, I'm not sure, I'm not sure I'm going to win. I need to be more sure of myself and more confident in myself. And that's coming from me. And I feel a lot of people can relate to that.”
Williams, 36, has worked in fashion before, having developed lines with HSN and Nike. However, this line is the first one she's done on her own, and she made sure not to rush the process, especially given her evolving personal life. Last September, Williams and her now-husband, Reddit co-founder Alexis Ohanian, welcomed their first child, daughter Alexis Olympia Ohanian Jr.
“At one point I was going to come out with it in November before I got married, and I remember thinking, ‘I don't want to do that because I want to be able to enjoy my honeymoon and enjoy the wedding,' so we just kept putting it off and changing and adding, and I'm glad we waited,” she said. “Life is all about timing, right? I just feel now is the right timing. … And with all the movements that are going on with women and young girls standing up and doing marches and talking about #MeToo, and standing up for their own rights — that should be automatically [rights] we have — but enforcing that and saying ‘these are our rights' — it's timing.”
Now, Williams is hoping the clothing resonates with women like her, and inspires those who may need a boost every now and again.
“The customer is a girl or a woman who believes in herself, or wants to believe in herself; maybe she's feeling unconfident that day,” she said. “And someone that is unapologetically themselves, and that maybe they stand out; maybe they stand out because they are strong or they're beautiful or they want to not be the norm. Our woman is someone who looks at fashion as a compass to show who they are, to show what they are.”
Copyright © 2018, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Alberta Farm Animal Care has launched a new livestock welfare research project.
The organization will collect input from the livestock sector via an online survey and focus groups with a final report to be shared with the Alberta government. Producers, industry groups, auctions, processors and students are invited to participate.
The survey is open until Oct. 31 and may be found here.
For further information on which survey version to complete or other aspects of the project, contact Melissa Moggy, livestock welfare engagement project lead, at 403-652-5111 or melissa@afac.ab.ca, or visit the AFAC website at www.afac.ab.ca.
Contact barbara.duckworth@producer.com
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
DUNMORE, Pa. — A Pennsylvania mother and father are charged with endangering the welfare of their two children after knowingly leaving them home alone for three days, investigators said.
Nicole Sciortino and Vincent Licciardello, both 30, were arraigned Monday morning, according to WNEP.
According to court papers, on Wednesday, March 7, Dunmore police responded to Sciortino's home on Monroe Avenue for a report of children who had been left alone for weeks. Licciardello lives at a different address.
When officers arrived, they found a 10-year-old and an 11-year-old home by themselves. Police say the place was in deplorable condition, with food, boxes, pills and other trash on the floor. The thermostat read 58 degrees.
After tracking down the mother of two, police say Sciortino first told them she wasn't far away, but later admitted that she was in Florida. According to the document, she told investigators that the children's father, Licciardello, was watching the kids and that she didn't realize it was against the law to leave her two children home alone unsupervised for an extended period of time. Sciortino added that she “didn't think it was really that bad.”
During the investigation, police found that on Monday, March 5, Licciardello dropped the kids off early in the morning at their mother's home. Over the next three days, while their mother was in Florida, he would occasionally stop by to drop food off for the unsupervised children.
Authorities say they believe the children were alone during their mother's vacation, but not for weeks, as the 911 caller alleged. Police say one child has missed 16 days of school this year, while the other has missed 26 days.
“That hurts. I'm a mom of five kids. I couldn't imagine leaving my kids for 10 minutes without an adult supervisor,” said Tamra Murphy. “Who's feeding them, who's washing their clothes, who's making sure their homework is done? That upsets me beyond it. That hurts me.”
“That's insane to me,” said Kaylia Riley. “I mean, at the end of the day, I couldn't even leave my dogs for three days by themselves, let alone children, especially small children. It's just mind-blowing.”
Sciortino and Licciardello were both charged Monday with endangering the welfare of children. Both were given $10,000 unsecured bail, so both walked free.
Investigators said the two children are staying with family friends.
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Best Snowy Destinations For A Cozy Cottage GetawayFrom the moderately priced to over the top, here are five of the best snowy destinations to stay this year for a cozy cottage getaway
MSP Airport Flight Operations Return To Normal Operations are back to normal at Minneapolis-St. Paul International Airport after gusty winds on Monday disrupted flight schedules.
Saving Space: How To Pack Your Bulky Winter ClothingFive suggestions on how to avoid baggage fees by packing all of your winter clothing in a single carry on and personal item
5 Best U.S. Cities To Ring In 2017Five of the best American cities to celebrate when the clock strikes twelve.
Harikrishnan – The Writer Of Odiyan
National Award-winning scriptwriter Harikrishnan, who has penned the script for movies like Kutty Srank, Swapaanam etc., has penned the script of this much awaited Mohanlal starrer as well. Most recently, the writer opened up about the birth of the story Odiyan, in an interview given to On Manorama.
The Birth Of Odiyan
He mentioned that this particular question got registered on his mind as well and it was in fact the word 'last', which had triggered the idea of making the movie. He also stated that it was producer Antony Perumbavoor who gave the team the freedom to conceive the film as big as possible.
Steven Spielberg And Odiyan
Harikrishnan is a journalist by profession and he used to take classes for journalism students. The writer opened up in the interview that once as a test of creativity he had assigned a topic to the students for the preparation of a feature copy and the topic was if Steven Spielberg came to Palakkad to visit the last Odiyan.
The Last Odiyan
In Odiyan, Mohanlal will be seen portraying a character named Manikyan, who is the last known Odiyan in the film. Apart from Mohanlal, the film also features Prakash Raj, Manju Warrier, Narain, Manoj Joshi etc., in important roles.
Best Ways To Celebrate World Humanitarian Day In MinnesotaWorld Humanitarian Day honors the selfless efforts of men and women who dedicate and give their lives in the service of others. Since 2009, World Humanitarian Day has been commemorated on August 19. In Minnesota, this significant day will be celebrated with summer charity events and volunteerism.
Iran's parliament voted Sunday to increase funding for the country's military forces and ballistic missile program, the country's latest response to the renewed pressure of sanctions leveled by President Donald Trump.
Source:: World News
Why it matters to you It's not every day you can see an inspiring, Oscar-nominated film in theaters for free, but here's your chance.
They say nothing is free in life, but Fox and AMC Theatres are here to prove you wrong. The two have teamed up to offer free Hidden Figures screenings in 14 cities in honor of Black History Month, Variety reports. The screenings will be held on February 18.
The combination of movie and month is, not surprisingly, perfect. Hidden Figures is based on the true story of three African-American women working at NASA as mathematicians in the 1960s. At the height of the Space Race, the trio played a key role in multiple missions, including Project Mercury, the program that made John Glenn the first American to orbit the Earth.
More: Twitter's new bot offers Black History Month facts, GIFs, and events guide
The groundbreaking mathematicians, Dorothy Vaughan, Katherine Johnson, and Mary Jackson, are played by Octavia Spencer, Taraji P. Henson, and Janelle Monae, respectively. With her portrayal of Dorothy, Spencer earned herself an Oscar nod for best supporting actress. The Ted Melfi-directed film also stars Mahershala Ali, Kirsten Dunst, and Kevin Kostner.
Hidden Figures has been a box office surprise since it opened on December 25, outperforming its forecasts and reaching more than $144.75 million in ticket sales at the time of this writing. The film's success hasn't just been commercial, either. It has also received critical acclaim and is nominated for three Academy Awards, including best picture.
“The storytelling and message that Hidden Figures carries is endearing and inspiring, and based on the remarkable community support this movie has received,” AMC's Elizabeth Frank said, according to Variey. “We have witnessed firsthand the powerful impact it is having on audiences.”
So far, free screenings are scheduled in Atlanta, Baltimore, the Bronx, Charlotte, Chicago, Dallas, Detroit, Los Angeles, New Orleans, Philadelphia, Oakland, St. Louis, Miami, and Washington, D.C. However, Fox and AMC Theatres are also inviting school and community groups as well as nonprofits to apply to hold special screenings. Tickets can be reserved in advance here so you don't miss out.
The school converted the elementary gym into five new classrooms, including an art studio, a prekindergarten classroom and three other typical classrooms. The middle school gym was converted into two new science labs and a full-size band room. There is a new gymnasium with a stage for musical and drama productions, as well as four new classrooms. A new entrance and administrative area was created with a grand lobby and teacher work area. Lastly, the school received a new playground with a walking track.
“What a day,” said Wilson County Director of Schools Donna Wright. “This has been a monumental task and really sort of the crown at the end. We have been through a building program the likes of which I don't know that anyone's experienced in a long time.”
The school board made renovations at Carroll-Oakland School, Tuckers Crossroads School, Gladeville Elementary School and Watertown Elementary School. The Southside Elementary School renovations were the last to be completed.
“This is sort of the culminating event here at Southside,” said Wright. “No one could even begin to imagine the magnitude other than the people who have been living it.”
Board of Education chairman Larry Tomlinson thanked Wilson County citizens for their help in improving the schools.
“This is an over $70 million investment that our county – that you all – have made into our school system,” said Tomlinson. “You may see [board members'] names on the plaque when you come in the gym, but you all – the teachers, the staff the parents – are what makes this school system what it is.”
Members of the school's Beta Club provided tours to everyone present of the new hallways and classrooms after brief closing remarks from Wilson County Mayor Randall Hutto.
“To have a progressive school system, you have to have leaders who are willing to make a difference and take a stand,” said Hutto. “This group of board of education members, along with faculty, has done just that – not just here at Southside, but all across the county.”
Jeremy Kessler, 33, surrendered just before noon at his home in Crosby, where officers had been stationed since 3 a.m. after a 911 caller reported multiple gunshots coming from the house.
No one was injured, and Kessler was taken into custody without incident, Chief Deputy Rob Melby of the Divide County Sheriff's Office said.
Official charges have yet to be filed by the Divide County State's Attorney's Office.
As of Tuesday afternoon, it was still unclear why Keller, who was alone in his house in northwest Crosby, allegedly began firing.
A neighbor said gunshots continued throughout the early morning hours after six shots were heard initially, along with someone yelling.
“He emptied a full mag,” Huntter Lacey, who lives next door to Kessler, said.
Police issued an emergency notification to surrounding residents, but did not order evacuations, Melby said.
“We told them to shelter in place,” he said.
Both the elementary and high school in Crosby were put on lockdown as well, according to Divide County School Superintendent Sherlock Hirning. The alert was lifted around 11:15 a.m. when police notified administrators that Kessler was in custody.
The incident prompted a response from the U.S. Border Patrol, the North Dakota Highway Patrol, the Burke County Sheriff's Office, Bureau of Criminal Investigation, several deputies from the Williams County Sheriff's Office and members of the Minot SWAT team, who surrounded the home before Kessler came out.
Investigators from the Divide County Sheriff's Office and the Bureau of Criminal Investigation spent hours Tuesday afternoon combing through the small house and inspecting the surrounding property, including the exterior of other houses nearby.
Agents removed a number of rifles from the residence, along with what appeared to be ammunition boxes.
Gain access to global coverage from local journalists on the ground in 50+ countries working around the clock to break news, analyze, spot risks and opportunities.
Join over 300,000 Finance professionals who already subscribe to the FT.
Blog: IIoT expands the maintenance maturity model
Analytics, remote monitoring enabled by IIoT enable new, more effective maintenance strategies that move users from reactive or condition-based to predictive and prescriptive maintenance
With the emergence of Industrial IoT (IIoT), collecting data from equipment is moving from paper-based, manual inspections to automated systems. This improves both data quality and quantity. IIoT-enabled remote asset monitoring also dramatically expands the number and variety of parameters that can be monitored cost effectively. Combined with today's more advanced analytics, these data enable industrial organizations to implement new, more effective maintenance strategies to progress further along on the maturity continuum from reactive, to preventive, too condition-based to predictive, and – ultimately – to prescriptive maintenance. With higher maintenance maturity, comes broader business benefits that go beyond reducing…
Volkswagen is trying yet again to turn the page after its emissions cheating scandal — leaving diesel behind in favor of electric cars.
The major shift comes as the German automaker — the world's largest in terms of cars sold — has a new leader in Herbert Diess.
The company admitted to installing "cheat devices" that covered up how polluting its diesel vehicles were. Michael Horn, who was then the CEO of Volkswagen Group of America, took to a Brooklyn stage in 2015 for what would be the first of many apologies by company leaders.
"Our company was dishonest with the EPA and the California Air Resources Board and with all of you," Horn said. "And in my German words, we have totally screwed up."
To fix the "screw-up," VW has paid more than $20 dollars in fines and settlements. There are still ongoing investigations in Europe. Last week, German authorities raided the headquarters of Porsche (a Volkswagen subsidiary) on suspicion of fraud and the manipulation of diesel emissions tests.
Jake Fisher, director of auto testing at Consumer Reports, says the time was almost perfect for VW to steer its business in a new direction.
"They needed to really walk away from diesel," he says. Before the diesel scandal, he says, the company didn't seem that interested in electric cars or fuel economy.
VW had an electric car, the e-Golf, but Fisher says it was just window dressing. "They took a Volkswagen Golf, they put some batteries in it and really just did it so ... they could have an electric car," he says.
In many ways, the diesel scandal allowed VW to pivot, he says. It was too heavily invested in diesel technology — and had been for years.
Considering the other brands Volkswagen owns, including Bentley, Porsche or Lamborghini, performance and style have often trumped fuel economy. But that has begun to change.
Matthias Erb, VW's chief engineering officer in North America, says that nearly every brand and segment of the company will get some sort of electric offering.
"Electrification is going to be the powertrain of the future," he says. He admits that as terrible as the VW diesel scandal was for the company, it "supported and accelerated those conversion processes in the direction of electrification."
Joel Levin with Plug In America, a group that advocates for electric car owners, is skeptical about VW's plans.
"All the things that they're talking about and the investments that they're making sound very exciting, but I want to see the cars come out," Levin says. He notes that most major automakers are "talking about making big investments and moving to electric."
Levin has two words for Volkswagen and the others: "Show me."
President Muhammadu Buhari says government was aware of some “mistakes and wrongdoings”in the handling of the affairs of those displaced by Boko Haram insurgency in the North-East. “We are taking measures to correct those mistakes and punish the culprits,” Buhari vowed in his address to the nation this morning to mark the new year.
The Secretary to the Government of the Federation (SGF), Mr. Lawal Babachir, has been at the centre of a probe by the Senate which alleged that funds earmarked for the welfare of the IDPs were improperly handled. Specifically, Babachir was accused of awarding a contract to a firm in which he allegedly has interest. “Government is aware of some mistakes and wrongdoings in handling the affairs of IDPs.
We are taking measures to correct those mistakes and punish the culprits”, the President said. “Our determination to wrestle corruption to the ground remains unshaken. This fight, which will be guided by respect for the rule of law and due process, will not spare anybody or organ of government. It is a collective undertaking and resolve that must be seen to its logical conclusion in spite of certain distractions.
The fate of our country lies partly in the success of this campaign. It will be unthinkable on my part to allow the boat of this crucial campaign promise capsize mid-stream.” On the return of those displaced by the Boko Haram insurgency to their homes, Buhari said: the joyful return of thousands of Internally Displaced Persons (IDPs) to Damasak town in Borno State, following the reopening of Maiduguri/Gubio/Damasak road in Northern Borno on December 25, 2016, reassured us that the voluntary return of IDPs in other parts of the country is imminent.
“The Federal Government will spare no effort in seeing to the resettlement and rehabilitation of the unfortunate victims of terrorism and insurgency. I urge state governments, privileged Nigerians, donor agencies and countries to redouble their contributions towards this goal”.
He, however, expressed joy at the return of Internal Displaced Persons (IDPs) to their homes in Damasak, Borno State on December 25, 2016, saying the development reassured that the voluntary return of IDPs in other parts of the country was imminent.
Overlooked Bayonne, NJ, finally gets its building boom When Jason Tsay and Michael Suchocki left artsy Chelsea for sleepy Bayonne, they thought the New Jersey city was on the cusp of a real estate renaissance. Turns out they...
How George R.R. Martin got his 'Game' on The scene is 1950s New York City — but the view is from the New Jersey side, in gritty, hardscrabble Bayonne, where a longshoreman's young son gazes longingly from his...
Shahrukh Khan IN, Aamir Khan out from Rakesh Sharma's Biopic; Here's why | FilmiBeat
Sometime ago, it was reported that Aamir Khan has come onboard to play the role of Indian astronaut Rakesh Sharma in his biopic.
However, here's some news that might be shattering for all his fans. The grapevine is abuzz with rumors that the superstar has walked out of the film due to creative differences. Scroll down to read details...
The Film Was Supposed To Go On Floors After 'Thugs Of Hindostan A Deccan Chronicle report quoted an insider as saying, When Siddharth Roy Kapur launched his own production house, one project that he had announced, was based on the life of astronaut Rakesh Sharma and the shooting was to go on the floors only after 'Thugs Of Hindostan' was complete." Aamir Khan's Exit "It was a 2018 release. Aamir was approached to play Rakesh Sharma, in a conversation started with Siddharth way back in 2016, but the star is not doing the film anymore." He Wasn't Convinced With The Script "They were developing the script but Aamir did not like the way it finally shaped up. Everybody knows that his script sense is brilliant so in that form, so if he does not like a script there has to be something wrong with it. And while he's very fond of Siddharth, Aamir is not someone who will do a film if he's not 100 percent convinced of it." Better Safe Than Sorry "He discussed this with the creative team and conveyed his decision to them. Siddharth understood Aamir's reasons as he knows that's how the Aamir works." Shahrukh Khan To Step Into Aamir's Shoes? Although names like Ranveer Singh and Ranbir Kapoor are doing the rounds, we hear that Shahrukh Khan is a leading contender for this role. SRK To Reunite With PeeCee Meanwhile, rumours are strong that Priyanka Chopra has been roped in to play the role of Rakesh Sharma's wife.
Will we get to see Shahrukh Khan and Priyanka Chopra reuniting on screen after a long time? Let's wait and watch.
Leonard's 37 points lead Spurs by Grizzlies 96-82
hello
Memphis Grizzlies center Marc Gasol (33) scores over San Antonio Spurs forward LaMarcus Aldridge (12) during the first half in Game 2 of a first-round NBA basketball playoff series, Monday, April 17, 2017, in San Antonio. Associated Press
San Antonio Spurs head coach Gregg Popovich talks to his players during the first half in Game 2 of a first-round NBA basketball playoff series against the Memphis Grizzlies, Monday, April 17, 2017, in San Antonio. Associated Press
Memphis Grizzlies guard Vince Carter (15) is held by teammate Brandan Wright (34) after he was called for a technical foul during the first half in Game 2 of a first-round NBA basketball playoff series against the San Antonio Spurs, Monday, April 17, 2017, in San Antonio. Associated Press
San Antonio Spurs guard Manu Ginobili (20) drives around Memphis Grizzlies guard Vince Carter (15) during the second half in Game 2 of a first-round NBA basketball playoff series, Monday, April 17, 2017, in San Antonio. Associated Press
San Antonio Spurs forward Kawhi Leonard (2) shoots over Memphis Grizzlies guard Vince Carter (15) during the second half in Game 2 of a first-round NBA basketball playoff series, Monday, April 17, 2017, in San Antonio. Associated Press
San Antonio Spurs forward Kawhi Leonard (2) shoots over Memphis Grizzlies center Marc Gasol (33) during the second half in Game 2 of a first-round NBA basketball playoff series, Monday, April 17, 2017, in San Antonio. Associated Press
SAN ANTONIO -- Kawhi Leonard had a postseason career-high 37 points and added 11 rebounds and the San Antonio Spurs beat the Memphis Grizzlies 96-82 on Monday night to take a 2-0 lead in their first-round series.
San Antonio led for all but 13 seconds in winning its 10th consecutive postseason game over Memphis.
Leonard finished the game 9 for 14 from the field and was 19 for 19 on free throws.
Tony Parker added 15 points for the Spurs, who had three others score in double figures.
Mike Conley scored 24 points, Zach Randolph had 18 points and Marc Gasol added 12 points for the Grizzlies.
Game 3 is Thursday night in Memphis.
The Grizzlies forced seven turnovers while outscoring the Spurs 34-19 in the opening 16 minutes of the second half. Conley, Gasol and Randolph accounted for 21 points.
Memphis closed within 75-71 early in the fourth quarter, but San Antonio responded with 3-pointers by Parker and Pau Gasol in rebuilding their double-digit lead.
San Antonio had a better start than in Game 1. Leonard made sure of that.
Leonard opened the game by making his first three shots and four free throws as the Spurs built a 13-point lead, the same deficit they faced in the opening period Saturday.
Unlike Game 1, there was no coming back from that deficit for Memphis.
San Antonio had a 26-point lead in the first half on the strength of its outside shooting. The Spurs only had 12 points in the paint, but got two 3-pointers from Parker and Danny Green, in building a 26-point lead in the first half.
TIP-INS
Grizzlies: Memphis was 2-0 at home against San Antonio in the regular season, winning both games by an 11-point average. ... Vince Carter was assessed with a technical foul in the first half after attempting to head-butt Kyle Anderson. Carter was upset he nearly fell on the opposite end of the court, believing Anderson had pushed him from behind. ... Randolph had his 21st double-double this season and his first of this postseason after being limited to six points and three rebounds in Game 1.
Spurs: LaMarcus Aldridge has scored in double figures in all 12 playoff games with the Spurs. He became the fifth player since 2006 to score 1,000 points in his first 46 playoff games, joining Stephen Curry, Kevin Durant, James Harden and Russell Westbrook. ... Danny Green has 162 3-pointers in the postseason, passing Bruce Bowen (161) for second in franchise history behind Manu Ginobili's 309. ... San Antonio coach Gregg Popovich has 160 postseason victories, which is third in league history behind Phil Jackson (229) and Pat Riley (171).
PATIENTLY WAITING
Memphis forward Tony Allen remains out with a right calf injury and Memphis coach David Fizdale is still unsure if Allen will return in the opening round.
"He's not going to play tonight, that's all I know," Fizdale said. "I just take it game by game. Honestly, I don't want to get too far ahead, get too up or too down when it comes to that situation. I'm just hoping for the best."
___
More NBA basketball: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
​Mayor de Blasio wants his FiOS.
The city sued Verizon today for “breaking the trust” of millions of New Yorkers by failing to bring its FiOS ​cable and internet ​service into every household in the city, the mayor said Monday.
The lawsuit, filed by the ​administration in Manhattan Supreme Court, claims the TV, phone and internet giant reneged on a 12-year agreement signed in 2008 to make its fiber-optic cable network available to everyone by 2014.
“Verizon must face the consequences fo​​r breaking the trust of 8.5 million New Yorkers,” said de Blasio in a statement.
“Verizon promised that every household in the city would have access to its fiber-optic FiOS service by 2014. It's 2017 and we're done waiting. No corporation – no matter how large or powerful – can break a promise to New Yorkers and get away with it.”
Last year, a blistering audit by the city's Department of Information Technology logged a series of complaints against Verizon, including that a quarter of the blocks in the city had no buildings that were properly wired for FiOS.
The report also said Verizon “does not communicate accurately and effectively with prospective customers.”
“Although Verizon claims it ‘passed' all residential premises, Verizon still does not accept orders from all city residents,” the audit said. “In fact, it still informs residents that service is ‘unavailable' at an address if their network has not been created on the block.”
Verizon originally promised to “pass” every residential building and “have fiber up and down each street and avenue in the entire city.”
Verizon spokesman Raymond McConville said the company ​h​as “lived up to our obligation 100 percent.”
“The de Blasio administration is disingenuously attempting to rewrite the terms of an agreement made with its predecessor and is acting in its own political self-interests that are completely at odds with what's best for New Yorkers,” McConville said. “We plan to vigorously fight the city's allegations.”
Sushant Singh Rajput has opted out of "Chanda MamaDoor Ke" due to date conflicts but plans to develop his own space movie, according to a release. The 32-year-old actor, who was recently in news for buying land on the Moon, plans to make what he claims would be India's first space film, to be developed via Innsaei Ventures Pvt Ltd, a company a co-founded by Rajput and entrepreneur Varun Mathur.
"Sushant's passion for the Moon and space is second to none in this sphere. He has unparalleled interest to learn more about the universe, and to delve into anything that might help him understand this phenomenon further. However, since there was a lot of up and down in this film, Sushant will not be able to give his dates to this project (Chanda Mama...) since he has his hands full with many projects.
"Having said that, it does not mean we won't be making a space film. Innsaei Ventures is quite keen on making a space film and Sushant will be working on this very soon. I extend my very best wishes to Mr Sanjay Puran Singh (the director of Chanda Mama...) and Mr Viki Rajani for this film. I hope it brings them great success," Mathur said in a statement.
The actor is currently working on Abhishek Chaubey's dacoit drama Son Chiriya, in which he will be seen sharing screen space with Bhumi Pednekar. He has also wrapped up the shoot of Kedarnath, which marks the debut of Saif Ali Khan's daughter, Sara Ali Khan. Apart from Son Chiriya & Kedarnath, he will also be seen in upcoming films, Drive and the remake of 'Fault In Our Stars'.
CARMEL, Ind. (WISH) — Authorities are seeking a man wanted in connection with a fraud case in April.
They said 32-year-old Thomas Hankins is a 6 foot 1 inch man who weighs 190-200 pounds.
They believe he may be residing in Greenwood or possibly in the southside of Indianapolis.
Carmel police are asking anyone with information on his whereabouts to contact Crime Stoppers at 317-262-8477.
Sacked Dundee boss Paul Hartley says he's leaving the club “in a far stronger position” than when he joined and would have kept the Dark Blues in the Premiership.
After seven defeats on the bounce and the club dropping into the relegation play-off spot after Saturday's 2-0 defeat to Hamilton, the Dens Park board took the decision to sack Hartley earlier today.
In response to his departure, Hartley released a statement, saying: “I'm disappointed not to have been given the chance to see out the remainder of the season because I firmly believe we would have retained our SPFL Premiership status.
“I was confident we would have moved up the league table as there are some excellent players in the dressing-room, led by captain Darren O'Dea.
“However, I respect the decision made by the Dundee FC board and would like to wish everyone success in the final five games of the campaign.
“I'm very proud of what I achieved at Dundee since I was appointed manager in February, 2014.
“We won promotion to the SPFL top flight and we finished in the top six. There is no doubt I'm leaving the club in a far stronger position now from when I first joined.
“I want to thank all my backroom staff, who have been a pleasure to work with and gave me unswerving support, and also thank all the people who work at the club behind the scenes.
“I've met a lot of good people over the years at Dens Park and leave with a lot of happy memories.
“Finally, I wish the club well in the future and look forward to my next challenge in management.”
In today's statement, managing director John Nelms said: “I want to thank Paul for his time with the club.
“Unfortunately, the business we are in, sometimes change is necessary to achieve the goals we have set.
“I think somebody in the near future is going to get a good hard-working manager.”
Who will replace Hartley in the Dundee hotseat is still to be announced.
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Werner Herzog's 'Ant-Man' Reaffirms My Complete Insignificance Marvel's “Ant-Man” was a critically-acclaimed hit. But what if Werner Herzog had directed it? The movie would have been a metaphor for life and the infinite struggle we all must endure,...
If 'Ant-Man' wasn't Marvel's first flop, what will be? A studio can put out a movie about a superhero who rides ants, and audiences don't even shrug. They simply reach into their pockets, pull out a fat roll of...
How superhero flicks play with different genres This weekend sees the release of Marvel's latest celluloid adventure, “Ant-Man.” Despite initial misgivings, many predict the film to be both a financial and critical success, and so far, the...
The ant-people community is outraged by 'Ant-Man' When these ant-people heard that Hollywood was making an “Ant-Man” movie, they were excited. Finally, here was the representation of ant-people in the media they'd been waiting for, right? WRONG. Now...
Thank God ‘Ant-Man' doesn't take itself too seriously In a world of superheroes who turn green and smash everything, or ones who launch missiles from flying-robot suits, is a guy who can talk to ants some sort of...
Corey Stoll's journey from comic geek to 'Ant-Man' villain ​In “Ant-Man,” out Friday, Corey Stoll's character villainously stalks the moves of the genius inventor who created Ant-Man's shrinking suit. In real life, he's semistalking another Marvel hero: Patrick Stewart,...
Plantman Is The Superhero We Deserve Being able to turn into a plant at will may not be the best superpower, but it's certainly not the worst. After all, if Plantman's strength is in avoiding conflict,...
Nerds, rejoice! First Yellowjacket and Joker pics hit the web Heeere's . . . Jared! In a long-awaited reveal, David Ayer, director of DC's upcoming “Suicide Squad” movie, has given us our first glimpse of Jared Leto as madman villain the Joker....
The Apathetic Nerd Talks Ant-Man She'll probably go see it if she doesn't have plans and is in the mood. Could be good.
NEW YORK – DePaul coach Doug Bruno keeps losing players to injury and still is finding ways to win.
The Blue Demons re-entered the AP women's basketball poll Monday at No. 23 after winning their fourth straight game this weekend. UConn remained the unanimous top choice from the 33-member national media panel. The Huskies, who have won 88 straight games and next play on Wednesday against East Carolina, were followed by Baylor, Maryland, Mississippi State and South Carolina.
DePaul guard Jessica January is the latest one of Bruno's players to get hurt. She broke her right index finger against Georgetown last Wednesday. She's the third DePaul starter to go down as Ashton Millender has been dealing with a leg injury that has kept her out since December 15 and junior forward Mart'e Grays is missing the season with an Achilles injury.
"We're re-tooling on the fly," said Bruno on Monday afternoon before his team faced Providence. "Other kids are stepping up. Kelly Campbell, a freshman, has been impactful. Seniors Jacqui Grant and Brooke Schulte have been shouldering a lot of the load."
January is a big loss for the Blue Demons as she leads the team in points, assists and steals. She'll have surgery on Tuesday and is out indefinitely.
"We have eight league games in 18 days, and we've already played two of them," Bruno said. "There are another six of them over this two-week period right now. We'll have the first half of the league done by Jan. 15."
DePaul (10-4) spent the first six weeks in the polls before falling out. Three of the team's four losses have come to UConn, Baylor and Notre Dame.
The Irish fell five spots this week to No. 7 after losing at N.C. State on Thursday night.
Florida State was sixth with Louisville, UCLA and Stanford following Notre Dame.
Kansas State also re-entered the poll at No. 25 while Colorado and Syracuse fell out. Kentucky fell seven spots to No. 24 after losing to Duke and Tennessee. The Wildcats did keep alive their 132-week streak of being ranked. That's the fifth longest active streak and eighth longest all-time.
------
Find the poll online at: http://collegebasketball.ap.org/ap-womens-basketball-poll-week-9
On February 3, 2005, Alberto Gonzales won Senate confirmation as the nation's first Hispanic attorney general despite protests over his record on torture.
The Senate approved his nomination on a largely party-line vote of 60-36, reflecting a split between Republicans and Democrats over whether the administration's counterterrorism policies had led to the abuse of prisoners in Iraq and elsewhere. Shortly after the Senate vote, Vice President Dick Cheney swore in Gonzales as attorney general in a small ceremony in the Roosevelt Room at the White House. President Bush, who was traveling, called to congratulate him.
Gonzales was born in 1955 in San Antonio, Texas, the son of migrant workers and grew up in a small, crowded home in Houston without hot water or a telephone. He joined the U.S. Air Force in 1973 after graduating from high school. Following a few years of service, Gonzales attended the U.S. Air Force Academy.
After leaving the military, Gonzales attended Rice University and Harvard Law School before Bush, then governor of Texas, picked him in 1995 to serve as his general counsel in Austin and in 2001 brought him to Washington as his White House counsel. In this new role, Gonzales championed an extension of the USA Patriot Act.
After Gonzales became attorney general, he faced scrutiny regarding some of his actions, most notably the firing of several U.S. attorneys and his defense of Bush's domestic eavesdropping program. The firings became the subject of a Senate Judiciary Committee in 2007. Concerns about the veracity of some of his statements as well as his general competency also began to surface.
Democrats began calling for his resignation and for more investigations, but President Bush defended his appointee, saying that Gonzales was “an honest, honorable man in whom I have confidence,” according to an Associated Press reportfromApril.
A few months later, however, Gonzales decided to step down.
On August 27, he gave a brief statement announcing his resignation (effective September 17), stating that “It has been one of my greatest privileges to lead the Department of Justice.” He gave no explanation for his departure. In his resignation letter, Gonzales simply said that “. . . this is the right time for my family and I to begina new chapter in our lives.”
Gonzales and his wife Rebecca have three sons.
Source: www.history.com
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings. SUBSCRIBE
JACKSON, Miss. — Mississippi's governor signed a law Monday banning most abortions after 15 weeks' gestation, the tightest restrictions in the nation.
Republican Gov. Phil Bryant has frequently said he wants Mississippi to be the "safest place in America for an unborn child."
House Bill 1510's only exceptions are if a fetus has health problems making it "incompatible with life" outside of the womb at full term, or if a pregnant woman's life or a "major bodily function" is threatened by pregnancy. Pregnancies resulting from rape and incest aren't exempted.
Gov. Phil Bryant outlines his legislative priorities during the State of the State address on Jan. 9, 2018, in House Chambers at the Capitol in Jackson, Mississippi. Rogelio V. Solis / AP file
Mississippi previously tied with North Carolina for the nation's strictest abortion limits at 20 weeks. Both states count pregnancy as beginning on the first day of a woman's previous menstrual period. That means the restrictions kick in about two weeks before those of states whose 20-week bans begin at conception.
The state is bracing for immediate lawsuits. Abortion rights advocates say the law is unconstitutional because it limits abortion before fetuses can live outside the womb. The owner of Mississippi's only abortion clinic in Jackson opposes the law and has pledged to sue.
"We certainly think this bill is unconstitutional," said Katherine Klein, equality advocacy coordinator for the American Civil Liberties Union of Mississippi. "The 15-week marker has no bearing in science. It's just completely unfounded and a court has never upheld anything under the 20-week viability marker."
Dead razor grass and masked fencing at the entrance to the Jackson Women's Health Organization clinic in Jackson, Mississippi, on March 8, 2018. The facility is currently the state's only abortion clinic. Rogelio V. Solis / AP
The bill was drafted with the assistance of conservative groups including the Mississippi Center for Public Policy and the Alliance Defending Freedom.
"We're thrilled that Mississippi lawmakers are taking a step to protect the basic right to life, as well as protecting maternal health," said Jameson Taylor, acting president of the Mississippi Center for Public Policy.
Both Republican-controlled chambers passed the bill overwhelmingly in early March, by a vote of 35-14 in the Senate and 76-34 in the House.
The U.S. Senate failed to pass a 20-week abortion ban bill in January. With 60 "yes" votes required to advance, the bill failed on a 51-46 vote.
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
MIAMI (CNN) — Getting trapped people out of a flooded cave can be one of the easiest — or one of the most challenging — types of cave rescue. It is one that an international team is facing with the discovery of a group of 12 boys and their soccer coach — missing for nine days — alive, and basically well, in a cave in Thailand. They had gone into the cave after soccer practice and rising flood waters prevented them from leaving.
How to get them out?
I've been an active caver and cave rescuer for more than 30 years, having studied both extensively. I chair the board of regional coordinators (there are 10 regions in the United States) of the National Cave Rescue Commission, which has been developing and teaching cave rescue techniques since 1978.
This rescue in Thailand is one of the toughest I've seen.
But there are some essential guideposts in even a rescue of this colossal difficulty.
To begin, the basic tenet of cave flooding rescue is this: WAIT. Either the people are alive and safe somewhere inside, in which case taking risks only serves to place rescuers in danger, or they have already perished, in which case there is zero reason to place rescuers in danger.
A few things to understand about caves: Most are formed by water, and are dissolved out of (usually) limestone rock over millennia. There are a few exceptions, such as ice and lava tube caves, but even in these, water can run through them.
Not all caves continue to flood, but some still serve as natural “storm drains.” In most caves in the United States, and many places around the world, a cave that has some water in it can flood further. This is usually in response to rain, and the water will drain fairly quickly. Only a few caving areas, such as in southeast Asia area, have continuous, monsoon-style rains that can cause a cave to remain flooded for several months.
Among organized cavers, caves that can easily flood, or stay flooded for long periods of time, are avoided if rain is a possibility. Often the general public is not allowed in such caves, but as with this cave, there are exceptions.
Usually when rain traps people in a cave, once the rain event subsides, a few hours to a few days later, the water lowers and rescuers can go in, or the trapped people come out on their own.
Meanwhile, on the surface, there are a few things that can be done to determine whether there is anyone trapped inside and how they might be faring.
Rescuers can monitor the water for depth and temperature, for debris, or for evidence of the trapped people. And the same with weather, which is predictable now to a high degree of accuracy. Efforts can be made to lower water levels through diversion or removing obstructions, or by pumping. Responders can search for other entrances, or can attempt to make new ones. In a few situations, cave divers may be used to make contact or ferry supplies. Mostly, though, it's a waiting game.
And this is very hard for rescuers who are used to doing, not waiting. There can be enormous pressure from family, from officials, and from the media to take action. This pressure can cause rescuers to take ill-considered risks. In most flooding situations, though, the water subsides soon and the question is answered: are they alive or are they not?
In the Thailand case, though, the waiting may well not be enough. The soccer team was found alive 1.2 miles into the Tham Luang Nang Non cave, and the water may not go down for months. Nine days had passed before the first contact was made, something that is highly unusual in cave flooding situations. Also unusual is the cave temperature, in the mid-70s — higher than most caves in the world, as caves tend to be the average temperature of the area they are in.
In much of the United States and Europe, cave temperatures are between the mid 30s and mid 60s. This means hypothermia: something that would likely have killed people who were unprepared and who were trapped for that length of time. From that standpoint, the trapped Thais are very fortunate.
What is not fortunate is nine days with no food. In a twist of irony, the soccer players and their coach have plenty of water, though if the water had made them sick before Navy Seal rescuers (including a doctor and a nurse) reached them, as they now have, it could have hastened their deaths.
With water, humans can survive for 3-4 weeks without food. After nine days, though, they are weak. Their gastrointestinal system begins to shut down. Their metabolic processes have changed. A full meal right now could kill them. Rescuers are reportedly reintroducing food gradually and carefully. It could take weeks to rebuild the boys' strength; right now they can barely stand, let alone do the rigorous activity likely required to get out.
As to that, there are three primary options.
The most dangerous is trying to teach them enough diving skills to dive them out. It's physically strenuous: in water, through blackout conditions, through tight squeezes for hundreds of meters. It's something that skilled cave divers spend hundreds of hours training for after they have already been open water divers for quite some time. A moment of panic or loss of the breathing regulator can be fatal for the novice diver, and may also put the cave diver escorting him in danger.
Drill an entrance? This requires heavy equipment that has to be brought to the site where a full-sized road has been made, and requires highly detailed mapping or specialized radiolocation from inside the cave. Even then, it's like hitting that needle in the haystack. Find a new entrance to the cave? They have been looking for 10 days now, and the odds go down with each passing day.
Wait for the water to go down? It's monsoon season. Even with pumping, it could be weeks — even if the weather cooperates. Longer if it does not.
Finding this group at all certainly gives hope. And if where they are in the cave is safe from further flooding and the divers can supply them with food and care, they can live in the cave as long as necessary. If they cannot be safe from further flooding, then the only option may be the first and riskiest: diving them out.
Meanwhile, the world watches and judges. The rescuers are in a tough spot. Unless all people are safely out eventually, the rescuers will be blamed by the “you should have” and by the self-doubt of “what if we'd only…”
(©2018 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.)
Gorski Joins Littelfuse as chief accounting officer
hello
Littelfuse announced the appointment of Jeffrey Gorski as vice president and chief accounting officer.
Gorski will be responsible for worldwide corporate and technical accounting, SEC reporting and shared services, and will report directly to Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Meenal Sethna.
Gorski will succeed John Quille who is retiring and will remain in an advisory role during the transition.
Most recently, Gorski served as senior vice president and chief accounting officer of R.R. Donnelley & Sons, where he held several roles of increasing responsibility. Prior to joining R.R. Donnelley, he was a senior manager at KPMG LLP. Gorski received a Bachelor of Arts in Accounting and Finance at the University of Wisconsin, Madison in Wisconsin, USA, and is a certified public accountant in Illinois.
CARMEL, IN--(Marketwired - Apr 18, 2017) - Determine, Inc. ( NASDAQ : DTRM), the pioneering leader in global Source-to-Pay and Enterprise Contract Lifecycle Management (ECLM) Cloud Platform solutions, announced the 17.3 Release of the Determine Cloud Platform today, further redefining the possibilities for true Source-to-Pay platform efficiency and effectiveness.
Determine Cloud Platform Release 17.3 continues to break new ground across the source-to-pay continuum, adding increased capabilities in Contract Management, Supplier Management, Procurement, Invoice Management and Financial Management. In addition, Determine continues deliver cutting edge competitive advantages to the Determine Core, one of the Determine Cloud Platform's significant differentiators, with new reporting automation and improved security features on the core. Automated reporting and alerts within the core platform provides deeper intelligence across the suite empowering better decisions.
"With each release, our goal is to set the bar higher for what the Determine Cloud Platform can achieve, we are constantly pushing the limits of innovation to deliver incremental business value for our customers. The 17.3 Release introduces a plethora of new features and enhanced functionality enabling increased flexibility and efficiencies for our customers. In addition to focusing on platform improvements, much of our innovation is also customer inspired -- it's a true collaboration that continues to drive the Determine team to exceed customer and market expectations."
-- Julien Nadaud, Chief Product Officer, Determine, Inc.
Release 17.3 introduces some of the following solution highlights:
Supplier Management: Increased flexibility in supplier management with manual scoring for any type of question during supplier onboarding, and the creation of internal certification workflows for managing onboarding and certification management related to internal supplier projects or required validations. Increased efficiency of supplier scoring by including the scoring metrics of internal and external questionnaires that are linked into supplier scorecards as part of their wider supplier profile, giving supplier managers real-time access to supplier risk and performance criteria.
Contract Management: Using a single source of shared master data and metadata on the platform allows purchasing contracts to be automatically generated using data contained in procurement contracts from the contract repository, or alternatively be newly authored in the Determine system. This will establish complete visibility across the contractual process, ensuring information integrity, contract compliance and improved spend under management. Integrating the DocuSign console directly within Determine Contract Management, users can add signatures and execute contracts without leaving the application, for faster and simpler signature workflow. Improvement to amendment processes that provides a view of the amendment within the workflow.
Procurement & Invoice Management Blanket PO features enable teams to better manage supplier invoices for specific amounts and time periods, without receipt creation for each order, by streamlining the entire receiving and matching process. Supplier invoices can now be more easily matched and automatically deducted from the blanket PO, ensuring accuracy and improving efficiency. Blanket Contracts, enabled for restricted group of users, provides the ability to generate straight through processing without the need to generate requisitions or POs; a feature designed for managing a predetermined amount of spend with a specified supplier over a period of time, especially targeted at direct spend (e.g. raw materials, suppliers, packaging). Internal time tracking, designed for managing time tracking activity, budget spend and cost allocations on services coming from internal shared services like IT, Marketing, or Procurement.
"The latest features in our Release 17.3 illustrate the complex platform capabilities required by our customers to manage their unique and often complicated requirements. In addition, we are demonstrating that the linkage of data and process workflows for spend, contracts and suppliers, can be easily configured and managed within the Determine Cloud Platform, something simply not achievable, with a separate 'stand-alone' solution or so-called suites. This is what delivering Platformance is all about."
-- Constantine Limberakis, VP of Product Marketing, Determine, Inc.
Supporting Resources
Determine blog
Determine on LinkedIn
Determine on Twitter
Determine Resources
About Determine, Inc.
Determine, Inc. ( NASDAQ : DTRM) is a leading global provider of SaaS Source-to-Pay and Enterprise Contract Lifecycle Management (ECLM) solutions. The Determine Cloud Platform provides procurement, legal and finance professionals analytics of their supplier, contract and financial performance. Our technologies empower customers to drive new revenue, identify savings, improve compliance and mitigate risk.
The Determine Cloud Platform seamlessly integrates with major ERP or third-party systems such as SAP, Oracle, Sage, QAD and Microsoft. Modular solutions can be configured to add more than needed to provide additional value beyond spend management. Our unified master database and business process management approach empowers users at every level to make more informed and smarter decisions.
For more information, please visit: www.determine.com.
To this moment, it remains unfathomable, impossible to forget or ignore.
But first consider what a six-hour Super Bowl pregame show might appear as if the rotating network, in exchange for billions, didn't feel compelled to kiss the NFL's fanny, promote their own news and entertainment shows and stars, and hype a game that needed more hoo-hah like a club sandwich needs more lettuce.
Today's Super Bowl marks another anniversary — the 29th — of the Bengals team that lost Super Bowl XXIII, 20-16, to the 49ers in January 1989. That game likely strikes those who remember it by what preceded it: A story of the most irreconcilably unrestrained individual madness in the championship game's history.
What happened the day and night before. Geez. The Bengals might have won — we'll never know, but they led 13-6 in the third quarter — had it not been for the previous 24 hours.
Stanley Wilson was a muscular, 5-foot-10 running back from Los Angeles, recruited to Oklahoma, where he scored seven TDs his senior season. He was a straight-ahead banger and dipper — he now would be classified “a downhill runner” — who could plow for first downs and touchdowns, catch passes in the flats and throw powerful blocks.
He played for the Bengals in his rookie and second seasons, 1983 and 1984, but then lost the entire 1985 season to a cocaine suspension. Returned in 1986, he lost his entire 1987 season, again, to cocaine.
Despite it all, in 1988, given his third second chance, Wilson became an important part of a 12-4 regular-season team that included Boomer Esiason at quarterback and Ickey Woods, James Brooks and Wilson as formidable, multi-tasked running backs.
But the night before that Super Bowl, the word spread: There would be no Stanley Wilson. With the game in Miami, cocaine capital of North America, he had binged that day, apparently all day — the day before the Super Bowl, for crying out loud — and he was out of it, gone, done, through.
Last heard from, Wilson in 1999 was convicted of stealing $130,000 in property from a home in Beverley Hills to feed his addiction. He was sentenced to 22 years state prison in Lancaster, Calif.
Forgive my amateur sense of good Super Bowl TV pregame storytelling, but what a tale this would have made for NBC.
So many significant pieces were in place, right there in Minneapolis. Cris Collinsworth, who will call the game on NBC, was on that Bengals team. Esiason is there to be the analyst on on the radio version. Theirs is a shared bizarre experience worth a half hour show.
Additonally, Solomon Wilcots, a CBS analyst, was a Cincy starting defensive back. They were all easily accessible.
Why not sit them down, talk to them on camera. What do they remember about Wilson? That day? That night? The next day? The pregame locker room buzz? What was the fallout? How was the game plan, near zero-hour, altered? What was the measure of betrayal? Anger? Astonishment?
The Bengals' coach, Sam Wyche, having undergone a heart transplant in 2016, is still with us. He was a frank guy. He could have been asked about, too. And to think what coaches, players and media today lament as “distractions.”
And maybe NBC could have even found Wilson, now 56. It's unlikely he's anywhere far from where he was last sentenced. Regardless, he should be attached to an official paper trail.
In Cincinnati's 21-13 playoff win over the Seahawks (Seattle was an AFC team then) on Dec. 31 1988 to reach the AFC Championship, the Bengals played a low-risk grind. Esiason was seven-for-19, 108 yards and Wilcots had an interception. The game included 12 punts. However, Wilson stood out, busting a 20-yard carry and twice scoring on 3-yard runs.
But on third-and-short plays that Super Bowl, the Niners suddenly no longer had to worry about Stanley Wilson. Mind-blowing, still.
Wouldn't such a session and so many others that could be inexpensively produced — be more grip-and-hold than boo-ya?
We wouldn't watch such a feature?
But it's too late, as we're already conditioned to anticipate very little, choosing instead to preview the potato salad.
The 'mania that is the WWE's McMahons
Perhaps during NBC News's mirth-filled salute to the 33rd anniversary of Wrestlemania there was no time to list those participating wrestlers who died, mostly of job-related drug overdoses, on Vince McMahon's and Linda McMahon's watch. Of course, such a necrological roll would've taken quite a while.
Mrs. McMahon now leads the Small Business Administration, a Cabinet-level position within the Trump administration. Her previous sense of business included the sale to kids of WWE T-shirts picturing an arrow pointed toward the crotch, the visible stamped message reading, “Suck It!”
Then there was the commerce attached to the indescribably pornographic in-ring skits which she and her husband planned and in which they participated for the enjoyment of kids.
And now for Vince McMahon's XFL II!
It's not QB vs. QB
Super Bowl “Quarterback Comparisons,” yet again, were almost invariably presented as head-to-head, as if the game starts and the opposing QBs both run on to the field to play one-on-one, defense versus offense, then switch. As Ben Roethlisberger wisely counseled, “It's not tennis!”
If MSG's New Devils studio/rinkside man Bryce Salvador — who spent the final six-plus seasons of his NHL career with New Jersey — wants to be heard as a valued contributor, he has to drop this “we” stuff. Salvador's pleasant and enthusiastic, eager to please. But the audience's sensibilities should supersede that of the team.
Gee, what if they played all the national anthems? Maryland's state-funded men's basketball team includes players from Bosnia, Slovakia, Angola, Canada, Nigeria, Spain and Mexico. Apparently, the university can't find any student-athletes in Maryland who could use a basketball scholarship.
Two available CBS TV analysts I'd like to be seated between during Super Bowl LII: Trent Green and James Lofton. Hey, easy on the crab dip!
If Giancarlo Stannton receives a $50,000 bonus from the Yankees for making the All-Star team, I'll help him out. He'll give me $10,000 and I'll spend a few hours a day banging his name into the online ballot box. That would remove all doubt and we'd both make out.
Super Bowl on radio again will be nationally carried by Westwood One and called by Kevin “Hollerin' ” Harlan, likely meaning we'll stylishly hear that a team “moved the chains” — partially useless, as we'll be unable to see how far the first down moved said chains. Brings to comical memory the CBS Radio radio team, Jack Buck and Hank Stram. Stram would note that “Number 57 came in to make that tackle.”
Lock of the Day? In the Puppy Bowl, although Mike Francesa is touting the favorite, take the dog.
When Cassie Mordaga dropped her 6-year-old Labrador mix, Jake, off with her new dog trainer, Steve Del Savio, two years ago, it was puppy love at first sight.
“I [found] him attractive, and I loved that he can handle my dog,” Mordaga, now 24, tells The Post.
Del Savio, owner of dog walking and training company Pack Leader Dogs in Hoboken, NJ, became smitten with Mordaga during their weekly training sessions.
“I thought this girl was really good-looking,” says Del Savio, 34. “I found myself having way longer sessions with her than with other clients.”
But it wasn't until Mordaga's mother, who showed up for a training session, saw the pair in action that it became clear the two were having more than a professional working relationship.
“My mother thought he was cute and asked if he was single,” Mordaga says.
Four months later, Mordaga moved in with Del Savio in Hoboken. Mordaga, who was still a student when they met, is now an active member of the Pack Leader Dogs company alongside her beau.
As if taking a cue from Jennifer Lopez and Ralph Fiennes in the 2002 rom-com “Maid in Manhattan,” some New Yorkers can't help but fall for the help, whether it be a dog walker or house cleaner. And as more businesses and apps pop up across the five boroughs offering these services, the opportunities for potential romantic connections — and minefields — are also growing.
The attraction makes sense, Del Savio claims, because clients see these people as dependable and trustworthy.
“[Women] can see men who are able to control the dogs, and that's a turn-on for them,” he says. “But they also get to see a soft side of us by caring for the animals.”
Angel Colon, a 35-year-old janitor with Busy Bee Cleaning Service, fell in love with a client two years ago while cleaning her office at the Educational Housing Services on the Upper East Side. A year later, they got engaged.
“Women like [cleaners] since it shows that a guy has good hygiene,” Colon, who lives in Parkchester, tells The Post. One evening, while he was emptying out the trash in her office, he asked her out for drinks. She said yes and the pair moved in together a year later.
But agreeing to a date — whether it's the employee or the customer doing the asking — isn't always a smart move, and can lead to some potentially awkward situations.
Take Amelia Dias, a 26-year-old cleaner and co-founder of Maid in JC. This past summer, when the Jersey City resident finished cleaning her client's swanky downtown bachelor pad, she was expecting a hefty tip. Instead, the middle-aged customer asked to take her sailing on the Hudson.
“I'm from Rhode Island and he was making small talk and said, ‘You're from Rhode Island, you must love to sail and I love to take people out on the water,' ” Dias tells The Post.
‘It wouldn't work out because I'd have to clean their apartments the next week, and I can't just break up with them.' - Amelia Dias
Though she reluctantly agreed, she cut the date short after he suggested skinny-dipping in the Hudson. Dias kept cleaning the client's apartment, and the encounter provided a valuable lesson.
“I haven't hung out with clients outside of work since then,” says Dias. She cleans with another maid to fend off unwanted attention.
Of course, that hasn't stopped customers from trying. The millennial has been propositioned with everything from happy-hour drinks to squash sessions at the Harvard Club by wealthy clients.
“It wouldn't work out because I'd have to clean their apartments the next week, and I can't just break up with them,” Dias says.
But she says she's still open to dating a guy with the “right” apartment.
“It depends on what kind of real estate we're talking about,” she says. “Are we talking about sweeping views of Park Avenue?”
Meanwhile, Luke Finley, a 30-year-old cleaner and owner of Luke's Cleaning, says women have hit on him, occasionally tipping him $50 for a $115 cleaning session.
“I have a Midwestern friendliness about me, and I guess that comes across as flirting,” Finley says, adding that he feels comfortable with the attention, but has only hung out with clients outside of work in a platonic setting.
“When you're a guy, you always take that thing as a compliment,” Finley says. “I've never had a problem with it.”
But dating expert Simon Marcel Badinter says there could be a downside to hooking up with the hired help.
“Sadly, sometimes people still feel uncomfortable reaching out to someone within a different class and social circle,” says Badinter, host of dating show “In Bed With Simon” on FYI.
If you are interested in asking out a member of the help, Finley suggests keeping it casual to alleviate any pressure in case things don't work out.
“If that situation pops up, you should invite [your employee] out with your friends first, so then the risk is lower and you can get to know each other from there,” he says. “There wouldn't be as much pressure if [the customer] made it clear upfront and said, ‘Hey, I enjoy spending time with you.' And doing something casual [makes] it not a date-date.”
But, for Dias, it's simply too awkward an encounter to ever broach.
“If I went out with [a client] for happy hour, how would he introduce me to his friends? ‘Hey guys, this is Amelia, my maid,' ” she says. “It'd be awkward.”
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Best Places To Take Your Holiday Photos In MiamiThe holidays are upon us once again. That means Christmas cards need to be mailed out and family photos need to be taken. While there are thousands of places in South Florida that can provide a great backdrop for a family, finding that one perfect spot can be time consuming. Whether that perfect photo includes a beach, a fountain, a garden, or an archway, South Florida can provide the perfect spot for an unforgettable family holiday photo.
Officials: Trump knew Flynn misled WH weeks before ouster
hello
National Security Adviser Michael Flynn speaks during the daily news briefing Feb. 1 at the White House. Flynn resigned as President Donald Trump's national security adviser Monday. Associated Press file photo
White House press secretary Sean Spicer takes questions from members of the media during the daily briefing Tuesday at the White House. Associated Press
In this image made from a video taken on Dec. 10, 2015, and made available on Tuesday, President Donald Trump's former National Security Advisor Michael Flynn, right, shakes hands with Russian President Vladimir Putin in Moscow. Flynn, who resigned after reports he misled White House officials about his contacts with Russia, was seen attending the 10th anniversary of the Russian television network RT in 2015 where Russian President Vladimir Putin gave a speech. A. U.S. official has told The Associated Press that Flynn was in frequent contact with Ambassador Sergey Kislyak on the day the Obama administration imposed sanctions on Russia after US intelligence reported that Russia had interfered with the US elections. Ruptly via Associated Press
WASHINGTON -- Just six days into his presidency, Donald Trump was informed his national security adviser had misled his vice president about contacts with Russia. Trump kept his No. 2 in the dark and waited nearly three weeks before ousting the aide, Michael Flynn, citing a slow but steady erosion of trust, White House officials said Tuesday.
Flynn was interviewed by the FBI about his telephone conversations with Russia's ambassador to the U.S., a sign his ties to Russia had caught the attention of law enforcement officials.
But in the White House's retelling of Flynn's stunning downfall, his error was not that he discussed U.S. sanctions with the Russian before the inauguration -- a potential violation of a rarely enforced law -- but the fact that he denied it for weeks, apparently misleading Vice President Mike Pence and other senior Trump aides about the nature of the conversations. White House officials said they conducted a thorough review of Flynn's interactions, including transcripts of calls secretly recorded by U.S. intelligence officials, but found nothing illegal.
Pence, who had vouched for Flynn in a televised interview, is said to have been angry and deeply frustrated.
"The evolving and eroding level of trust as a result of this situation and a series of other questionable incidents is what led the president to ask General Flynn for his resignation," White House spokesman Sean Spicer said Tuesday, one day after the president asked Flynn to leave.
Flynn, in an interview with The Daily Caller News Foundation, said Monday "there were no lines crossed" in his conversations with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak.
The explanation of the episode left many questions unanswered, including why Trump didn't alert Pence to the matter and why Trump allowed Flynn to keep accessing classified information and taking part in the president's discussions with world leaders up until the day he was fired.
White House officials also struggled to explain why Trump counselor Kellyanne Conway had declared the president retained "full confidence" in Flynn just hours before the adviser had to submit his letter of resignation.
The White House shake-up, less than one month into Trump's tenure, marked another jarring setback for a new administration already dealing with tensions among top aides and a legal fight over the president's travel ban order. Flynn's firing also heightened questions about the president's friendly posture toward Russia. Democrats called for investigations into Flynn's contacts, and Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham said Congress needed to know whether he had been acting with direction from the president or others.
Trump initially thought Flynn could survive the controversy, according to a person with direct knowledge of the president's views, but a pair of explosive stories in The Washington Post in recent days made the situation untenable. As early as last week, he and aides began making contingency plans for Flynn's dismissal, a senior administration official said. While the president was said to be upset with Flynn, he also expressed anger with other aides for "losing control" of the story and making his young administration look bad.
Pence spokesman Marc Lotter said Pence became aware that he had received "incomplete information" from Flynn only after the first Washington Post report Thursday night. Pence learned about the Justice Department warnings to the White House around the same time.
The officials and others with knowledge of the situation were not authorized to discuss the matter publicly and requested anonymity.
Ahead of the Jan. 20 inauguration, Pence and other officials insisted publicly that Flynn had not discussed sanctions in his talks with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak. On Jan. 26, Acting Attorney General Sally Yates contacted White House counsel Don McGahn to raise concerns about discrepancies between the public accounting and what intelligence officials knew to be true about the contacts based on routine recordings of communications with foreign officials who are in the U.S.
The Justice Department warned the White House that the inconsistencies would leave the president's top national security aide vulnerable to blackmail from Russia, according to a person with knowledge of the discussion. The president was informed of the warnings the same day, Spicer said.
Flynn was interviewed by the FBI around the same time, according to a U.S. official was briefed on the investigation.
It was not immediately known what questions the FBI asked of Flynn or what he told law enforcement officials.
McGahn, along with chief of staff Reince Priebus and strategist Steve Bannon, also questioned Flynn multiple times in the ensuing weeks, a White House official said. Top aides also reviewed transcripts of Flynn's contacts with the ambassador, according to a person with knowledge of the review process.
At the same time, the official said Trump aides began taking steps to put some distance between the president and Flynn. CIA Director Mike Pompeo and retired Lt. Gen. Keith Kellogg, a top Flynn aide, started taking part in Trump's daily security briefings.
Top Trump advisers quietly met with Vice Admiral Robert Harward last week and spoke with the former Navy SEAL again Monday, the White House official said. Harward is seen as the top contender for the job, though former CIA Director David Petraeus and Kellogg, who has temporarily stepped into the role, are also under consideration.
Spicer said other "questionable incidents" had contributed to Flynn's firing. According to one person with knowledge of the matter, those incidents included Flynn seeking a security clearance for his son during the transition.
At the time, it was Pence who was again put in the position of defending Flynn on television, saying he had not sought a clearance for the retired general's son.
A U.S. official told The Associated Press that Flynn was in frequent contact with Kislyak on the day the Obama administration slapped sanctions on Russia for election-related hacking, as well as at other times during the transition. Spicer said Flynn was not discussing sanctions at the president's behest.
Before he resigned Monday night, Flynn told the investigative news nonprofit affiliated with the website The Daily Caller that he and Kislyak spoke only generally about the Russian diplomats expelled by President Barack Obama as part of the previous administration's response to Moscow's interference in the U.S. presidential election.
"It wasn't about sanctions. It was about the 35 guys who were thrown out," Flynn said. "It was basically: 'Look, I know this happened. We'll review everything.' I never said anything such as, 'We're going to review sanctions,' or anything like that."
• Associated Press writers Jonathan Lemire, Eric Tucker, Ken Thomas, Jill Colvin, Erica Werner and Catherine Lucey contributed to this report.
Concerns have been raised with police following a spate of burglaries in the area.
DUP MLA Carla Lockhart said: “I have raised serious concerns with the PSNI about a further 10 burglaries over the weekend within the area.
“It is very alarming to hear of this spike, three of these incidents happened in the Mourneview area, some in Banbridge, Portadown and right across Armagh.
“This is unacceptable and we all need to be vigilant. I met with the PSNI locally at Tesco who are giving out Crime Prevention advice, timer switches and other items to help deter burglaries.
“I am also meeting officers to discuss more initiatives, push for increased police presence and for Neighbourhood Watch and No Cold Calling zones to be set up. Communities are crying out for assistance it is important that we all work together to help stop burglaries.
“If you see anything suspicious please ring 999 or 101. Your eyes and ears are the key to keeping our properties safe.”
After all of the rallying & support from his fans as well as his city...Meek Mill is officially a FREE MAN! We're hoping he went straight to the studio to release some of his frustrations into a brand-new track but we'll see. Tune in to Big Tigger's Trending Topics for more details and make sure you catch him live from Monday-Friday from 2-6pm at WatchV103.com
× Man shot when he refuses to hand over money during armed robbery in KC
KANSAS CITY, Mo. — Police hope to find the gunman and the accomplices who shot a man when he refused to give them money during an armed robbery late Sunday night.
It happened at 55th and Forest at about 10:45 p.m. Police found the victim lying on the sidewalk, suffering from a life-threatening gunshot wound. The victim and witnesses say the suspects were armed with a handgun. They approached the man and demanded money. When the victim refused, the gunman shot him.
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Twitter's controversial China chief leaves company
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Subscribe to read: Financial Times
Active fund managers can add value but price is still too high
AKRON, Ohio (AP) — The wife of a man who killed himself at an Ohio county jail has filed a lawsuit claiming jail staff didn't take sufficient precautions to prevent his death.
Cleveland.com reports that Wayne Jordan's wife filed the lawsuit last week in federal court in Akron. Jordan died in February 2016 at the Summit County Jail.
At the time, a sheriff's office spokesman said the 63-year-old hadn't shown any signs of being suicidal.
The suit says that Jordan denied considering suicide when initially booked but his mental condition deteriorated before his death four months later.
The suit says there was no suicide monitoring in place when he hanged himself in his cell days before his trial on rape charges was set to start.
A sheriff's spokesman declined to comment.
Business chiefs urge government to set up productivity watchdog
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
UK student loan sell-off comes with weak grades
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
There's a plethora of young women in high-waisted trousers, white T-shirts and straight-cut fringes, but none of them are Courtney Barnett yet all of them could be.
What I love about slacker-rock, and I don't mean the term in a derogatory sense, is the ability to make playing a guitar seem accessible and relatable. It says to the audience, ‘grab a guitar, we're off on tour'.
Courtney Barnett, now onto album number two Tell Me How You Really Feel, takes to the stage for the final UK date of her tour at the O2 Academy Leeds, and announces she is about to play the whole album. A risky strategy, but then Barnett does her own thing as an artist and it's the no-compromise attitude that has won her a wealth of fans.
Single cuts from the album such as City Looks Pretty, Nameless, Faceless and Sunday Roast get a great reception from the crowd and Barnett's melancholy drawl and lyrics drip down the walls in sweet, syrupy tears.
Considering Barnett's ability to pen an uplifting song about a man attempting to jump off a roof, the new album lacks the tongue-in-cheek irony that the first did so well, and it's to the night's detriment that she chooses to leave two great debut tracks, Pedestrian at Best and Elevator Operator, until the closing part of the set.
Playing the guitar with nonchalant ability is a skill in itself, however the pace is lazy at times and desperately needed a mix in moods to keep the night interesting, which unfortunately at times was anything but.
US lawmakers face tough choices over Michael Flynn's Russia ties
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- If you're looking for new summer recipes, Chef Jasper Mirabile has you covered. He shared a few of his favorites with FOX4's Mark Alford.
Chef Jasper`s Asparagus Pesto
Ingredients:
One bunch of asparagus, trimmed and blanched
1 cup tightly packed basil leaves
4 garlic cloves
1/2 cup extra virgin olive oil
Salt & red chili pepper to taste
1/4 cup grated Romano
Directions:
Place asparagus, basil, garlic, salt and red chili pepper in the bowl of a food processor or blender. Place lid on and slowly drizzle in olive oil. Let run for about one minute. Add Romano cheese and let run for less than 30 seconds.
Store in airtight container until ready to use.
Chef Jasper`s Notes: Here is a simple and easy recipe for your summer time dishes. I also like to add Allman`s or pine nuts for added flavor.
Chef Jasper`s Summertime Pasta
Directions:
1 lb. Linguine Pasta
1 .5 lbs. Roma Tomatoes
1/2 cup XV Olive Oil
6-8 garlic cloves
24 Fresh Basil leaves
Sea Salt & Red Pepper to taste
Grated Romano for dusting
8 oz. Fresh Mozzarella
Ingredients:
Cook pasta al'dente. Set aside.
Core tomatoes and place in food processor on pulse for a minute.
Mince garlic and set aside.
Heat olive oil in a sauté pan. Add garlic and immediately take off the heat. Do not burn. Add tomatoes.
Season with salt and red pepper flakes. Add cooked pasta & toss with basil and olive oil.
Dust pasta with grated Romano cheese and toss with fresh cubed Mozzarella.
Jasper Mirabile`s Caprese Toast
Ingredients:
Farm to Market Ciabatta
XV olive oil for drizzle
Balsamic glaze for drizzle
4 cloves fresh garlic
1 lb. fresh Mozzarella
1 Avocado pitted and sliced
4-6 pieces grilled asparagus
2 Roasted Peppers
Fresh basil
Directions:
In a food processor and basil and garlic and oil and turn into a pesto. Season with salt.
Slice and toast bread. Drizzle with olive oil and spread pesto on top. Add fresh mozzarella and alternate avocado slices, asparagus and roasted peppers on slices. Drizzle extra-virgin olive oil and balsamic vinegar on top and serve.
More recipes:
Sign up to receive a weekly email from FOX 4 with the recipes we featured on our FOX 4 newscasts.
Click here to add your name to the list.
Subscribe to read: Financial Times
Clash of Clans maker Supercell looks to acquire as sales stall
Faith unites us to God and lets us share in the power of God.Ave Maria!Mass: Saturday 18th Week of Ordinary Time - Wkdy1st: deu 6:4-13Resp: psa 18:2-3, 3-4, 47, 51 0Gsp: mat 17:14-20
Series on Airmaria Select Category Air Maria Series (9,539) Homily (5,553) Specials (111) St. Mary's, Baltic, CT (180) Mt. St. Francis (197) Griswold, CT (2,147) Perth, Australia (83) Shrine, La Crosse, WI (78) Lanherne Friars (46) Stoke-on-Trent, UK (29) Bloomington, IN (1,161) On The Road (5) St Johns, Bloomington (61) New Bedford, MA (541) Promo (14) Face of Pro-Life (156) Special Event (71) Immaculate Music (53) News (816) Fi News (384) AirMaria Updates (60) World Review (2) Roving Reporter (133) Vatican (21) Rome Reports (27) No Apologies (122) 10 Most Popular (16) Book Log (15) Variety (293) Ave Maria Meditations (1,267) Marycast (407) Marycast Specials (221) 5th Marian Dogma for Beginners (11) Historical Highpoints of Mary Coredemptrix (16) Our Lady of All Nations (26) Our Lady of Akita (5) OLO America (8) OLO Lipa (5) Queen of Angels (3) Vatican Council II (12) From the Web (312) Friar Tech (10) Mission Down Under (214) Live Events (17) Live Archive (4) Conferences (345) Behold Your Mother Conference (12) Amsterdam 2008 (18) Mariae Advocatae Causa (5) Relevance of Marian Coredemption (6) Our Lady of All Nations 2008 (7) Scotus Mariology, Durham 2008 (13) Coredm Greenwood 2007 (0) Coredm La Crosse 2009 (8) Coredm La Crosse 2010 (8) Newman-Scotus DC 2010 (17) OLO All Nations LI 2011 (3) Card Arinze RI 2011 (0) Courage Chicago 2011 (8) Queen of the Americas 2011 (1) Canon Law La Crosse 2011 (0) Ct Birthright 2010 (2) Short Conferences (2) Coredm La Crosse 2011 (6) Courage Emmitsburg 2012 (9) Courage Syracuse 2012 (0) Courage Chicago 2013 (10) Courage Philly 2014 (11) Courage Chicago 2015 (16) Priests Retreat 2015 (13) Fr Peter Symposium ND (13) Random Conferences (12) Priests Retreat 2012 (8) A Year of Faith in Mary (3) MIM Retreat 2012 (4) Conference for Mothers (3) 2nd Mens Leadership Conference (12) Heroic Virtue Conference (4) Lent 2016 Fr. Hollowell (3) Confidence in God (8) Penance Fr. Ignatius 2016 (0) Notre Dame MI 2016 (0) Spring 2016 Marian Day (3) Fr. Casey – Mercy, Jesus' Own Words (4) 8 Day Ignatian Retreat (25) Priests Retreat 2016 (3) Life Teen Leadership Retreat (1) Fatima Campbell 2017 (6) Catholic Schoolhouse 2017 (4) SPSE Retreat 2017 (6) Marian Shrines of the World (25) Fatima Reflections (7) A Day With Mary (200) Australia (63) UK (31) USA (3) FI Missions (8) Tour of the Catechism (80) Mariology for Everyone (40) Mary Now (54) Fatima 100 Years (0) Fatima Minute (8)
University Of Nigeria Nsukka Undergraduate List Of Courses/Requirements 2018/2019.
University Of Nigeria Nsukka Undergraduate List Of Courses/ Requirements 2018/2019. The University of Nigeria Nsukka Undergraduate List Of Courses/ Requirements is out for the 2018/2019 academic session. The University of Nigeria Nsukka wishes to inform all admission seekers who are biased on the list of courses to choose in the institution that the management has released …
The post University Of Nigeria Nsukka Undergraduate List Of Courses/Requirements 2018/2019. appeared first on Students Nigeria.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Students Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Best Ways To Spend New Years Day With Your Family In MinnesotaIt's tempting to stay in and chill the day after celebrating New Year's Eve. However, if staying at home is not your idea of starting the New Year, there are enough local family activities on New Year's Day.
MCLEAN, VA--(Marketwired - Feb 15, 2017) - Freddie Mac ( OTCQB : FMCC) announced today that it will forgo issuing a Reference Notes® security on its Feb. 15, 2017 announcement date. The company's 2017 Reference Notes calendar designates dates that it may use to announce the issuance of Reference Notes securities.
This announcement is not an offer to sell any Freddie Mac securities. Offers for any given security are made only through applicable offering circulars and related supplements, which incorporate Freddie Mac's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") on February 18, 2016; all other reports Freddie Mac filed with the SEC pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ('Exchange Act") since December 31, 2015, excluding any information "furnished" to the SEC on Form 8-K; and all documents that Freddie Mac files with the SEC pursuant to Sections 13(a), 13(c) or 14 of the Exchange Act, excluding any information "furnished" to the SEC on Form 8-K.
Freddie Mac's press releases sometimes contain forward-looking statements. A description of factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the expectations expressed in these and other forward-looking statements can be found in the company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, and its reports on Form 10-Q and Form 8-K, filed with the SEC and available on the Investor Relations page of the company's Web site at www.FreddieMac.com/investors and the SEC's Web site at www.sec.gov.
Freddie Mac makes home possible for millions of families and individuals by providing mortgage capital to lenders. Since our creation by Congress in 1970, we've made housing more accessible and affordable for homebuyers and renters in communities nationwide. We are building a better housing finance system for homebuyers, renters, lenders and taxpayers. Learn more at FreddieMac.com, Twitter @FreddieMac and Freddie Mac's blog FreddieMac.com/blog.
IPFW vs. North Dakota St. When: 7 p.m. today Where: Memorial Coliseum Records: Mastodons (17-9, 6-6 Summit League), Bison (17-8, 9-3) Radio: ESPN 1380 AM, 100.9 FM TV: WANE 15.2, Xfinity 250, Frontier 463
The IPFW men's basketball team has shortened its season, a mindset that seemed to have helped them their last time out, an overtime win Saturday over Omaha.
The Mastodons (17-9, 6-6 Summit League) are keeping the same mentality as they return to Memorial Coliseum tonight to try and avenge an earlier road loss to North Dakota State (17-8, 9-3).
“For us, we kind of shortened the season,” coach Jon Coffman said. “We hit a reset button the other day, five games (before Omaha), (saying) ‘Let's get a good flow heading into the tournament. We're still taking it one game at a time, but let's get that home stretch.'
“I think it's a good schedule with two teams (North Dakota State and South Dakota State) that got us at their place, so I feel good about where we are right now.”
Last week's loss to South Dakota at the Coliseum seemed to have flipped a switch heading into the Omaha matchup at the Gates Center.
The Mastodons say the switch will remain in the on position against the Bison tonight.
“We talked about being juiced up and (having) energy,” Mastodons center Brent Calhoun said. “I felt like that game at the Coliseum, we ran out of energy. …
“It was a five-game season, so now it's a four-game season. We have four games left, so we're going to take advantage of each game, one game at a time.”
The Mastodons are 12-2 at home this season. Tonight's game and Saturday night's game at the Gates Center will finish the home portion of the schedule.
IPFW's regular season ends with games at IUPUI on Feb. 23 and at Western Illinois on Feb. 25. The Summit League Tournament runs March 4-7.
“We have to play with a toughness about us and have to bring a lot of energy,” Calhoun said.
“I felt like going into those games on the road, going into North Dakota State, we were coming off the loss to South Dakota. We have to have toughness that we didn't have on the road. We can't get out-toughed at home.”
North Dakota State returns the most experience of any other Summit League team with six players on their roster from the NCAA tournament team in 2015-16 and 11 players from last year's Summit League Tournament runner-up team.
“With them, they've been playing all year at a high level,” Coffman said.
“They've made fewer mistakes and held their home court really, really well. Where they hurt us was getting into the paint, off their dribble-weave. Then they got to the free-throw line and we didn't. We have to do a better job getting to the free-throw line and attacking to get there.
“They have a culture like us. They're used to winning games.”
IPFW has learned a lot in the games since the Jan. 19 matchup in Fargo, North Dakota.
“Guys don't have an excuse that they haven't been through the league,” Coffman said.
“They've seen the toughness it takes to get through the league, got some tough wins. Now everything's coming down to one possession, so I think we're in a good flow right now.”
areichel@jg.net
Medical examiners have identified a man killed in a shooting in North Las Vegas May 14.
According to the Clark County Coroner's Office, 24-year-old Maurice Williams died from multiple gunshot wounds. The manner was ruled a homicide.
North Las Vegas police said officers responded to the shooting in the 3300 block of Civic Center, near Cheyenne Avenue at 11:30 p.m. Williams was found at the scene and taken to a hospital where he was pronounced dead.
Police said Williams was walking through an apartment complex when he was shot by a man.
[READ MORE: Police investigate shooting that left one man dead in North Las Vegas]
Anyone with information on this incident is urged to contact North Las Vegas police at 702-633-9111. To remain anonymous, call Crime Stoppers at 702-385-5555.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
By JOSH LEDERMAN and MATTHEW LEE
Related Articles Dianne Feinstein heckled at San Francisco town hall
Pope decries ‘vile' attack on Syrians in Easter address WASHINGTON (AP) — Can threatening war crimes charges persuade Syrian President Bashar Assad to leave power? What about guaranteeing his safety in exile? These long-shot proposals are at the center of the Trump administration's new effort to resolve Syria's six-year civil war.
Though still evolving, President Donald Trump's plans for Syria have come into clearer view since he ordered cruise missiles fired on a Syrian air base to punish Assad for a chemical weapons attack. The strategy breaks down into three basic phases: defeating the Islamic State group, restoring stability in Syria region-by-region and securing a political transition in which Assad ultimately steps down.
The approach is little different than one that failed under the Obama administration, and arguably faces greater challenges.
Assad has violently resisted all attempts to end his rule, fueling a conflict that has killed as many as a half-million people. The opposition fighting Assad is far weaker after a series of battlefield defeats. And any U.S. plan for Assad will need the cooperation of key Syria ally Russia. Trump last week said U.S.-Russian relations “may be at an all-time low.”
Still, several U.S. officials said Trump's national security team is using this month's instability in Syria to try to refocus conversations with Moscow.
Trump's cruise missile response to Syria's chemical weapons attack bolstered U.S. arguments that Russia is backing a potential war criminal in Assad, and restored America's ability to threaten military action if more atrocities occur. The officials said they hoped instead to rejuvenate cooperation with Russia on Syria, which could help begin repairing fractured ties between Washington and Moscow.
Trump's emerging plan includes these elements, according to several U.S. officials who weren't authorized to discuss internal policy considerations and demanded anonymity:
PHASE ONE: DEFEAT THE ISLAMIC STATE GROUP
Trump's airstrikes marked the first U.S. attack against Assad's forces, but there's no appetite for using America's military to depose Assad. Trump's national security adviser, H.R. McMaster, said Sunday the U.S. wasn't planning to send in more ground troops.
“Our priority remains the defeat of ISIS,” Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said last week, using another acronym for the militant group.
The group has lost much of the territory it held in Iraq and Syria. The major exception is Raqqa, the group's self-declared capital in Syria, which the U.S. and allied rebel groups are preparing to attack in coming weeks.
PHASE TWO: STABILIZATION
After IS is defeated or its threat neutralized, the administration will try to broker regional cease-fires between Assad's government and rebels. Such truces have rarely held.
The Trump administration has spoken about “interim zones of stability.” These would be different than the “safe zones” the Obama administration considered but never opted for because they would have required a U.S. military presence to enforce, potentially putting American aircraft in conflict with Syria's air force.
Under Trump's plan, the Assad government would be party to the stability zones and U.S. or Arab aircraft could ostensibly patrol them without clashing with Syrian warplanes.
With security restored, the administration hopes local leaders who were forced to flee can return and lead local governments. They could help restore basic services and police Syria. The basic idea would be Sunni forces policing predominantly Sunni areas, Kurdish forces policing Kurdish areas and so on.
At the national level, the aim is to set up a transitional authority to govern Syria temporarily. U.N.-sponsored peace talks have striven and failed for years to establish such an authority.
PHASE THREE: TRANSITION
Though Trump officials have made conflicting public statements about Assad's future, the emerging plan envisions a peaceful transfer of power. Assad's departure could occur in various ways.
One possibility foresees elections held under a new constitution, with Assad barred from running.
A grimmer possibility involves Assad going the way of former dictators Moammar Gadhafi in Libya or Saddam Hussein in Iraq, who were killed after being deposed.
A third option aims to use the threat of war crimes charges as leverage. While the administration believes Syria's government is culpable, the key is connecting the war crimes to Assad himself.
Successfully prosecuting Assad would be difficult for legal and geopolitical reasons.
Beyond Russia, Assad is supported by Iran. And the Trump administration hasn't said anything yet about working with Tehran to promote peace in Syria.
Still, it believes the threat of a war crimes investigation and an offer of safe exile somewhere outside Syria, possibly Iran or Russia, could be potentially persuasive.
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson told President Vladimir Putin and Russia's foreign minister last week in Moscow that such an offer and Assad's voluntary departure is the administration's preferred path, officials said.
“The longer time goes by, it's possible that the case will be made,” Tillerson said during a news conference. “And there are certain individuals who are working to make that case.”
POST-TRANSITION
Despite differences, Trump officials insist Russia's involvement is critical to resolving the war, given the influence it gained in Syria after helping Assad retake Syria's largest cities.
It seeks Russian support by guaranteeing Russian access to the Tartus naval base and Latakia air base in any post-Assad scenario. Yet it's unclear how the U.S. could make such an assurance given the uncertainty of who would be running Syria at that point.
Tillerson conveyed the outlines of this plan to Putin and Russian officials in Moscow, officials said, while requesting Russia to clarify its essential interests. He didn't seek an immediate response, telling Russia to think it through. It's unclear when Russia will respond, the officials said.
Best Ways To Spend New Years Day With Your Family In MinnesotaIt's tempting to stay in and chill the day after celebrating New Year's Eve. However, if staying at home is not your idea of starting the New Year, there are enough local family activities on New Year's Day.
HOFFMAN ESTATES, IL--(Marketwired - Apr 18, 2017) - Wellness Center USA, Inc. ( OTCQB : WCUI), today announced that its wholly-owned subsidiary, StealthCo, Inc., dba Stealth Mark, is expanding its anti-counterfeiting ActiveDuty System to provide actionable intelligence in the worlds of money laundering and human trafficking/slavery. The scope of the work is being conducted in collaboration with prominent organizations, and is classified in nature.
Human trafficking, believed to be the third-largest criminal activity in the world, is a form of human slavery, which includes forced labor, domestic servitude and commercial sex trafficking. It is a heinous crime that exploits the most vulnerable in society with reported figures of up to 27 million people, many of whom are here in the United States.
Recent government estimates show that money laundering in current US Dollars is $800 billion to $2 trillion. That's 2% to 5% of the global GDP. By its very nature, much like human trafficking, the deeper the "dirty money" gets into the international banking system, the more difficult it is to identify its origins. Because of the clandestine nature of these illicit activities, it has been difficult to estimate the total economic impact. With the new covert ActiveDuty it will be possible to be pro-active, instead of reactive, and start seeing the world through a new lens by creating strategy and an actionable global view that puts us ahead of those who conspire against us.
"When we created our ActiveDuty system, it was designed knowing that the advancement of the internet has made the selling of illicit goods online easy and very accessible. We knew we needed to build a powerful weapon to help defend against that threat," explained Lee Anne Patterson, VP of Sales and Marketing for Stealth Mark. "Some of our initial ActiveDuty reports have provided us powerful insights demonstrating that the links between counterfeiting, human trafficking and money laundering are heavily entwined. The same tools that we developed to fight the online battle of counterfeiting are providing a global understanding of the inter-workings of criminals that move in these circles. The opportunity to support the efforts of organizations and law enforcement to pursue criminals in this fashion is something that we are excited to be a part of and we believe this work will be impactful on numerous battle lines," Patterson added.
Development of the ActiveDuty platform for covert applications has already begun, with initial deployment planned to begin in the next 30 to 45 days.
Stealth Mark's ActiveDuty System is a proprietary Digital Threat Assessment Platform powered by mPathDiscovery. The platform utilizes leading-edge algorithmic human behavior modeling technology called Digital Sociology to provide actionable intelligence that will provide clients much more than just data. Rather, it will make available a comprehensive and global umbrella of strategic information regarding potential threats and illicit activity.
The ActiveDuty System resolves the problem that, at a strategic level, conventional methods for understanding the potential threat is not enough. It is essential to be aware of patterns of behavior, evaluate threat strengths and weaknesses over time, and explore key events and personas that drive the behavior of a threat. This is where a comprehensive understanding of aspects outside of the typical technical domain is essential to compliment the tactical and operational levels of cyber intelligence.
Secondly, geopolitical context, human networks, and world events can all greatly influence the development of cyber indicators. Together, these two concepts provide a strategic level, common cyber intelligence picture, and empower organizations with a more holistic understanding of the overall threat landscape.
Rick Howard, CEO of Stealth Mark, commented, "As we build resources to wage this point-counterpoint battle against counterfeiting, slavery and money laundering, whether it's our Intelligent Microparticles or our ActiveDuty System, it's important to remember that while all of this is very technical and highly sophisticated with statistical data that is valuable, at the end of the day we are talking about people's lives -- children, sons, daughters, wives that need help. It's important for humanity that we are successful."
All information regarding the organizations, the application(s), use, and methodologies, along with the Stealth Mark® technology in use, shall remain confidential per request until its official deployment.
About Wellness Center USA, Inc.
Wellness Center USA, Inc. (www.wellnesscenterusa.com) is a hybrid healthcare company that combines best in class technologies, software, devices, providers, protocols, goods, and services. It was created to address important healthcare and wellness needs via breakthrough solutions, all centered around the "well-being of the body and mind". Wellness Center USA, Inc. is the parent company of three businesses reporting consolidated: Stealth Mark, National Pain Centers, and Psoria-Shield.
Safe Harbor Statement:
Certain statements and projections contained in this presentation that are not statements or financial results of historical fact constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements and projections include statements regarding any proposed exchange transactions, the anticipated closing date of such transactions and future results following a closing of the transactions. Forward-looking statements can be identified by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. They often include words like "believe," "expect," "anticipate," "pending", "estimate," and "intend" or future or conditional verbs such as "will," "would," "should," "could," or "may." While it is not possible to identify all factors, risks and uncertainties that might relate to, affect or arise from the proposed transactions and plans which might cause actual results to differ materially from expected results, such factors, risks and uncertainties include delays in completing the transactions, difficulties in integrating operations following the transactions, difficulties in manufacturing and delivering products, potential market rejection of products or services, increased competitive pressures, changes in general economic conditions, legislative and regulatory changes that adversely affect the business in which the parties are engaged, changes in the securities markets and other factors, risks and uncertainties disclosed from time to time in documents that the Company files with the SEC.
“Royals do tend to choose names that are traditionally associated with monarchy rather than anything more alternative because any name needs to sit well with royal titles,” NBC News royal expert Camilla Tominey said. “The legend of King Arthur is steeped in British history, while Albert would be a fitting nod not only to Queen Victoria's beloved consort but also the Queen's father, King George VI, who was known as Bertie.”
Queen Victoria and Prince Albert in 1854, five years after their marriage. Roger Fenton / Getty Images file
Philip would be intended to honor William's grandfather, Prince Philip, who has been married to Queen Elizabeth II for 70 years.
Arthur, which is also one of William and Charles' middle names, tops the lists issued by several British bookmakers. Betting chain Ladbrokes said James had attracted the most amount of money, with Alexander also seen as potentially being in the running.
While such potential names may have long associations with the royal family, they are also among the most popular in England and Wales, according to the Office of National Statistics.
James comes in at number 12 on the list of the top 100 baby names in 2016, the most recent year for which statistics are available. It is followed by Alexander at number 21 and Arthur at 30.
Alaska Airlines stated (23-Apr-2018) capacity (ASMs) is expected to increase 6.5% year-on-year for FY2018. The carrier expects to consume 6% more fuel, or an overall 845 million gallons of fuel. Alaska expects 2Q2018 RASM to decline approximately 2.75% to 3.75%. Consolidated nonoperating expense will be approximately USD18 million in 2Q2018. [more - original PR] [more - original PR - II]
Melanie Griffith: My seizures stopped after Banderas divorce “I've been on a drug for four years... I haven't had a seizure which is amazing — but I also got divorced which I think is the real healer for...
Thank France for these classic American movies “Black Butterfly,” out Friday, is a twisty little thriller, in which a washed-up writer named Paul (Antonio Banderas) makes the mistake of picking up a sketchy drifter (Jonathan Rhys Meyers),...
Antonio Banderas says he's recovered from a heart attack Banderas says he underwent a procedure to introduce three stents in his arteries.
WICHITA, Kan. (AP) — Court records show a slain Kansas psychiatrist was stabbed about 165 times outside his clinic in Wichita last month.
The arrest affidavit for the suspect, 21-year-old Umar Dutt, was released Thursday. He's charged with first-degree murder in the Sept. 13 death of Achutha Reddy at his Holistic Psychiatry Services clinic.
The affidavit says a clinic employee reported hearing Reddy calling for help and then seeing Dutt stabbing the psychiatrist. The employee was able to briefly separate the two.
The affidavit says Reddy also suffered “blunt force trauma” and may have been run over by a vehicle.
Dutt was a patient of Reddy's. Investigators haven't released a possible motive.
Dutt is jailed on a $1 million bond. His attorney tells The Wichita Eagle “more evidence will be coming to light.”
How To Quell Wanderlust Between Trips Five tips to help cope with the strong desire to get away from it all in advance of your next big trip
5 Best Ski Lodges In The U.S. A look at five of the very best ski lodges in the United States.
Five Must-See Destinations In ParisWithin the 41 square miles of Paris, France there are over 60 main attractions for visitors to discover ranging from Museums, Churches, Monuments and Squares as well as examples of contemporary and traditional architecture. This is far too many sites for the average tourist to attempt to visit during a short stay in the city of lights. Thus a list of the five most famous and must see attractions is in order.
AB-InBev to Expand in Tanzania With New $100 Million Brewery
Anheuser-Busch InBev NV agreed to build a $100 million brewery in Tanzania as the world's biggest beermaker steps up investment on the continent to meet booming demand.
The plans for a facility in Dodoma, the East African nation's capital, were agreed following a meeting between President John Magufuli and Ricardo Tadeu, AB-InBev's head of Africa. The company is also building a brewery in Nigeria, and said earlier this month the continent was among its fastest-growing territories.
Read More: AB InBev Steps Up Spending in Africa to Match Sales Growth
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
TORONTO, ONTARIO--(Marketwired - April 17, 2017) - Sergei Stetsenko (the "Purchaser") announced that he has participated in a non-brokered private placement offering by Greatbanks Resources Ltd. (the "Company") effective March 22, 2017, wherein he purchased an aggregate 3,600,000 units of the Company (the "Units") at a price of $0.055 per Unit (the "Financing"). Each Unit consists of one common share ("Common Share") in the capital of the Company and one common share purchase warrant ("Warrant"). Each Warrant entitles the holder thereof to acquire one Common Share of the Company at a price of $0.08 until March 22, 2019.
Prior to the completion of the Financing, the Purchaser owned 6,285,000 Common Shares and 5,000,000 Warrants of the Company representing approximately 19.5% of the Company's issued and outstanding Common Shares on a non-diluted basis.
Following the Financing, the Purchaser owned an aggregate 9,885,000 Common Shares and 8,600,000 Warrants representing 15.58% of the issued and outstanding Common Shares of the Company on a non-diluted basis and 25.65% on a partially diluted basis.
The Common Shares were purchased for investment purposes. The Purchaser has a long-term view of the investment and may acquire additional shares either on the open market or through private acquisitions or sell the shares either on the open market or through private dispositions in the future depending on market conditions, reformulation of plans and/or other relevant factors.
A copy of the early warning report with respect to the foregoing will appear with Greatbank's profile on the System for Electronic Document Analysis and Retrieval at www.sedar.com.
Bill Cosby arrives at the Montgomery County Courthouse during his sexual assault trial, Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in Norristown, Pa. (AP Photo/Matt Slocum)
Bill Cosby arrives for jury deliberations in his sexual assault trial at the Montgomery County Courthouse in Norristown, Pa., Wednesday, June 14, 2017.
Bill Cosby arrives for jury deliberations in his sexual assault trial at the Montgomery County Courthouse in Norristown, Pa., Wednesday, June 14, 2017.
Bill Cosby arrives for jury deliberations in his sexual assault trial at the Montgomery County Courthouse in Norristown, Pa., Wednesday, June 14, 2017.
Bill Cosby arrives for jury deliberations in his sexual assault trial at the Montgomery County Courthouse in Norristown, Pa., Wednesday, June 14, 2017.
Bill Cosby arrives at his sexual assault trial for another day of jury deliberations at the Montgomery County Courthouse, Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in Norristown, Pa.
Bill Cosby arrives at his sexual assault trial for another day of jury deliberations at the Montgomery County Courthouse, Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in Norristown, Pa.
Bill Cosby arrives at his sexual assault trial for another day of jury deliberations at the Montgomery County Courthouse, Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in Norristown, Pa.
Bill Cosby replies to a supporter as he arrives at the Montgomery County Courthouse during his sexual assault trial, Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in Norristown, Pa.
Bill Cosby gives a thumbs-up as he arrives at his sexual assault trial for another day of jury deliberations at the Montgomery County Courthouse, Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in Norristown, Pa.
Bill Cosby arrives at his sexual assault trial for another day of jury deliberations at the Montgomery County Courthouse, Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in Norristown, Pa.
Bill Cosby gives a thumbs up as he arrives at his sexual assault trial for another day of jury deliberations at the Montgomery County Courthouse, Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in Norristown, Pa.
The Associated Press
The Latest on the sexual assault trial of Bill Cosby (all times local):
5:45 p.m.
The jury in Bill Cosby's sexual assault case appears ready to work late for the third night in a row.
Jurors asked for testimony about a detective's interview with Cosby in early 2005. The comedian acknowledged groping Andrea Constand after giving her pills.
Judge Stephen O'Neill says a court reporter is racing to transcribe that portion of last week's testimony. The jurors ordered strombolis for dinner while they wait.
Cosby is charged with drugging and molesting Andrea Constand at his home in 2004. He says it was consensual.
The jury has been weighing Cosby's fate for more than 24 hours over three days.
___
3:10 p.m.
The jury in Bill Cosby's sexual assault trial has reviewed Andrea Constand's testimony about the night she says the comedian drugged and violated her.
Jurors had portions of Constand's testimony read back to them Wednesday. Constand testified last week that Cosby gave her pills, helped her to a couch and groped her without her permission while she was passed out, unable to stop him.
The 79-year-old comedian faces three felony counts of aggravated indecent assault stemming from the encounter at his suburban Philadelphia home in 2004.
The defense argues that Cosby and Constand were lovers sharing a consensual sexual encounter.
Jurors have deliberated some 21 hours since getting the case Monday.
___
This story has been corrected to show that jurors reviewed only a portion of Andrea Constand's testimony, not the entire transcript.
___
12:55 p.m.
Deliberations at Bill Cosby's sexual assault trial are well into a third day as jurors weigh charges that could send the 79-year-old comedian to prison for the rest of his life.
Jurors went straight to the deliberation room Wednesday and remained there, with wraps and hoagies arriving for lunch. The panel hasn't had any questions so far Wednesday. They asked four during the first two days of deliberations.
Cosby faces three felony counts of aggravated indecent assault. He's accused of drugging and violating a woman at his suburban Philadelphia home in 2004.
Cosby's lawyers argued that he and the woman, Andrea Constand, were lovers and that the encounter was consensual.
Jurors had asked to hear parts of Cosby's damaging decade-old deposition testimony about pills and sex and testimony about Constand's first police report.
___
9:20 a.m.
Jury deliberations have entered a third day in the Bill Cosby sexual assault trial.
Jurors already have spent about 16 hours discussing whether the 79-year-old star drugged and molested a woman at his suburban Philadelphia home more than a decade ago. He says it was consensual.
Cosby is charged with three counts of felony aggravated indecent assault.
The jury resumed deliberating Wednesday morning with Cosby in the courthouse.
___
9 a.m.
Bill Cosby has arrived for the start of Day 3 of jury deliberations in his sexual assault trial.
Cosby entered the suburban Philadelphia courthouse Wednesday morning on the arm of his spokesman.
Jurors are deliberating over whether he drugged and assaulted a woman at his home in 2004. He says the encounter was consensual.
The jury has deliberated for about 16 hours so far.
After the jury adjourned late Tuesday, Cosby shouted the "Fat Albert" catchphrase, "Hey, hey, hey" and gave a thumbs-up as he got in his SUV.
___
1:15 a.m.
The frenzy outside the courthouse is growing larger and wilder with each day of jury deliberations in Bill Cosby's sexual assault case.
The media presence has ballooned as the verdict seems near. Hotel rooms are sold out for miles. Victim advocates grow in number on the courthouse steps, and the Cosby camp's spin grows louder.
Deliberations have worn on for about 16 hours since the jury got the case on Monday night. They'll resume Wednesday morning.
Cosby spokesman Andrew Wyatt has been a central part of the show outside the courthouse. He's drawn throngs of cameras with his updates on Cosby's mood and assertions that the 79-year-old comedian isn't getting a fair shake.
Jurors are weighing three counts of felony aggravated indecent assault that could put Cosby in prison for the rest of his life.
___
For more on Cosby, including trial updates, historical photos, videos and an audio series exploring the case, visit http://www.apnews.com/tag/CosbyonTrial.
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
By Sam McPherson
Last Monday in this space, we recommended fantasy baseball team owners drop catcher/first baseman Alex Avila after his trade from the Detroit Tigers to the Chicago Cubs. Then, the defending World Series champions suddenly lose their top catcher to an injury a few days later, and Avila suddenly has fantasy relevancy once again. It's a tough world to stay on top of for six months straight, isn't it?
The Avila example above is an extreme case, but it's not just injuries and trades you have to keep an eye on at this point in the season if you want to win your league. The time is drawing near when a lot of MLB teams that don't have postseason aspirations in 2017 are going to be bringing up rookie players for a quick look so they know what they have for 2018.
How can this affect your team? You could have a productive player in your lineup that is suddenly displaced because of a rookie promotion. We see this happen every season in fantasy baseball, because for teams with no shot at the Fall Classic, it's more important to see what the rookie has to offer than it is for the club to win meaningless games with fringe veterans—even if those vets are producing for your fantasy team.
Players to Get Onto Your Roster Now
1. Hyun-Jin Ryu, SP, Los Angeles Dodgers: Of course, any Dodgers regular you can add to your roster probably will help you win the league title. But Ryu looks like he's finally healthy now after missing the entire 2015 season and most of 2016 with an injury. He is striking out batters at a career-high rate (8.8 strikeouts per nine innings pitched), and since the All-Star break, Ryu has a 1.88 ERA.
2. Eddie Rosario, OF, Minnesota Twins: He's not a rookie, but he has put together a nice season very quietly. If you need OF help, Rosario could be your guy. At age 25, he's having his best season. Through 106 games, he's hit 16 home runs, driven in 46 runs and hitting .293 overall. Those are solid numbers for a fifth OF on your roster. He currently is hitting .311 in the second half.
3. Tim Beckham, 2B/SS, Baltimore Orioles: The word is that he will only be starting until the Os regular shortstop returns from a wrist injury, but we're not buying that. First off, wrist injuries are notoriously hard to recover from, and Beckham is currently hitting .531 with a 1.488 OPS since Baltimore traded for him. The Orioles would be stupid to take him out of the lineup. Pick him up if you can and never fear.
4. Edwin Jackson, SP, Washington Nationals: Bear with us here. Since joining the Nats, the 33-year-old journeyman has three wins and a 3.30 ERA in five starts. Washington has a good lineup behind him, and Jackson is experienced enough to not get into too much trouble. If you need wins, he could help your team. Also, Jackson's 7.5 Ks/9 IP rate with the Nationals isn't going to hurt you, nor will his 1.067 WHIP with the team, either.
Players to Sit/Drop This Week
1. Bud Norris, RP, Los Angeles Angels: On May 1, we recommended picking him up for some cheap saves. Eighteen of those cheap saves later, Norris has reverted to the mediocre pitcher he has been throughout his career, and he's no longer closing games for the Halos after two big blown chances in a row. With an 11.2 Ks/9 IP rate, he still could work his way back into the closer spot, but we doubt it. Let him go.
2. Johnny Cueto, SP, San Francisco Giants: A month after hitting the disabled list, Cueto barely is throwing the ball right now, reportedly. If he was healthier, the Giants probably would have traded him by now. You can drop him and approach with caution next year in the draft after his disappointing 31-year-old season (4.59 ERA, 1.401 WHIP).
3. Jonathan Villar, UTL, Milwaukee Brewers: He's been a one-trick pony this year with 21 steals and a .222 average, and now Villar will be out of a job soon thanks to the Brewers' acquisition of Neil Walker via trade with the New York Mets on Saturday. This was a disappointing campaign after he stole 62 bases last year while hitting .285 overall.
4. Troy Tulowitzki, SS, Toronto Blue Jays: He will be 33 this October, and this could be the end for the five-time All-Star selection. Since being traded from Colorado to Toronto in 2015, he's been extremely mediocre. He is out for the year now with an ankle injury, and that might help the Blue Jays since his bat (.678 OPS in 66 games) hasn't been very good. You may want to avoid him in next year's draft, sadly.
The government of Lagos State has destroyed illegal movies and equipment worth N10m.
The Executive Secretary, Lagos State Film and Video Censors Board, Mr. Dele Balogun, on Tuesday said the movies included pirated and unclassified local and international movies, as well as duplicating machines which were seized in a raid on some areas of the state.
He said, “The burning of the confiscated illegal movies was done to discourage people dealing in such items. It will be a continuous exercise to rid the state of the sale of such items. Those that were caught with the illegal films have been prosecuted.”
Mexico's Pemex launches the biggest ever EM corporate eurobond
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has raked in over N113 million from the sale of nomination forms to aspirants for various national offices in the December 9 National Elective Convention.
A document revealed that the party actually sold nomination forms to 87 aspirants.
While the party sold forms to National Chairman aspirants for N3 million each, that of Deputy National Chairman went for N2 million, while that of National Secretary and Deputy National Secretary went for N2 million and N1.5 million, respectively.
Others are: National Legal Adviser, National Treasurer, Deputy National Legal Adviser, National Organising Secretary, National Youth Leader, National Publicity Secretary, National Women's Leader, which sold for N1.5 million each, while positions like Deputy National Organising Secretary, Deputy National Financial Organising Secretary, Deputy National Auditor, Deputy National Treasurer, Deputy National Youth Leader, National Ex-Officios among others were sold for N500,000 each.
Consequently, the opposition party realised N27 million from the nine chairmanship aspirants, N26 million from the 13 aspirants for Deputy National Chairman and N6 million from the three aspirants for National Secretary.
Others are N43.5million from 29 contestants vying for positions of Deputy National Secretary, National Legal Adviser, National Treasurer, Deputy National Legal Adviser, National Organising Secretary, National Youth Leader, National Publicity Secretary and National Women's Leader.
It also realised N16.5 million from the 33 contenders of Deputy National Organising Secretary, Deputy National Financial Organising Secretary, Deputy National Auditor, Deputy National Treasurer, Deputy National Youth Leader, National Ex-Officios, among others
Four organisations share real-world insights into staffing a successful AI effort from the ground up.
Once a niche research specialty, AI is fast becoming a vital aspect of the IT strategy at many businesses. The maturity of data science and machine learning tools, as well as the rise of readily accessible machine learning platforms in the cloud, are fueling this trend, enabling businesses to explore new ways to extract high business value from existing and accumulating data.
But to make the most of AI in the enterprise, you have to have a strong team of AI practitioners in place. Here, we take a look at how four organisations are taking on the challenge of putting together a top-flight AI team to tackle new projects.
What successful AI looks like
When first building an AI department, it's important to know that successful AI requires multiple roles with differing skillsets.
[ Find the why you should invest in AI talent now. | Retain your best by knowing the 9 reasons good employees leave -- and how you can prevent it. | Keep up on the latest CIO insights with our CIO Daily newsletter. ]
“At first, we attempted to recruit for a single role – a data scientist – who had the all of the capabilities we needed. That approach did not work out,” says Chris Brazdziunas, vice president of products at LogRhythm, a security intelligence company.
“In our experience, we found that an AI group needs at least three distinct roles: a data engineer to organise the data, a data scientist to investigate the data and a software engineer to implement applications.”
Over the past 12 months, LogRhythm has hired five people into its AI group and plans to grow the group to 10 people over the next year.
For professional services firm EY, AI roles break down along three lines.
“In our approach to AI, we currently see three parts: generating information, interpreting information and making judgment about that information,” says Martin Fiore, EY Americas tax talent leader. Thus far, for EY, “the generating information capability is currently the strongest,” Fiore adds.
Thomson Reuters' AI efforts have evolved to the point where the interpretation piece is in production. Developed in cooperation with Reuters journalists, Reuters News Tracer was built using AI.
“This application consumes information from Twitter and filters out news from the noise. It can distinguish between a rumor and a fact with approximately 70 percent accuracy,” explains Khalid Al-Kofahi, head of the cognitive computing center at Thomson Reuters.
Here, Thomson Reuters has already translated AI skills into a product in support of its business.
Recruiting and retaining AI talent
AI professionals are in high demand. To assemble -- and maintain -- an AI team, retention and recruitment are key. But that doesn't necessarily mean having to look outside the organisation.
Developing AI talent internally is part of EY's approach.
“In EY's tax group, we provide extensive training on technical tax matters. However, we are also starting to add training on automation and AI. While recruiting a graduate with degrees in tax and AI is excellent, there is a significant talent shortage. That is one of the reasons we put resources in upskilling our people,” says Fiore. In the past year, EY has hired over 20 professionals focused on automation and AI.
Recruiting AI talent in a hot hiring market often requires going directly to academic institutions.
“Being active in the community – especially presenting at conferences and publishing papers – has supported our recruiting efforts. We have also presented at Columbia, MIT, and other leading organisations,” explains Thomson Reuters' Al-Kofahi.
But bringing a new hire in the door is not enough. You also need them to stick around.
“When it comes to retention of AI professionals, a few factors make an important difference. First, it has helped us to think through the career path and show what other opportunities are available. Second, we encourage our staff to actively participate in the professional community, including presenting at conferences, attending Meetups and other activities,” LogRhythm's Brazdziunas says.
Professional development is not the only way to grow: Autonomy is also important.
“In addition to external activities, we support giving our AI talent time at the office to carry out their investigations and generate new ideas,” Brazdziunas adds. For professionals interested in research, such support will go a long way.
How to organize your AI efforts
In the technology industry, Bell Labs and Xerox's PARC loom large as examples of corporate support for research. In addition to broad research units such as Google X, several organisations are creating AI-focused organisations. In Canada, Royal Bank has invested heavily in AI by establishing an AI research lab in Edmonton. Pure research is not the only way to structure your AI organisation. Consider the approach that Thomson Reuters has followed.
“Our organisation has three major groups: traditional research, application development, and user experience,” explains Al-Kofahi. “My philosophy for the group combines two themes: following the business and leading the business. That means that we deliver incremental improvements for the business and create entirely new ideas and products.”
When it comes to moving AI concepts and products from the world of computer science to business use, paying attention to user experience is key.
“In my view, AI is the new UI,” explains Elliott Yama, assistant vice president of machine learning at software provider Apttus. “Max, our AI assistant, is designed to be used conversationally and ask to follow-up questions,” Yama adds.
User experience design is a focus at Thomson Reuters as well.
“If you want to build applications that will change how professionals get their job done, the user experience is a big part of this story,” Al-Kofahi says.
Alternative AI staffing solution: Freelance marketplaces
What if your organisation is just not ready to recruit a computer science Ph.D.? There are other ways to get started in AI.
Anand Kulkarni, founder and CEO of Crowdbotics, has hired three machine learning specialists from Upwork, a large talent marketplace. Crowdbotics is far from alone. According to Upwork's Q1 2017 Skills Index report, demand for AI skills is the second fastest growing skill set. With multiple opportunities available, contractors may be a good addition.
Using freelance talent, Crowdbotics' AI efforts have been able to improve the accuracy of project estimates for its clients. “If you are building something like a database-driven web application, we have the capability to improve development. This includes suggesting using specific libraries in development. In some cases, we can cut total development time in half,” says Kulkarni.
But Kulkarni offers caution to organisations starting out with AI. In Crowdbotics' experience, improved estimation and automation only succeeds in cases where the AI has meaningful historical information to reference. So, if you are developing something completely new, consider whether AI is truly right for you.
Here, tapping contractors may be the best first step in finding out.
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
The Group Managing Director of the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation, Maikanti Baru, on Friday visited Vice President Yemi Osinbajo befoe heading to the office of the Chief of Staff to the President, Abba Kyari. The People's Democrati...
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
The Alabama Republican Party stuck with Roy Moore until the bitter end last year, even as accusations of sexual misconduct with teenage girls sunk his Senate campaign.
Now the party has another mess on its hands: Jim Bonner, who shares the last name of a well-known political family in the state and is known for his racist and anti-Semitic social media posts, could be poised for an upset in next week's primary for a seat on a regulatory board.
Republican leaders are handling this race quite differently. On Tuesday night, their candidate committee issued a public censure and condemnation of Bonner's campaign.
“Mr. Bonner's recent comments on his social media as well as radio shows are not condoned by the Alabama Republican Party,” state party chair Terry Lathan said in a statement announcing the strong and unequivocal rebuke. “Mr. Bonner is welcome to his opinions and his First Amendment right of free speech. The Alabama Republican Party is welcome to our opinion as well, and we reject the egregious comments Mr. Bonner continues to spew. Furthermore, the ALGOP Candidate Committee unanimously urges Republican voters in the June 5 primary to NOT cast votes for Jim Bonner for the Public Service Commission, Place 1."
Moore — even before last year's misconduct allegations, which he denies — also had a history of making incendiary and offensive comments. The former judge has said that homosexuality should be illegal, that Muslims should not be allowed to serve in Congress, and that 9/11 might have been a punishment for the United States turning away from Christianity.
But ditching Moore after he beat establishment-backed Luther Strange in the primary did not even appear to be a consideration until after the Washington Post broke the first stories about Moore and his accusers. A 21-member state party steering committee discussed the scandal at a mid-November meeting, and then reaffirmed support for Moore's candidacy: "Alabamians will be the ultimate jury in this election — not the media or those from afar,” Lathan said then.
So what makes Bonner different from Moore? Party officials won't elaborate.
“At this time our statement speaks for itself regarding this current situation," an Alabama Republican Party spokesperson replied via email to BuzzFeed News.
Bonner's Facebook posts, which have been reported in detail by the Alabama Political Reporter website, are peppered with offensive content: “I'm sorry I called you a fat stripper. Everybody knows you are not a stripper,” read a post from April. “Eight more days and black history month will be over for another year,” read another from February. Then there's a February 2017 post that shows an image of Adolf Hitler on a note that says “my love for u burns like 6,000 jews” — “Awwwww I got a Valentine!!!!” Bonner wrote alongside the photo.
The Alabama Political Reporter also noted examples of Bonner liking and defending the use of the n-word.
In a telephone interview Wednesday, Bonner said he does not consider himself anti-Semitic or racist.
Bonner, who is challenging Republican incumbent Jeremy Oden in the primary, also believes he's being targeted because he vows to be tough on the utilities the board regulates: “Roy Moore was a moral issue, not a money issue. They can stand a little moral disenfranchisement.”
But Bonner also said he welcomes the attention the censure and condemnation bring.
“Bless their hearts,” he said. “I couldn't buy this kind of publicity.”
Want More News Like This?
CAPA Membership gives you access to all news and analysis on the site, along with access to many areas of our comprehensive databases and toolsets.
VANCOUVER, BC--(Marketwired - April 17, 2017) - American Hotel Income Properties REIT LP ("AHIP") (TSX: HOT.UN) ( OTCQX : AHOTF) announced today a cash distribution of US$0.054 per limited partnership unit ("Unit") for the period of April 1, 2017 to April 30, 2017, which is equivalent to US$0.648 per Unit on an annualized basis. The distribution will be paid on May 15, 2017 to unitholders of record at the close of business on April 28, 2017.
The policy of AHIP is to pay cash distributions on or about the 15th day of each month to the unitholders of record on the last business day of the preceding month.
Q1 2017 FINANCIAL RESULTS CONFERENCE CALL
AHIP intends to release its financial results for the three months ended March 31, 2017, after the close of the Toronto Stock Exchange on Wednesday, May 10, 2017.
Management will host a conference call at 4:00 p.m. (Eastern), 1:00 p.m. (Pacific) on Thursday, May 11, 2017 to review the financial results and corporate results for the three months ended March 31, 2017.
To participate in this conference call, please dial one of the following numbers approximately 10 minutes prior to the commencement of the call, and ask to join the AHIP conference call.
Dial in numbers: Toll free: 1-877-291-4570 International or local Toronto 1-647-788-4919
CONFERENCE CALL REPLAY
If you cannot participate on Thursday, May 11, 2017, a replay of the conference call will be available by dialing one of the following replay numbers. You will be able to dial in and listen to the conference call replay two hours after the call end time, and the replay will be available until Thursday, May 25, 2017. An audio recording of this conference call will also be available at www.ahipreit.com under the "Investor Info/Presentations & Calls" tab.
Please enter replay PIN number 8586729 followed by the # key.
Replay dial in numbers: Toll free: 1-800-585-8367 International or local Toronto 1-416-621-4642
ABOUT AMERICAN HOTEL INCOME PROPERTIES REIT LP
AHIP is a limited partnership formed under the Limited Partnerships Act (Ontario) to invest in hotel real estate properties located substantially in the United States and engaged primarily in the transportation-oriented, branded, select-service and rail crew lodging sectors.
AHIP's long-term objectives are to: (i) generate stable and growing cash distributions from hotel properties substantially in the U.S.; (ii) enhance the value of its assets and maximize the long-term value of the hotel properties through active asset management; and (iii) expand its asset base and increase its AFFO per Unit through an accretive acquisition program, participation in strategic development opportunities and improvements to its properties through targeted value-added capital expenditure programs.
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
Additional information relating to AHIP, including its other public filings, is available on SEDAR at www.sedar.com and on AHIP's website at www.ahipreit.com.
THE TORONTO STOCK EXCHANGE HAS NOT REVIEWED AND DOES NOT ACCEPT RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE ADEQUACY OR THE ACCURACY OF THIS NEWS RELEASE.
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
After he denied knowing anything about a vehicle a 23-year-old man was connected to it when the last registered owner said he had sold the car to him.
John Lynch, Castlevue Park, Moira, admitted driving without insurance and not having a licence when he appeared last Thursday at Banbridge Magistrates Court.
For each offence he was fined £150 and banned from driving for six months.
The court heard that on July 15 at 1.30am police saw a car on the Lurgan Road in Banbridge. Checks showed there was no insurance.
When they spoke to the defendant he denied any knowledge of the vehicle but the last registered owner said he had sold it to Lynch who then admitted it was him who was driving.
Mr Peter Murphy, defending, said his client had a relevant record and had been disqualified previously. He explained that Lynch's father had died of a massive heart attack and Lynch, who worked with his father, was trying to save the family business.
Mr Murphy added that the defendant foolishly went and bought this car and was detected by police.
District Judge, Mr Paul Copeland, said Lynch was no stranger to this sort of offence and a disqualification was inevitable.
Hacker Pleads Guilty to Yahoo Breach, Hit Half Billion Accounts
A Canadian man pleaded guilty Tuesday to charges stemming from a massive breach at Yahoo that authorities say was directed by two Russian intelligence agents and affected at least a half billion user accounts.
Karim Baratov appeared in a jail jumpsuit before a federal judge and entered the pleas to one count of conspiracy to commit computer fraud and abuse and eight counts of aggravated identity theft. He gave "yes" and "no" answers to questions from the judge about his pleas but said nothing more.
He is scheduled for sentencing on Feb. 20.
U.S. law enforcement officials call the 22-year-old Baratov a "hacker-for-hire" and say as part of his plea deal, he acknowledged hacking more than 11,000 webmail accounts on behalf of the Russian Federal Security Service, or FSB, and other customers from around 2010 until his March arrest.
Outside court Tuesday, Baratov's attorneys said their client hacked only eight accounts for the Russians and did not know that he was working for Russian agents connected to the Yahoo breach. Baratov was arrested in Hamilton, Ontario, and later agreed to forego an extradition hearing and face the U.S. charges.
"He's been transparent and forthright with the government since he got here," said one of his attorneys, Andrew Mancilla.
The Russian agents, Dmitry Dokuchaev and Igor Sushchin, used the information they stole from Yahoo to spy on Russian journalists, U.S. and Russian government officials and employees of financial services and other private businesses, according to prosecutors.
Dokuchaev, Sushchin and a third Russian national, Alexsey Belan, were also named in the indictment filed in February, though it's not clear whether they will ever set foot in an American courtroom since there's no extradition treaty with Russia.
Though the U.S. government had previously charged individual Russian hackers with cybercrime -- as well as hackers directly linked to the Chinese and Iranian governments -- this was the first criminal case to name as defendants sitting members of the FSB for hacking charges, the Justice Department said.
Yahoo user accounts began being compromised at least as early as 2014.
Dokuchaev and Sushchin turned to Baratov after learning that one of their targets had accounts at webmail providers other than Yahoo, prosecutors said.
© 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: iStock/Artist's concept.
Former Georgia Gov. Sonny Perdue is the leading candidate for secretary of agriculture, according to a report Monday.
Perdue and Trump met in November and Politico reported he is the leading contender for the post.
“I'm interested in helping the country,” Perdue, 70, said after his meeting at Trump Tower.
“I told President-elect Trump that I would be happy to serve from Georgia, where I am very happily living with my wife and 14 grandchildren, or I'd be happy to serve him if he thought I could be helpful to him here in DC.”
Besides Perdue, the Trump transition team has looked at Texas A&M University President Elsa Murano, former Texas Agriculture Commissioner Susan Combs and North Dakota Sen. Heidi Heitkamp, a Democrat.
About this series
Award-winning cartoonist Jeremy Banks (Banx) has been a professional freelance cartoonist since 1980.
His gags have entertained readers of the FT since 1989 and been published in other newspapers and magazines the world over.
He is also a writer and film-maker.
Sushant Singh Rajput has opted out of "Chanda MamaDoor Ke" due to date conflicts but plans to develop his own space movie, according to a release. The 32-year-old actor, who was recently in news for buying land on the Moon, plans to make what he claims would be India's first space film, to be developed via Innsaei Ventures Pvt Ltd, a company a co-founded by Rajput and entrepreneur Varun Mathur.
"Sushant's passion for the Moon and space is second to none in this sphere. He has unparalleled interest to learn more about the universe, and to delve into anything that might help him understand this phenomenon further. However, since there was a lot of up and down in this film, Sushant will not be able to give his dates to this project (Chanda Mama...) since he has his hands full with many projects.
"Having said that, it does not mean we won't be making a space film. Innsaei Ventures is quite keen on making a space film and Sushant will be working on this very soon. I extend my very best wishes to Mr Sanjay Puran Singh (the director of Chanda Mama...) and Mr Viki Rajani for this film. I hope it brings them great success," Mathur said in a statement.
The actor is currently working on Abhishek Chaubey's dacoit drama Son Chiriya, in which he will be seen sharing screen space with Bhumi Pednekar. He has also wrapped up the shoot of Kedarnath, which marks the debut of Saif Ali Khan's daughter, Sara Ali Khan. Apart from Son Chiriya & Kedarnath, he will also be seen in upcoming films, Drive and the remake of 'Fault In Our Stars'.
LVMPD officer David Anthony was awarded the title of PETA's 2018 Sexiest Vegan Next Door (PETA / FOX5).
PETA honored a Las Vegas police officer with the title of 'Sexiest Vegan Next Door.'
Officer David Anthony was singled out among contestants across the U.S. for his bravery after jumping into action during the Las Vegas mass shooting on Oct. 1, 2017, although he was off-duty. Anthony has served on the force for eight years.
After the shooting, Las Vegas vegan restaurant Vegenation kindly provided dinner for Anthony and his unit.
"I was touched to see my vegan community come forward to help my law-enforcement community reflect after such a heartbreaking tragedy," Anthony said.
PETA's president said Anthony demonstrated positive attributes that led him to earn the title
"Between his impressive physique and his huge heart for animals, Officer David Anthony is a force to be reckoned with," said PETA Executive Vice President Tracy Reiman. "PETA encourages anyone who's inspired by his compassion, strength, and energy to give going vegan a try."
When he's not patrolling the streets of Las Vegas, Anthony enjoys spending time with his wife and son, who joined him in living a vegan lifestyle. He's also a gym enthusiast and an avid video gamer. He credits his post-workout recovery time to his vegan diet.
"During the first four months my cholesterol dropped from 222 to 145," Anthony said. "I'd be an idiot to look back. Eating meat is murder/suicide. Murder for the animals and suicide for me."
PETA awarded Anthony a vacation for two to Maui, Hawaii.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
By Stephen Iervolino
ABC/Randy Holmes
(LOS ANGELES) — Tom Cruise may have suffered an injury while performing a stunt on the London set of Mission: Impossible 6.
In a video obtained by ABC News, the actor is seen leaping off a platform, while attached to a bungee cord. Cruise, 55, lands short of the building he was aiming for and catches himself with his hands.
Cruise is shown limping away, apparently attempting to avoid putting pressure on his right leg.
A rep for the actor and Paramount, the studio behind the forthcoming sixth installment of the action-spy franchise that is due out July 27, 2018, did not immediately respond to ABC News' request for comment.
Cruise is known for doing his own stunts. The thrill-seeking actor has explained why he prefers to do it himself.
“I've trained for 30 years doing things like this,” he said back in 2013 on The Graham Norton Show. “It allows us to put cameras in places that you're not normally able to do. When I started producing Mission: Impossible, I started developing different action around what I could physically train doing.”
Robert Elswit, director of photography for 2015's Rogue Nation, said Cruise will “figure out a way to do” any stunt himself.
“I'm always stunned,” Elswit told The Hollywood Reporter that year. “What inside of him makes it possible for anybody to do that kind of s*** and not be scared s*******? He loves it.”
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Source:: Entertainment
BUCKSPORT — “Bucksport strong” is a motto that has appeared on the backs of many a Bucksport T-shirt over the years. But just how strong is Bucksport exactly?
Now, area residents can answer that question themselves at the newly remodeled fitness center in the G.H. Jewett School.
“I'm pretty pumped on how this turned out,” said Nick Tymoczko, the operations director for the YMCA in Bucksport.
Earlier this year, Tymoczko asked for feedback from people using the old fitness center down the hall. He found that the center was in need of an upgrade, and he submitted a successful proposal for the Town Council to help support the YMCA's effort to remodel the gym.
With $8,000 from the Town Council, Tymoczko and other YMCA workers got to work reupholstering the cardio equipment, putting down a new floor and slapping a fresh coat of bright purple-and-gold paint on the walls.
“I'm proud of the atmosphere we're going to have,” said the Bucksport native at the fitness center's grand opening on Monday. “Above anything else, it's going to be a social environment. People will be able to come chat, and that's the whole mind-body-spirit connection.”
The gym will have a morning and an evening supervisor, which Tymoczko hopes will help enhance the social feel of the place.
“They'll be a welcoming face,” he said. “I don't need a muscle-head walking up to you and challenging you to a bench press. I want someone who wants you to feel as good as they do.”
The evening supervisor, Eleanor Shorey, embodies that attitude. Earlier this year, Shorey underwent a gastric sleeve surgery and a severe emotional funk.
Coming to the Jewett fitness center to hit the weights and the elliptical, she said, has been an uplifting experience.
“I love how it has helped me confidence-wise,” said the 46-year-old. “Just being here is great for me.”
One of Shorey's tasks is to help members learn to safely use the wide range of equipment at the fitness center, which includes treadmills, elliptical machines, stationary bikes, a rowing machine, kettlebells, exercise balls and free weights.
“Hopefully I'll be able to help others here as well,” she said.
One of those people Shorey might help paid a visit to the fitness center at the grand opening.
“I work at the senior center, so I can just come by and a get a workout in,” said Sue Ann Craig, the director of the Bucksport Senior Center. “It's in a very central location, close to the schools and the health center.”
Membership at the fitness center is $10 a month. The gym is open 6 a.m. to 7 p.m. Monday through Friday and from 7 a.m. to noon on Saturdays. For more information, call 469-3518.
"How do you reconcile public safety and the First Amendment?" That's the question Charlottesville, Va., Mayor Mike Signer asked in an interview on Sunday.
And it's a question city and state governments are likely grappling with after the weekend's violence in Charlottesville.
Around the country, white nationalists and other groups have protested efforts to remove statues and other symbols of the Confederacy. As counter-demonstrators arrive to protest the white nationalists, the resulting scenes are often tense and brimming with the potential for violence.
State and local officials prepared for Saturday's protests in Charlottesville, which were known about for months. But in the wake of fierce brawling in the streets of the usually quiet college town, and then a driver plowing his car into a crowd of pedestrians, killing one and injuring 19, many are asking what Charlottesville authorities could have done differently—and what could be done to prevent such violence in the future.
City Permitting and Free Speech
Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe told NPR's Morning Edition that local authorities had done what they could to head off the fighting that erupted, but that they were foiled by a federal judge's decision to allow the Unite The Right rally to go on in Charlottesville's Emancipation Park.
Charlottesville tried to revoke the permit it had issued for the rally to be held in Emancipation Park, in order to move the protestors about a mile away to McIntire Park, which offered more open space.
"That was the place it should have been. We were unfortunately sued by the ACLU and the judge ruled against us," McAuliffe said. "That rally should not have been in the middle of downtown ... where [people] dispersed all over the city streets, and it became a powder keg. We've got to look at these permits, and we've got to look at where we put these rallies and protesters."
The ACLU responded that the injunction was the city's fault because it mounted a weak legal case.
"The Governor's anger about what happened is understandable," ACLU Virginia Executive Director Claire Guthrie Hastings said in a statement to NPR. "We are angry, too. The situation that occurred was preventable, and our lawsuit challenging the City to act constitutionally did not cause it. ... All we did was ask the City to live up to the requirements of the Constitution. That it failed to do so is on the City, not us."
Charlottesville Police Tactics Scrutinized
Also under scrutiny was the action – or inaction – of the Charlottesville police.
McAuliffe told Morning Edition that the police did "a magnificent job," and said the potential for violence had been high.
"They had to be very careful," the governor said. "We had been planning for this for a while. We had to show tremendous restraint because ... these people all came armed. I've never seen so many weapons. These people were wearing better gear than my own state police were wearing. They had body armor, helmets. I mean people were walking around with semi-automatic rifles through the streets."
"[If] one person fired one shot, it would have been a melee, and I would be talking to you today with a lot of body bags. None of that happened."
"Think of this," McAuliffe said. "Not one window was shattered, not one ounce of property damage, not one shot fired, and not one person went to the hospital, except for the 19 who were hit by a car terrorist. Which, you can't, you know – there's no preparation's that's gonna prepare for some nut, some murderer, who's going to turn his car into a weapon and run through a crowd."
But both protesters and counter-protesters criticized the police response.
"There was no police presence," Brittany Caine-Conley, a minister in training who locked arms with other clergy members in counter-protest, told The New York Times. "We were watching people punch each other; people were bleeding all the while police were inside of barricades at the park, watching. It was essentially just brawling on the street and community members trying to protect each other."
Princeton professor and activist Cornel West, who was also at the protest, told The Washington Post "the police didn't do anything in terms of protecting the people of the community, the clergy."
To Unite The Right rally's organizer, Jason Kessler, was also critical. "Charlottesville refused to honor permit as ordered by a federal judge. CPD didn't even show up until 1.5 hrs into the permit," he tweeted. "Inside the park was peaceful. Outbreaks of violence occurred where police refused to separate or even pushed the feuding groups together."
White nationalist Richard Spencer, another organizer, said the police had failed to protect the people who had gathered for the rally. "We came here as a demonstration of our movement," Spencer told the Post. "And we were effectively thrown to the wolves."
The ACLU's Hastings also criticized the policing on Saturday, which she said "was not designed to be ... effective in preventing violence."
"I was there and brought concerns directly to the Secretary of Public Safety and the head of the State Police," said Hastings. "They did not respond. In fact, law enforcement was standing passively by, waiting for violence to take place, so that they would have grounds to declare an emergency, declare an 'unlawful assembly' and clear the area."
Charles Ramsey, who formerly headed the police in Philadelphia and Washington, D.C., told the Post that demonstrators and counter-demonstrators "need to be in sight and sound of each other, but somebody has to be in between .... That's usually the police."
"The whole point is to have overwhelming force so that people don't get the idea they can do these kinds of things and get away with it," he said.
An NPR request for comment from the Charlottesville Police Department was not returned.
Lt. Joseph Hatter, a commander with the Charlottesville police, told the Post that officers tried to create separate areas. "It didn't work, did it?" he admitted. "I think there was a plan to have them separated. They didn't want to be separated."
He told the newspaper that he doesn't know that police waited to react to the violence. "I think we did the best we could under the circumstances."
Public Assembly and Public Space
Questions about how governments manage protests are likely to continue, and to be argued in court.
On Friday, a federal judge granted a temporary injunction, ruling that the city could not revoke the permit it had issued to Kessler to hold the demonstration in Emancipation Park.
In his opinion, Judge Glen Conrad said Kessler was likely to prevail on his claim that Charlottesville's decision to revoke his permit was content-based.
"Kessler's assertion in this regard is supported by the fact that the City solely revoked his permit, but left in place the permits issued to counter-protestors," Conrad wrote. "The disparity in treatment between the two groups with opposing views suggests that the defendants' decision to revoke Kessler's permit was based on the content of his speech rather than other neutral factors that would be equally applicable to Kessler and those protesting against him. This conclusion is bolstered by other evidence, including communications on social media indicating that members of City Council oppose Kessler's political viewpoint."
The judge wrote further that though the city maintained its decision to revoke Kessler's permit was due to the number of people likely to attend his demonstration, "their concerns in this regard are purely speculative." He added, "there is no evidence to support the notion that many thousands of individuals are likely to attend the demonstration."
Following the events in Charlottesville, those worried about potential violence have fresh evidence.
Public protests can become especially complicated when people are carrying guns and dressed in full camouflage, as some did this weekend in Charlottesville.
McAuliffe argues officials need help from the courts if governments are to maintain public safety while allowing people to exercise their First Amendment rights.
"We've got to get a better understanding with these judges to understand our job is to keep our community safe," he said. "The judiciary needs to do a better job of working with us."
And the ACLU's Hastings says that whatever strategies authorities use, they need to be lawful and in keeping with the Constitution: "It is my firm hope and desire that the Governor and other local officials will learn from this past weekend how constitutionally to prevent events like the horror we saw in Charlottesville."
iStock/Thinkstock(LAS VEGAS) — A man has been charged with conspiracy in connection to October's massacre in Las Vegas for allegedly selling armor-piercing ammunition to shooter Stephen Paddock.
Fifty-eight people were killed and hundreds injured in the shooting.
Douglas Haig, 55, has been charged with conspiracy to manufacture and sell armor-piercing ammunition.
According to the complaint, which was obtained by ABC News, Haig admitted to selling hundreds of rounds of tracer ammo to Paddock in September, which isn't illegal. However, among the unfired rounds found in Paddock's hotel room were two cartridges which forensic analysis determined were armor-piercing/incendiary ammo that had Haig's fingerprints on them, the complaint states. Such ammunition is illegal to manufacture without a license. Haig, according to the complaint, did not have such a license.
A subsequent search warrant at his business located more armor-piercing and incendiary rounds and records of Haig selling them around the country, according to the complaint.
Earlier today, Haig and his attorney, Marc Victor, gave a press conference defending Haig as a “law-abiding citizen” with no history of legal problems.
Haig said he was sickened and horrified when he learned of the massacre.
“I had no contribution to what Paddock did,” he said, adding the amount of ammunition he sold to Paddock was very common. “I had no way to see into his mind.”
“The product I sold him had absolutely nothing to do with what he did,” Haig added, referring to the legal tracer ammunition.
Victor told ABC News Wednesday that Haig only sold tracer rounds to Paddock.
Haig did not acknowledge selling Paddock armor-piercing/incendiary ammunition.
This evening, Haig, in shackles, appeared in federal court with Victor by his side on the single charge listed in the complaint, according to local ABC affiliate KNXV. The judge ordered him to surrender his passport, guns, ammunition, and tools used to manufacture ammunition.
Victor declined to comment to ABC News following the court appearance.
Paddock took his own life after unleashing the hail of gunfire from the 32nd floor of the Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino on October 1. Unsuspecting concertgoers were attending a music festival below.
Copyright © 2018, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Donald Trump's love of manufacturing is misguided
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Work has finally started on the long-awaited expansion of car park facilities at Leuchars Railway Station.
Approval to double the number of parking spaces was granted in 2014 but the project has been beset by delays over the last three years, which has left many rail passengers frustrated.
However, the contract has been awarded to Newlay Civil Engineering which has now started work on the eight-week project.
Local councillor Tim Brett said he was delighted to see work under way but bemoaned the time taken for the project to reach this point.
“While I welcome the start of construction at the car park, this project has taken far too long to deliver,” he said.
“Funding was agreed three years ago after the Liberal Democrats approached the Fife Council administration but a series of problems and delays followed.
“Hopefully there will be no further delays and the new places, giving 300 places overall, will be in use by early June.”
Two people were arrested after officers said they were shooting heroin in a treehouse on somebody else's property.
SCOTTSDALE, AZ--(Marketwired - Apr 18, 2017) - Cre8tive Works, Inc. ( OTC PINK : FILM) (the "Company" or "Cre8tive") would like to announce that it is now entering final stages of negotiations with Runaway Pictures ("Runaway") to finance the full length horror film Vineyard. Management expects to have a formal agreement in place by April 21, 2017.
"We are very pleased to be in the last stages of finalizing an agreement to fund Vineyard," announced Lisa Nelson, President of Cre8tive. "Cre8tive is very fortunate to have the opportunity to fund this project. We are extremely confident that with its story line and experienced production team, Vineyard will deliver a timely return on any investment," continued Ms. Nelson.
Development of Vineyard is well underway with a completed script, trailer and detailed budget. The production team is now in the process of attaching talent and negotiating distribution. The goal is to have funding in place to enter pre-production late spring 2017 with a summer 2017 shoot and a fall release.
"If we meet the schedule, we will turn any investment around in less than a year," stated Lisa Nelson, President of Cre8tive. "From the date the funds are advanced to the time that the project is in distribution and generating revenue will be under nine months. This is an excellent turnaround and well under our goal of 12 months," continued Ms. Nelson.
About Vineyard
Genre: Horror/Thriller
Theme: Reconciliation/Redemption
One year after the death of her father, Jana Davies travels to a picturesque summer house to attend a family wedding, where she must face the guilt over her father's death, and a malicious and violent spirit which haunts the summer house and threatens her entire family. After surviving a horrible car crash, which resulted in the death of her father, thirty-something Jana Davies must return home one year later to attend a bittersweet family wedding. Upon arrival, the summer house seems too good to be true. But when it comes to her family, there seems to be nothing but fake smiles and looks of judgment. The guilt of surviving that fatal car crash weighs hard upon Jana's shoulders. The reunion and prenuptial planning take a turn for the worst when Jana and her family begin to realize that perhaps they're not the only ones inhabiting the house. Footsteps, whispers, uninvited bed guests, eerie reflections and an ominous figure in the woods that appears to want in. After unveiling the mystery surrounding the summer house and the origins behind the creature in the woods Jana realizes that running from a threat, like she had after that fatal accident, isn't an option this time. It's time to stay and fight!
www.vineyardthemovie.com
About Runaway Pictures
Runaway Pictures is Vancouver's newest independent film production company. Their vision is to create interesting and exciting films, using the best place on earth with the most talented and creative people in the industry.
www.runawaypictures.ca
About Cre8tive Works, Inc.
Cre8tive Works is traded under the uniquely fitting ticker symbol 'FILM' and specializes in the financing of production ready, independent films that have great potential for financial success. The Company's mission is to identify projects that strike a balance between artistic integrity and commercial viability for the international market and to develop strong relationships with independent filmmakers that will assist them in bringing their vision to fruition while ensuring a solid financial return.
Forward Looking Statements
Except for the historical information contained herein, the matters discussed in this press release are forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements and are subject to risks and uncertainties. See Cre8tive Works, Inc.'s filings with OTC Markets which may identify specific factors that may cause actual results or events to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements.
Safe Harbor Statement
This release includes forward-looking statements, which are based on certain assumptions and reflects management's current expectations. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from current expectations. Some of these factors include: general global economic conditions; general industry and market conditions, sector changes and growth rates; uncertainty as to whether our strategies and business plans will yield the expected benefits; increasing competition; availability and cost of capital; the ability to identify and develop and achieve commercial success; the level of expenditures necessary to maintain and improve the quality of services; changes in the economy; changes in laws and regulations, including codes and standards, intellectual property rights, and tax matters; or other matters not anticipated; our ability to secure and maintain strategic relationships and distribution agreements. The Company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
CBS4CBS4 is now on CBSMiami.com. It's the same great news, weather, and investigations you found on cbs4.com, but we've added a whole new range of great items and features to help you get more out of your day, and put a little more fun into your life. It's all brought to by the same great […]
My TV 33My TV33 is on CBSMiami.comIt's the same great news, weather, and investigations you found on cbs4.com, but we've added a whole new range of great items and features to help you get more out of your day, and put a little more fun into your life. It's all brought to by the same great team […]
WQAMMiami's Sports Radio 560 WQAM is South Florida's original sports station. For over 20 years, WQAM has brought the region live coverage of their favorite teams and been home to the most popular and beloved local personalities. With Joe Rose leading the way in mornings, WQAM features Miami's most extensive offering of live and local […]
South Florida H.S. SportsSFHSSports is now on CBSMiami.com! We're a part of the CBS Miami family… Visit us at http://miami.cbslocal.com/category/sfhssports . Our “crew” J.T. Wilcox SFHSSports Managing Editor JT.Wilcox@CBSRadio.com Larry Blustein SFHSSports Senior Writer FloridaKids1@aol.com . We want to hear from you! . By Telephone 305-654-1700 . By Mail South Florida High School Sports […]
At D.C. congressional baseball practice: Who was the shooter?
hello
Rep. Joe Barton, R-Texas, center, and other members of the Republican Congressional softball team stand behind police tape of the scene of a multiple shooting in Alexandria, Va., Wednesday. Associated Press
Rep. Roger Williams, R-Texas, is placed into an ambulance at the scene of a shooting at a baseball field in Alexandria, Va., Wednesday. Associated Press
James Hodgkinson of Belleville protests outside the United States post office in downtown Belleville in this file photo. Hodgkinson was part of the "99%" group drawing attention to the disproportionate amount of money and political power the top 1 percent of Americans have acquired. He has been identified as the gunman who attacked congressmen Wednesday. Derik Holtmann/Bellville News Democrat
One of the biggest questions coming out of the shooting in Virginia has been: who was James T. Hodgkinson?
Hodgkinson, 66, was named as the shooter at the Congressional baseball practice Wednesday morning by law enforcement. President Donald Trump confirmed in a statement midmorning that he died shortly after he was taken into custody.
But up until Wednesday morning, the shooter seemed to have led a fairly normal metro-east life.
The gunman was born in 1951 to Deloris and James J. Hodgkinson. He was one of three children and grew up in Belleville, graduating from Belleville West High School in 1968.
He joined the high school wrestling and track teams as a freshman in 1965, according to the school yearbook. In his sophomore and junior years, yearbooks list him as a member of the varsity wrestling team at Belleville West.
No activities or clubs were listed in the shooter's senior yearbook.
While others of his family moved away, he settled in Belleville with his wife, Sue.
Beginning in 1969, he studied aviation at Belleville Area College, which later became Southwestern Illinois College. Then in the fall of 1971, he transferred to Southern Illinois University-Edwardsville, then only six years open in its current location. Hodgkinson took two classes in one term, according to SIUE spokesman Doug McIlhagga, but did not complete a degree.
Five years later he opened JTH Construction, which he operated for nearly 20 years, according to his Facebook page. In 1994, JTH Construction became JTH Inspections, a home inspection and air quality testing service that he listed as closed in 2016.
Law enforcement officials have not said what they believe his motive may have been. The shooter's social media was marked by politics; he took part in a protest against income inequality at the Belleville Post Office in 2012 and often wrote letters to the Belleville News-Democrat in protest against conservative policies. He was a strong Bernie Sanders supporter and apparently volunteered for Sanders' 2016 presidential campaign, and he had repeatedly taken a Democratic ballot in recent elections.
In March, the gunman was warned to stop firing his gun at trees on his property after neighbor complaints. He had a valid Illinois Firearms Owner's Identification card at the time. In 2006, his shotgun was confiscated after a domestic fight between him, his daughter and two of his daughter's friends. The charges were later dismissed. He has had other minor charges, including a DUI and resisting arrest charge that was dismissed in 1993.
According to news reports, Sue Hodgkinson has told reporters that Hodgkinson had been living in Alexandria, Virginia, for the past few months. There was no record of divorce filings in St. Clair County, however. Sue Hodgkinson's employer, a local accounting firm, declined to comment.
His brother, Michael Hodgkinson, told The New York Times that James was unhappy about the election of President Donald Trump and had gone to Washington to protest. However, he also said that while James was "engaged in politics," he otherwise led a normal life and had told his wife he would be returning home soon because he missed her and their dogs.
Social media accounts for both James Hodgkinson and his wife were deluged with abusive comments ever since law enforcement named him as the shooter. Facebook has taken down his accounts.
INDIANAPOLIS — I'm standing in line to get my fancy “American Ninja Warrior” media pass, a red clip-on badge that announces to everyone, “F**k no I'm not doing this, it would aggravate my back arthritis,” but the kid behind me talks to me anyway, glancing quizzically at my snappy blazer/jeans combo before asking if I'm running the course. No no, I say, joking that I'm too old for that kind of thing. “Nah man, it's OK,” he shoots back with a trainer's enthusiasm, “Lots of old people run it.” Lots. Lots of OLD PEOPLE. Break an arm falling from a steel trapeze, pipsqueak, and don't come crying to me in 15 years when all your energy-drink sugar turns into side fat and diabetes.
Now in its 10th season, NBC's “American Ninja Warrior” spends its springs traveling to a half-dozen cities before resolving into its finals in Las Vegas. Tonight they're in Indy, dropping a giant obstacle course onto Monument Circle and lighting the surrounding buildings with appropriate Hollywood fervor.
And they're here because Indy turns up for this: The circle is filled half by contestants — what the show and gym culture have come to unironically call “ninjas” — with -3% body fat in disquietingly short shorts and half by fans who are decidedly nonplussed by both the 50-degree chill and fact that, in order to maximize optics, “ANW” starts shooting at 9:30 p.m. and goes until all 120 athletes have attempted the course. They'll all be here until 3 a.m., watching hyper-athletic gnomes fling themselves around steel rings and tumbling blocks and an 18-foot-tall half-pipe that, in defiance of all known skateboarding laws, they're supposed to walk up. Many people can do this.
Indiana, it turns out, is very good to ninjas. “Last time we were here the presidential election was going on, so Hillary, Sanders and Trump were all here and we still felt like the biggest draw,” said Matt Iseman, one of the show's two hosts. The weather was a jerk during that 2016 visit, dumping rain on the shoot into the wee hours. “And in the middle of the night, in the middle of all that rain, there were still thousands of people in line.” And then Iseman plays the hits: “I'm gonna be quoting Gene Hackman quite a bit here.”
Pinterest NBC
Backstage is an outdoor gym of small people doing lunges, squats, jumping jacks, pull-ups, things where they like to touch their knees to their chins and impromptu push-ups, you know, like you did today. As schtick increases the chance for airtime, everybody has a bit: One guy has a bright-red foot-long beard emblazoned with blue and white stars; a girl clicks her heels together before starting the course, one kid nails a trick shot into a nearby hoop, because Indiana. Because there's still morning radio somehow, a fat guy from an FM station, duly equipped with a GoPro on his head and a theoretically funny cup over his pants, starts the course and makes it exactly two steps before plunging cup-first into the water.
There's famous folk too: Tonight's celeb ninjas are Scott Dixon, the 2017 Indy 500 pole-sitter who walked out of a harrowing crash that sent his car into the air for about three miles, and Kendall Dixon, a 25-year-old who won gold with the women's hockey team at the 2018 Winter Olympics. But upon learning that their 15-lbs. overweight visitor is here from Golf Digest, Iseman and co-host Akbar Gbajabiamila, immediately start drafting a fantasy “ANW” team. “People talk about wanting to see Rory McIlroy or Sergio out here,” says Iseman. “I want to see John Daly. Now. Or Craig Stadler! Someone built like me!” (Iseman, like Gbajabiamila, is enormous, but neither are remotely built like Craig Stadler. If the morning-zoo guy had said that, maybe.)
They do, however, do a heroic job of comparing golf to the process of traversing unstable monkey bars with your hands while hanging 20 feet over a pool. “It's mental toughness 101,” says Gbajabiamila. “You against the course.” I helpfully opine that climbing up a sheer surface that goes two stories up might not be all mental, and he agrees. “It's true, some of these ninjas come out here and don't have the technique. Grit will only take you so far.”
Pinterest NBC
And like golf fans, they see a lot of competitors fall. “To us the biggest part of this is mental,” says Iseman. “People focus on the physicality of it, but so much is mental toughness and preparedness. You remember Van de Velde, when he just fell apart — you see that happen here, where ninjas will just fall and fall.” If NOTHING ELSE, Van de Velde's collapse didn't involve plunging into a pool while every light in the course turned bright failure red, but I take his point.
So we at The Loop are officially making this a petition for “American Ninja Warrior” to sign John Daly, or Craig Stadler, or really anyone, you guys are fantastic golfers but frankly a lot of you could use some upper-arm strength. You have a year to prepare, to get on the monkey bars, to dangle from large steel beams that are moving, to find an empty in-ground pool with a deep end and try to sprint out of it. Remember: The first thing you need is MENTAL TOUGHNESS. Actually, never mind, forget it, you're all too old.
Want More News Like This?
CAPA Membership gives you access to all news and analysis on the site, along with access to many areas of our comprehensive databases and toolsets.
PORTLAND, Ore. — Well before Oregon legalized marijuana, its verdant, wet forests made it an ideal place for growing the drug, which often ended up being funneled out of the state for big money. Now, officials suspect weed grown legally in Oregon and other states is also being smuggled out, and the trafficking is putting America's multibillion-dollar marijuana industry at risk.
Related: Recent busts highlight issue of interstate smuggling from legal marijuana states
In response, marijuana-legal states are trying to clamp down on “diversion” even as U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions presses for enforcement of federal laws against marijuana.
Tracking legal weed from the fields and greenhouses where it's grown to the shops where it's sold under names like Blueberry Kush and Chernobyl is their so far main protective measure.
In Oregon, Gov. Kate Brown recently signed into law a requirement that state regulators track from seed to store all marijuana grown for sale in Oregon's legal market. So far, only recreational marijuana has been comprehensively tracked. Tina Kotek, speaker of the Oregon House, said lawmakers wanted to ensure “we're protecting the new industry that we're supporting here.”
“There was a real recognition that things could be changing in D.C.,” she said.
The Washington State Liquor and Cannabis Board says it's replacing its current tracking Nov. 1 with a “highly secure, reliable, scalable and flexible system.”
California voters approved using a tracking system run by Lakeland, Florida-based Franwell for its recreational marijuana market. Sales become legal Jan. 1.
Franwell also tracks marijuana, using bar-code and radio frequency identification labels on packaging and plants, in Colorado, Oregon, Maryland, Alaska and Michigan.
“The tracking system is the most important tool a state has,” said Michael Crabtree, who runs Denver-based Nationwide Compliance Specialists Inc., which helps tax collectors track elusive, cash-heavy industries like the marijuana business.
But the systems aren't fool-proof. They rely on the users' honesty, he said.
“We have seen numerous examples of people ‘forgetting' to tag plants,” Crabtree said. Colorado's tracking also doesn't apply to home-grown plants and many noncommercial marijuana caregivers.
In California, implementing a “fully operational, legal market” could take years, said state Sen. Mike McGuire, who represents the “Emerald Triangle” region that's estimated to produce 60 percent of America's marijuana. But he's confident tracking will help.
“In the first 24 months, we're going to have a good idea who is in the regulated market and who is in black market,” McGuire said.
Oregon was the first state to decriminalize personal possession, in 1973. It legalized medical marijuana in 1998, and recreational use in 2014.
Before that, Anthony Taylor hid his large cannabis crop from aerial surveillance under a forest canopy east of Portland, and tended it when there was barely enough light to see.
“In those days, marijuana was REALLY illegal,” said Taylor, now a licensed marijuana processor and lobbyist. “If you got caught growing the amounts we were growing, you were going to go to prison for a number of years.”
Taylor believes it's easier to grow illegally now because authorities lack the resources to sniff out every operation. And growers who sell outside the state can earn thousands of dollars per pound, he said.
Still, it's hard to say if weed smuggling has gotten worse in Oregon, or how much of the marijuana leaving the state filters out from the legal side.
Chris Gibson, executive director of the federally funded Oregon-Idaho High Intensity Drug Trafficking Area program, said the distinction matters less than the fact that marijuana continues to leave Oregon on planes, trains and automobiles, and through the mail.
“None is supposed to leave, so it's an issue,” Gibson told The Associated Press. “That should be a primary concern to state leadership.”
On a recent morning, Billy Williams, the U.S. attorney in Oregon, sat at his desk in his office overlooking downtown Portland, a draft Oregon State Police report in front of him. Oregon produces between 132 tons (120 metric tons) and 900 tons (816 metric tons) more marijuana than what Oregonians can conceivably consume, the report said, using statistics from the legal industry and estimates of illicit grows. It identified Oregon as an “epicenter of cannabis production” and quoted an academic as saying three to five times the amount of cannabis that's consumed in Oregon leaves the state.
Sessions himself cited the report in a July 24 letter to Oregon's governor. In it, Sessions asked Brown to explain how Oregon would address the report's “serious findings.”
Pete Gendron, a licensed marijuana grower who advised state regulators on compliance and enforcement, said the reports' numbers are guesswork, and furthermore are outdated because they don't take into account the marijuana now being sold in Oregon's legal recreational market.
A U.S. Justice Department task force recently said the Cole Memorandum , which restricts federal marijuana law enforcement in states where weed is legal, should be reevaluated to see if it should be changed.
The governors of Oregon, Colorado, Washington and Alaska — where both medical and recreational marijuana are legal — wrote to Sessions and Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin in April, warning altering the memorandum “would divert existing marijuana product into the black market and increase dangerous activity in both our states and our neighboring states.”
But less than a month later, Sessions wrote to congressional leaders criticizing the federal government's hands-off approach to medical marijuana, and citing a Colorado case in which a medical marijuana licensee shipped weed out of state.
In his letter, Sessions opposed an amendment by Oregon Democratic Rep. Earl Blumenauer and California Republican Rep. Dana Rohrabacher that prevents the Justice Department from interfering with states' medical marijuana. Congress is weighing renewing the amendment for the next fiscal year.
In a phone interview from Washington, Blumenauer said the attorney general is “out of step” with most members of Congress, who have become more supportive “of ending the failed prohibition on marijuana.”
“Marijuana has left Oregon for decades,” Blumenauer said. “What's different is that now we have better mechanisms to try to control it.”
Taylor believes marijuana smuggling will continue because of the profit incentive, which will end only if the drug is legalized across America. U.S. Sen. Cory Booker, a New Jersey Democrat, introduced a bill in Congress on Aug. 1 to do just that.
Associated Press writer Kristen Wyatt in Denver contributed to this report.
Follow Andrew Selsky on Twitter
CBS4CBS4 is now on CBSMiami.com. It's the same great news, weather, and investigations you found on cbs4.com, but we've added a whole new range of great items and features to help you get more out of your day, and put a little more fun into your life. It's all brought to by the same great [...]
My TV 33My TV33 is on CBSMiami.comIt's the same great news, weather, and investigations you found on cbs4.com, but we've added a whole new range of great items and features to help you get more out of your day, and put a little more fun into your life. It's all brought to by the same great team [...]
WQAMMiami's Sports Radio 560 WQAM is South Florida's original sports station. For a quarter century, WQAM has brought the region live coverage of their favorite teams and been home to the most popular and beloved local personalities. With Joe Rose leading the way in mornings, WQAM features Miami's most extensive offering of live and local [...]
South Florida H.S. SportsSFHSSports is now on CBSMiami.com! We're a part of the CBS Miami family… Visit us at http://miami.cbslocal.com/category/sfhssports . Our “crew” Larry Blustein SFHSSports Senior Writer FloridaKids1@aol.com . We want to hear from you! . By Telephone 305-654-1700 . By Mail South Florida High School Sports 194 NW 187th Street Miami, Florida [...]
Office of Government Ethics director Walter M. Shaub Jr. is recommending an investigation and possible disciplinary action be taken against Kellyanne Conway, senior adviser to President Trump, for urging shoppers to buy fashion products sold by Trump's daughter Ivanka.
"Under the present circumstances, there is strong reason to believe that Ms. Conway has violated the Standards of Conduct and that disciplinary action is warranted," Shaub wrote in a letter to White House deputy counsel Stefan C. Passantino.
Conway appeared on Fox and Friends Thursday morning, where she addressed Nordstrom's recent decision to stop selling Ivanka Trump's line of products because of what it said were poor sales.
"Go buy Ivanka's stuff is what I would tell you. I hate shopping, and I'm gonna go get some on myself today," Conway said.
Ivanka Trump has a successful line of clothing, jewelry and shoes that is carried by numerous retailers.
But a boycott of Trump products got under way last year after the release of the infamous Access Hollywood video, in which Trump bragged about grabbing women by the genitals, and that appears to have hurt Ivanka's sales.
Her product line "was successful enough that these companies would have all kept carrying it on its own merits had this not happened," says retail consultant Jan Rogers Kniffen. "They weren't just carrying it because it was Ivanka Trump selling it. They were carrying it because it was actually selling to a customer."
In recent weeks, several large retailers have dropped all or part of the line, while others have chosen to de-emphasize it in their stores.
"They're all just stepping out of the way. They're saying, 'We don't want to be in a fight with the president, but we don't want to be in a fight with our customers either. We're getting out of the way," Kniffen says.
"She has tied herself to a very controversial figure that many women believe is trying to take them back to the 15th century. Anyone associated [with] Donald Trump is toxic," says Eric Schiffer, CEO of Reputation Management Consultants.
But the retailers' decision did not sit well with President Trump, who accused Nordstrom in a tweet last week of treating his daughter "so unfairly." Conway echoed the charge on TV.
White House spokesman Sean Spicer later said Conway had been "counseled" about her comments. Trump himself has not addressed Conway's remarks, and she told an interviewer later that day that she had the president's full support.
Shaub said in the letter that his office had not received any indication of "disciplinary or other corrective action against Ms. Conway."
The Republican chairman of the House Oversight Committee, Jason Chaffetz, and ranking minority member Elijah Cummings, said in a letter that Conway's comments "appear to violate federal ethics regulations."
Shaub said in his letter to the White House that Conway had violated rules "prohibiting employees from misusing their official positions."
Robert Weissman, president of the liberal group Public Citizen, praised Shaub for seeking disciplinary action against Conway.
"We can only hope that the Trump White House responds positively to the call to discipline Kellyanne Conway for her transgressions – statements that never would have been made had she subjected herself to the most elementary standards. But forgive us if we don't hold our breath. Conway's promotion of Ivanka's products followed the example of President Trump and was intended to curry favor with the president (apparently successfully)."
You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters
Message: * A friend wanted you to see this item from WRAL.com: http://wr.al/18pSc
— A Raleigh man is gaining national attention for his controversial Twitter posts following the violence that broke out in Charlottesville, Va. over the weekend.
Social media can be a powerful tool when news happens and Logan Smith found out just how powerful this weekend.
“They are saying they are going to kill me, insulting my wife, insulting my family,” Smith said.
The negative comments are coming from people he called out on Twitter for participating in the rally in Charlottesville.
Smith, who is the communications director for Progress NC, is the face behind the Twitter account called “Yes, You're Racist.” He started the account during the 2012 presidential campaign, but when he saw the images coming out of Virginia, he wanted to do something about it.
“One thing I did was to ask people if they recognized any of these people to just send me the names and public profiles and I will make them famous,” Smith said.
Smith's inbox filled up with the names and hometowns of men in photos from the scene in Charlottesville. He said he did careful research before matching names with pictures. Once he did, the photos went viral.
“These aren't just random faces in a crowd, these are real people. A lot of times, they are in our communities. They could be your neighbors, your coworkers, people you pass in the grocery store and I think it's really important to put a spotlight on these people,” he said.
Despite the fact that he is now receiving death threats for the posts made on the Twitter account, he said he will continue to speak for what he believes is right.
Union demands Nissan-style assurances for Vauxhall UK plants
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Oklahoma City Thunder part-owner's fatal wreck ruled an accident OKLAHOMA CITY — The fiery car crash in which energy industry magnate Aubrey McClendon died was an accident, the Oklahoma medical examiner's office ruled Wednesday, also noting that he had...
Energy tycoon was driving 89 mph without a seatbelt before slamming into wall Energy tycoon Aubrey McClendon raced his SUV as fast as 89 mph and made no real attempt to stop before
General News of Friday, 6 October 2017
Source: classfmonline.com
2017-10-06
Protests will not end until government signs a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) – Stanley Mensah
Students of the various agricultural colleges across the country have scheduled Wednesday, October 11 to picket at the Ministry of Agriculture (MoFA) to press home their demands of having their student allowances restored.
Stanley Mensah, Students Representative Council (SRC) president for Kwadaso Agric College explained in an interview with Valentina Ofori Afriyie on Class FM's 505 news programme on Friday, October 6 that students in his school are already in the second week of lectures but they will boycott lectures and collaborate with colleagues from the other colleges to march to the Ministry of Food and Agriculture (MoFA) which has oversight responsibility over the school.
“We began boycotting lectures last Wednesday, and we are going to continue. If God permits, next week Wednesday [October 11], we are going to stage a mammoth picketing at the Ministry of Food and Agriculture in Accra,” he said.
Government has announced restoration of nursing and teacher trainee allowances, however, students from the agric colleges are furious over what they said was their exclusion from the list of beneficiaries.
According to them, government has reneged on its promise made to them during its campaign in 2016, and several petitions to MoFA to have the issue addressed have proven futile.
“We have gone to the Ministry of Food and Agriculture to meet the Minister himself, but he told us that our allowance was not captured in this year's budget,” Mr Mensah bemoaned.
Allowances for trainee nurses and trainee teachers, as well as students in the various agric colleges were scraped by the erstwhile Mahama administration with a reason to increase student enrolment in the various training colleges, but the New Patriotic Party (NPP) in its manifesto, promised to restore the allowances.
According to Mr Mensah, the protests will not end until government signs a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) to make students from agric colleges beneficiaries of the allowances.
Palatine bartender crafts winning martini
hello
The third time was a charm Monday night for Joshua Olson, whose jalapeño lemon drop won the Daily Herald's annual Best Martini in the 'Burbs contest at Drink Nightclub in Schaumburg.
Olson, 34, of Palatine, has worked as a waiter and bartender at Chicago Prime Steakhouse in Schaumburg for seven years.
His entry last year was a chocolate martini. When that didn't do well with the judges, he decided to change things up.
"Everybody's had a lemon drop, but nobody's had one with jalapeño," he said.
He was inspired by chef Dave Overstreet, who makes candied jalapeño chips for his ceviche.
For his efforts, Olson won $500, a crystal trophy and, of course, bragging rights.
"This is amazing," he said.
Second place went to Christian Schmidling of Incontro A Tavola in South Barrington for his espresso-packed Trevolte Cafe Martini.
Third place went to Apollo of Jameson's Charhouse in Arlington Heights for his Twilight Tini.
Vera de Groot of J&L's Pizza and Sports in Palatine won fan favorite honors with her concoction, "Hands of Time," which includes Absolut vodka, St. Germaine liqueur, lime and kumquat.
If you'd like to try them at home, here are the winning recipes:
Judges' favoriteChicago Prime Steakhouse, Schaumburg
"Jalapeño Lemon Drop Martini"
1 ounce jalapeño simple syrup
1½ ounces Absolute Citron
2 ounces fresh lemon juice
Garnished with lemon wedge and candied jalapeño
Fan favoriteJ&L's Pizza and Sports, Palatine
"Hands of Time"
1½ ounces Absolut vodka
¾ ounce of vermouth
1 ounce of St. Germaine
Lime cordial
Kaffir lime
Kumquat
Several of our authors and editors have events and talks in February. Hope you get a chance to see them in person this month.
February 6: M/E/A/N/I/N/G magazine was a collaboration between Susan Bee and Mira Schor, both painters with interests in writing and politics, and a community of
over 150 artists, art critics, historians, theorists, and poets. We published an anthology of writings from M/E/A/N/I/N/G in 2000. Pratt Institute Library features a display of the original issues along with photos, artwork, books, and ephemera from the 30-year run of the magazine from February through April. Join Mira Schor and Susan Bee for a dialogue at the launch of the exhibition.
6:00 pm, Pratt Institute Library, Brooklyn Campus, 200 Willoughby Avenue, Brooklyn NY 11205
February 8: TSQ editor Susan Stryker will be speaking at Duke University on “What Transpires Now: Transgender History and the Future we need.”
5:30 pm, East Duke Parlors, 1304 Campus Drive, Durham, NC 27708
February 13: Our own Editorial Director, Ken Wissoker, will help young scholars make the transition From Dissertation to Book at Duke University.
4:00 pm, Franklin Humanities Institute at Duke University
Bays 4 & 5, Smith Warehouse, 114 S Buchanan Blvd, Durham, NC, 27701
February 13: Sara Ahmed, author of Living a Feminist Life, lectures on “Complaint as Diversity Work” at UCLA.
3:00 pm, Ackerman Grand Ballroom, UCLA, Los Angeles, CA 90095
February 15: Sara Ahmed continues her California tour at UC Davis, with a lecture on “Complaint: Diversity Work, Feminism, and Institutions “.
4:00 pm, Meeting Room D, Student Community Center, UC Davis, 397 Hutchison Dr., Davis, CA 95616
February 16: UC Berkeley gets a chance to hear Sara Ahmed. She'll be speaking on “Queer Use” and meeting with graduate students.
4:00 pm, 112 Wurster Hall, UC Berkeley, Berkeley, CA, 94720
February 16: East Side Freedom Library will host a conversation with Alexis Pauline Gumbs, author of Spill, and the forthcoming book M Archive.
7:00 pm, 1105 Greenbrier St, St Paul, MN 55106
February 21: Remnants author Rachel Harding will participate in a lecture series with Sonia Sanchez and Ruby Sales at the Stella Adler Studio.
7:00 pm, Ticketed Event, 31 West 27th Street, Floor 3, New York, NY 10001
February 21: David Grubbs will read from his forthcoming book Now that the audience is assembled at The New School's Poetry Forum event.
TBD, Room 510, 66 West 12th Street, New York, NY 10011
February 27: The 2017-2018 Sexuality & Geopolitics Seminar Series at UCLA will feature Chinese Surplus author Ari Larissa Heinrich discussing “Chinese Bodies as Biological Surplus.”
5:30 pm, Humanities Building 348, 415 Portola Plaza, Los Angeles, CA 90095
February 27: Sara Ahmed speaks on “Uses of Use: Diversity, Utility and the University” at CRASSH, Cambridge University.
7:15 pm, Cambridge University, Cambridge, United Kingdom
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- A man who goes out of his way to keep life working the way it should at the Blue Hills Community Apartments was nominated for FOX 4's Pay-It-Forward award. So, FOX 4's Kathy Quinn went to surprise him with the news and the $300.
The maintenance man says he doesn't work so hard and share his heart for the money.
Watch the Pay-It-Forward in the video player above and you'll see his good heart.
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
The Myrtle Beach Fire Department responded to a possible shark attack on Monday.
Lt. Jonathan Evans says crews responded to an "aquatic animal incident" at 1306 N. Ocean Boulevard around 2:55 p.m.
Evans also says a girl was taken to the hospital for treatment and he doesn't believe she had severe injuries.
He couldn't confirm a shark attack, but said the girl suffered a bite from "some kind of marine animal."
Copyright (c) 2018 CBS All Rights Reserved
A quill pen. (Photo: Special to the News Journal)
It is estimated that 10,000 undocumented young adults graduate from college each year. These graduates go to work for companies of all sizes, including Fortune 500 companies, and commonly are the types of new talent employers strive to recruit – hardworking, persistent and innovative. These same companies recognize the contributions of their employees and have actively reached out to Congress urging their support in passing a permanent replacement for the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA). Joined by countless others, they want to see a solution that would not unfairly target a group of determined young individuals working toward a bright future.
More: Evil lurks behind recent massacres: Guestview
Despite all this success from qualified DACA recipients, also known as “Dreamers,” there are people who argue that 800,000 DACA recipients should be deported. This is concerning. A mass deportation would immediately depreciate the talent pool of young professionals, weaken a future generation of entrepreneurs and leaders and cause the state of Florida and the United States to lose top tier talent to competitors. Contrary to what some say, Dreamers are not dangerous criminals. Dreamers arrived in the United States prior to their 16th birthday, have lived in the United States continuously since 2007, have attended school and are of good moral character. Dreamers also are required to pass intensive criminal background checks, which includes fingerprinting, and must stay out of serious legal trouble.
University and college presidents from all over the state and country have written personal letters to President Trump to defend their students who are Dreamers. These leaders have echoed each other's remarks by saying that regardless of a student's circumstance, they enroll the best and brightest individuals, and how their institutions have benefited from the contributions of Dreamer students.
According to a study by Tom K. Wong, an associate professor at the University of California, San Diego, 72 percent of DACA recipients are pursuing higher education. The American Dream is real for Dreamers. As a current student pursuing my PhD and a Dreamer, I can attest that we are taking full advantage of our opportunity.
President Trump and Congress continue to promote the values and framework of our country, but an equal opportunity and education are key foundation points of American democracy. Instead of focusing on separation, each community should encourage the values of equity and justice for all.
More: Building strong towns requires changing the conversation: Guestview
Dreamers are doing everything that could be asked. Brought to the United States as children, we take our education to heart, push our minds to the next level and help keep our country competitive with the rest of the world. These are our friends, colleagues, neighbors and people we interact with every day. The education world recognizes this, the business world recognizes this, faith organizations recognize this and now it is time for Congress to act and lead.
Martin Dvorak is a member of the FWD.us Florida coalition and a student at Florida State University
Read or Share this story: http://www.pnj.com/story/news/2017/10/06/higher-ed-stronger-daca-recipients/737227001/
$11.77
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
CALGARY, Alberta – An airline pilot is facing charges in Canada after police say he was found by his co-pilot passed out in the cockpit of a Boeing 737 before it was set to take off.
Calgary police say the gate crew as well as crewmembers on the aircraft indicated that Miroslav Gronych was behaving strangely ahead of his scheduled flight Saturday. Sgt. Paul Stacey says the co-pilot later found the 37-year-old captain "slumped over in the seat" of the airliner.
The pilot was escorted from the plane and charged with having a blood-alcohol level above .08 and controlling an aircraft while impaired. Police allege Gronych had three times the legal amount of alcohol in his system.
Sunwing Airlines calls it "a very unfortunate matter."
The Mexico-bound plane later took off with another pilot.
With Jesus' arrival at Christmas, so too a new liberation is come for those who choose to follow Him. But we may ask: from what exactly does He liberate us? Today's Gospel helps us to understand.Mass: St. Damasus I - Opt Mem1st: Is 35:1-10Resp: Ps 85:9-10, 11-12, 13-14Gsp: Lk 5:17-26Please like and share this video on Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/90378558559/videos/10155906511558560
Series on Airmaria Select Category Air Maria Series (9,726) Homily (5,664) Specials (111) St. Mary's, Baltic, CT (180) Mt. St. Francis (197) Griswold, CT (2,184) Perth, Australia (83) Shrine, La Crosse, WI (78) Lanherne Friars (46) Stoke-on-Trent, UK (29) Bloomington, IN (1,208) On The Road (5) St Johns, Bloomington (61) New Bedford, MA (568) Promo (15) Face of Pro-Life (156) Special Event (71) Immaculate Music (53) News (822) Fi News (385) AirMaria Updates (60) World Review (2) Roving Reporter (133) Vatican (21) Rome Reports (27) No Apologies (122) 10 Most Popular (16) Book Log (15) Variety (295) Ave Maria Meditations (1,302) Marycast (407) Marycast Specials (221) 5th Marian Dogma for Beginners (11) Historical Highpoints of Mary Coredemptrix (16) Our Lady of All Nations (26) Our Lady of Akita (5) OLO America (8) OLO Lipa (5) Queen of Angels (3) Vatican Council II (12) From the Web (318) Friar Tech (10) Mission Down Under (214) Live Events (18) Live Archive (4) Conferences (361) Behold Your Mother Conference (12) Amsterdam 2008 (18) Mariae Advocatae Causa (5) Relevance of Marian Coredemption (6) Our Lady of All Nations 2008 (7) Scotus Mariology, Durham 2008 (13) Coredm Greenwood 2007 (0) Coredm La Crosse 2009 (8) Coredm La Crosse 2010 (8) Newman-Scotus DC 2010 (17) OLO All Nations LI 2011 (3) Card Arinze RI 2011 (0) Courage Chicago 2011 (8) Queen of the Americas 2011 (1) Canon Law La Crosse 2011 (0) Ct Birthright 2010 (2) Short Conferences (2) Coredm La Crosse 2011 (6) Courage Emmitsburg 2012 (9) Courage Syracuse 2012 (0) Courage Chicago 2013 (10) Courage Philly 2014 (11) Courage Chicago 2015 (16) Priests Retreat 2015 (13) Fr Peter Symposium ND (13) Random Conferences (12) Priests Retreat 2012 (8) A Year of Faith in Mary (3) MIM Retreat 2012 (4) Conference for Mothers (3) 2nd Mens Leadership Conference (12) Heroic Virtue Conference (4) Lent 2016 Fr. Hollowell (3) Confidence in God (8) Penance Fr. Ignatius 2016 (0) Notre Dame MI 2016 (0) Spring 2016 Marian Day (3) Fr. Casey – Mercy, Jesus' Own Words (4) 8 Day Ignatian Retreat (25) Priests Retreat 2016 (3) Life Teen Leadership Retreat (1) Fatima 100 Years (5) Fatima Campbell 2017 (6) Catholic Schoolhouse 2017 (4) SPSE Retreat 2017 (6) Journey to God 2017 (7) Advent & Silence 2017 (3) Marian Shrines of the World (25) Fatima Reflections (9) A Day With Mary (200) Australia (63) UK (31) USA (3) FI Missions (8) Tour of the Catechism (80) Mariology for Everyone (40) Mary Now (63) Fatima Minute (16)
Nigeria's leading commercial bank, Zenith Bank Plc, has been announced as the official sponsor of the 21st CAA African Senior Championship Asaba 2018.
In a statement signed by Olukayode Thomas on behalf of the Local Organising Committee, LOC for Asaba 2018, he said Zenith Bank was the preferred choice as official sponsor due to the bank's impeccable track record.
“Zenith Bank was the preferred choice because of their commitment to the country, Delta state, sports development and even youth empowerment which we have seen the results across the country.” He said.
The deal with Zenith Bank was brokered by the Championship Consultant and Head of Brand and Communication, Bukola Olopade, who is the Managing Director of Nilayo Sports Limited.
Championship is one of the biggest athletics events of 2018 as it will serve as a selection event for Team Africa to the 2018 IAAF Continental Cup in Ostrava, Czech Republic.
The LOC and all the other members of the organizing committee for Asaba 2018 are quite delighted that a leading brand like Zenith Bank is associating itself with the African Championships.
They urged other brands to emulate Zenith Bank as the African Athletics Championships, and sports in general, will help to engage the youth and give them a platform to rightly channel their energy and make the best of it.
The CAA African Senior Athletics Championship Asaba 2018 will hold from August 1-5, 2018.
San Diego County Sheriff's deputies are looking for the public's help in finding the car responsible for striking a bicyclist in Encinitas, leaving her with serious injuries.
Th 30-year-old woman was riding her bike southbound in the designated lane on North Coast Highway 101 near Basil Street around 10 p.m. Friday night.
A Mercedes C series struck the woman and fled the scene, leaving her with severe head trauma, deputies said.
The car is described as a 1993 to 2000 Mercedes C series, either silver or white. The car has damage to the front grill.
If anyone witnessed or has further information about this collision please contact the North Coastal Sheriff's Station Traffic Division. To remain anonymous, call Crime Stoppers at (888) 580-8477 with information. You may be eligible for up to a $1,000 reward for information leading to a felony arrest.
Beckham's latest Miami stadium plan targets golf course
hello
FILE - In this Jan. 29, 2018, file photo, David Beckham speaks at an event where it was announced that Major League Soccer is bringing an expansion team to Miami, in Miami. Beckham's latest soccer plan for Miami might be decided by the city's voters. His target: A golf course. Beckham is scheduled to appear before the Miami city commission next week, as he and his partners aim to move closer to picking a stadium location for their Major League Soccer franchise. Associated Press
FILE - In this Jan. 29, 2018, file photo, David Beckham poses for a photo at an event where it was announced that Major League Soccer is bringing an expansion team to Miami, in Miami. Beckham's latest soccer plan for Miami might be decided by the city's voters. His target: A golf course. Beckham is scheduled to appear before the Miami city commission next week, as he and his partners aim to move closer to picking a stadium location for their Major League Soccer franchise. Associated Press
MIAMI -- David Beckham's latest soccer plan for Miami might be decided by the city's voters.
His target: a golf course.
Beckham is scheduled to appear before the Miami city commission next week as he and his partners aim to move closer to picking a stadium location for their Major League Soccer franchise. The Beckham group's latest proposal calls for a 28,000-seat stadium on the site of what is now the Melreese Country Club, a public golf course owned by the city that sits near Miami International Airport.
If commissioners approve, voters would decide on Nov. 6 whether to change the city's charter and allow what would be a no-bid deal to lease 73 acres at the Melreese site to the group. The deal Beckham is proposing calls for the city to collect nearly $140 million in rent payments over 39 years, a rate of roughly $3.5 million annually.
Beckham's group would pay an additional $20 million over 30 years to help fund a planned 58-acre park on the site.
The former Manchester United, Real Madrid and LA Galaxy star and business partner Jorge Mas are listed on the city's agenda for the July 12 meeting, described as scheduled to make a "personal appearance" and "special presentation." They will ask commissioners to put the measure before voters, though it's certain that not everyone at the meeting will be supporting the idea.
Petitions are circulating to save the course, where Tiger Woods has appeared for clinics in the past. Longtime LPGA star Cristie Kerr, a Miami native, has voiced opposition to the Melreese plan in recent months, as has fellow Miami native pro Erik Compton.
"Please help protect this beautiful green space, this public golf course and this home to amazing youth programs," Compton wrote on Twitter .
Beckham's group also wants to bring a massive technology park to the site, as well as an underground parking facility, public soccer fields, 500 new hotel rooms, a conference center, retail stores, restaurants and more. The Beckham franchise, when it gets going, will also bring a training center and an academy focused on developing local players to the Miami area.
The stadium-location quest is just the latest drawn-out chapter in Beckham's five-years-and-counting marathon to bring MLS back to Miami. The Miami Fusion played from 1998-2001, folding because of poor attendance.
Beckham and MLS announced in January that the franchise would be coming to Miami, but nearly every detail about the club remains unclear. There's no definitive start date - 2020 has been mentioned repeatedly, even though no new stadium could possibly be ready by then - as well as no team name, no logo, no colors, no coaching staff and no front-office personnel.
More than a year ago, Miami-Dade County commissioners approved a deal to sell Beckham nearly three acres of county land for $9 million with the belief that it would be the last parcel he needed for a stadium site in the city's Overtown neighborhood. But that site was never the preferred choice for Beckham and his group anyway, with the original hope being to build on the waterfront near the Port of Miami.
The Overtown site now seems all but doomed, though it's unclear what would happen if city commissioners or voters block the latest Beckham plan.
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Handout via Storyful(TORONTO) — A Toronto police officer who confronted the man accused of plowing into pedestrians with a van Monday has been praised by officials for how he was able to apprehend the suspect without firing a single shot.
Dramatic video taken by an onlooker shows the moment the officer gets out of his unmarked vehicle in the middle of the street in northern Toronto and engages in a standoff with the suspect.
By that point, the suspect had allegedly rammed numerous pedestrians while driving down Yonge Street in the Canadian city's bustling North York neighborhood. The battered white van then turned onto Poyntz Avenue, where it finally stopped, police said. That's when the alleged driver got out of the vehicle and was confronted by a lone police officer.
In the video footage, the officer draws his firearm and can be heard repeatedly shouting at the suspect to “get down” amid a blaring siren.
The suspect, clad in black pants with a black jacket over a blue shirt, has also drawn an object and is seen in the video pointing it at the officer. The officer repeats his calls for the man to “get down.”
The suspect then repeatedly draws and aims the object at the officer.
The officer quickly reaches into his vehicle to turn off the siren and then draws his gun again.
“Come on, get down!” the officer yells at the suspect.
“Kill me!” the suspect shouts while pointing the object at the officer.
The officer responds, “No, get down! Get down!”
“I have a gun in my pocket,” the suspect says, with the object still drawn in his hands.
“I don't care, get down!” the officer responds.
“I have gun in my pocket,” the suspect says again.
“Get down! Get down, or you'll be shot!” the officer shouts as he slowly advances toward the suspect.
“Shoot me in the head!” the suspect responds before starting to walk toward the officer with the object still in his hands.
The officer takes a few steps back and yells, “Get down on the ground! Get down! Get down! Get down!”
At this point, the suspect finally yields to the officer's commands and lays face down on the sidewalk.
“Hands behind your back!” the officer shouts as he runs toward the suspect on the ground and handcuffs him.
The officer never fires his weapon in the entire encounter.
The suspect, identified by authorities as 25-year-old Alek Minassian of Toronto, was arrested and later charged with 10 counts of first-degree murder as well as 13 counts of attempted murder. So far, there's no indication that Minassian was armed with a gun, police said. It's not clear what object he was holding.
Ten people were killed and 14 others were injured in Monday's attack, police said.
A law enforcement source told ABC News that the officer in the video is Constable Ken Lam, who works in traffic enforcement.
However, the Toronto Police Service has not publicly confirmed the officer's name and has declined media requests to interview him or his supervisor.
Without naming the officer involved, Toronto Police Chief Mark Saunders praised how he handled the situation.
“I can tell you it's directly related to the high-caliber training that takes place. The officers here are taught to use as little force as possible in any given situation,” Saunders told reporters during a press conference Monday. “The officer did a fantastic job with respect to utilizing his ability of understanding the circumstances and the environment and having a peaceful resolution.”
Saunders said in a press conference Tuesday afternoon that the officer showed a combination of remarkable restraint and remarkable training. When Saunders briefly spoke with the officer, he said he had defaulted to his training and was thankful for the support he's received.
Mike McCormack, president of the Toronto Police Association, told ABC News that Lam “did everything he was trained to do.”
“He was constantly surveilling,” McCormack said. “… This officer showed amazing ability from his training.”
Premier of Ontario Kathleen Wynn said she watched the footage of the standoff and said it shows “terrific policing.”
“The way he behaved was pretty much an example of terrific policing,” Wynn said at a press conference this morning.
Copyright © 2018, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Paul Manafort asks judge to dismiss charges President Donald Trump's former campaign chairman asked a federal judge Wednesday to dismiss some of the criminal charges he faces related to his foreign lobbying work on behalf of Ukrainian...
The West is still letting Putin run wild If anyone needed further proof of Vladimir Putin's malevolence, the last 10 days provided chilling examples. His agents attacked a Russian defector and his daughter with nerve agent on British...
Fake news spreads way faster than the truth on Twitter WASHINGTON — Twitter loves lies. A new study finds that false information on the social media network travels six times faster than the truth and reaches far more people. And...
Stormy Daniels nearly went public with affair before election Stormy Daniels almost didn't keep her mouth shut — the porn star threatened to cancel her nondisclosure agreement right before the election, when an attorney for Donald Trump was late...
Peeling back the layers of Hillary Clinton's deceit For law enforcement, Congress and even journalists, exposing misdeeds is like peeling an onion. Each layer you remove gets you closer to the truth. So it is with the scandalous...
Twitter says 1.4M users engaged with Russian propaganda At least 1.4 million people on Twitter interacted with Russian propaganda during the 2016 presidential election—double the number initially identified, according to a company blog post. That figure, while larger...
Susan Sarandon says Hillary Clinton is 'very dangerous' Actress Susan Sarandon called former presidential candidate Hillary Clinton “very dangerous” Sunday — and said the United States would be at war had she won the 2016 election. The vocal...
Bannon: Trump actually won New Hampshire in 2016 MANCHESTER, N.H. — Former White House adviser Steve Bannon said Thursday he “strongly” believes Republican President Donald Trump won New Hampshire and that voter irregularities were behind his loss in...
Trump campaign's data firm asked Assange for help on Clinton emails The head of a data firm that worked on Donald Trump's presidential campaign approached Wikileaks founder Julian Assange for help in finding the 33,000 missing emails from Hillary Clinton's private...
A volunteer Junior Firefighter with Brunswick Volunteer Fire Department was one of three suspected arsonists in the custody of the Columbus County Sheriff's Office.
Zachary Paul McPherson, 18, who was with the fire department, was charged with three felony counts of burning an unoccupied building and three counts of breaking and entering. He is being held under $150,000 secured bond. His address was listed as 18329 Peacock Rd., Whiteville.
Also charged were Joshua Michael Sutton, 16, of 18003 Peacock Road. He was also held under $150,000 secured bond on the same felony charges.
A juvenile petition is being sought for a 14 year old on the same felonies.
According to sheriff's office spokesperson Michelle Tatum, investigators were called to a fire at 58 Carl Stephens Road around 10:30 p.m. on April 11. Quick response by Williams Township firefighters kept damage to a minimum, but investigators determined the fire had been intentionally set.
On April 13, firefighters were called back to the same home at 1:25 a.m., but were unable to save the remainder of the structure.
The next day, officers were called to 2064 Carl Stephens Road at around 1 a.m., which resulted in another total loss. Roseland Firefighters responded to the blaze, and determined it too was of suspicious nature.
The county fire marshal and sheriff's office conducted the investigation, taking the suspects into custody Monday.
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
FORT WAYNE, Ind. (WANE) – A special needs cheerleading squad is looking for help to get to their national competition next month.
The Whitley County Dazzlers plan to attend the competition April 21 in Orlando, Florida.
“I'm so excited because I get to go swimming,” Samantha Ball said.
“I'm really excited to go to Florida because I've never been there,” Carry Boggs said.
The group started seven years ago in Whitley County but grew to have members from all over northeast Indiana. Their abilities range and so do their ages — from 6 to 24 years old. This trip will mean a lot of quality time together.
“That's probably the best part, spending so much time with the team, because we're all so close like a family,” Alisha Kimmel said.
And they get to showcase all of their hard work. “I think it'd be really fun because it's just a chance where we can show off our talents,” Samara Pfeiffer said.
The coach got the team a grant to help with some of the cost, but it will be costly to cover the trip for all the members. So she's trying to take away some of the stress.
“Families with special needs children, a lot of time, don't get to go on vacation, so I try to make sure I can cover their hotel cost,” Vanessa Bills said.
Bills and everyone else involved work with the group as volunteers, so donations will go toward to hotel and travel costs.
The teammates's chief concerns are experiencing Florida and competing together.
“I think it'd be really fun to be with the squad and hang out with them,” Jyl Riemersma said
“I have two things. One: I want to find a shark tooth. Two: I want to win the competition,” Aidan Tucker said.
Click here if you want to help the Dazzlers get to Florida.
Brother ‘begged Kim Jong-un to spare his life'
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
The U.S. Supreme Court turned down a chance to decide whether the main federal job-bias law bars discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation.
The nation's highest court on Monday rejected an appeal by Jameka Evans, who said she was subjected to discrimination and harassment while working at Georgia Regional Hospital in Savannah.
Lower courts are divided about whether the law, known as Title VII, covers sexual orientation. The Atlanta-based federal appeals court that handled Evans's case said in March that sexual orientation isn't included.
The following month a Chicago-based federal appeals court disagreed, ruling that sexual-orientation discrimination is a form of gender bias, which Title VII explicitly prohibits in the workplace.
Evans's bid for Supreme Court review faced a procedural complication that might have dissuaded the justices from hearing the case. Georgia Regional Hospital declined to participate, saying it hadn't been formally served with a copy of the lawsuit, which Evans originally filed without the benefit of a lawyer.
The case is Evans v. Georgia Regional Hospital, 17-370.
D'Arce McMillan, The Western Producer markets editor, monitors trends in the North American and global agricultural markets. Each week he hosts a market video about crops. The video is designed to help viewers understand the forces responsible for changes in the trade.
If agricultural markets are important to you, we have you covered.
Butler earned All-District 9-AAA honors as a sophomore, junior and senior for coach Russ Plummer and the Commandos. She was also a four-year starter at HHS and is the daughter of Josh and Julie Butler.
Fischer was a four-year starter for coach Guy Virgilio at Lakewood Ranch High School in Bradenton, serving as team captain as a senior. She is the daughter of Steve and Nicole Fischer.
Butler and Fischer join Marissa Avnaim (Arcadia, Calif.) and Jennifer Segura (Glendora, Calif.) in this year's recruiting class.
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
CLEVELAND, Ohio (WYTV) — Search and recovery efforts for the aircraft that went missing Thursday evening are resuming today.
The city says there will be seven vessels in the water that have four dive teams. New York State Police, the Ohio Department of Natural Resources, Akron Fire, Toledo Fire and the Cleveland Metroparks Rangers have joined search efforts.
Searches will be by water, air and shoreline.
Crews from the Cleveland Division of Fire, the United States Coast Guard, Underwater Marine Contractors and the Cleveland Division of Police are continuing to work on the search and recovery operations.
During the course of search and recovery operations, Unified Command received multiple reports of debris washing ashore east of Burke Lakefront Airport.
The Cleveland Division of Police confirmed that a bag recovered yesterday in the vicinity of the Shoreby Club Harbor in Bratenahl was from the aircraft.
Investor nerves are being put to the test again ahead of a US Federal Reserve meeting this week. Analysts say it's very likely US policymakers will be increasing the interest rate by 0.25 per cent to 1.75.
Trade war fears could be reignited as well as economic officials from the 20 wealthiest countries meet in South America for the G20 summit. Traders will be watching to see if Trump's trade tariff threats against China are brought up once again.
On Wall Street, the Tech Sector is taking a big hit as Facebook shares drop 4.7 per cent following news the company leaked profiles for over 50 million members to Cambridge Analytica. CEO Mark Zuckerberg has yet to respond to the reports.
The Dow is down 238 points to 24,708. On Bay Street, the TSX is dropping 106 points to 15,604.
Oil is down to 61.50.
Gold is sliding to 1,312.
The Loonie is falling from its morning gains to 76.32 cents US.
0:51 The day Idaho's Teton Dam broke Pause
1:23 Truckstop.com now hiring in Boise
1:39 The aftermath of Idaho's Teton Dam collapse
2:24 How Boise police respond to hate crimes
2:37 Chandler Hutchison: "We're just not making shots."
0:58 Risch objects to King letter
1:13 This Oroville Dam evacuee brought along a month's worth of food
0:13 Police remove unruly Famous Idaho Potato Bowl fan
2:55 University of Idaho President Chuck Staben on moving to the Big Sky Conference, Part 1
Trump administration calls for heightened regulation of clearing houses
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Start a Digital Trial for $1.00 per week.
Try all of the FT's content with a Premium Digital Trial 4 weeks for $1.00 *
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week
You will be billed $36.00 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $6.45 per week
Other Subscription options:
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
The memo has sparked days worth of charges and counter-charges. The Republican memo alleges FBI and Justice Department abuses of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act, accusing the FBI of improperly using information paid for in part by Hillary Clinton's campaign to obtain a FISA warrant for Trump campaign foreign policy adviser Carter Page. Democrats have blasted the memo as a misleading document that omits key facts about the Page FISA application, accusing Republicans of using the memo to try to undermine special counsel Robert Mueller's probe.
The memo was also approved for release by the White House over the strong objections of the FBI and Justice Department, with the FBI even releasing a public statement expressing “grave concern” at the memo's omissions, putting Trump at odds with his own FBI chief.
Now that the memo is public, here are five key takeaways about what's behind the controversial four-page document and its potential fallout:
1) McCabe's testimony key to unlocking the veracity of the Republican allegations
The central allegation in the Nunes memo is buried near the end of the four-page document: “(FBI) Deputy Director (Andrew) McCabe testified before the committee in December 2017 that no surveillance warrant would have been sought from the FISC (FISA court) without the Steele dossier information.”
Much of the memo is focused on the opposition dossier on Trump and Russia written by ex-British intelligence agent Christopher Steele — and how Steele's indirect payments from Democrats and anti-Trump views weren't disclosed to the FISA court.
But the allegations against Steele are only as significant as Steele's dossier is to the larger FBI FISA application. The Republican memo charges that it's essential, citing the McCabe testimony, but Democrats dispute that characterization.
“If you look at the whole of Mr. McCabe's testimony, what he was describing is that the FISA application relies on all the components within the application, each and every component,” said Rep. Adam Schiff, the top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee. “And only in that sense is it fair to say, well, if you take out any piece of it then does that mean that the application would not be complete?”
The only way to know for sure whose story aligns with McCabe's testimony? Release the transcript.
2) The dossier didn't start the Trump-Russia investigation
The Nunes memo focuses on the dossier's use in the Page FISA warrant, but the memo also undercuts its own argument by noting that the FISA application also included information regarding Trump campaign foreign policy adviser George Papadopoulos, suggesting there was intelligence beyond the dossier.
The memo also confirms it was not the dossier that sparked the FBI's investigation into Trump and Russia — but rather it was Papadopoulos, whose conversations with a professor connected to the Russian government promising dirt on Clinton were relayed to the FBI through the Australian government.
While the memo attempts to make the point there was no evidence connecting Papadopoulos to Page, it really confirms a larger piece of the overall Russia investigation by stating that the FBI counterintelligence investigation was “triggered” by Papadopoulos in July 2016, months before the Page FISA application was filed.
3) Rosenstein plays a minor role, but…
Before the memo was released Friday, conservatives suggested it would implicate senior FBI and Justice Department officials, including Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein.
Rosenstein is key to the Russia investigation because he has the power to fire Mueller, after Attorney General Jeff Sessions recused himself from the Russia matter. Earlier this week, Trump had told his associates and aides he wanted the memo released, believing it could discredit the agency investigating possible collusion between his campaign associates and Russia.
Rosenstein is only mentioned once in the memo itself, as one of multiple officials who signed one of the three FISA renewals for Page.
While that shows Rosenstein has a role in the Page FISA warrants, the fact there have been three renewals also means that a FISA judge was convinced that the surveillance was yielding information about the target acting as an agent of a foreign power that merited continued monitoring.
Will that matter to Trump? Trump isn't saying whether he will fire Rosenstein, but he also did not exactly give him a vote of confidence Friday.
“You figure that one out,” Trump said with a scowl when asked by reporters in the Oval Office if he was considering firing his deputy attorney general.
One way to read the tea leaves about Rosenstein's fate in the memo: Other officials he's listed alongside approving FISA warrants include former FBI Director James Comey (fired by Trump), former acting Attorney General Sally Yates (fired by Trump) and McCabe (stepped down this week).
4) It's all about credibility (and undermining it)
The dossier's central charges are intended to diminish the credibility of Steele and those around him.
Steele lost his credibility, the memo alleges, for being anti-Trump. For talking to the press. And for writing a product only minimally corroborated — suggesting he shouldn't have been a credible source for the FBI to use in the FISA application.
In addition to being paid by Democrats, Steele is accused of telling Justice Department official Bruce Ohr he was “desperate that Donald Trump not get elected and was passionate about him not being president.”
The memo also criticizes Steele for his media contacts with Yahoo News, and accuses him of lying and concealing them from the FBI, ruining his past status as a reliable source on the FBI's 2010 investigation into FIFA, the soccer governing body.
“Steele's numerous encounters with the media violated the cardinal rule of source handling — maintaining confidentiality — and demonstrated that Steele had become a less than reliable source for the FBI,” the memo states, while acknowledging “Steele's past record of credible reporting on other unrelated matters.”
But Steele's role providing key information to the FBI in its past FIFA investigation would carry significant weight with the court. Stephen Vladeck, a CNN legal analyst and professor at the University of Texas School of Law, said the Nunes memo leaves out “all the rest of the information that the government was relying on to get the warrant.”
“The memo makes an assumption by looking at one sliver instead of the whole pie,” he said.
The memo also attacks the credibility of the dossier itself, citing that corroboration was in its “infancy” when the Page warrant was filed and later assessed as only “minimally corroborated” — which also does acknowledge that some of the dossier was in fact corroborated, despite Trump's claims it's a hoax.
5) Any bipartisanship for the House Russia investigation is officially gone
The House Intelligence Committee's Russia investigation has been roiled by politics for nearly a year now, stemming back from when Nunes stepped aside from the probe amid an Ethics Committee investigation he was later cleared for. Still, the committee has managed somewhat to work together on the Russia probe under Texas Republican Rep. Mike Conaway to bring in a stream of Trump and Obama officials.
But any last hopes that the committee would sit down to write a report together on its findings is out the window.
Even before the Nunes memo, most lawmakers were resigned to the idea that they would end up with two conflicting reports — a Republican version concluding there's no evidence of collusion and a Democratic one highlighting all the areas where the committee failed to sufficiently investigate.
Now the two sides have been at each other's throats for the past two weeks over the Nunes memo, and the committee's members don't expect that to dissipate when they return, even if Nunes' role in the Russia probe stays behind the scenes.
(©2018 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. By Jeremy Herb.)
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Justin Thomas began his third round at the Waste Management Phoenix Open four shots behind leaders Rickie Fowler and Bryson DeChambeau, but the 2017 PGA Champion was on fire early at TPC Sawgrass.
From the opening hole, Thomas reeled off six consecutive birdies, the longest streak of his career on the PGA Tour.
Roll, @JustinThomas34, roll! From long range for his fourth and fifth birdies of the day. PS: He's only played five holes in Round 3. 😲😲 pic.twitter.com/v2lONNKUcl — PGA TOUR (@PGATOUR) February 3, 2018
When you're hot, you're hot. Six 🐦 in a row for JT!#QuickHits pic.twitter.com/0VAN4m0Wlw — PGA TOUR (@PGATOUR) February 3, 2018
The record for consecuitve birdies at TPC Scottsdale is 7 by JJ Henry in 2006. JT has made 6 in a row. — Justin Ray (@JustinRayGC) February 3, 2018
Thomas gave a shot back at the 7th hole after his tee shot at the 215-yard par-3 found the rough, setting up a bogey. Still, the world No. 4 is now in the perfect position to contend for his second win of the season.
By PAUL ELIAS, Associated Press
UPS spokesman Steve Gaut told The Associated Press that an employee fired inside the facility before the drivers were sent out to do their normal daily deliveries. Gaut said four people were injured and that he believed the shooter “turned the gun on himself.”
Gaut and hospital officials did not have immediate information about anyone's condition.
Zuckerberg San Francisco General Hospital received the victims, spokesman Brent Andrew said, but he did not know exactly how many people.
Auto shop owner Robert Kim said he heard about five to eight rapid gunshots. The next thing he knew, he said, “a mob of UPS drivers” was running down the street screaming “shooter, shooter.”
Police confirmed the shooting at the facility in the Potrero Hill neighborhood, about 2 ½ miles from downtown San Francisco but didn't release further information.
Uniformed UPS employees were later led out in a line by officers next to a highway. They walked away calmly with emergency vehicles nearby and gathered nearby outside a restaurant.
The shooting led to a massive police response and a shelter-in-place warning for the surrounding area.
It came the same day a gunman opened fire on Republican lawmakers at a congressional baseball practice, wounding U.S. Rep. Steve Scalise of Louisiana and several others.
A woman armed with a shovel struck a vehicle and threatened two people before an officer shot her, according to Las Vegas Metro police.
During a press conference Tuesday, Assistant Sheriff Brett Zimmerman of Las Vegas Metro police said dispatchers received a call at 10:13 p.m. on May 12 stating a woman, identified as Sommer Richards, 34, was threatening others with a broom and a skillet in a neighborhood near Nellis Boulevard and Desert Inn Road. Another person said Richards was banging a shovel on the ground and speaking to herself.
Zimmerman said the call was generated as “STAR Protocol” which stands for supervisor's tactic for armed subject response. He said this type of response includes a minimum of three officers and a supervisor. They are dispatched if there is credible information that a person is armed and the person is acting in a threatening manner with a weapon.
A caller informed dispatchers that Richards struck a vehicle and that the vehicle belongs to her boyfriend, who works as a security guard at a nearby business. By 10:18 p.m. the caller's boyfriend arrived at the scene. The pair confronted Richards, who swung the shovel at them and missed, Zimmerman said.
[RELATED: Las Vegas police name officer who allegedly shot woman 'acting erratically' with shovel ]
At 10:20 p.m. Officer Ondre Wills of Las Vegas Metro police arrived at the scene and saw Richards in the street with the shovel. He got out of his vehicle and told her to drop the shovel. Standing between Richards and the victims, Wills continued to tell Richards to drop the shovel but she did not comply. Richards eventually moved towards the victims with the shovel and Wills fired seven times at her, police said.
"Ma'am, if you take one more step, I will shoot you. If you take one more step, I will shoot you!" Wills yelled. "Drop the shovel! Ma'am, what's going on? Drop the shovel!"
Zimmerman said he did not have an explanation for the number of shots fired. He also noted that a shovel can be considered a deadly weapon, depending on the situation.
"He was engaged with her at a close distance, and he felt that she was closing the distance, at least from the video," Zimmerman said. "It's just like a baseball bat could, but anything you could be struck with, if you're stuck in the head with a baseball bat it could be considered deadly force."
Wills called for a medical response. At that time, another officer arrived at the scene and attempted to put a tourniquet on Richards but she bit the officer's hand. Richards was taken to Sunrise Hospital where she is listed in serious but stable condition, Zimmerman said.
She was booked in absentia for two counts of assault with a deadly weapon, tampering with a motor vehicle and battery on a protected person.
Zimmerman said Richards has a prior criminal history dating back to January 2017 which includes possession of a controlled substance, possession of a credit card without owner's consent, tampering with a motor vehicle and nine other misdemeanors. She was arrested 18 times for failure to appear and had seven prior incidents involving the crisis intervention team, including one two days before the officer-involved shooting.
A court hearing for Richards is scheduled on Wednesday.
WARNING: The footage below might be considered graphic for some viewers.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Gain access to global coverage from local journalists on the ground in 50+ countries working around the clock to break news, analyze, spot risks and opportunities.
Join over 300,000 Finance professionals who already subscribe to the FT.
Since midterms are coming up soon, the Democratic party are being evaluated and it seems like they are in need of some assistance. Barack Obama might be just the guy to help.
The Hill reports that aides to Obama called it a “delicate dance” as he will try to balance his good name among liberals so that he is not the first thing they think of when casting their votes.
Obama is focused on fundraising to help the party rebuild after losing over 1,000 seats at the federal and state level.
The Hill in July were told that Obama has met with DNC Chairman Tom Perez along with other Democratic superiors to help with the “future of the Democratic Party.”
“He'll tread lightly because he is not going to be the face of the party when it actually counts in 2020 and 2024,” Julian Zelizer, a Professor of History and Public Affairs at Princeton University said to The Hill.
He continued, “So the extent to which he would emerge and speak to a wide range of issues would preclude the emergence of someone else. They must find a standard-bearer for future elections, and I think he can at least in the short term suck up all the available oxygen.”
Since leaving the Executive Branch, Obama has been pretty straightforward at times.
The former president gave his public support on “National Gun Violence Awareness Day” on June 2 by expressing “let your voice be heard and show your commitment to reducing gun violence.”
While his signature legislation is being fought on Capitol Hill, Obama let Americans know that he understands “repealing and replacing the Affordable Care Act has become a core tenet of the Republican Party. Still, I hope that our Senators, many of whom I know well, step back and measure what's really at stake.”
Dear Moneyologist,
Both my wife and I recently lost our jobs and both received payouts for about $40,000 each. I lost my job six months before. We placed my check in our joint bank account and continued to pay our normal monthly bills. We also sold a home and walked away with about $90,000. My wife took the $90,000 and her $40,000 without my knowledge and transferred it to an account with only her name attached.
‘I informed my wife that she had a month to transfer the funds back into our joint account or add my name to the account with the transferred funds.' Malcolm
She takes what's required for bills monthly and transfers that amount to our joint account to pay bills. I have since found another position and my check is deposited into our joint account. I informed my wife that she had a month to transfer the funds back into our joint account or add my name to the account with the transferred funds.
She has informed me that she placed $100,000 into a certificate of deposit that brings in $1,000 every two months and could not take it out for at least six months. I am not that worried about the funds. I just cannot get over that fact that she did this and has not responded to my request. Now I am also getting concerned about the funds. Should I be?
Malcolm
Dear Malcolm,
Your wife has had one major life change. It looks like she might be planning another.
The “what's yours is ours and what's mine is mine” mantra has never seemed more apt. And it usually suggests at least one person in a marriage is not invested in it all the way. Finance and romance go hand-in-hand in marriage, and your wife has already withdrawn one of those things from your partnership. The returns she claims on the CD are three times the average rate.
I don't see a court or judge in the country allowing your wife to keep this money in the event that you divorced. In community property states, this money is considered marital property. The Moneyologist
She has taken action. Now, so can you. Document all communications, speak to a lawyer about any other steps you should take, including talking to your bank reviewing the rules governing how you can withdraw large sums of money and the steps you would take to (a) freeze your wife's accounts and (b) retrieve the money.
Read: My mother-in-law is being bled dry by her incarcerated brother
The good news: I don't see a court or judge in the country allowing your wife to keep this money in the event that you divorced. In community property states, this money is considered marital property. In other states, a divorce court would still look unkindly on your wife transferring your joint assets into an account in her name only.
Also see: Two ‘controlling' fathers unhappy with their children speak out
There are logistical aspects to your dilemma too. Do you confront your wife and demand she return the money? Do you ask her for the documentation for these CDs and ask why they are not in your joint names? Of course, this could trigger a conversation you are less willing to have about why she did this and what it means for your marriage. But you need to establish the location of this money before it's too late.
I'm reminded of this letter where a stepmother sold the family home for $1 million without telling her step-children, bought a new home for $500,000 and kept the difference. Her stepchildren could sue, of course, but once the house was sold (or, in this case, the money has been withdrawn) it's far more difficult and expensive to get it back.
Whether it's a stolen home, altered will or just articles of clothing, once they've left the building, bank or wardrobe, they're always harder to get back.
Do you have questions about inheritance, tipping, weddings, family feuds, friends or any tricky issues relating to manners and money? Send them to MarketWatch's Moneyologist and please include the state where you live (no full names will be used).
Would you like to sign up to an email alert when a new Moneyologist column has been published? If so, click on this link.
CHANDLER, Ariz. — An Arizona man who sold ammunition to the gunman who carried out the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history was charged Friday with manufacturing armor-piercing bullets, according to court documents.
Unfired armor-piercing bullets found inside the Las Vegas hotel room where Stephen Paddock launched the Oct. 1 attack had the fingerprints of ammunition dealer Douglas Haig, according to a criminal complaint filed in federal court in Phoenix. It says Haig didn't have a license to manufacture armor-piercing ammunition.
- Advertisement -
Haig has acknowledged selling 720 rounds of tracer ammunition to Paddock in the weeks before the shooting that killed 58 people. Tracer bullets contain a pyrotechnic charge that illuminates the path of fired bullets so shooters can see whether their aim is correct.
The criminal charge involves another type of ammunition — armor-piercing bullets.
The documents don't say if any ammunition tied to Paddock was used in the attack. Las Vegas police wouldn't say whether armor-piercing bullets were used in the shooting but referred to a preliminary report saying some rifle magazines were loaded with armor-piercing ammunition.
Haig, a 55-year-old aerospace engineer who sold ammunition as a hobby for about 25 years, was charged 35 minutes before holding a news conference where he said he didn't notice anything suspicious when he sold the tracer rounds to Paddock.
Haig told investigators that when Paddock bought the ammunition at his home in suburban Phoenix, Paddock went to his car to get gloves and put them on before taking the box from Haig, the complaint said.
“I had no contribution to what Paddock did,” Haig told reporters earlier Friday, adding that there was nothing unusual about the type or quantity of ammunition the shooter bought. “I had no way to see into his mind.”
A phone message left for Haig's attorney, Marc Victor, wasn't immediately returned.
The two armor-piercing bullets found in Paddock's hotel room with Haig's fingerprints had an “incendiary capsule” on their noses, the documents said. A forensic analysis of those two bullets had tool marks consistent with the equipment in Haig's backyard workshop, according to the complaint.
It also alleges that FBI agents searching Haig's home on Oct. 19 found armor-piercing ammunition.
The complaint said Haig sold such bullets in more than 100 instances to customers across the United States, including Nevada, Texas, Virginia, Wyoming and South Carolina.
He appeared in court Friday and was released under the condition he not possesses guns or ammunition. If convicted, he could face up to five years in prison and a fine as high as $250,000.
Haig and his business partner, whose name wasn't provided, sold 40 to 50 rounds of incendiary rounds to Paddock in late August at a Las Vegas gun show, according to the complaint.
The next month, Haig said he met Paddock at a Phoenix gun show and that he was well-dressed and polite.
He didn't have the quantity of tracer ammunition on hand that Paddock was seeking, so Paddock contacted him several days later and lined up a sale at Haig's home.
Haig said he was shocked and sickened when a federal agent informed him of the massacre 11 hours after it unfolded.
Haig's lawyer said they held the news conference in a bid to protect his reputation after he was revealed earlier this week to be a “person of interest” in the investigation. Haig's identity emerged by mistake after his name was not redacted in court documents.
A law enforcement official previously told The Associated Press that investigators don't believe Haig had any involvement or knowledge of the planned attack when he sold ammunition to Paddock. The official wasn't authorized to discuss an ongoing investigation and spoke on condition of anonymity.
Haig arose in the investigation when a box with his name and address was found in the Mandalay Bay hotel suite where Paddock opened fire on a music festival below.
He gave the box to Paddock to carry the 720 rounds of tracer ammunition from the sale.
Haig said Paddock told him that “he was going to go out to the desert to put on a light show, either with or for his friends. I can't remember whether he used the word ‘with' or ‘for.' But he said that he was going out at night to shoot it with friends.”
Haig, who has closed his ammunition business , said he has received unwanted media attention and death threats since his name was released.
The FBI didn't immediately respond to a request for comment. The U.S. Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives referred questions to the U.S. attorney's office in Las Vegas, which declined to comment.
Arsenio juggling 'Mayor' role, stand-up and a 'not famous' girlfriend ABC's “The Mayor” has already established its original fish-out-of-water premise: the story of rapper Courtney Rose (Brandon Micheal Hall), who unexpectedly becomes mayor of a struggling Northern California town. Now,...
Sinéad O'Connor apologizes for Arsenio Hall drug claims In May 2016, O'Connor accused Hall of being a drug dealer for Prince.
'The Arsenio Hall Show' canceled after one season Well, that didn't last long. “The Arsenio Hall Show” was cancelled Friday after one season on the air. The late-night show, syndicated by CBS Television Distribution (11:30 p.m./Ch. 11), got...
Brian Williams apologizes for Arsenio Hall snub LOS ANGELES — NBC News anchor Brian Williams had a quick on-air response after Arsenio Hall needled him for excluding Hall from a video montage of late-night hosts: Oops. “Arsenio...
Which fall talk shows make the grade? Yeah, yeah, we know. It's still early in the fall TV season. A lot can happen between now and May. But it's a bit different in syndication, where you don't...
'Breaking' news: The ratings aren't 'Bad' at all So how much watercooler buzz did Sunday night's episode of “Breaking Bad” generate in your office? It was quite a talker here — and, based on the ratings for Sunday...
Officers investigate the scene of a homicide in the 3300 block of Civic Center Drive May 14, 2018 (Luis Marquez / FOX5).
A Crime Scene Investigation unit is on the scene of a shooting that left a man dead May 14, 2018 (Luis Marquez / FOX5).
North Las Vegas Police said officers investigated a homicide late Monday night into Tuesday morning that left one man dead.
Officers responded to reports of shots fired in the 3300 block of Civic Center Drive, near Cheyenne Avenue at 11:30 p.m. Monday. A 24-year-old man suffering from an apparent gunshot wound was located at the scene and transported to a hospital where he later died from his injuries, officer Aaron Patty confirmed.
According to the preliminary investigation, the victim was walking through an apartment complex parking lot when he was shot by a man who pulled out a gun.
Police said they are trying to locate a suspect by gathering witness reports from neighbors. A motive for the homicide was not yet determined.
Anyone with information leading to the arrest of a suspect is urged to contact the NLVPD at 702-633-9111.
Stay with FOX5 for updates.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
MEXICO CITY - US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson warned Mexico on Friday to pay attention to Russian meddling in elections around the world, following comments from another US official that there were signs of such interference in the country's presidential race.
Speaking in Mexico City, Tillerson said European counterparts had noticed that Russia had had its fingerprints on a number of elections.
"We hear this from our European counterparts," Tillerson said. "My advice would be ... pay attention to what's happening."
His comments followed remarks late last year by US National Security Adviser H.R. McMaster, who said there was already evidence of Russian meddling in Mexican elections set for July.
McMaster did not give details of the alleged interference.
Tillerson made no reference to alleged Russian interference in the 2016 US election won by President Donald Trump. That involvement included people in Russia buying 3,000 US political ads and placing 80,000 Facebook posts seen by 126 million Americans over two years, Facebook has said.
US Special Counsel Robert Mueller is investigating the allegations of Russian meddling in the US campaign, including whether there was any collusion between Trump's team and Moscow.
Russia denies that it intervened in the election.
The country led by Vladimir Putin has also been accused of intervening in votes in Italy, Finland, Britain and France, among others.
Mexico holds presidential and congressional elections on July 1 and so far the frontrunner in almost all polls is left-wing former Mexico City Mayor Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador.
An aide to presidential hopeful Jose Antonio Meade, hoping to run for the ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI), warned in January that Russia could try to benefit Lopez Obrador.
Lopez Obrador has made light of the allegation and has since taken to wearing a jacket embroidered with the name "Andres Manuelovich."
Share on facebook Share on Twitter
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
The Cleveland Cavaliers had employees throughout the organization write special messages for the team on the actual court at Quicken Loans Arena.
It was a gesture to let the team know that the entire organization was out there with them in support. Well, the Pacers' Lavoy Allen apparently noticed the messages and wanted to make his own mark on the Cavaliers' home court before Monday's Game 2 in Cleveland.
In other news, Lavoy Allen just inscribed "Go Pacers" on the floor at The Q. He isn't sorry about it. #Pacers pic.twitter.com/iZO6vkXUEA — Charlie Clifford (@cliffWISH8) April 17, 2017
Allen got hold of a gold Sharpie and wrote “Go Pacers!!!” in all caps right there on the court.
Look at that smile — he almost got away with it undetected.
We'll have to see if the Cavaliers try to get rid of Allen's message.
Nearly 57 percent of Idaho residents own guns, says a new report by WalletHub, a financial website. Eagle resident Larry Baumgarten practices firing his handgun at the indoor Independence Indoor Shooting Range in Meridian. Darin Oswald doswald@idahostatesman.com
Randall Margraves charged at Nassar after two of his daughters delivered victim impact statements.
A father of three girls who were sexually abused by Larry Nassar tried to attack the former USA Gymnastics doctor in court during a sentencing hearing on Friday as court officers tackled the man to the ground and arrested him.
After two of his daughters delivered victim impact statements, Randall Margraves asked the judge to grant him five minutes alone "in a locked room with this demon." Judge Janice Cunningham told Margraves that she could not do that, prompting the father to suddenly charge toward Nassar before being tackled to the ground by court officers.
"I want that son of a bitch," Margraves said as he was being tackled. "Give me one minute with that bastard!" As he was being taken out of the room, Margraves asked the arresting officers, "What if this had happened to you guys?" Assistant Attorney General Angela Povilaitis turned to the remaining victims in the Michigan courtroom, telling them they could not behave like this. "This is letting him have the power over us," she said, urging people to use their words and not physical violence. After a short break in the proceedings, Judge Cunningham returned to tell the court that they should allow "the criminal justice system to do what it's supposed to do." "We cannot react by using physical violence and assault against someone who is and has performed criminal acts," Judge Cunningham said. "That's not how our system works."
Advertisement
Margraves' third daughter spoke in Ingham County court last week. Nassar, who was sentenced to 40 to 175 years behind bars last week for sexually abusing young athletes under the guise of medical treatment, is in court again this week to face sentencing on similar charges in a different Michigan county.
More than 60 women are expected to deliver victim impact statements in Eaton County. Speaking to reporters after the incident, Margraves said he was embarrassed by his outburst in court and apologized, saying he did not want to divert attention from his daughters, or other survivors who were speaking out against Nassar. He said he hadn't heard many of the details of the abuse his daughters faced until Friday, and that seeing Nassar shake his head at times, "that's when I lost control." "I'm not advocating that anyone should do that," Margraves said. "I feel very remorseful. I was embarrassed." Despite Nassar's conviction, Margraves said the experience has still left a heavy toll on his family. "I was blinded by the fancy degrees hanging on the wall," Margraves said, describing how he took his daughters to Nassar for various sports injuries. "I delivered, unintentionally my three daughters to a demon." "But this is a strong family," he said. "We will get through it."
After the court took a break for lunch Judge Cunningham addressed Margraves, who had been held in a holding cell for approximately two hours since his arrest. The judge told Margraves he was in contempt of court and informed him she could give him a jail sentence or fine him more than $7,000. Ultimately, Judge Cunningham said she would not order a punishment, trusting that Margraves would not have another outburst in court. "You have to understand this is a courtroom," she said "We enforce the rules of law. It's not acceptable we combat assault with assault. We have to teach our children that when people do things that are wrong ... we handle that by using legal proceedings. To punish them we cannot tolerate or condone vigilantism or any other type of action that comes down to an eye for an eye." Margraves apologized to the judge and the court, saying his outburst was a reaction to the content of the statements his daughters read in court. He said he only knew his daughters would read a statement and not the content of it as they did not let him read it beforehand. "I lost control. I apologize 100 times," he said. "I calmed down. I'm embarrassed. I'm not here to upstage my daughters. I'm here to help them heal." Margraves and his attorney said they were thankful for the leniency from the judge. They were not sure, they said, if sheriffs officials or prosecutors would pursue any other charges from the outburst. The father of three, however, did not offer any apology to Nassar, adding only that he wished additional punishment for him aside from the courts. "I could only hope that when the day comes, that Larry Nasser has ended his days on this earth, that he will be escorted to one of the deepest, darkest hottest pits in hell there is for him and people like him," Margraves said. "I hope there's a lot of pain attached to it, because he's certainly left a lot of pain on this earth. That's all I have to say." Sal Hernandez contributed to this report.
Mary Ann Georgantopoulos is a reporter for BuzzFeed News and is based in New York. Contact Mary Ann Georgantopoulos at maryann.georgantopoulos@buzzfeed.com. Got a confidential tip? Submit it here.
News moves fast. Keep up with the BuzzFeed News daily email! Sign up Great! You're almost there! Check your inbox and confirm your subscription now!
The Phoenix (17-31-1) are back in action tomorrow, April 18, to take on host Freed-Hardeman for a doubleheader beginning at 2 p.m., before rounding out their regular season on Thursday at Montreat College.
The RedHawks (14-26) got on board in the fourth inning scoring in one for a 1-0 advantage but Cumberland tied the game with an RBI single by Imani Torregano in the fifth. In the top of the seventh Dunn singled to left field driving in Taylor Woodring and Kayala Hoppenjans for the 3-1 win.
Tyra Graham went 2-for-4 and added one run and Jocelyn Hernandez added one hit and two walks. Kaitlin Kralj (5-12) picked up the victory, allowing four hits and no runs in three innings of relief. Nicole Pratt opened the game up for the squad, pitching three innings and allowing one run on four hits.
Caylee Porter and Shelbi Byler added two hits for Martin Methodist and Katlyn Andrin added one hit and one RBI. Baylee Mellott tossed five innings, allowing one run on five hits and striking out four. Riley Fleming (2-2) took the loss, allowing two runs on two hits and walking three batters in two innings of work.
Tessa Tomaselli started the Phoenix off with a solo homer in the second inning for a 1-0 lead. Back to back RBI singles by Torregano and Hernandez in the fifth put the squad ahead, 3-0.
A one-run triple by Hernandez in the sixth sparked a six-run inning as Dunn doubled down the right field line to bring across Hernandez. A grand slam for Montgomery secured the Phoenix 9-0 victory.
Tomaselli went 3-for-4 with two runs and one RBI and Montgomery recorded two hits, one run and four RBIs. Alexa Snyder (6-7) pitched CU to victory, allowing no runs on three hits and striking out seven in seven innings of work.
The RedHawks' Raegan Hannah collected two hits in the nightcap and Leisha Yamauchi added one. Deanna Stevens (3-6) took the loss allowing three runs and seven hits in five innings and Sydney Watson tossed two innings in relief, allowing six runs on six hits.
In the fifth inning of the opener Cumberland's Graham singled to center field with two outs. Graham stole second and advanced to third on a wild pitch, putting her in perfect scoring position. A Torregano single up the middle plated Graham to tie the game at 1-1.
Hoppenjans drew a walk to start the seventh off and Woodring reached on a fielder's choice. A sacrifice bunt by Torregano advanced both base runners to second and third. Hernandez drew a walk to load the bases for CU and Dunn followed with a two-run single to left field to pull the squad ahead, 3-1.
Tomaselli's solo homer to left field in the second inning put the Phoenix on the board for a 1-0 lead. In the fifth inning Woodring singled to right field and advanced to second on a wild pitch with two outs. Torregano's infield single scored in Woodring and Torregano advanced to second on a fielding error. Hernandez followed with an RBI single to right field that brought home Torregano to pull ahead 3-0.
Graham singled up the middle in the seventh inning and Torregano grounded out to the shortstop but Graham advanced to second on the play. A triple to right center by Hernandez scored home Graham and Dunn's RBI double to right field drove in Hernandez to take a 5-0 lead.
Miles drew a walk and Tomaselli singled to load the bases for Cumberland and Montgomery's grand slam to left field sent the Phoenix to a 9-0 victory in the final game of the day.
When it comes to fashion sense, Jacqueline Fernandez has always upped the game with her elegant dressing style. The leggy lass recently experimented with multiple variations out of a single outfit at the Dabangg Tour. Off course, the teenage girls couldn't get enough of the Sri Lankan beauty's gorgeousness and seemed to be quite inspired by her.
The Race 3 actress opted for a single outfit by Falguni Shane Peacock and experimented it with multiple variations for all her performance.
Sharing the pictures of all the outfits, Jacqueline took to her social media saying, "One outfit, many ways!! from Falguni Shane Peacock Ayo Henderson #DabanggTour #DabanggReloaded".
Looking at this, many teenage girls got inspired by the style diva and experimented with their outfits too.
These female fans also took to their social media sharing pictures of how they have gone ahead and styled one single outfit with multiple variations. It was quite a fan affair where the girls have tagged Jacqueline and thanked her to be such an inspiration. Check it out here-
Jacqueline has always been an audience favourite be it for her style quotient or her killer dance moves. The actress is currently leaving no stone unturned in treating her fans with stunning performances at the Dabangg Tour.
The actress will be travelling to different countries during her 21 days Dabangg tour schedule.
Meanwhile, Jacqueline Fernandez who is currently basking in the glory of the blockbuster run of Race 3, is witnessing an upward trend on her Instagram, clocks 19.6 M followers. A source revealed, "Jacqueline has been interacting and posting to her fans extensively. Her interaction growth has been in excess of 45 per cent in the past 3 months. That is a phenomenal rise."
On the work front, Jacqueline Fernandez will be next seen in Sushant Singh Rajput's Drive and Salman Khan's Kick 2.
Rep. Maxine Waters (D-CA) speaks at a press conference on Capitol Hill on January 31 in Washington. Aaron P. Bernstein / Getty Images file
“So, they convinced him to come out, but it's not in his heart. It's not in his heart and you could see that,” she said.
Waters added that if Trump should have initially come out without prepared remarks and denounced such groups explicitly.
“It would have been easy for him to do, but he didn't do it because it's not in his heart,” she said.
Waters strongly rebuked the president, calling Trump a “dishonorable human being who does not deserve to be president of the United States of America.”
White House aides came to Trump's defense following his Saturday remarks, with Vice President Mike Pence initially pinning blame on the media for not focusing more on the violence.
And on Sunday, the White House had put out a statement further clarifying Trump's comments, saying: “The President said very strongly in his statement yesterday that he condemns all forms of violence, bigotry and hatred and of course that includes white Supremacists, KKK, neo-Nazi and all extremist groups. He called for national unity and bringing all Americans together.”
Sanju Teaser Reaction: Ranbir Kapoor | Sanjay Dutt | Rajkumar Hirani | FilmiBeat
Finally, the much awaited teaser of Sanju starring Ranbir Kapoor is out, and fans are going gaga over it & we can totally understand why! Within the first few seconds of the teaser, you will be assured that this film is going to be nothing but epic. At the teaser launch event, when Ranbir was asked which face of Sanjay Dutt, he loved playing the most, he said, "I found it difficult to play young Sanju since there are a lot of facets. Playing Munnabhai was a lot fun."
Ranbir also said he loved working with the team of the film and said, "I have always wanted to make good films ever since I was born and to work on such a film and with such great people is an honour."
While sharing his experience from the shooting days, Ranbir revealed, "I didn't have the confidence to play Sanju. To give myself confidence that I can play Sanju was the biggest challenge. The whole script of Sanju shocked me. I had never seen this side of Sanjay Dutt. I am trying to learn from my mistakes. I learnt from raju sir the power of entertainment. I gave myself a month break between various phases of Sanju."
Speaking about Sanjay Dutt, Ranbir Kapoor said, "Sanjay Dutt might be flawed, but he is a good man. I have always been his fan and have been observing him since my childhood."
When Ranbir was asked to comment how would he react if someone tries to make a biopic on him, he said, "Main raazi hounga but my story isn't inspirational. I live a very boring life. I don't mind someone making it but I don't think it will work."
At the same event, Ranbir also commented on casting couch and said, "I have never faced it. If it's there it's the worst kind."
Director Rajkumar Hirani said, owing to the constant buzz around the film, that there's a pressure, how people would react to this film. He added, "We haven't added fiction. But have dramatized a bit."
ABC News(WASHINGTON) — President Trump called Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan to congratulate him on his referendum victory, according to the White House.
The White House said both leaders also discussed “the United States' action in response to the Syrian regime's use of chemical weapons on April 4th.”
“President Trump thanked President Erdoğan for supporting this action by the United States, and the leaders agreed on the importance of holding Syrian President Bashar al-Assad accountable,” the White House said in a statement. “President Trump and President Erdoğan also discussed the counter-ISIS campaign and the need to cooperate against all groups that use terrorism to achieve their ends.”
The constitutional referendum grants Erdoğan sweeping new powers by removing the prime minister and weakening Turkey's parliament, and by giving the president increased authority in picking judges and ministers, experts said to ABC News.
Erdoğan's victory was much narrower than expected, and the opposition has declared irregularities in the vote totals.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
President Barack Obama shocked the world last month when he retaliated against Russia for allegedly hacking our presidential election on Donald Trump's behalf. Fox News reported that Obama issued an executive order on Thursday that announced sanctions against Russia's two leading intelligence services. He also threw out dozens of intelligence operatives from the United States with the order, sanctioning the Russian intelligence agencies of the GRU and FSB.
The controversial order then went on to declare 35 Russian intelligence operatives “persona non grata” in the U.S. and to shut down two Russian compounds located in New York and Maryland.
“These actions follow repeated private and public warnings that we have issued to the Russian government, and are a necessary and appropriate response to efforts to harm U.S. interests in violation of established international norms of behavior,” Obama insisted.
Russia also responded to the sanctions, pointing out that Obama is in his final days as office and that Americans can hardly wait for Trump to take power. Vladimir Putin's spokesman Dmitry Peskov told reporters that Obama's sanctions will do little to help the strained relationship between Russia and the U.S.
“Such steps of the U.S. administration that has three weeks left to work are aimed at two things: to further harm Russian-American ties, which are at a low point as it is, as well as, obviously, deal a blow on the foreign policy plans of the incoming administration of the president-elect,” Peskov added, promising that Russia will retaliate.
What do you think? Are you ready for Obama to be out of the White House?
[MUSIC PLAYING]
We condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred bigotry and violence on many sides. On many sides.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
These dangerous fringe groups have no place in American public life and in the American debate. And we condemn them in the strongest possible terms.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A grandmother has called for a building ridden with colonies of pharaoh ants to be treated after her daughter-in-law found the insects crawling over her baby son's toys.
Caroline Downs, 53, from Caversham, says the flat her son William and his wife Sarah live in with their son Bobby, one, has had major problems with the pests.
Southern Housing, which runs the block, has carried out 25 separate operations to remove the tiny creatures from flats in Moulsford Mews, opposite Tesco in Portman Road.
But Ms Downes says they keep coming back, and the only way to solve the issue is to treat the entire building.
She said: "It's been a nightmare.
"My son and his partner had ants coming out of their plug sockets and in the bathroom.
"I was here the other day and we found them crawling all over my grandson's toys."
"We arranged for our pest control contractors to attend on 25 occasions to treat individual flats and parts of the communal areas."
The family's flat has been treated with poison, which has helped the problem, but other families with small children are also being affected.
Ms Downes added: "There's another woman who had to throw all her food away because the ants got inside the bags.
"And one woman has a nest of them inside her walls.
"In my opinion, it's no good treating the flats individually, it has to be the entire building."
Mr Downs, a baker who works at Tesco in Wokingham, added the heat in the building attracts the insects.
He said the company insists on having the main heating on all the time, which means he and his family never turn their own radiators on.
getreading visited the flats and can confirm they are unusually warm.
Mr Downs continued: "The treatment has helped, but it's not a nice situation to be in.
"We fully expect them to come back and it's horrible to think of them getting on Bobby's toys and into his room.
"They can carry disease, which is very worrying for us.
"We're constantly thinking about ants and there are so many families here with young children in the same situation."
Reading West MP Alok Sharma has also been in contact with Southern Housing over the issue, which has been going on for around 18 months.
"I was here the other day and we found them crawling all over my grandson's toys."
A spokesman for Southern Housing said: “We take the health and wellbeing of our customers very seriously, and we have been working to solve the issue at Basing House since it was first flagged to us in December 2016.
“Following reports from our customers, we arranged for our pest control contractors to attend Basing House on 25 occasions to treat individual flats and parts of the communal areas.
(Image: UGC TMS)
"All of these treatments were duly completed and seem to have cleared the issue in individual flats.
“We are now working to arrange for our contractor to treat again both individual flats and communal areas to ensure that the problem is fully eradicated, this may require up to four visits.
"Our customers will be able to remain in their homes while the block is being treated.
“We are very sorry for any inconvenience this has caused to our customers at Basing House and will continue to work to fully resolve the issue.
"We are committed to the health and wellbeing of our customers and they should not hesitate to get in contact with their Home Services Manager if they experience any further problems.”
What are pharaoh ants?
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Pharaoh ants are small yellow ants.
They are found all around the world and are considered to be a major pest.
They have an incredible ability to survive in indoor areas and have caused major problems by infesting hospitals, as they can spread disease and contaminate sterile equipment.
They cause huge problems because they repeatedly form new colonies by "budding" where a small group of workers and a single queen break off from their colony.
This forms a new colony, the size of which can be up to 300,000 of the insects.
They can build nests in walls, cabinet voids, behind baseboards, in fridge insulation and other undisturbed dark spaces.
Other problems homeowners face is that if you try to use poison to control them, it causes them to scatter which can lead to more "budding" and more colonies created.
Image copyright Ceridwen/Geograph Image caption The Victorian school building has fallen into a state of disrepair since it closed in 2011
A former Pembrokeshire junior school is set to be demolished to make way for a new link road.
The county council's Chimney's Link masterplan aims to ease traffic congestion and regenerate Fishguard town centre.
Phase one of the work got under way in March this year.
The council is now seeking full planning consent for phase two, which would allow for the link road to be constructed.
Should it be approved, the Victorian school building would be demolished along with the Transition Bro Gwaun cafe and the former library attached to the Ship and Anchor pub.
Alterations would also be made to the existing Co-operative Food store.
Vegetables from the UNLV garden will be part of annual 555 Dinner at Vegenation (FOX5).
Five local chefs will combine their skills over the next couple days to create a dinner that will help educate those who are eating it and create more sustainable gardens for local schools.
The Creation A Change Now organization will hold its annual '555 Dinner' on Sunday night at VegeNation in Henderson. The five local chefs have teamed up with one of five farmers to plan and plant for this unique meal which has never been served or plated until the event. For attendees, it is a journey through the taste buds from the appetizer and soup to the main dish and dessert. The Creation A Change Now organization works to bring attention to childhood obesity.
The event was created by James Wong from The Reset Project back in 2013, marking this the fifth year anniversary to bring the community back to the dinner table to learn about food, education, and support Create A Change Now.
“Good food education enables people everywhere to develop a better, more understanding and balanced relationship with food, in turn EMPOWERING them to make responsible, healthy, sustainable food choices for life,” said James Wong, Co-founder of The Reset Project
The 555 is set for 6 p.m. to 9 p.m., May 6, 2018, at VegeNation in Henderson located at 10075 S. Eastern Ave., Henderson, NV. Tickets start at $85 for General Admission which includes a 5-course meal with wine pairing per course; $110 for VIP to attend the exclusive behind the scenes chef and farmer wine preview, plus reserved seats and 5-course dinner and wine pairing with each course.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved. The Associated Press Contributed to this report.
Residents in the Las Vegas Valley can look forward to great weather for the first full week of school.
Sunny skies with afternoon gusts to 35 miles per hour are expected Monday.
A cooling trend begins Monday and will continue through half of the week with daytime highs in the upper 90's.
Copyright 2017 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Gain access to global coverage from local journalists on the ground in 50+ countries working around the clock to break news, analyze, spot risks and opportunities.
Join over 300,000 Finance professionals who already subscribe to the FT.
Heading into the season, a fourth straight NBA Finals meeting between the Cavaliers and Warriors seemed like formality. As the season played out, though, that predictable NBA Finals matchup seemed awfully unpredictable.
Yet, here we are, and the Warriors will face the Cavaliers in the Finals for a fourth straight year. And LeBron James was asked to address the critics who are tired of Cavs-Warriors.
It would be difficult to argue with his answer.
LeBron on people who think Warriors-Cavs IV is bad for the league: "If you want to see somebody else in the postseason, then you've gotta beat 'em." pic.twitter.com/jmXBIscVA0 — Sports Illustrated (@SInow) May 30, 2018
James said:
“Teams have had their opportunities to beat the Cavs over the last four years. Teams have had opportunities to beat the Warriors over the last four years. If you want to see someone else in the [Finals], then you gotta beat 'em.”
And LeBron is right. The Cavaliers went seven games with Indiana. They had to overcome a 3-2 deficit with the Celtics. Plus, LeBron had arguably his weakest supporting cast this year and still made the Finals. The Warriors also overcame a 3-2 deficit against the No. 1 seed Rockets (albeit without Chris Paul).
Teams have had every opportunity to stop Cavs-Warriors from happening, and they've failed to do so. Until a team can pull it off, let's enjoy the best player on the planet going up against the NBA's most talented team.
Revathy Defends Manju Warrier's Silence
While speaking on the matter, Revathy said that Manju has decided against commenting on Dileep's return to AMMA as she has a 'personal connection' with the whole controversy.
"Manju has decided to stay away from all this for now. She has a personal connection to the entire issue and it's her right to keep away from the row," she added.
Manju Has Spoken About The Actress Assault Case In The Past
While Manju has decided against commenting on the AMMA issue, the fact remains that she is quite outspoken and has been a pillar of support for the attacked actress for some time. Last February, she had asked AMMA to ensure that justice prevails and hinted at a conspiracy behind the attack.
She Has Spoken In Favour Of Dileep As Well
Last year, Manju had spoken in favour of Dileep's Ramleela and criticised those who were asking for a ban on the film. She had also made it clear that there is no place for such things in a civilised society.
To Conclude..
There's no denying that Dileep's return to AMMA has taken a toll on the organisation's reputation. The Kannada Film Industry recently commented on the controversy and asked AMMA to re-consider the decision to take back Dileep. KFI's actions indicate that this is no longer something that concerns only Mollywood. As such, it will not be too surprising if Manju is ultimately forced to comment on the matter.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
INDIANAPOLIS (WISH) – Homeless shelters are reporting more people needing shelter this winter than last. And that number may go even higher with the closure of another homeless camp.
“The Jungle” homeless camp on the city's east side is set to close next month. It's off of Washington and Shelby Streets. CSX owns the land and cited public health concerns.
A city report from last year shows there is over 1,600 people in Marion County.
Service organizations like the Wheeler Mission are already reporting a 6 percent increase in people seeking help this year compared to last year.
They have 232 beds, but sleep 375 men every night. In extreme weather they often times more than double capacity sleeping 460 people.
The so-called Jungle is set to close at the end of March.
Steve Kerr of Wheeler Mission says the timing actually helps them as more people show up looking for place to sleep.
“We would certainly hope that no one is sleeping outdoors, we really want to make sure that we're providing for anybody who comes to us that nobody should have to stay outdoors, but the timing of this is better since it's the end of March it will give us a little bit of relief,” he said.
The last homeless camp to close was the Davidson Street camp back in 2013. Nearly 70 people were sleeping there each night. CSX also owned that property.
CSX says they'll be working with local churches and organizations to find housing and programs for the people living in the camp.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Google
Email
Print
More
Pinterest
Like this: Like Loading...
× Expand Photo by Sarah Finnegan. Sitting in his Trace Crossings third-grade classroom, Clark Underbakke displays a variety of photos, yearbooks and other items from his time as a student in the Hoover schools.
He didn't know it then, of course, but Clark Underbakke heard the call of the Hoover City Schools system at a very young age — a call that would become his vocation. As of today, Underbakke has spent 33 of his 47 years as part of the city's schools — first as a student and then a teacher.
Born in Iowa, Underbakke and his family moved to Bluff Park when he was 9 years old, and he entered fourth grade at Bluff Park Elementary in 1979. Following sixth grade, he attended what was then Simmons Junior High School for grades seven and eight and went on to the original campus of W.A. Berry High School, where he graduated in 1988, the same year the schools changed from Jefferson County to the Hoover City Schools system.
Entering UAB in the fall, he received his undergraduate degree in education in 1993 and immediately took a teaching job — in Hoover, of course.
“I was lucky enough to get a position at Green Valley (Elementary) where I taught second, fourth and fifth grades from 1993 to 2001 while also pursuing my master's degree and Ph.D. in early childhood/elementary education,” he said. “At that point in my life as a student in education classes, I really knew I wanted to be part of what Hoover schools had to offer.”
For the next two school years, Underbakke served as a systemwide reading specialist, working primarily with teachers, modeling lessons, co-teaching and helping and advising with individual student issues.
“There was a lot of professional development, and I not only learned a great deal, but being in all the elementary schools, I was able to get an in-depth look into each,” he said.
In fall 2003, Underbakke moved to Trace Crossings Elementary, where's he having taught second and third grades and remains today. His longevity there and experience as both a teacher and student gives him a unique perspective of the system as a whole.
“Like the quote ‘the more things change, the more they remain the same,' many things remain the same in the schools when it comes to a caring faculty and staff, from bus drivers to custodians to administrators,” he said. “Also, the schools are microcosms of the overall system, where students of all ages and abilities are cared for and taught. Hoover elementary schools in particular have great parental support and a sense of community, something I felt very much as a child and student.”
Looking back on his elementary student days, Underbakke recalls with fondness Ann Hearon, his fourth-grade teacher with whom he still keeps in touch, and Doris Dickinson, a Bluff Park secretary/registrar who “cared for each of us, took attendance by hand, watched over us and called our moms when we were sick, and who we went to when we lost personal items.”
“Fast forward to today and Patrice Langham, the Trace Crossings registrar who still fulfills a very similar role though technology has updated some of the methods,” he said. “We see Patrice every day when first entering the building, always smiling and always assisting. Even after 40 years, the roles are much the same and still pivotal and part of the school experience.”
Between his years as a student and then faculty member, Underbakke said he's also observed many changes in Hoover's education environment.
“I think about the Bluff Park and W.A. Berry I attended versus today's elementary schools and Hoover and Spain Park High schools, and there's absolutely no comparison as far as being state-of-the-art,” he said. “The facilities, technology and education opportunities — Hoover has made and continues to make the shift to the most contemporary state of education and offers everything a teacher and student can dream of.”
Underbakke also points to the HCS vision and motto “learning for life” as another example of change.
“It's a big umbrella we all fall under and is enhanced by the great support from our superintendent, Dr. Kathy Murphy, and here at Trace Crossings, Principal Quincy Collins,” he said. “Hoover has incredible opportunities for professional growth, and that support goes a long way in what we do as teachers.”
As a young child, Underbakke said a lot of his “pretend time” was spent as a teacher “with a pretend classroom and pretend paper grading” and in time he was fortunate to realize that was meant to be his reality at Hoover City Schools.
“I knew they were the best, and that was where I wanted to be,” he said. “I worked hard to get a job in Hoover and, like my colleagues, am still working hard, but it's as rewarding as it is challenging. Though I do think sometimes how amazing it is that I've worked this many years — time truly does fly.”
INDIANAPOLIS (AP) — Victor Oladipo sparked a decisive run and finished with 20 points, Myles Turner had 21 points and the Indiana Pacers recovered from a poor start for a 110-100 victory over the Los Angeles Lakers on Monday night.
The victory snapped Indiana's two-game losing streak.
Los Angeles was led by Kyle Kuzma with 27 points and Brook Lopez with 23, but the Lakers still lost their third straight.
Oladipo and Darren Collison got Indiana going with back-to-back 3-pointers midway through the third quarter for a 77-70 lead. After a layup from Julius Randle, Collison made a 20-footer and Lance Stephenson hit a 10-footer. When the 14-4 flurry ended, Indiana led 85-74 with 3:04 left in the third.
The Lakers never seriously challenged after that.
It was a stark contrast to the Lakers' fast start. Efficient shooting helped them take a 28-19 lead in the first quarter, but when the shooters cooled off, the Pacers charged back and used a 15-6 second-quarter run to make it 51-50 late in the period.
The Pacers still trailed 59-57 at the half — before Oladipo helped flip things in the second half.
TIP-INS
Lakers: Have lost five straight at Indiana but wound up with a split in the season series. … Kuzma was 3 of 10 on 3s, extending the franchise record for a rookie to 135. He also had eight rebounds. … The Lakers lead the league with 52.7 points in the paint per game but only managed to match the Pacers 46-46 in that category. … Randle finished with 21 points and nine rebounds. … Lonzo Ball had eight assists.
Pacers: After giving up 37 points in the first quarter, Indiana allowed only 63 the rest of the game. … Collison made his first start since having foot surgery. … Backup center Domantas Sabonis missed his third straight game with a sprained left ankle and will miss the Pacers next game as well, coach Nate McMillan said before the game. … Oladipo extended his streak of consecutive games with a steal to 54, breaking a tie with Ron Harper for No. 8 in league history. … Thaddeus Young had 18 points, nine rebounds and four assists while Stephenson had 16 points and five rebounds.
UP NEXT
Lakers: Visit New Orleans on Thursday night, the second stop on a five-game road trip.
Pacers: Will try to earn a series split at New Orleans on Wednesday night.
No criminal charges will be laid against three former AFSC executives after an investigation found they engaged in questionable purchasing practices and racked up lavish expenses.
Alberta agriculture minister Oneil Carlier said the RCMP completed its investigation into the executives at AFSC, also known as Agriculture Financial Services Corp., but couldn't lay charges because their expenses were ultimately approved by the old board. Expenses included unnecessary limo rides, gifts of booze, theatre tickets and rounds of golf.
Carlier sacked the former board in 2016 and has since replaced it with new members, who have more powers to keep spending in line.
ADVERTISEMENT
“It's important to note none of those three executives currently work for AFSC, so there is no ability for the government to do any disciplinary action,” Carlier said. “I trust in the professionalism of the RCMP and that they've done a thorough job.”
The news that there will be no criminal charges came on the same day AFSC announced a new chief executive officer for the crown corporation.
Steve Blakely, who has more than 40 years of working in the financial sector, was hired to lead the organization. Before he was appointed, he served as the president and CEO for Servus Credit Union and the president and CEO for the Credit Union Deposit Guarantee Corp. of Alberta.
“I think the image of AFSC has already changed,” he said. “In my perspective, it's new days, a new board. They've set some clear direction that I'm excited to participate in and move forward.”
ADVERTISEMENT
Blakely said producers will see enhanced programs that aim to grow the industry. He said the programs will be delivered differently based on whether a farmer is starting out or has been farming for some time.
“You'll see a marginal focus change on how we deliver some of our products and how they will be rolled out to starting farmers versus mature farmers,” he explained.
“It's critical we grow the agriculture industry and we're trying to align our products to do that more effectively.”
As well, he said other AFSC priorities include spending wisely and improving customer service.
Blakely is scheduled to start his three-year contract on May 1. His salary will be $301,000, which is much less than what former president Brad Klak made at $732,104.
Contact jeremy.simes@producer.com
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
China's top football team vows to phase out foreign players
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Football on BBC Sport Scotland
Everything you need to know about following football with BBC Sport Scotland
CleanSlate Expands Unique Physician-led Effort to Fight the Opioid Epidemic in Arizona; Commits to Working with All Insurers so that Treatment is Available to All in Need
PHOENIX, AZ--(Marketwired - April 17, 2017) - CleanSlate Centers, a leader in providing care to those suffering from opioid and alcohol addiction, announced today the company continues to expand local access to safe, effective, physician-led treatment with the opening of the first of three outpatient centers slated for the Phoenix area. The first center, located at 8410 West Thomas Road, will begin seeing patients April 17.
In addition, CleanSlate continues to underscore its commitment to expanding access to all those in need of safe, effective treatment. CleanSlate team members will work with patients and all insurance plans in Arizona with the goal of treating all people seeking treatment for opioid addiction.
Founded in 2009 in response to the growing opioid epidemic facing the country, CleanSlate has treated more than 14,000 patients in some of the states hit the hardest by the opioid epidemic, including Indiana, Massachusetts and Pennsylvania. The Phoenix center on West Thomas Road represents the organization's first of three centers planned for Arizona, which ranks 15th in the nation in opioid-related overdose deaths.
"The need for a better approach to managing this disease and increasing access is the reason CleanSlate was founded, and we are pleased to now be able to offer hope for more people in Arizona," said Greg Marotta, President and CEO of CleanSlate Centers. "It's impossible to fight this disease alone, and we are pleased to stand side-by-side with important partners in Phoenix. We look forward to deepening our relationships in the community as we all work together to beat back this devastating epidemic that does not discriminate."
The number of opioid related deaths in Arizona continues to climb each year. Last year alone, more than 600 Arizona residents died from opioid-related causes. Additionally, the rate of neonatal abstinence syndrome -- the collective term for a group of health issues created when a newborn is exposed to addictive opioid drugs while in the mother's womb -- has increased more than 235 percent in Arizona since 2008.
According to the American Society of Addiction Medicine (ASAM) -- the nation's leading addiction medicine society representing 4,000 physicians, clinicians and other professionals -- opioid addiction is defined as a primary, chronic and relapsing brain disease.
"At CleanSlate, we know that opioid addiction is best treated as the chronic disease it is," said Kelly J. Clark, M.D., Chief Medical Officer of CleanSlate and President of ASAM. "We currently treat thousands of patients for opioid and alcohol addiction in a comfortable outpatient environment with a full-time, dedicated team of physicians and advanced-practice clinicians. Our ultimate goal is to help these patients achieve the life they want and deserve -- a 'clean slate' from which to thrive."
The award-winning CleanSlate program of care includes individualized medication-assisted treatment plans for each patient consisting of appropriate medication prescribed by physicians, clear accountability and supportive counseling. In Pennsylvania, the company's centers have been designated as Centers for Excellence by the state's governor, based on clinicians' abilities to work with behavioral health, primary care and other partners to provide integrated whole-person, evidence-based treatment.
"I am honored to be part of the CleanSlate team as we continue to expand our services into Arizona," said Edward "Ned" Pucek, President of West Division Operations. "Together, we are saving the lives of those who suffer from addiction. We look forward to serving anyone in Phoenix in need of our support and services."
For more information or to schedule an appointment at the Phoenix center, please call: 413-341-1787. For more information about CleanSlate Centers, please visit http://www.cleanslatecenters.com.
Join CleanSlate for thought-leading webinar sessions on addiction by clicking here for topics and dates: https://cscareers.center/resources/
About CleanSlate Centers
A pioneer and leader in outpatient addiction medicine, CleanSlate Centers is a national medical group which provides treatment for the chronic disease of addiction, primarily opioid and alcohol use disorders. Founded in 2009 in response to the growing opioid epidemic facing the country, the company is a growing, multi-state network of physician-led outpatient addiction treatment centers where patients who have addiction and associated disorders can receive medication-assisted treatment and related therapies using the highest quality, evidence-based practices.
Using the latest science- and medicine-based treatment guidelines, CleanSlate is bringing effective outpatient treatment to tens of thousands of patients across the country. The company currently works with patients in more than 20 centers in four states, with plans to at least double the number of centers and states in the coming months.
In 2014, CleanSlate partnered with Apple Tree Partners, a growth equity fund, to help expand efforts geographically and increase access to care in communities with demonstrated need.
For more information, please visit CleanSlateCenters.com.
Things got heated in the third quarter of Game 5 of the 76ers vs. Heat first-round series. After Ben Simmons stole the ball off a pass by Goran Dragic and started dribbling down the court, Dragic swung at Simmons' head and wound up slapping him.
Simmons reacted by touching the back of his head and walking away, while his Sixers teammates immediately went to confront the officials. Dragic was given a personal foul and technical foul. At the time, Philly had a 50-48 lead — the squad went on to win, 104-91, and advance to the second round.
Dragic slapped Simmons in the back of his head 😬 pic.twitter.com/7mAdm7MB9S — Bleacher Report (@BleacherReport) April 25, 2018
Simmons looked annoyed, but it's good that the young star didn't let his emotions get the best of him. It led to a nice little third-quarter run for them. Philadelphia outscored Miami in the third to build an 80-66 lead.
Goran Dragic just took a swing at Simmons' head after the play. Crowd did not like the replay on that one. Simmons walked calmly away from the play, naturally — Kyle Neubeck (@KyleNeubeck) April 25, 2018
Since the Dragic smack, Sixers are on a 16-6 run. Heat have pushed, poked, smacked Ben Simmons for five games. Depending on how this one ends, he very well may end his first playoff series averaging a triple double. — Sheil Kapadia (@SheilKapadia) April 25, 2018
Another heated moment happened in the fourth quarter with the same result (a personal foul and tech). This time, it was the Heat's James Johnson.
James Johnson punk move blatant cheap shot pic.twitter.com/DSRIMRPW4W — Drew Corrigan (@Dcorrigan50) April 25, 2018
The Heat are heading home to start their offseason.
President Donald Trump sparked a backlash Saturday when he suggested "many sides" were to blame for the deadly violence at a white nationalist rally in downtown Charlottesville, Virginia.
Democrats criticized the president for failing to single out white nationalists, and several Republicans issued statements mentioning white nationalism or white supremacists. Sen. Orrin Hatch, R-Utah, said on Twitter: "We should call evil by its name."
In remarks from his golf club in Bedminster, New Jersey, where he has been on a working vacation, Trump made the following statement: "We condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides, on many sides."
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Trump Under Fire for Blaming Violence on 'Many Sides' in Virginia 2:25 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
He added that hate and division in the country must stop, but that it is not linked to his presidency because it has "been going on for a long, long time."
"No matter our color, creed, religion, our political party, we are all Americans first," he said, adding that he'd like for his administration to "study" why such violence is occurring. He didn't take questions from reporters.
Asked for clarification, a White House official later said: "The President was condemning hatred, bigotry and violence from all sources and all sides. There was violence between protesters and counterprotesters today."
But Democrats as well as some Republicans were quick to call out Trump's language and apparent failure to single out white nationalists, who had organized Saturday's "Unite the Right" rally.
Mark Herring, Virginia's attorney general and a Democrat, immediately tweeted that the "violence, chaos, and apparent loss of life in Charlottesville is not the fault of 'many sides.' It is racists and white supremacists."
Sen. Marco Rubio, R-Fla., and others implored Trump to call the incidents at the rally — which included a car plowing through a crowd killing at least one person and injuring at least nine others — as a "terror attack" and "domestic terrorism" by white supremacists.
Very important for the nation to hear @potus describe events in #Charlottesville for what they are, a terror attack by #whitesupremacists — Marco Rubio (@marcorubio) August 12, 2017
Mr. President - we must call evil by its name. These were white supremacists and this was domestic terrorism. https://t.co/PaPNiPPAoW — Cory Gardner (@SenCoryGardner) August 12, 2017
Other Republicans also spoke out, and used the words white nationalism or white supremacy. House Speaker Paul Ryan tweeted: "White supremacy is a scourge. This hate and its terrorism must be confronted and defeated."
Hatch, the longest serving Republican senator in history, said on Twitter: "We should call evil by its name. My brother didn't give his life fighting Hitler for Nazi ideas to go unchallenged here at home."
Republican New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie condemned the "racism and violence of white nationalists" and said, "Everyone in leadership must speak out." Republican Sen. Jeff Flake of Arizona called out "white supremacy" in condemning bigotry; and Republican Sen. Chuck Grassley of Iowa referred to white nationalists and called the violence "homegrown terrorism."
Sen. Ted Cruz, R-Texas, called on the Department of Justice to investigate and prosecute the car ramming, calling it a "grotesque act of domestic terrorism." The FBI announced later Saturday that it and the Department of Justice's Civil Rights Division have opened a civil-rights investigation.
We should call evil by its name. My brother didn't give his life fighting Hitler for Nazi ideas to go unchallenged here at home. -OGH — Senator Hatch Office (@senorrinhatch) August 12, 2017
Democrats also criticized Trump's response. Rep. Adam Schiff, D-Calif., tweeted that Trump "needs to speak out against the poisonous resurgence of white supremacy. There are not 'many sides' here, just right and wrong."
Sen. Brian Schatz, D-Hawaii, added that the president's job is "moral leadership. He has failed. There are NOT many sides to this."
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Trump: Hate and Division Must Stop Now 2:30 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Trump later tweeted condolences to the family of a woman killed when a car was driven into a group of counter-protesters at the rally, and expressed condolences to the families of two Virginia state police officers killed when the helicopter they were in to assist law enforcement efforts crashed.
Trump has been criticized in the past for taking too long to reject support from white supremacists.
During the 2016 election, Trump was endorsed by David Duke, the former Imperial Wizard of the Ku Klux Klan who also attended Saturday's rally.
Related: Trump on Racist Endorsement: ‘I Don't Know Anything About David Duke'
At the time, Trump told CNN: "Just so you understand, I don't know anything about David Duke, OK? I don't know anything about what you're even talking about with white supremacy or white supremacists. So I don't know, did he endorse me or what's going on.”
Earlier Saturday, the president and other lawmakers decried the events in Charlottesville, where demonstrators hurled bottles, punched and kicked one another, and shouted slurs and obscenities.
Politicians on both sides of the aisle agreed that such speech, which included racist and anti-Semitic slurs, should be condemned. Some emphasized that while they support freedom of speech and assembly, they do not condone the violence and racism seen in Charlottesville.
Ryan tweeted that the views expressed in the city were "repugnant" and "vile bigotry."
The views fueling the spectacle in Charlottesville are repugnant. Let it only serve to unite Americans against this kind of vile bigotry. — Paul Ryan (@SpeakerRyan) August 12, 2017
A 32-year-old woman was killed and 19 others were injured when a car plowed into counter-protesters, in an act that police are treating as a case of criminal homicide, police said. The suspected driver was arrested, Charlottesville Police Chief Al Thomas said.
The "Unite the Right" rally was supposed to be in opposition to the planned removal of a statue honoring Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee in the city's Emancipation Park.
PHOTOS: State of Emergency in Charlottesville, Virginia
State police and members of the Virginia National Guard surrounded the park after Gov. Terry McAuliffe declared a state of emergency before the noon start time and city officials declared the rally an unlawful assembly. That effectively ended the rally's start, and Emancipation Park remained empty.
Duke responded to Trump's earlier statements on Twitter in a series of his own tweets, reminding him "who put you in the presidency."
So, after decades of White Americans being targeted for discriminated & anti-White hatred, we come together as a people, and you attack us? https://t.co/Rkfs7O2Ykr — David Duke (@DrDavidDuke) August 12, 2017
I would recommend you take a good look in the mirror & remember it was White Americans who put you in the presidency, not radical leftists. https://t.co/Rkfs7O2Ykr — David Duke (@DrDavidDuke) August 12, 2017
Dutch Spy Service May Have Caught Russian Hackers on Tape
The Netherlands' spy service broke into the computers used by a powerful Russian hacking group and may be sitting on evidence relating to the breach of the U.S. Democratic National Committee, a Dutch newspaper and television show jointly reported Friday.
Reports carried in the respected daily Volkskrant and by the current affairs show Nieuwsuur said hackers working for the Dutch General Intelligence and Security Service penetrated the computers used by the group, often nicknamed Cozy Bear, in mid-2014 and watched them for at least a year, even managing to catch the hackers on camera.
Dutch Interior Minister Kajsa Ollongren, interviewed by reporters in The Hague before the government's weekly Cabinet meeting, declined to address the report, saying only that she was "very happy that we have good security services in the Netherlands that do their work well."
President Vladimir Putin's spokesman, Dmitry Peskov, said he had yet to see any official comment from the Dutch intelligence services on the matter.
"If the Dutch media want to fuel anti-Russian hysteria in the U.S., it's an activity that can't be called honorable," he added.
Volkskrant and Nieuwsuur said that the Dutch spies used their access to help oust Cozy Bear from U.S. State Department computers in late 2014. Volkskrant said American spies were so grateful they sent the Dutch cake and flowers.
Cozy Bear would later be identified as one of two Russian government-linked hacking groups that broke in to the DNC ahead of the 2016 presidential election; the other is usually called Fancy Bear. Cybersecurity firm CrowdStrike says the two groups operated independently.
Unmasking the Cozy Bear hackers would provide key evidence for investigators trying to unravel the DNC breach, but it may not dispel the mystery surrounding the leaks that followed.
A recent AP investigation found that all but one of the two dozen or so officials whose emails were published in the run-up to the 2016 election were targeted by Fancy Bear, suggesting a separate Russian intelligence operation may have been responsible.
The Kremlin has denied meddling in the U.S. presidential vote.
© 2018 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
White House drops insistence on two-state solution
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Severe thunderstorm warning for suburbs
hello
Article to: (required) Article from: (required) Add a message (optional)
From the National Weather Service:
The National Weather Service in Chicago has issued a Severe Thunderstorm Warning for...
Eastern Kendall County in northeastern Illinois...
Northwestern Will County in northeastern Illinois...
Southern Kane County in northeastern Illinois...
DuPage County in northeastern Illinois...
Central Cook County in northeastern Illinois...
Until 545 PM CDT
* At 502 PM CDT, severe thunderstorms were located along a line extending from near Sugar Grove to Shorewood, moving northeast at 55 mph.
* HAZARD...70 mph wind gusts, and hail to the size of pennies.
Expect considerable tree damage. Damage is likely to mobile homes, roofs, and outbuildings.
* Locations affected include...
Chicago, Aurora, Joliet, Naperville, Arlington Heights, Schaumburg, Bolingbrook, Palatine, Des Plaines, Orland Park, Oak Lawn, Berwyn, Mount Prospect, Wheaton, Hoffman Estates, Downers Grove, Elmhurst, Lombard, Carol Stream and Romeoville.
Undocumented immigrants facing removal from the U.S. have the opportunity to stay at home while their cases wait to be heard by a judge.
As part of a new option, they can choose an alternative detention program. It means that while some undocumented immigrants wait for their day in court, which can take months and even years in some cases, Immigration and Customs Enforcement is monitoring them.
One man who is in the program spoke with NBC 7 Monday on the condition that his identity remain hidden because he fears for his safety. He was pulled over by ICE in Escondido while driving his kids to school last Thursday.
The 40-year-old father was one of nearly 120 people ICE says were arrested as part of a targeted operation last week. He does not have a criminal record.
According to the man, ICE took him into custody.
"I was thinking it was a police officer," he said. "Then they told me they had a warrant for my arrest."
He was released on the condition he signs up for a monitoring program. He told NBC 7 he is one of a few who are taking part in a pilot program, which includes a GPS ankle bracelet and a monitoring app.
A spokesperson for ICE said the new program involving the ankle monitor is called Smart Link. It was launched last month.
They added less than 130 people are part of the program nationwide.
A local immigration attorney, Andres Moreno II, says he prefers the program for his clients over being held in a detention center because clients can have a more active involvement in their own defense.
Clients have active involvement in thedri cases they can bring me
what htey need to help defend themselves,
without me having to go all over the state to go
see a client that got picked up by ICE.
As an example this last week I was in adelanto on Friday
to see a client.
Others in the program are monitored by checking in with a phone call.
ICE added there are a criteria for those selected and each case is looked at individually before a decision is made.
The man NBC 7 spoke with said one big draw back of the program is that he cannot work while in it.
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Airbus and Boeing expect turbulence in 2017
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Two new centers at Touro University will assist students with real-life medical experience. (Mike Doria/FOX5)
Two brand news centers designed to help medical students at Touro University prepare for the real-life experience in hospitals and other emergency settings opened Monday.
The Regional Center for Clinical Simulation offers state-of-the-art medical simulation that allows students to see the layers of the human body to help them prepare for surgeries. The new technology in this center will also allow them to look at other parts of the body including the ears and abdomen.
The Regional Center for Disaster Life Support is designed to put student physicians and first responders in situations that use actors wearing cut-suits so medical students can practice making incisions.
Until now, Las Vegas being one of the largest cities in the U.S. without a Disaster Life Support Center. This new center is certified by the National Disaster Life Support Foundation (NDLSF).
Copyright 2017 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Woman must pay for canceled eBay diamond ring sale: court PHOENIX — The Arizona Court of Appeals says a Phoenix woman must pay for backing out of an agreement to sell her diamond ring through eBay. Court documents say Julie...
Sex offender gets new trial after judge used shock belt on him in court An appeals court has ordered a new trial for a convicted sex offender after a judge in Texas ordered a bailiff to shock him three times with a 50,000-volt belt...
Samsung scion Lee set free after jail term suspended Samsung heir Lee Jae-yong was freed Monday after a South Korean appeals court gave him a 2½-year suspended jail sentence for corruption in connection with a scandal that topped the...
Surviving sisters want 'justice' amid appeal for brother who killed family ALBUQUERQUE, N.M. — Two older sisters of a New Mexico man who pleaded guilty to killing his parents and three younger siblings when he was a teenager said Tuesday they...
Woman facing life in prison for killing abuser appeals sentence NASHVILLE, Tenn. — A woman who fatally shot a man who had picked her up for sex when she was 16 was unconstitutionally sentenced to life in prison, her lawyers...
Insane Clown Posse loses bid to scrap 'gang' label for fans A federal appeals court dismissed a lawsuit filed by rap duo Insane Clown Posse and their fans against the Department of Justice for labeling them a “loosely-organized hybrid gang,” dealing...
Court strikes down buffer zone keeping activists from horse carriages Anti-horse carriage activists won an appeal Thursday that eliminates a 9-foot buffer zone imposed by a lower-court judge — and lets them get as close as they want to the...
Appeals court more than doubles Pistorius' sentence Reeva Steenkamp can finally “rest in peace,” now that a South African court more than doubled killer Oscar Pistorius' prison sentence, her family said Friday. “They feel there has been...
Supreme Court rejects convicted coal exec's appeal WASHINGTON – Former Massey Energy Co Chief Executive Officer Donald Blankenship's bid to overturn his conviction stemming from a 2010 West Virginia mine explosion that killed 29 coal miners ended...
There's cautious optimism about the Ebola crisis in the DRC as a vaccination progamme ends successfully. Eleven African countries are on the verge of default as their foreign debt reaches unsustainable levels. And the South African opposition Economic Freedom Fighters reject the minimum wage legislation, passed yesterday.
The World Health Organisation (WHO) says it is cautiously optimistic about the response to the Ebola crisis in the Democratic Republic of Congo. This follows the vaccination of 90 percent of people at risk in the city of Mbandaka according to a statement issued yesterday.
Peter Salama, WHO Deputy Director-General for Emergency Preparedness and Response, said more than 400 potential Ebola contacts had been vaccinated.
Although he could not say for certain the city had been safeguarded, he was cautiously optimistic, pointing out that there had been no explosive increase in the number of cases.
He also said he hoped to get government approval within days to use five experimental drugs to treat Ebola patients, in a clinical trial which could lay the groundwork for the more rapid treatment of future outbreaks.
Debt crisis rears its ugly head, again
Eleven African countries are in debt crisis, according to the international credit ratings agency Standard & Poor's.
All 11 were part of the World Bank's Heavily Indebted Poor Country Initiative of the early 1990s.
In its latest report, Standard & Poor's lists Uganda, Rwanda and Ethiopia among the 11 countries where the debt initiative has failed.
It says that more than two decades after the Heavily Indebted Poor Country scheme, debt-servicing costs are now back to pre-crisis levels and have been increasing since 2011.
Uganda's national debt has nearly trebled in the past three years to more than 50 percent of GDP, creating a risk of default, since nearly two-thirds of that borrowing is from external sources.
Standard & Poor's says the government debt across sub-Saharan Africa rose to 53 percent of GDP last year, compared with just 11 percent in 2011.
The agency report adds that, while Africa's debt is not at the same level as the 1990s, debt servicing as a percentage of government revenues had returned to the crisis levels of that time.
Kenyan cybercrime law suspended by High Court
The High Court in Kenya has temporarily suspended sections of the recently-passed cybercrime law, due to come into effect today.
The Bloggers Association of Kenya sued the Attorney-General, the Speaker of the National Assembly, the Inspector-General of Police and the Director of Public Prosecution over the Computer Misuse and Cyber Crimes Act 2018.
The Kenya Union of Journalists and Article 19, a lobby that deals with freedom of expression and information, are listed as interested parties in the case.
According to the claimants, the disputed law contains provisions which deny, infringe and threaten freedom of expression.
They say millions of internet users are at risk of being arrested and prosecuted.
The bloggers claim that in 2016, at least 60 Kenyans were arrested for exercising their freedom of expression online while several journalists were silenced, intimidated, harassed or killed.
ANC vows to evict white farmers to test expropriation
The South African ruling party, the ANC, wants the government to start taking back white-owned farmland without compensation immediately.
Yesterday ANC secretary-general Ace Magashule said the party had asked its sub-committees to come up with a programme of action in the next two months to undertake "expropriation" in an orderly fashion.
Magashule said the party had adopted the report of the land summit, which discussed the matter two weeks ago. The aim now is to press ahead with the expropriation of land in order to test the argument that the constitution does permit such action without compensation.
Magashule said that should it be found that the South African constitution hinders expropriation‚ the party will begin the process of changing the constitution.
Mixed reception for minimum wage legislation
The South African Mail & Guardian reports that the controversial National Minimum Wage Bill was approved by the National Assembly yesterday.
However, the opposition Economic Freedom Fighters opposed the proposals “with the contempt they deserve”.
The impact of the proposed national minimum wage means the rand equivalent of 1.36 euros an hour for most workers, 1.23 euros an hour for farmworkers, one euro per hour for domestic employees and 75 cents for those in the Expanded Public Works Programme.
It's okay if you don't like Philly, because Philly probably doesn't like you.
That doesn't mean we can't be on the same side for a day, though.
On Super Bowl Sunday, the majority of the country will stand united behind the Philadelphia Eagles; many of you will do so grudgingly, having chosen what you see as the lesser of two evils. Sometimes you need to form troubling alliances in defense of the greater good.
And have no doubt that the Eagles, who last won a championship in 1960 (and have never won a Super Bowl), are the greater good here. They are underdogs, their roster is stocked with likable and socially conscious players, and they're coached by an affable man who looks like Tank McNamara.
But there's more! Their quarterback, Nick Foles, has shocked every football fan in the country and resurrected his career (watch him getting choked up about making his daughter proud and tell me you can still root against him). Chris Long has donated his entire salary to schools in Charlottesville and other cities. Malcolm Jenkins is one of the leading athlete activists fighting for reform of the prison system. The team's group celebrations have provided some of the most memorable and joyful moments of the NFL season.
It helps, of course, that they are up against the most loathsome organization in professional sports.
The New England Patriots are the only franchise that is regularly and credibly accused of systemic cheating. They are coached by a man who treats most conventions of simple humanity with contempt. Their star tight end, Rob Gronkowski, is a sentient LMFAO song who can't make it through an interview without giggling at the mention of the number 69. When he dreams, all he sees are commercials for new shows on Spike TV.
Even before Tom Brady partnered with an obvious snake oil salesman, he'd become the Tom Cruise of the NFL. He's a great player, infuriatingly so, but over the past five years, he has become reclusive, standoffish, and undeniably weird. He also spent most of last season with a red MAGA hat conspicuously on display in his locker, but was too cowardly to speak about the hat or its implications.
Bill Belichick, who is rightly hailed as one of the great coaches in sports history, wrote a letter of support for Candidate Trump, using bizarre syntax and vocabulary so similar to Trump's own that many people initially thought it was a fake.
This isn't all about Trump, though he has infected every aspect of our culture. If he manages to stay awake until kickoff, he will be rooting for the Patriots, whose owner donated $1 million to the inaugural celebration. In the morning, he will be waiting to hear from Steve Doocy that his friends in New England have won again. He will ask one of his assistants to smile for him, and then he will mash his fingers into his phone until it produces a tweet about how the Eagles deserved to lose because they don't adequately respect our troops.
The Patriots have won more than anyone, and they've done it for nearly two decades. They've experienced every possible permutation of winning, and done so with a joylessness and an arrogance that makes them impossible to like. To root for them in this game is to root for the 1 percent. We're living in an era of nearly unprecedented inequality, and choosing to support the Patriots in this environment is like being one of those people who spend all day on Twitter defending the honor of their favorite CEO.
