MALACANANG will finally submit this week the draft Bangsamoro Basic Law (BBL) to Congress, a month after President Rodrigo Duterte received the new version of the proposed measure, as part of efforts to end the conflict in Mindanao.
Palace spokesman Ernesto Abella made the announcement a few days after former president and now Rep. Gloria Arroyo of Pampanga filed her own version of the law creating the Bangsamoro region in Mindanao.
In a press conference, Abella said Congress may opt to consolidate the BBL, drafted by the Bangsamoro Transition Commission (BTC), with the Bangsamoro Autonomous Region (BAR) bill by Arroyo.
“The Presidential Legislative Liaison Office will officially transmit the draft Bangsamoro Basic Law to Congress this week,” Abella told reporters.
“We leave it to Congress to act on the matter with dispatch, including consolidating the Palace version with House Bill 6121 filed by representative Gloria Arroyo,” he added.
Arroyo filed the BAR which, she said, “truly reflects the aspirations of our Muslim brothers and sisters as well as the indigenous brethren, representation to Indigenous Peoples, women, the sultanates, and other key stakeholders.”
The expected submission of the Palace's version of BBL to Congress comes about a month after the BTC, led by the Moro Islamic Liberation Front (MILF), sent its final draft of the proposed measure to Duterte on July 17.
The President had said he would certify the bill as urgent to expedite its passage.
The BBL is the enabling measure of the peace compact signed by the Philippine government and the MILF in 2014.
Duterte, the first President from Mindanao, promised during the 2016 presidential campaign to pass the BBL if elected.
The BBL was first submitted to the Aquino administration in 2014, but its passage was stalled after the killing of 44 members of an elite unit of police by rebels belonging to the MILF and the Bangsamoro Islamic Freedom Fighters (BIFF) in January 2015.
During the BTC's submission of the draft copy of the bill to the Palace on July 17, Duterte said he would ensure that “there will be no objections [to]the provisions of all that is consistent with the Constitution and the aspiration of the Moro people.”
* Wall Street stocks fall, defensive sectors popular
* Gold holds gains, U.S. Treasury yields unchanged
* Oil reverses gains after U.S. inventory data (Updates with U.S. markets, adds commentary, changes byline, dateline, previous LONDON)
By Sinead Carew
NEW YORK, April 12 Safe-haven gold and U.S. Treasuries prices held steady on Wednesday while U.S stocks edged lower as investors fretted about global geopolitical risk and the upcoming U.S. corporate earnings season.
U.S. Treasury yields were little changed as demand tied to worries about Syria and North Korea offset investor selling ahead of a 30-year bond auction.
Oil prices reversed earlier gains after a report on U.S. crude stockpiles suggested the market was still heavily supplied. On Wall Street, defensive sectors were among the brightest spots in keeping with preferences for safety.
"The geopolitical tension has not escalated but it's not going away either," said Mary Anne Hurley, vice president of fixed income at D.A. Davidson in Seattle.
U.S. President Donald Trump said in a tweet on Tuesday North Korea was "looking for trouble" and the United States would "solve the problem" with or without China's help the day after Pyongyang warned of a nuclear attack on the United States at any sign of American aggression.
However Chinese President Xi Jinping on Wednesday stressed the need for a peaceful solution for the Korean peninsula on a call with Trump.
Russian President Vladimir Putin on Wednesday said trust had eroded between the United States and Russia under Trump as Moscow delivered an unusually hostile reception to U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson in a face-off over Syria.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 55.23 points, or 0.27 percent, to 20,596.07, the S&P 500 lost 8.13 points, or 0.35 percent, to 2,345.65 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 24.92 points, or 0.42 percent, to 5,841.85.
Aside from politics investors were hoping quarterly earnings would support lofty valuations on Wall Street ahead of big bank earnings which unofficially kick off the season on Thursday.
"It would be very important what they (banks) offer as forecast because stock prices imply better times ahead and investors are looking for assurances and positive forecasts to be issued," said Rick Meckler, president of LibertyView Capital Management in Jersey City, New Jersey.
Europe's STOXX 600 was up 0.2 percent but was well below its high of the day.
Gold was up 0.2 percent at $1,276 an ounce, its highest since Nov. 10, after jumping 1.6 percent on Tuesday.
The dollar index, which measures the greenback against a basket of six other major currencies, was down 0.17 percent after hitting its lowest since April 7.
The dollar was still down slightly against the yen, after falling to its lowest in nearly five months earlier in the day against the Japanese currency, a favorite in times of stress due to Japan's position as the world's largest creditor nation.
The dollar fell 1.2 percent against the yen on Tuesday.
U.S. benchmark 10-year Treasury note yields were little changed at 2.300 percent, seen as a key resistance level.
The 30-year bond yield was flat at 2.933 percent after falling to the lowest since Jan. 17 earlier in the day.
Oil futures turned negative after eight straight sessions of gains on the U.S. inventory data suggesting persistent oversupply.
Global benchmark Brent crude fell 0.3 percent to $56.08 a barrel, while U.S. crude shed 0.02 percent to $53.39.
(Additional reporting by Richard Leong and Dion Rabouin in New York, Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru and Wayne Cole in Sydney; Editing by Alison Williams and James Dalgleish)
× 5-bedroom home near University of Richmond listed for $2.9M
HENRICO, Va. — A multimillion-dollar listing near the University of Richmond hit the market this month, next door to two other notable residential properties that set local sales records in recent years.
The 6,100-square-foot home at 16 Country Squire Lane, just south of River Road, was listed May 10 for $2.9 million.
The 1.5-acre property is alongside South Ridge Road between the recently sold Windward mansion at 1 S. Ridge Road and the site of another home at 101 S. Ridge Road that was the priciest area home sale in years, before it was demolished last year and is being replaced.
The Country Squire Lane home was listed by Michelle Ferguson with Long & Foster affiliate Virginia Properties. Ferguson is representing the sellers, listed in Henrico County property records as trustees of William Clark McGhee and Pamela H. McGhee, who purchased the home in 2013 for $926,000.
A county assessment most recently valued the property at $1.24 million. Ownership of the home was transferred to the trustees in December.
Clark McGhee is co-founder and CEO of GradCapital, a Henrico-based firm that provides student financing services for colleges and financial institutions. Pamela McGhee is a retired physician and works as a home renovator and designer.
Ferguson said she would not comment on the listing without permission from her clients.
Totaling five bedrooms, six bathrooms and two half-baths, the stone and Hardiplank house was built in 1975 and designed by Glavé, Newman and Anderson, now Glavé & Holmes Architecture. The listing states the McGhees renovated the home over the past five years.
Continue reading on RichmondBizSense.com.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Appointments to eight city boards and other commissions were finalized by city leaders.
---
The content you're trying to view is available for Premium Content Subscribers only. Online subscription options are available and are complimentary to all existing print subscribers of The YAZOO HERALD.
If you're an existing subscriber (print or digital) and already have your Username and Password, click here: http://bit.ly/1B095Lm
If you're an existing print subscriber and need to activate your online account, click here: http://bitly.com/1wHXqwM
A Donald Trump supporter had every right to brandish a profane protest sign in a busy public park on a summer's day at Niagara Falls, Ontario's top court ruled on Monday.
In quashing a trespass notice issued to Fredrick Bracken, the Court of Appeal said the ability to protest publicly — even using vulgar language — is an essential part of the democratic process.
“In a free society, individuals are permitted to use open public spaces to address the people assembled there, to challenge each other, and to call government to account,” the Appeal Court said. “The idea that the parks are somehow different — that they are categorically a ‘safe space' where people are to be protected from exposure to political messages — is antithetical to a free and democratic society and would set a dangerous precedent.”
At the same time, the court upheld the constitutionality of a rule barring park users from abusive behaviour that could interfere with the enjoyment of other users. The provision, the court found, was a reasonable restriction on free speech.
The case arose in August 2016 in the run-up to the presidential election in the United States. Bracken, of Fort Erie, Ont., was in a park near the falls holding up a sign reading: “Trump is right. F—k China. F—k Mexico.”
Niagara Parks police decided the sign was offensive and disturbing visitors. Officers told Bracken he could not display the sign and told him to leave.
A couple of days later, Bracken went to the Parks police headquarters, where he was told that if he returned to the park with the sign, he would be removed under trespassing laws.
He turned to the courts, seeking a declaration that parks rules prohibiting “abusive or insulting language” that interferes with other park users was unconstitutional, and that the oral trespass notice police gave him had violated his free speech rights.
In September 2016, Superior Court Justice James Ramsay ruled that constitutionally guaranteed freedom of expression does not apply to shouting insulting or abusive language in parks. However, Ramsay declined to rule on the validity of the oral trespass notice because he was not satisfied police had actually issued such a notice.
Bracken turned to the Court of Appeal, which decided Ramsay was mistaken to conclude that park rules did not infringe on free speech. The judge was also wrong in deciding police had not issued a trespass notice so there was nothing to quash, the Appeal Court found.
For their part, Niagara Parks police and Niagara Parks Commission tried to argue that the parks are intended to be a place of refuge where users can experience natural beauty without the distraction of potentially divisive expression. However, the higher court found the plaza where Bracken was protesting was a busy, partly commercial area where neither quiet nor an absence of distraction was possible.
At the same time, the court upheld the law itself on the grounds that it aims to prevent individuals and groups from using public spaces in a way that makes them unfit for others to use. When the line is crossed must be decided on a case-by-case basis and, the Appeal Court said, Bracken in no way went too far.
“The public is not required to endure personalized invective, but nothing in the sign's message could be characterized in this way,” the Appeal Court said. “The display of the sign, despite its profanity, did not constitute the use of insulting or abusive language.”
In November 2016, Niagara police arrested Bracken, then 39, during a similar protest at Brock University, according to the student paper Brock News. He was charged with assaulting a student and making offensive racial comments.
Colin Perkel, The Canadian Press
Uber's open COO job in the spotlight amid leadership void
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 With Chief Executive Travis Kalanick taking a leave of absence from Uber Technologies Inc, the vacant job of chief operating officer takes on a lot more importance as the company frames the position as key to solving its woes.
FILE PHOTO : The crowd watches play on the 15th hole, with none of the patrons using a cellular phone because they are not allowed, in third round play during the 2017 Masters golf tournament at Augusta National Golf Club in Augusta, Georgia, U.S., April 8, 2017. REUTERS/Lucy Nicholson/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: Patrons use landline phones to call out as cell phones are not allowed on the course during Monday practice rounds for the 2017 Masters at Augusta National Golf Course in Augusta, Georgia, U.S., April 3, 2017. REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: Patrons use landline phones to call out as cell phones are not allowed on the course during Monday practice rounds for the 2017 Masters at Augusta National Golf Course in Augusta, Georgia, U.S., April 3, 2017. REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: Henrik Stenson of Sweden chips from the crowd onto the 18th green in first round play during the 2017 Masters golf tournament at Augusta National Golf Club in Augusta, Georgia, U.S., April 6, 2017. REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst/File Photo
AUGUSTA, Georgia If not for the modern clothing styles, photos of the lucky patrons attending the last round of the U.S. Masters on Sunday could be confused with ones from another era since no one will be holding up a smartphone.
Augusta National has strict rules that forbid anyone from taking a phone or camera on to the course, a throwback to the days of spectators who focused solely on the action as opposed to capturing a selfie or tweeting.
Standing in front of the course's massive manually operated scoreboard along the first fairway, 17-year-old Sanford Satcher said he could enjoy the tournament more without the pressure to document every moment.
"If I had my phone on me right now, I'd feel that I have to snap pictures instead of just evaluating it with my own eyes," he said. "It makes you value what's around you and who you are with."
And it is not just the millennial generation that appreciates the break from technology.
Ramon Zalanea, 69, said he was anxious about leaving his cell phone in his hotel room before coming to the course on Saturday.
"I didn't think I could live without it," he said with a laugh. "But now that we're here, I feel less stress. I can just enjoy the game."
Zalanea's son Dennis said being phoneless made him appreciate elements of the serene course he may have otherwise missed, from the chirping birds to the towering pines.
"You're actually in the moment rather than trying to capture the moment," he said.
The consequences of being caught with a phone or any other digital device at the Masters are severe - immediate expulsion and a possible lifetime ban from the tournament.
Patrons hoping to capture a photo at Augusta National can wait in line while an official photographer takes their picture at Founders Circle, the famous spot at the end of Magnolia Lane with the Masters logo formed by yellow pansies.
Security guard Vicki Cromley said the ban makes her job easier.
Concession and restroom lines move more quickly, people appear less stressed, and it encourages the patrons to focus on the golf, the atmosphere and their loved ones.
"It's good for them," she said. "People actually talk to their children and each other."
Around the timeless fairways of Augusta, people who rely on their phones as watches too are constantly asking Cromley what time it is.
"It's nice not to see people Tindering or playing on Facebook," said Kris Aylett, who lives in Augusta. "I can't think of another place like this."
But just because there are no cell phones at Augusta National does not mean there are no phones at all.
Patrons can make toll free calls to anywhere in the world at public phone banks located in the Augusta National grounds.
Dennis Zalanea said he called his sister who was thrilled to see "Augusta, Georgia" pop up on her cell phone's caller ID.
He wanted to make more calls but realised he did not know many of his friend and family's phone numbers. They are saved on his cell phone, which was back in his hotel room.
(Editing by Frank Pingue and Ed Osmond)
April 10 The chairman of the Federal Communications Commission said Monday he is proposing to end a 2013 regulatory proceeding that had sought to lift the ban on mobile phones on U.S. airlines.
The FCC had said in 2013 it would consider allowing air travelers to make mobile phone calls, but never finalized it. "I stand with airline pilots, flight attendants, and America's flying public against the FCC's ill-conceived 2013 plan to allow people to make cellphone calls on planes. I do not believe that moving forward with this plan is in the public interest," FCC Chairman Ajit Pai said in a statement. (Reporting by David Shepardson; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Guangzhou Automobile Group Co Ltd :
* SAYS IT AND PONY.AI TO SIGN FRAMEWORK AGREEMENT ON SMART DRIVE, AUTO PILOT RESEARCH Source text in Chinese: bit.ly/2rYqCIR Further company coverage: (Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom)
FILE PHOTO: The headquarters building of Anbang Insurance Group are pictured in Beijing, China, August 25, 2016. REUTERS/Jason Lee/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: The headquarters building of Anbang Insurance Group are pictured in Beijing, China, August 25, 2016. REUTERS/Jason Lee/File Photo
SHANGHAI A war of words is brewing in China between a highly acquisitive insurer and a leading business journal, a rare public clash amid growing pressure on firms to improve governance and transparency.
Anbang Insurance Group Co Ltd [ANBANG.UL] said in an open letter published online on Wednesday it would take legal action against business publication Caixin and one of its reporters over what it called "malicious" and "inaccurate" reports driven by commercial aims.
A Caixin report published on April 29 said Anbang's ownership structure was "opaque" and that its funding was a "maze" of capital flow involving more than 100 firms.
Anbang's open letter to Caixin publisher Hu Shuli was the second notice in four days published by the insurer threatening the publication with a lawsuit.
Anbang, which rose to international prominence through its purchase of New York's landmark Waldorf Astoria hotel in 2015, also accused Caixin of publishing a series of malicious reports against the company and conducting personal attacks on Anbang Chairman Wu Xiaohui. Wednesday's letter also threatened to sue in Canada the author of Caixin's most recent report.
Caixin declined to comment on Wednesday. Caixin has said Anbang's allegations are groundless and that it could take legal action itself against the insurer.
Anbang, which is owned by a series of privately-held companies, did not comment beyond the open letter.
China's financial and corporate regulators have yet to comment directly on the growing spat between the two firms.
While public spats between Chinese media and corporations are not unheard of, the case is unusual because of the high-profile nature of both parties, risk consultants said.
"Caixin in China is like The Economist or the Wall Street Journal in the United States. There's no more well-respected business publication and people take it very seriously," said Andrew Gilholm, director of analysis for China and North Asia at risk consultancy Control Risks.
He said Anbang was on par with global insurers like American International Group Inc (AIG) (AIG.N) in terms of scale.
The New York Times reported last year about the Chinese company's complex structure and networks.
"Most Chinese hadn't heard of it 5-10 years ago, but it's probably now, along with Dalian Wanda and HNA Group, among the top Chinese firms making headlines worldwide," Gilholm said.
In March, Kushner Companies, the real estate firm headed by U.S. President Donald Trump's son-in-law until recently, said it ended talks to redevelop its flagship New York office tower with Anbang.
Established in 2004, Anbang burst onto the global scene by signing more than $30 billion worth of corporate deals in the last two-and-a-half years.
(Reporting by Adam Jourdan; Editing by Randy Fabi)
POWERED by their common belief that “anybody can make a difference no matter the challenges they face,” Pan-Asian insurer FWD Life Insurance and the Special Olympics recently inked a partnership aimed at pushing their vision for an inclusive environment to provide equal opportunities for people with intellectual disabilities.
Launched in the region in February, the FWD Group threw its support behind the Special Olympics, the world's largest sports organization for people with intellectual disabilities, by donating $1.25 million across the markets where it operates in — Hong Kong, Thailand, Indonesia, the Philippines, Singapore, Vietnam and Japan.
It is hoped that through the partnership people with intellectual disabilities get the proper attention they need amid a current landscape that both FWD and the Special Olympics recognize as posing attitudinal, structural and logistical challenges to people with special needs, particularly in obtaining health care and employment.
In the Philippines, the FWD-Special Olympics partnership was officially launched on April 23 where officials of both groups along with some of the country's Special Olympics athletes celebrated the “groundbreaking” tie-up.
“Through this partnership, FWD aims to champion the dreams of young people with intellectual disabilities by creating an inclusive environment that provide equal opportunities. FWD supports the vision of Special Olympics: using the power of sports to let people with intellectual disabilities discover new strengths and abilities. Through this partnership, we are excited to bring to life our Community Care vision — to empower people to live fulfilled lives,” said FWD Life Philippines President and Chief Executive Officer Peter Grimes at the partnership launch at the Palms Country Club in Alabang, Muntinlupa City.
As part of its Community Care thrust, FWD will support two programs of the Special Olympics, namely the Unified Schools and Athlete Leadership programs.
For the Unified Schools program, FWD will partner with Special Olympics in engaging thousands of young people in workshops and unified activities to educate them about people with intellectual disabilities and train them to develop ways to create social change.
FWD also plans to invite schools and communities to various sports and non-sports activities involving Special Olympics athletes, to celebrate acceptance and inclusion.
The Athlete Leadership program, meanwhile, will have hundreds of athletes with intellectual disabilities undergo training to be empowered, develop leadership skills, utilize their abilities to undertake leadership roles in the Special Olympics movement, and create inclusive communities all over the world.
These activities will be done under the umbrella of FWD's 2020 Community Care program whose goal is to improve the quality of life of individuals with disabilities in Asia by promoting inclusion through rehabilitation and vocational training and generate positive change for the disabled, their families, and their communities.
For Kaye Samson, Special Olympics Philippines National Director, the newly forged linkup with FWD is truly a groundbreaking one and something they are very excited about, just as she encouraged other companies to come on board and join their mission.
“We're making history with this. FWD is the first biggest supporter of Special Olympics Philippines. We have had corporate partners in the past but it was on a smaller scale, by events [basis]. We are lucky to have FWD on board to help us change lives,” Ms. Samson shared to BusinessWorld on the sidelines of the partnership launch.
“Hopefully more companies from the private sector will be inspired by this and come on board because with a lot of people with intellectual disabilities in the country and all over the world, it is not enough to have only a few people helping. We have to unite and band together, open our hearts, open our companies to people with intellectual disabilities. We already have companies here employing some of our athletes but more can be done,” she added. — Michael Angelo S. Murillo
April 13 Rexahn Pharmaceuticals Inc
* Rexahn announces 1-for-10 reverse stock split
* Expects that reverse stock split will be effective on May 5, 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
3 arrested following fight, shooting outside Olympia
OLYMPIA, Wash. (AP) — Authorities say three Washington state men were arrested following a fight triggered by a Facebook post that ended with a shooting.
The Olympian reports 22-year-old Tyler Thompson and two other men appeared in Thurston County Superior Court on Monday after a man was shot outside Olympia early Sunday morning.
Thompson was charged with assault and attempted murder with a deadly weapon. His bail was set at $500,000. Public defender Angela Colaiuta represented the men.
According to charging documents, the men and the unnamed victim met in a neighborhood park northeast of Evergreen State College to settle a dispute. Authorities say Thompson fired two shots at the victim, hitting him on the stomach and on his side following the fight.
The victim's medical status was not immediately available Monday.
___
Information from: The Olympian, http://www.theolympian.com
Tim Hortons called the lawsuit “unfounded,” in a statement by its media relations team
The legal battle between a group of Tim Hortons franchisees and their parent company escalated Friday as the corporate-unsanctioned association filed a lawsuit alleging that Restaurant Brands International, its subsidiary and several executives continually subvert their right to associate.
The defendants have engaged in conduct that “seeks to interfere with, restrict, penalize, or threaten franchisees from exercising their rights to associate,” according to a lawsuit filed in an Ontario Superior Court of Justice on behalf of two franchisees who belong to the Great White North Franchisee Association. None of the claims have been proven in court.
Tim Hortons called the lawsuit “unfounded,” in a statement by its media relations team.
“We have always been clear that we will not interfere with our franchisees' right to associate and that remains true today,” it read, adding the lawsuit is the latest tactic of the group's “disregard for the brand and our restaurant owners.”
The GWNFA, which incorporated in March to raise franchisee concerns over the management of the brand, alleges the defendants systematically stymied their group.
The claim alleges this pattern includes the defendants denying future store opportunities to franchisees because they are “not aligned” with Tim Hortons's interest and setting aside a $2 billion fund to buy out franchisees who have joined the GWNFA or may do so in the future.
READ MORE: Burger King, Tim Hortons join forces to form world's 3rd largest fast food company
READ MORE: Fraser Valley Classic Car Show doubles down with Tim Hortons
“It is happening. We know it's happening,” said GWNFA president David Hughes, one of the lead plaintiffs.
He hopes the lawsuit, which is seeking about $850 million in damages from RBI and its subsidiary, will force the parent company to reconsider legal action it commenced late last month.
RBI subsidiary the TDL Group Corp. served default notices to all of the GWNFA's board members, including Hughes, on Sept. 18. The company accused them of providing confidential information to Tim Hortons former CEO Don Schroeder, who then allegedly gave it to a Canadian newspaper.
Schroeder and the GWNFA deny these claims, and the association included the legal action in its statement of claim as proof of the company's efforts to hamper its operations.
This is the group's second lawsuit against the company.
In June, a $500-million lawsuit filed on behalf of franchisee and GWNFA member Mark Kuziora alleged RBI improperly used money from a national advertising fund. The allegations have not been proven in court and RBI said at the time that it vehemently disagrees with and denies all the allegations.
The lawsuit is currently in the preliminary stages, said Hughes, and the GWNFA hopes it will move before a judge in early 2018.
While the two sides are now mostly communicating through lawyers, Hughes said the association is willing to sit down with executives and work out a fair deal for franchisees.
Until that deal is achieved, it doesn't appear Hughes will back down.
“I'm the guy that started. I'm the guy that's going to stand. If I'm the last man standing, so be it.”
Aleksandra Sagan, The Canadian Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
Aug 13 (Gracenote) - Summary from the Spanish Super Cup Final match on Sunday Barcelona 1 Lionel Messi 77pen Real Madrid 3 Gerard Pique 50og, Cristiano Ronaldo 80, Marco Asensio 90 Red Card: Cristiano Ronaldo 82 Halftime: 0-0;Attendance: 89,514 - - -
ACRES Farm offers garden plots to UW students
Photo: Shannon Broderick, AP Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 ADVANCE FOR WEEKEND EDITIONS, JUNE 30-JULY 1 - In this June 14, 2018 photo, Julia Dickie weeds her garden plot at ACRES Student Farm at the University of Wyoming in Laramie, Wyo. (Shannon Broderick/Laramie Boomerang via AP) less ADVANCE FOR WEEKEND EDITIONS, JUNE 30-JULY 1 - In this June 14, 2018 photo, Julia Dickie weeds her garden plot at ACRES Student Farm at the University of Wyoming in Laramie, Wyo. (Shannon Broderick/Laramie ... more Photo: Shannon Broderick, AP ACRES Farm offers garden plots to UW students 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
LARAMIE, Wyo. (AP) — In a garden plot near 30th street, tucked to one side of the University of Wyoming ACRES Student Farm, University of Wyoming junior Julia Dickie has planted flowers, herbs and vegetables.
Early in the growing season, starter plants worked to find their footing beneath a steady wind, as Dickie pulled a few stray weeds from the plot.
"It's been really dry," she said.
Rows of flowers lined the edges of the 4-by-16-foot plot.
"I like to make sure that I like to plant flowers that promote pollinators," she said. "That's important to me."
In the middle, she had spices such as basil, lemongrass and rosemary. Elsewhere she had planted kale, peppers, tomatoes and squash.
"I'm hoping to make some salsa," she said.
Dickie said she comes by the farm about once a day to water the garden from a nearby hose, usually in the evening around dinner time.
"It's beautiful seeing the sunset out here," she said.
Dickie is one of about a dozen UW students who have their own garden plots at ACRES, a 1.8-acre student-run farm located near the corner of 30th and Harney streets. In exchange for the plots, students contribute five volunteer hours to the farm itself during the summer season.
"It's all theirs, and they can plant almost anything they want," said farm manager Jordan Pierson.
ACRES Farm, which stands for Agricultural Community Resources for Everyday Sustainability, aims to promote local agriculture and sustainable growing methods. Volunteers and interns grow crops they sell at the Downtown Laramie Farmers Market and through community-supported agriculture. The farm also collects food scraps from around town for a composting program.
Hannah Dunn, an AmeriCorps Vista member working for ACRES, said the student gardener program fits with the mission of the farm.
"We also promote food justice on campus and in the community, so we try to provide programs that help students gain access to garden plots," she said.
Pierson said the idea arose a couple years ago as a way to connect the farm to the larger UW community. Someday soon, she envisions garden plots on the main part of campus.
"We're already so disconnected from UW," she said. "So, it really helps us branch out to students, and also it's a great opportunity for students to get to grow their own food."
The farm encourages the student gardeners to follow organic growing practices, such as avoiding synthetic chemicals and weeding by hand.
Pierson said some students bring their own compost to the plots, such as horse manure from Hansen Arena.
"We try not to use pesticides and herbicides," she said.
Dickie said she tried growing plants from seed last year before trying starter plants this year. Her pollinator flowers did succeed last summer, but she's still learning. She was motivated to start gardening by her mother, who has a large raspberry bush at their Cheyenne home.
"That inspired me to go on my own and explore a little bit," she said. "It's all about maintenance, dedication and patience."
___
Information from: Laramie Boomerang, http://www.laramieboomerang.com
John Mellencamp is never afraid to get political. The 66-year-old heartland rocker timed the release of “Easy Target” — a barbed protest anthem in support of the Black Lives Matter movement — to just days before Donald Trump's presidential inauguration.
On Thursday night, in advance of Super Bowl LII, Mellencamp played the song on The Late Show with Stephen Colbert, capping off the performance by taking a knee. The act was done in solidarity with the NFL players who choose to kneel during the national anthem played at football games.
The movement began in August 2016 with Colin Kaepernick, who made headlines for refusing to stand for the national anthem to protest racial injustice in the United States. Since then, the act has ignited a cultural firestorm, drawing the ire of those, including Trump himself, who feel it is unpatriotic.
RELATED VIDEO: More Than 100 NFL Players Kneel During Anthem in Defiance of President Trump
During a rally speech in Alabama last fall, Trump stated, “Wouldn't you love to see one of these NFL owners, when somebody disrespects our flag, say, ‘Get that son of a bitch off the field right now. Out, you're fired.'”
He followed this up days later with a series of tweets. “If a player wants the privilege of making millions of dollars in the NFL, or other leagues, he or she should not be allowed to disrespect…our Great American Flag (or Country) and should stand for the National Anthem,” he wrote. “If not, YOU'RE FIRED. Find something else to do!”
However, the movement has gained traction with celebrities —including Diddy and Stevie Wonder — and other supporters, and quickly spread across the league.
Kamara had a career-high 22 goals for Columbus in 2015 to help the Crew reach the MLS Cup final, and has scored a dozen times each of the last two seasons.
Tenth all-time on the MLS goal list, Kamara also isn't afraid to speak his mind. Apart from the run-in with Federico Higuain that led to his Columbus exit, he made it known this past season the Revolution weren't the right fit for his skill set.
That fiery personality is something Vancouver can probably use, with Kamara's demeanour more akin to that of Robinson — a no-nonsense midfielder during his playing days —than most of the current roster.
"He's aggressive, he has the courage of his convictions," Whitecaps president Bob Lenarduzzi said in a phone interview. "Having someone like him who is prepared to be vocal is something we haven't had."
Active on social media with more than 60,000 Twitter followers, Kamara said that approach is about getting the most out of himself and the team.
"When I'm screaming at you, it's not because I don't like you," he said. "It's because I want all of us to be better."
With both Kamara and recently acquired striker Anthony Blondell the two primary options up top for the Whitecaps, it seems like the door is closing on the potential return of Fredy Montero.
The Colombian scored 13 times last season while on loan from his Chinese club, but made US$1.8 million as a designated player. Kamara was on the books for $800,000 in New England.
"We're keeping all the doors open," said Lenarduzzi. "It needs to be established what the Chinese club is looking to do, and what Fredy is looking to do."
Vancouver's arduous travel schedule is always a consideration when adding an older player, but Lenarduzzi said Kamara's age didn't come into the equation when going after a target man the Whitecaps had their eye on for some time
"I'm in Sierra Leone, West Africa," Kamara joked. "That's a long trip.
"I'm focused, I'm energetic, athletic. I know how to take care of myself off the field."
Kamara's family fled to the United States from war-torn Sierra Leone when he as a teenager, but despite becoming an American citizen, he decided to play for his homeland internationally.
A native of Kenema, he runs the Heart Shaped Hands foundation — named after one of his many goal celebrations — which works to provide scholarships in his native country, and is currently raising funds for victims of an August mudslide that killed more than 1,000 people in the capital of Freetown.
"As a professional of anything, the best way is for you to go back to your roots and see how many smiles you can put on people's faces," said Kamara. "It's not about how much you make or the fame, but I use those things to give back.
"I can make an impact in this country."
The Whitecaps will be hoping he can do the same for them on the field.
---
Follow @JClipperton_CP on Twitter
By Joshua Clipperton, The Canadian Press
March 31 Former New York City Mayor Rudolph Giuliani went to Turkey to meet with the country's president and sought meetings with U.S. government officials in an attempt to end U.S. prosecution of a wealthy Turkish gold trader charged with conspiring to violate U.S. sanctions on Iran, Manhattan federal prosecutors said.
The moves were disclosed in a letter on Friday to U.S. District Judge Richard Berman, who is overseeing the case in which the trader, Reza Zarrab, is accused of conspiring with others to conduct illegal transactions through U.S. banks on behalf of Iran's government and other Iranian entities.
The letter marks the latest attempt by Manhattan federal prosecutors to raise questions about the role of Giuliani and former U.S. Attorney General Michael Mukasey in representing Zarrab. Zarrab allegedly victimized at least eight large banks which are current or former clients of Giuliani and Mukasey's law firms, raising potential conflicts of interest.
Giuliani and Mukasey "are trying to play a critical - rather than their claimed 'ancillary' - role in this proceeding," acting U.S. Attorney Joon Kim in Manhattan said in the letter. "Mr. Guiliani and Mr. Mukasey's efforts are aimed at reaching a disposition in this case."
Giuliani is a lawyer for Greenberg Traurig, while Mukasey, who is also a former federal judge, is a lawyer for Debevoise & Plimpton.
The eight banks are Bank of America Corp, Citigroup Inc, Deutsche Bank AG, HSBC Holdings Plc , JPMorgan Chase & Co, Standard Chartered Plc , UBS Group AG and Wells Fargo & Co. (reporting by Nathan Layne; Editing by Cynthia Osterman)
WINONA – It looks as if someone kicked the ant hill with the amount of activity going on at Winona Christian these days.
Headmaster Jimmy Pittman said the various summer improvement projects happening around the school's campus are winding up for the upcoming open house on August 8.
As Kyle Richards prepares for the June 7 premiere of American Woman, the new drama series she's co-executive producing, there is at least one specific person she's hoping will tune in.
“I hope when Kathy sees the show, she'll understand,” Richards, 49, tells PEOPLE exclusively of a rift with her older sister, Kathy Hilton, 59, with whom tensions arose when Hilton got the impression that the show, which is inspired by her childhood in the '70s, would be too personal.
“I would never tell anyone else's stories,” the Real Housewives of Beverly Hills star explains. “And I felt bad because she thought it was something that it wasn't. I was inspired by my mom [Kathleen Richards], being a single mom in the '70s. It was a crazy, fun, reckless time. But it's not based on my actual life.”
Continues Richards, who notes that sister Kim Richards, 53, has been supportive and “excited” about the show: “I love my sisters and I would never do anything to disrespect or embarrass them. I'm looking forward to the show coming out so Kathy can see it and realize. That's my hope.”
Kathy Hilton, Kyle Richards and Kim Richards Rachel Murray/WireImage
The mom to four daughters says she feels positive about the future. “Every family has their moments, but we'll be fine,” says Richards. “I love my sisters and that's all that matters.”
Want to keep up on the latest from PEOPLE? Sign up for our daily newsletter to get our best stories of the day delivered straight to your inbox.
At the end of the day, Richards just hopes to celebrate the inspiration of her new venture: her beloved late mother, known as “Big Kathy,” who died in 2002 after battling breast cancer.
“My mom was a strong woman, opinionated and outspoken,” says Richards. “The way that she raised us was very unconventional. Our house was open and our conversations were open. I started driving to work when I was 13 years old because I was always very responsible. And my mom instilled in us a lot of confidence and trust.”
For more on Meghan's new life, check out this week's issue of PEOPLE, on newsstands Friday.
Ultimately, says Richards, who has been wed to Mauricio Umansky, 47, for 22 years, “everything I have now is because of what my mom did for me. She was our biggest cheerleader. And she made me feel like I was the greatest thing in the world.”
American Woman premieres June 7 at 10 p.m. ET on Paramount Network.
Shares fell on Tuesday, April 24, continuing a downward trajectory as the region provided no fresh leads for investors to turn to.
The bellwether Philippine Stock Exchange index plunged 1.54% or 119.11 points to 7,600.36 Tuesday, while the broader all-shares index also lost 1.27% or 59.32 points to 4,617.77.
“Philippine markets continued to sell down as investors continued to stay on the sidelines without any catalysts from regional market,” Regina Capital Development Corp. Managing Director Luis A. Limlingan said in a mobile phone message.
PCCI Securities Brokers Corp. Research Head Joseph James F. Lago noted that this is a continuation of the market's correction mode that has been in place since Jan. 30.
“Rising global yields, particularly that of US Treasuries, have been the main culprit coupled with the domestic inflation that will certainly be at the 4+% range for the whole year given the short-term impact of the TRAIN (Tax Reform for Acceleration and Inclusion) law and the continued rise of crude prices,” Mr. Lago said in an email.
The PCCI Securities analyst noted that there may be an impact on both the country's economic growth and corporate profits with higher domestic rates.
All sectoral counters remained in negative territory, with property leading the decline with a 2.03% drop or 72.85 points to 3,514.84. Mining and oil dipped 1.8% or 189.59 points to 3,514.84, followed by industrial which dropped 1.79% or 197.71 points to 10,878.89.
Financials fell by 1.44% or 28.75 points to 1,964.57; holding firms slipped by 1.19% or 91.10 points to 7,540.83; while services gave up 0.72% or 11.30 points to 1,552.84.
Some 2.3 billion issues switched hands, valued at P6.05 billion, lower than Monday's P5.48 billion.
Declining stocks prevailed for the day at 143 versus 68 that gained and 40 that remained flat.
Foreign investors were net sellers for the fourth consecutive day as they dumped a net of P175.32-million funds, although lower than the P308.2 million in net sales on Monday. — Arra B. Francia
125 Years Ago: Kootenay Star, June 3, 1893
A monument was erected over the grave of the late Mrs. Louise Beavo in the cemetery. Beavo died on November 13, 1891 of rheumatic fever. She was 32 years old, and left her two sons, Willie and George, ages 6 and 8, who were brought up by her mother, Mrs. Barbara Clark. The monument was a polished grey marble pyramid standing on a freestone base. It came from the marble works at Clinton, Ontario and was obtained through Mr. Howson, the local undertaker. Unfortunately, as the marker was made so long after her death, the date of death reads 1892 instead of 1891. This is the oldest known marker in Revelstoke's Mountain View Cemetery.
120 Years Ago: Revelstoke Herald, May 28, 1898
The newspaper had an article with the headline GRANDMOTHERS MEET, talking about a Board of Trade meeting to discuss the incorporation of Revelstoke as a city. The article said, “The result of last night's meeting has fairly succeeded in making this place the laughing stock of the whole province … The HERALD entirely refuses to believe that the people of Revelstoke as a body wish to appear before the province as a lot of nervous old women incapable of knowing their own minds and afraid of the responsibilities of self-government.” The main issue in the delay of incorporation was river-bank protection. The Board of Trade didn't want to incorporate before getting a promise from the provincial government that they would work to mitigate the erosion of the riverbank. Revelstoke was finally incorporated on March 1, 1899.
110 Years Ago: Revelstoke Mail-Herald, May 30, 1908
The City Council voted to raise the rate of pay for volunteer firemen to $2.00 per hour while engaged in actual firefighting, up from the previous rate of .75 cents per hour.
100 Years Ago: Revelstoke Review, May 30, 1918
Two fatal accidents occurred in the Connaught Tunnel in the space of a week. George Clark, age 65 was killed on May 16 when he was hit by rocks falling from the tunnel. He had been working as a watchman at the tunnel for only a few days. On May 23, Antone Linbeck, age 54, was found dead inside the tunnel after having been apparently run over by a train. He had been a watchman at the tunnel since it opened in December of 1916.
80 Years Ago: Revelstoke Review, June 3, 1938
More than 130 men were working on the Big Bend section of the Trans-Canada Highway since work opened for the season the week previously. 76 men were at the 63-mile camp, 34 were working on the three-mile stretch near Revelstoke, and 24 men were on the local garage and office staffs. The highway from Revelstoke to Golden was not completed until June of 1940.
60 Years Ago: Revelstoke Review, May 29, 1958
Five huge road building machines, provided by Raymond Construction Ltd, began levelling the new Centennial Park along the Columbia River. The new park would include baseball diamonds for Little League baseball, as well as one for adult use. Other sports facilities were also planned for the new park. The building of the park had been chosen as Revelstoke's project during the BC Centennial year.
40 Years Ago: Revelstoke Review, May 31, 1978
Finning Equipment Centre opened on Highway 23 South in Big Eddy, replacing a smaller depot which opened in 1974. The new centre had a staff of 17 sales, parts, and service people, with Russ Grycan as branch manager.
30 Years Ago: Revelstoke Review, June 1, 1988
150 people came out for a Mayor's Walkathon of 4 or 10 kilometers to raise money for African famine relief. $2,700 was raised for the cause. Mayor Geoff Battersby encouraged people to come out and participate.
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup he co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
May 3 Camino Minerals Corp:
* Camino Minerals increases the recently announced financing
* Camino Minerals Corp - now intends to raise up to $5 million by way of a private placement
* Says net proceeds of private placement will be used to fund ongoing exploration Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
A new wave of protests against U.S. President Donald Trump's decision to recognize Jerusalem as the Israeli capital erupted Sunday in parts of the Muslim and Arab world.
Lebanese security forces outside the U.S. Embassy in Beirut fired water cannons and tear gas to beat back Lebanese and Palestinian protesters who hurled projectiles at the embassy and burned Trump in effigy, along with U.S. and Israeli flags.
In Indonesia, home to the world's largest population of Muslims, thousands of protesters mounted a demonstration outside the U.S. Embassy in the capital, Jakarta, while other protests occurred in Jordan, Turkey, Pakistan, Malaysia, Egypt and the Palestinian territories bordering Israel.
Netanyahu in Paris
Before he left late Saturday for meetings with European leaders, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu attacked what he said was their hypocrisy in condemning Trump's decision to eventually move the U.S. Embassy from Tel Aviv, where most foreign governments have their embassies in Israel.
“While I respect Europe, I am not prepared to accept a double standard from it,” Netanyahu said. “I hear voices from there condemning President Trump's historic statement, but I have not heard condemnations of the rockets fired at Israel or the terrible incitement against it. I am not prepared to accept this hypocrisy.”
After meeting with Netanyahu, French President Emmanuel Macron condemned attacks on Israel, but said he opposes Trump's decision on Jerusalem. Macron described it as a “breach of international law and at risk for peace. In risk for peace because I believe these statements do not serve security, including the security of Israel and the Israelis.”
Nikki Haley, the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations, defended Trump's decision in an interview on CNN. She said Israel already has numerous government agencies in Jerusalem, adding, “Why shouldn't we have the embassy there?” She said Trump “did the will of the [American] people” by making a decision that previous U.S. presidents refused to dco.
Police in the Swedish city of Gothenburg arrested three people for allegedly throwing firebombs at a synagogue. A police spokesman said Sunday the incident is being investigated as attempted arson. No one was hurt in the incident. Officials in Stockholm say security has been tightened around a synagogue in the capital. Israeli police said a security guard was stabbed and seriously wounded near the Jerusalem bus terminal. His attacker was arrested.
MONTREAL – Congratulations to Kansas City Chiefs lineman Laurent Duvernay-Tardif. Make that Doctor Duvernay-Tardif.
The Chiefs offensive lineman graduated from medical school on Tuesday, becoming the first active NFL player to hold a medical degree.
The 6-foot-5, 321-lb. Canadian tweeted a photo of his white lab coat emblazoned with “Dr Duvernay-Tardif” and his number 76 on the back.
This is it! Today I become a doctor! It also marks the beginning of a great new adventure for all 2018 graduates of @mcgillu Faculty of Medicine. #LDTMD #graduation #passion #nfl #chiefs pic.twitter.com/j4oD1BCuXJ — Laurent D. Tardif (@LaurentDTardif) May 29, 2018
Duvernay-Tardif, 27, graduated from the Faculty of Medicine at McGill University, in Montreal. He was selected by the Chiefs in the sixth round of the 2014 NFL Draft, while he was in his third year of medical school.
He spent the next years working hard on the football field and returning to Canada during the off-season to continue medical school.
“So tonight right after graduation, I'm going back to Kansas City. Training camp is starting again tomorrow morning and then the season is right around the corner,” Dr. Duvernay-Tardif told NFL Canada.
“In terms of medicine, I think I want to give myself a year to think about, how am I going to be able to manage residency? Because it's hard to do part-time residency with an NFL career at the same time. But really, I think I want to also enjoy the moment right now and really focus 100 percent on football right now because we know the Chiefs 2018 season is gonna be big.”
Duvernay-Tardif signed a 5-year, $41 million deal with the Chiefs in 2017.
And when his NFL career eventually comes to an end, he'll have a pretty safe fall-back career.
Police in the UK have confirmed the substance which left two people critically ill in Wilsthire is the same nerve agent used to poison ex-Russian spy Sergei Skripal and his daughter.
The pair is both British nationals - and were found unconscious in Amesbury, which is just a few miles from where the Salisbury attack happened.
The Metropolitan Police say there was "nothing in their background" to suggest they were targeted.
The victims have been named locally as Charlie Rowley (45) and Dawn Sturgess (44).
Statement from ACSO Neil Basu re: incident in Amesbury https://t.co/DtXz4IOjCM pic.twitter.com/8I8t6sMPd6 — Metropolitan Police (@metpoliceuk) July 4, 2018
Sam Hobson, a friend of the pair, said: "I came around Charlie's house in the morning and there were loads of ambulances outside and his girlfriend was getting taken away and he said she was complaining of a headache in the morning.
"She went into the bathroom to have a bath and he heard a thump and she was in there having a fit, foam coming out of her mouth."
He added: "He [Mr Rowley] was sweating loads dribbling and you couldn't speak to him. He was making funny noises and he was rocking backwards and forwards. There was no response for me, he didn't even know I was there, he was in another world - he was hallucinating."
Metropolitan Police Assistant Commissioner Neil Basu has been updating reporters.
"The Counterterrorism Policing Network is now leading the investigation into this incident.
"This evening I have received test results from Porton Down which show that the two people have been exposed to the nerve agent, Novichok".
TORONTO — The president of Toronto's police union says an officer's actions in arresting the suspect in a van attack that left at least 10 people dead Monday was "one shining moment" in an otherwise horrific day.
Mike McCormack of the Toronto Police Association says the arrest, caught on videos that have been widely circulated on social media, has served as a glimmer of hope for a city grappling with tragedy.
In one of the videos, a man is heard calling for the officer to kill him, threatening that he has a gun in his pocket. The officer refuses to shoot and tells the man to get down.
McCormack says he's been in touch with the unnamed arresting officer, who he says is overwhelmed with emotion.
March 30 British bookmaker William Hill PLC named Ruth Prior as its new chief financial officer on Thursday.
Prior will join the company from Worldpay where she is currently chief operating officer and was previously deputy CFO there.
She will take up her appointment later this year. William Hill confirmed earlier this month that it had appointed current CFO Philip Bowcock as its new CEO. (Reporting by Rahul B in Bengaluru; Editing by Susan Fenton)
With the way Kenyan Drake played at the end of the 2017 season everyone is giddy with the thought of Drake being the #1 running back for the Miami Dolphins for a full season heading into 2018. There are some red flags though with the Dolphins running back position and adding another running back, another quality running back, is key between now and the start of the 2018 season.
Yes, Kenyan Drake played like a man among boys the final five games of the 2017 season and there is plenty of reason for optimism around him heading into 2018. A couple of things to remember though like Drake has never been the most durable player throughout his career. Whether at his time at Alabama or his rookie year with the Dolphins, Drake has always been often injured and dinged up missing time. To expect he can go from that type of player to a #1 lead running back overnight who will be expected to touch the ball some 15-20 times a game is asking a lot and expecting a lot out of someone who has never been a…
April 10 Nn Group NV:
* To exchange all Delta Lloyd preference shares A and subordinated loan held by Fonds NutsOhra for ordinary shares in NN Group for an aggregate value of 255 million euros ($270.1 million)
* Transaction expected to be completed in April 2017, subject to certain conditions, and after settlement of offer on April 12, 2017
* Perpetual subordinated loan has a nominal value of 405 million euros and currently qualifies as restricted Tier 1 capital until January 1, 2019 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9442 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
A gentleman is hard to come by these days, apparently a gentleman with good hygiene is even harder to come by. One of our listeners couldn't keep his cool during their date, but now he wants a second chance.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
WATERBURY, Conn. - Christmas is around the corner, but for Jaspal Singh the cheer came a little bit sooner.
"In the spirit of the holiday I want to do something special," Singh told WTIC.
Singh has been working in Waterbury for around five years. In that time he says the community has embraced him as one of their own. Singh observed how many of his surrounding community members go to sleep hungry.
So he did something about it.​
On Saturdays Singh rents out a food truck from Frankie's Hot Dog King and feeds the needy. Hundreds line up outside the truck to eat free hot dogs, hamburgers and french fries.
“Before they go to bed, they should have food in their belly," Singh said. "That's my only wish."
Next he plans to offer blankets and clothing to those who need it through the winter months.
Singh says the feeling is priceless.
“Over time I see somebody smiling I say thank you God," Singh said. "I just want to do something so I could give smiles to more people."
* Supply concerns underpin copper, aluminium * Aluminium at highest since May 2015 (Recasts with aluminium, adds closing prices) By Zandi Shabalala LONDON, March 29 Aluminium hit its highest level in nearly two years on Wednesday, supported by optimism that China would carry out plans to cut supply and by a rebound in the oil price. Three-month aluminium on the London Metal Exchange (LME) climbed 0.8 percent to close at $1,960 a tonne, its strongest since May 2015. "As long as China follows through with this and takes its environmental concerns seriously, there is potential for aluminium to perform quite well," Nitesh Shah, a commodities analyst at ETF Securities, said. China said it would require aluminium smelters to cut capacity by 30 percent over the winter heating months as part of its anti-pollution measures. * OIL PRICES: Oil prices rose nearly 2 percent on Wednesday as U.S. crude inventories rose less than expected, supply disruptions continued in Libya and the OPEC-led output cut by producing countries looked likely to be extended. * ALUMINIUM PREMIUM: Japan's aluminium premium for shipments during the April to June quarter has been set at $128 per tonne, up about a third from the quarter before due to higher overseas prices, five sources directly involved in the pricing talks said on Wednesday. * CHINA MANUFACTURING: Activity in China's manufacturing sector likely grew for an eighth straight month in March as a surprise rebound in the property market added to a construction boom, boosting sales of building materials from steel to cement, a Reuters poll showed. * DOLLAR: The dollar pulled away from 4-1/2-month lows against a basket of currencies to a near one-week high. * CHINA SMELTERS: China's top copper smelters have agreed to an 11 percent cut in second-quarter treatment and refining fees, after disruptions at the world's two biggest copper mines curbed the global supply of raw material. * LME NEWS: Regulatory delays to a proposal to slash initial clearing margins by the LME have dealt another blow to the exchange's ability to fend off competition from U.S. rival CME Group, whose margins are sharply lower. * NICKEL SPREADS: Cash LME nickel fell to a $67 discount against the three month nickel contract, the steepest discount since Jan 2015, reflecting a market in ample supply. CMNI0-3 * OTHER METALS: Copper ended up 0.6 percent to $5,907 per tonne. Zinc was at a one-week high, up 1.2 percent to $2,858, lead gained 0.9 percent to $2,350 and tin added 0.7 percent to $20,175. BASE METALS ARBITRAGE LME/SHFE COPPER LMESHFCUc3 226.21 LME/SHFE ALUMINIUM LMESHFALc3 -1764.94 LME/SHFE ZINC LMESHFZNc3 245.16 LME/SHFE LEAD LMESHFPBc3 1743.22 LME/SHFE NICKEL LMESHFNIc3 984 (Additional reporting by Melanie Burton; Editing by Susan Fenton/Ruth Pitchford/Alexander Smith)
NRG Energy's GenOn unit files for bankruptcy
WILMINGTON, Del., June 14 NRG Energy Inc's GenOn business filed for bankruptcy on Wednesday with an agreement with bondholders to cut $1.75 billion of its debt and restructure the power generator as a standalone business, according to a securities filing.
April 28 Gcl New Energy Holdings Ltd:
* Entered into Huarong EPC Agreement between Huarong Gcl New Energy, unit as principal and Xi'an Datang Electric as contractor
* Huarong Epc Agreement in relation to Huarong Project at estimated consideration of RMB614.9 million
* Xi'an Datang Electric, Nanjing Gcl New Energy and Sanmenxia Gcl New Energy entered into Henan Sanmenxia Equipment Purchase Agreement
* Henan Sanmenxia Equipment Purchase Agreement in relation to sale and purchase of certain system equipment at consideration of RMB228.9 million
* Entered into Henan Sanmenxia Epc Agreement between Sanmenxia Gcl New and Xi'an Datang Electric related to Henan Sanmenxia Project for RMB269.3 million
* Xi'an Datang Electric and unit of co & Huarong Gcl New Energy entered into Huarong Equipement purchase deal for system equipment for Huarong Project
* Deal for Huarong Equipment purchase agreement of RMB512.0 million Source :(bit.ly/2pbQKfY) Further company coverage:
‘Tis the season for heartwarming stories — and this one about a woman and her rescue dog is a doozy.
In the clip above, from Pets Best Insurance Services, Rachel details the fertility struggles she and her husband faced when trying to get pregnant with their first child. In the midst of the stress, they decided to adopt a rescue dog, Apollo.
“Apollo was there for me when I had my lows of lows,” Rachel says of the pup, whom she “fell in love with” at the shelter.
Though always loving and protective, there was one day when Apollo left his snout resting on Rachel's abdomen for an extended period of time. She snapped photos of the sweet moment and remembered finding it unusual for him, but didn't think too hard beyond that.
Three weeks later, Rachel's life changed forever when she had a positive pregnancy test, and nine months later, welcomed her son, Donovan.
Though Apollo was your typical high-energy dog, “when that baby came home, I'd never seen Apollo so gentle,” Rachel recalled. Now two-and-a-half years later, “he's a big brother to my son,” she says, adding that it's obvious how much he loves his human sibling.
"Provenance" is lighter fare than the Radch trilogy, but it introduces us to some interesting new characters, cultures and technologies.
Frankenstein Dreams: A Connoisseur's Collection of Victorian Science Fiction
Ed. by Michael Sims
(Bloomsbury, 400 pages, $29)
The publication of Mary Shelley's "Frankenstein" in 1818 is usually regarded as the beginning of science fiction, but the genre then took another hundred years to arrive at its present form. In this anthology of stories and novel excerpts from the nineteenth century, editor Michael Sims tracks the process of this shaping, collecting some of the earliest explorations of what would become staple themes such as time travel, robotics and space exploration.
The major difference between SF then and now is perhaps not so much our greater knowledge of the universe as it is the evolution in style. It's the flavour of the writing here, so distinct from our own, that makes this a collection for the connoisseur.
Machine Learning
By Hugh Howey
(Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, 352 pages, $22.50)
While self-publishing via Amazon hasn't led to a total transformation of the book business, there have been some amazing success stories. Hugh Howey, author of the bestselling Silo series of novels, is one of the most notable of these.
The Silo novels are the work of an author skilled in long-form narrative, and it's surprising to turn to the stories collected in "Machine Learning" and find them just as accomplished. Howey's highly original take on such standard SF themes as aliens, artificial intelligence and virtual reality are lively and thoughtful, with several of the stories, including "The Walk Up Nameless Ridge" and "The Plagiarist" being real standouts. "Machine Learning" is a good place to catch Howey at his best.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
The production runs through to Feb. 10th and Feb. 13th to 17th at the Arts Centre
CLASSIC SHOW - Red Deer College theatre studies students (Cameron Freitas, Aimbree Lauren, Brett Nixon and Alexandra Creedon) rehearse a scene from their upcoming show Major Barbara, which opens Feb. 8th on the Arts Centre mainstage. Janessa Barron photo
Red Deer College theatre studies students are putting the finishing touches on their latest production – Major Barbara – set to open Feb. 8th on the Arts Centre mainstage.
The engaging show runs through to Feb. 10th and also Feb. 13th to 17th with curtain at 7:30 p.m.
Weekend matinees run Feb. 10th and 17th at 1 p.m.
Penned by George Bernard Shaw, the story – directed by Thomas Usher – follows Barbara – a major in the Salvation Army – who works to save lives and souls by helping the poor and confronting social injustice in London.
Meanwhile, Andrew Undershaft, her fabulously wealthy father and arms industrialist, is looking to buy his salvation and acquire an heir. In the balance lies the fight for their moral conscience, noted the synopsis.
Filled with lively comedy and sparkling wit, Major Barbara is described as one of, “Shaw's slyest satirical triumphs that uses irony and humor to debate the true ‘price' of morality.”
“She's trying to alleviate the misery of the poor and the poverty-stricken in that part of London at the time,” explained Usher of the lead character. Barbara has also been estranged from her father for many years, but eventually her mother decides that it's time to reconnect the family and discuss matters that pertain to their own individual futures as well.
Mom has aristocratic roots, but the father was what was called at the time a ‘foundling' or an orphan.
“The long and the short of it is that they all meet as a family and discuss what the future might look like. Andrew sees that his daughter is full of the spirit of giving and taking care of the poor. She then challenges him to come down to her shelter one day and see what she does down there – maybe she will convert his soul and give him a sense of purpose.”
Andrew agrees too, providing that Barbara visit his munitions factory to see how the operation is run and how the workers in general fare in their employment.
“There's the outlay for the play.”
What do these two ultimately learn from each other?
Barbara has misgivings about the source of her father's immense wealth.
He'd like to donate to her work, but she's uneasy about where that cash is actually coming from. But she's also struck by how his employees are well taken care of. “She's surprised to find that the workers there have tremendous rights, housing, health care, and education. They are being supported very well by this manufacturer of munitions.”
Usher noted that Shaw liked to explore issues and problems in his day, and examine both sides of an issue.
The play is also something of a comedy, too. “It's very witty – the comedy also lies in how seriously the people take each other and take themselves. There's a lot of irony, wit and debate that goes on in the play as well.”
Usher said Major Barbara has been a show he's wanted to bring to the stage for years. “I've seen several productions of it in the past, and it's always been on my list of want-to-do plays,” he explained. “It's a tremendous challenge for actors – it's got great characters and the speech and dialogue are also so clever and dense. There was also the dialect to tackle as well.
A few local Salvationists are also taking part in the production, including Major Larry Bridger of the Red Deer Salvation Army church.
Major Barbara originally premiered in 1905.
Tickets are available through Black Knight Ticket Centre – visit www.blackknightinn.ca.
(Adds Breakingviews link)
March 29 Dr. Scott Gottlieb, President Donald Trump's nominee to lead the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, has outlined measures he would take to untangle his ties to the pharmaceutical industry if confirmed by the Senate.
In an ethics disclosure form filed with the Department of Health and Human Services on Tuesday, Gottlieb said he would resign from multiple corporate boards including GlaxoSmithKline Plc and consulting positions.
Gottlieb's financial ties to the healthcare industry are extensive. If confirmed he has agreed to recuse himself from matters in which he has a financial interest and divest his holdings in about 20 mostly small healthcare companies.
Gottlieb, 44, is widely expected to be confirmed, though his pharmaceutical ties are likely to be scrutinized by Democrats. For the past decade he has been a partner at New Enterprise Associates, a large venture capital fund with investments in the life sciences.
He would also resign from his position at the investment firm T.R. Winston & Co, and said he would not perform any consulting work while running the agency or participate in any matter involving previous clients for a year after last providing services to a client.
Gottlieb, a resident fellow at the conservative American Enterprise Institute think tank, is viewed favorably by the drug industry. He would be responsible for implementing key elements in the recently passed 21st Century Cures Act, which calls on the agency to streamline the drug approval process.
(Reporting by Toni Clarke in Washington; Editing by Jeffrey Benkoe)
Swiss National Bank could cut rates more if needed - Jordan
BERN, June 15 The Swiss National Bank (SNB) on Thursday left the door open to pushing interest rates further into negative territory if needed after it maintained its ultra-loose monetary policy.
Australian and New Zealand anti-doping experts have met in Canberra to discuss new ways to support clean athletes and detect doping in the region.
Representatives from the Australian Sports Anti-Doping Authority (ASADA) and Drug Free Sport New Zealand (DFSNZ) came together to share key trends, as well as outcomes and challenges across education, intelligence, investigations and testing.
Among the key topics discussed were new approaches to building anti-doping capacity in the region, the use of innovative technologies in education to prevent doping and support athletes to stay clean, and ways to strengthen the voice of athletes in anti-doping in each country.
Others included the risk of supplements to athletes, whistleblower systems and support, ways to target the distributors and suppliers of performance and image enhancing drugs in the region, and ways to enhance intelligence through collaboration with law enforcement.
"The pursuit of clean sport is a global issue," DFSNZ chief executive Nick Paterson said.
"Our clean athletes in New Zealand deserve the chance to compete on a level playing field regardless of where they compete in the world, or who they compete against.
"For that reason, it is crucial that anti-doping organisations work together to enhance their operations and learn from one another.
"In that context, I am very pleased to have such a strong partnership with ASADA, whereby we share resources, intelligence and information for the benefit of clean sport."
Representatives from ASADA and DFSNZ came together to share key trends, as well as outcomes and challenges across education, intelligence, investigations and testing ©ASADA/Twitter
ASADA chief executive David Sharpe added: "Many of the opportunities and challenges facing ASADA are shared by other anti-doping agencies around the world.
"For this reason, it is vital that we work with dedicated and sophisticated partners like DFSNZ.
"This collaboration will enable both ASADA and DFSNZ to pool their resources and expertise in developing innovative approaches to education, intelligence and detection, ultimately for the benefit of athletes in both Australia and New Zealand.
"We are extremely fortunate to be able to draw on the expertise and experience of our DFSNZ counterparts, and look forward to the continuation of this invaluable partnership."
The inaugural meeting between ASADA and DFSNZ is considered a milestone in strengthening the intent of both agencies to collaborate towards protecting clean sport in Australia and New Zealand now and into the future.
Last month, ASADA and the Sri Lankan Anti-Doping Agency (SLADA) signed a Memorandum of Understanding.
The agreement, which has the official support of the World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA), will see the two authorities share information, resources and experiences in the fight against doping.
It was signed in Colombo by Sharpe and SLADA director general Seevali Jayawickrame.
Sharpe said both groups share a "deep commitment" to clean sport, with the tie-up coming at WADA's Asia and Oceania regional meetings in the Sri Lankan capital.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
(Update with reaction from lobby group Finance Norway)
April 5 Norway's Finance Ministry said on Wednesday:
* Insurance companies should be allowed to hold stakes bigger than 15 percent in other companies
* Says liberalising insurer rules would allow investment of pension funds in infrastructure such as in transportation and energy
* Says financial regulator (FSA) will be asked to draft a plan to change the rules currently preventing insurers from owning more than 15 percent of non-insurance companies
* Draft from FSA should be presented by June 1 and will be sent on a round of hearings to relevant institutions
* Says new capital requirements that have been introduced in recent years made the old restrictions less relevant
* In a separate statement, lobby group Finance Norway said new rules would be positive both for pensions savers and Norwegian infrastructure
* Finance Norway said investment in infrastructure is well suited for the life insurers' need to invest for the long term, and with stable returns and low risks, and that infrastructure investment has proved to be less affected by financial turmoil than other assets Finance Ministry text in Norwegian: bit.ly/2najk1U Further company coverage: (Reporting by Terje Solsvik, editing by Camilla Knudsen)
FRANKFURT Prosecutors in the German city of Cologne are cooperating with Dutch authorities investigating tax fraud and money laundering, a spokesman for the prosecutor's office said on Friday.
"We have launched an investigation against clients of a bank," the spokesman said, declining to identify the lender.
Credit Suisse, Switzerland's second biggest bank, said earlier on Friday local authorities in Amsterdam, Paris and London had visited its offices concerning client tax matters, adding that it was cooperating with the probe.
The Dutch office for financial crimes (FIOD) said on Friday the coordinated raids had been prompted by a tip-off about 55,000 suspect accounts of a Swiss bank.
(Reporting by Matthias Inverardi, writing by Edward Taylor; Editing by Gareth Jones)
Austin police just confirmed what residents have feared for weeks — a suspected serial bomber is attacking their city.
For the fourth time this month, a device exploded on Austin residents. What makes Sunday night's blast especially terrifying is that the device was left on the side of a residential road and triggered by a tripwire, police said Monday.
Investigators have found similarities between that device and three previous bombs, which were stuffed inside packages and left on residents' doorsteps, Austin Police Chief Brian Manley said.
“We are clearly dealing with what we expect to be a serial bomber at this point,” he said.
Timeline of the bombings
The latest device — which was triggered by a tripwire — shows “a higher level of sophistication, a higher level of skill,” he said.
And unlike the victims of the previous blasts, the two men wounded in Sunday's explosion are white, Austin police said. Both men are expected to recover.
Latest developments
Police departments in Houston and San Antonio are sending bomb technicians and canine teams to Austin to help in the investigation, their police chiefs said Monday.
President Donald Trump has been briefed on the Austin bombings, a White House spokesman said Monday, adding the White House pledges its support to local law enforcement.
Three members of the Congressional Black Caucus called Monday for federal officials to classify the bombings as terrorist attacks and determine whether they are “ideologically or racially motivated.”
Texas Gov. Greg Abbott announced more than $265,000 in emergency funding for police to purchase seven portable X-ray systems for use in detecting bombs and investigating suspicious packages.
The Travis Country neighborhood of Austin was on lockdown Monday, Manley said, as authorities investigate the pieces of evidence strewn across a wide area.
Manley asked anyone in the neighborhood with security camera footage to call police.
The Austin public school district says it couldn't send buses to the affected neighborhood Monday because of police activity.
An indiscriminate wake-up call
Many minority residents in Austin have been on edge since the bombings started, as the first three bombings killed or wounded minorities.
Several residents under lockdown Monday said they were stunned the latest attack happened in their neighborhood.
Unlike the first three bombings, which happened in east Austin, the latest attack happened in a predominantly white part of town.
Eliza May said because the first three bombings happening on the east side of the city, in predominantly minority areas, she hadn't been following the news closely.
May said that as a resident of the affluent Travis Country neighborhood, she assumed she had nothing to worry about.
“We feel safe. This isn't something that you'd expect around here,” May said.
Now, “it's obvious that you have to be alert.”
“This was a random bomb,” she said. “This could have been any one of us.”
Neighbor Shonda Mace said the bombing “is going to be (a) life-changing event for our neighborhood.”
“I'm scared about what's going to happen next,” she said.
Tripwire could give clues
“The use of a tripwire is far less discriminating than leaving parcel bombs at residences and suggests that the latest victims were not specifically targeted,” the global think tank Stratfor Threat Lens said.
“The device's success, despite significantly different design, further suggests that the bomb maker behind these attacks is an accomplished one, and has likely to have received some training, perhaps as a military or police explosive ordnance disposal technician.”
Austin bombings: Live updates
“As the bomb maker changes up design and geography, all residents of Austin and surrounding areas should avoid suspicious items,” Stratfor Threat Lens said.
‘Extra level of vigilance' needed
The latest blast came less than a week after police said the three previous explosions — in a span of 10 days — were connected. Those blasts killed a man and a teenager, and wounded two others.
The victims in those three explosions were African-American or Hispanic. Police have not discovered a motive, but have not ruled out the possibility those bombings could be hate crimes.
Police are working under the belief that the explosions are related. Manley said they'll get a better idea with a post-blast analysis and examination of the device components.
In the meantime, Manley told residents not to touch or go near anything that looks suspicious.
“We now need the community to have an extra level of vigilance and pay attention to any suspicious device — whether it be a package or a bag, a backpack — anything that looks out of place,” Manley said Monday. “Do not approach items like that.”
More resources for police
Texas Gov. Greg Abbott announced the release of $265,500 in emergency funding Monday for the Austin Police Department and the Texas Ranger Response Team to purchase seven portable X-ray systems.
The systems can be used at the scene and provide “clear visual evidence for rapid assessment of a package's safety,” the governor's office said.
“I want to ensure everyone in the Austin region and the entire state that Texas is committed to providing every resource necessary to make sure these crimes are solved as quickly as possible,” Abbott said in a statement.
Other Texas law enforcement agencies are contributing resources as well.
The Houston police department said Monday it's sending several teams to Austin to help with the investigation. They include bomb technicians, an explosive ordnance disposal team, and an explosives-trained dog and handler, Chief Art Acevedo said Monday.
“We stand with the Austin Police Department,” Acevedo said.
The San Antonio Police Department dispatched two bomb technicians and a bomb dog to Austin on Monday morning, Police Chief William McManus said.
Shortly before the fourth bombing, the reward for information leading to the arrest of anyone responsible for the three blasts increased to a total of $115,000, authorities said.
Officials have urged residents to call police with any tips they may have, even if the information seems to be “inconsequential.”
Nintendo Spotlight also brings exciting news on the development of a Pokémon RPG for the Switch
Published 11:46 PM, June 13, 2017
MANILA, Philippines – Nintendo's presentation for the 2017 Electronic Entertainment Expo (E3 2017), Nintendo Spotlight, began at 12:00 midnight of Wednesday, June 14, Philippine time.
With the Spotlight itself lasting under 30 minutes, Nintendo packed it full of games slated for the Switch in 2017, along with some surprises and 2018 titles thrown in as well.
Nintendo opened its presentation with an action-packed show of titles for some of the Switch's major released or upcoming titles, namely Arms, Rocket League, Pokken Tournament DX, and Splatoon 2.
This was quickly folllowed by some new trailers for Xenoblade Chronicles 2, which is slated for a Holiday 2017 release, and a new Kirby game, which was slated for 2018.
Also mentioned during an interlude was a development many were hoping for: Game Freak is working on a core Pokémon RPG game for the Nintendo Switch! Tsunekazu Ishihara from The Pokémon Company added, "It may not release for more than a year, but we hope you'll look forward to it all the same."
There were also trailers for Yoshi for the Nintendo Switch, as well as a Metroid Prime 4 announcement trailer stating it was in development for the Switch.
Nintendo and Koei Tecmo, meanwhile have a Warriors game that will take let you take Fire Emblem characters into battles, and it's called Fire Emblem Warriors. Fire Emblem Warriors is slated for a Fall 2017 release.
Fans of The Legend Of Zelda: Breath of the Wild, meanwhile will be able to enjoy a number of expansion packs for the game.
Ubisoft also premiered more footage for Mario + Rabbids: Kingdom Battle, which will be available on August 29.
This was soon followed by news that the Switch version of Rocket League would come with cross-platform functionality, allowing Switch gamers to take on players from other platforms.
Finally, Super Mario Odyssey capped off Nintendo Spotlight with an announcement trailer saying it would release October 27. – Rappler.com
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
INDIANAPOLIS – A woman who was badly burned in an accident is receiving international attention after an interaction she had with a curious orangutan at the Indianapolis Zoo, according to WXIN.
Darci Miller was working in her backyard on May 5, 2015 when she tried to clear out some garbage by burning it, accidentally igniting some gas fumes in the process.
She was hospitalized for three weeks and underwent multiple surgeries.
"I was in a coma for nine days," Miller said.
The majority of the burns were on her upper arms, chest and face. She recovered well, and she was eventually allowed to go home as long as she was under 24-hour care.
She's had numerous surgeries since then in order to get more range of motion in her neck and arms.
On June 14, 2017, she traveled to Indianapolis with her fiancé Jason Costello for an appointment at the burn center. They had some free time, so they decided to go to the Indianapolis Zoo. Miller told WXIN it had been years since she last visited the zoo, so she wanted to check out the new orangutan exhibit.
That's where Miller met Rocky. The orangutan appeared to be fascinated with Miller and her injuries.
"He immediately spotted me and came over to the window and was very engulfed in everything I had going on," said Miller. "It was kind of a guessing game. He was just pointing to everything so I was just showing him the bandages on my neck, and my tattoos and the burns on my arms."
One of the zookeepers told Miller that Rocky is very inquisitive, and he's very interested by tattoos or anything out of the ordinary.
Miller told WXIN she was thinking, “There is no way this is possible. Is this real?”
Miller says she spent 20 minutes in the exhibit interacting with Rocky. She left with Costello to explore other areas of the zoo, but they stopped by the orangutan exhibit one last time before leaving. She said Rocky immediately came to the window to greet them, and it was clear he recognized her.
Miller says the past few years have definitely been filled with ups and downs, and this interaction was definitely one of the ups.
“This day made me feel really good about myself,” Miller said.
Zoo officials have also seen the video. A spokesperson issued the following statement about the interaction between Rocky and Miller:
"Like all orangutans, Rocky is observant and curious. Our orangutans eagerly interact and communicate with people they know well, such as their caregivers. Rocky is a bit different. He regularly interacts with people he may not know. The exchange in the video is a great example of this. Rocky is communicating with the woman in the video, and shows a clear sense of urgency when he gestures towards her injury. We can't say what was going through his mind at the time, but his behavior demonstrates strong interest and concern. There is no doubt that this was an important interaction for him, and his gestures to the woman clearly communicate that."
The attention is nothing new for Rocky. The 12-year-old orangutan has gotten national attention for mimicking human sounds, the first known orangutan to do so. He's also had a photo shoot where he was paired up with the singer Fergie.
Miller said she has offered to help firefighters show young students the dangers of fire. She's also looking forward to meeting Rocky again and seeing if she gets a similar reaction.
UPDATE 3-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE, June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced his retirement after failing to win the conglomerate's CEO job.
It has been a stormy afternoon for some in South Mississippi, but for later tonight we will have rain chances drop to just a slight chance with a good amount of cloud cover overhead as temperatures only fall to the 60s.
A woman who was beaten unconscious by her husband while she was pregnant says shes relieved he has been jailed for three years.
Muhammed Tajik, a martial arts fighter from Afghanistan, attacked Susan Walmsley in their Dublin 6 apartment two years ago.
A martial arts fighter has been jailed for three years for beating his pregnant wife unconscious in a Dublin flat in Dec 2015. The court heard he was angry because she'd started a new job and he attacked her following an argument over a burnt pizza. — Frank Greaney (@FrankGreaney) December 11, 2017
The court heard he broke her jaw after flying into a rage over a burnt pizza.
Susan gave this reaction to the sentence outside court afterwards:
(Adds William Blair's comment)
May 2 William Blair & Company has agreed to pay $4.5 million to settle charges of payment errors and disclosure failure, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission said on Monday.
William Blair settled charges that it used its funds assets to pay brokers instead of using its own assets or having a written plan allowing it to pay the brokers with fund assets. (bit.ly/2oRbBqg)
The payment errors cost the funds approximately $1.25 million, which William Blair has since paid back to the funds plus interest, according to the SEC.
William Blair said in a statement, "When the firm became aware of the errors, we promptly reimbursed the funds with interest, confirmed that no shareholders were harmed and cooperated fully with the SEC throughout the entire process."
The SEC order also found that the Chicago-based company failed to disclose to its board that it was retaining a fee from investors. (bit.ly/2p2KRzj) (Reporting by Parikshit Mishra in Bengaluru; Editing by Lisa Shumaker)
Watchdog: New Zealand spied for years on Pacific neighbors
WELLINGTON, New Zealand (AP) — A watchdog office said Wednesday that New Zealand spied for years on its South Pacific neighbors and passed collected information to the U.S. and other allies.
But the watchdog overseeing New Zealand's spy agencies did not recommend any changes after concluding the spy agency, which collected the data, was acting within the law.
The report released by Cheryl Gwyn, the inspector-general of intelligence and security, found that the Government Communications Security Bureau (GCSB) collected bulk data from satellites from South Pacific countries between 2009 and 2015.
Gwyn found that some of that data was shared with spy agencies from New Zealand's "Five Eyes" allies: the U.S., Canada, Britain and Australia.
The inspector-general's report was prompted by documents leaked by former U.S. National Security Agency contractor Edward Snowden, which indicated the GCSB was collecting data in the South Pacific.
That led to complaints from some New Zealanders worried that their private communications might have been intercepted. Gwyn found no evidence that had happened. Still, her report shines some light into the typically secretive world of spying.
Gwyn's report does not name any specific countries that the GCSB collected data from, and doesn't address whether the spying continued after 2015. Gwyn noted that for legal reasons, she wasn't able to mention everything she had found out, including disclosing information that might compromise the ongoing performance of an intelligence agency.
Gwyn found in her report that some Pacific nations are dependent on satellites, rather than undersea cables, to connect with the rest of the world and that information can be intercepted from satellite links.
She said there were laws in place that enabled the GCSB to collect such signals to protect New Zealand's interests in the South Pacific, and she found no evidence that the bureau had operated beyond the law, except inadvertently in a couple of instances, which were identified and then fixed.
Gywn noted that the GCSB was legally required to destroy data it had collected that wasn't directly relevant to its particular mission. But she noted that when data was forwarded to partner agencies, it meant the GCSB was reliant on those other agencies to apply restrictions and controls.
April 5 Coca-Cola Icecek A.S.:
* Said on Tuesday that it completed evaluation to buy stake in Coca-Cola Beverages Africa (CCBA) from The Coca-Cola Company (TCCC)
* Concluded that other future regional opportunities would potentially be a better strategic fit for the company
* To continue to engage with TCCC to identify appropriate territorial expansion opportunities in other geographies but will not be submitting an offer for CCBA
Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
April 12 Wolong Real Estate Group Co Ltd :
* Says it will pay cash dividend of 0.05 yuan(before tax)/share for 2016 to shareholders of record on April 17
* The company's shares will be traded ex-right and ex-dividend on April 18 and the dividend will be paid on April 18
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/kDKuWU
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Panel calls intel assessment on Russia meddling 'sound'
Photo: Evan Vucci, AP Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 President Donald Trump speaks during a meeting with Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte in the Oval Office of the White House, Monday, July 2, 2018, in Washington. A Senate committee said Tuesday that U.S. intelligence agencies' assessment of Russian activities during the 2016 presidential election was based on "sound" analysis not swayed by politics.
less President Donald Trump speaks during a meeting with Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte in the Oval Office of the White House, Monday, July 2, 2018, in Washington. A Senate committee said Tuesday that U.S. ... more Photo: Evan Vucci, AP Panel calls intel assessment on Russia meddling 'sound' 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
WASHINGTON (AP) — A Senate committee said Tuesday that U.S. intelligence agencies' assessment of Russian activities during the 2016 presidential election was based on "sound" analysis not swayed by politics.
The January 2017 intelligence assessment said Russian activities in the run-up to the presidential election represented a "significant escalation" in a long history of Russian attempts to interfere in U.S. domestic politics, the committee said.
The intelligence agencies found that Russians had engaged in cyber-espionage and distributed messages through Russian-controlled propaganda outlets to undermine public faith in the democratic process, "denigrate" Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton and develop a "clear preference" for Donald Trump.
The Senate intelligence committee's report comes as Trump continues to cast doubt on whether Russians interfered in the presidential election. Late last month, Trump tweeted: "Russia continues to say they had nothing to do with Meddling in our Election!"
The report also comes two weeks before Trump is scheduled to meet with Russian President Vladimir Putin in Helsinki, Finland.
The committee said it perused thousands of pages of documents and conducted interviews with relevant parties that helped the CIA, FBI and National Security Agency compile its review about Russian meddling.
Committee chairman Sen. Richard Burr, R-N.C., said the panel spent 16 months reviewing the sources, tradecraft and analytic work underpinning the intelligence community assessment and sees "no reason to dispute the conclusions."
"In all the interviews of those who drafted and prepared the ICA (intelligence community assessment), the committee heard consistently that analysts were under no politically motivated pressure to reach any conclusions," the committee said.
Virginia Sen. Mark Warner, the ranking Democrat on the committee, said the panel thoroughly reviewed all aspects of the intelligence agencies' work leading up to its assessment.
"The Russian effort was extensive and sophisticated, and its goals were to undermine public faith in the democratic process, to hurt Secretary Clinton and to help Donald Trump," Warner said.
Earlier this year, Republicans on the House intelligence committee concluded there was no collusion or coordination between Trump's presidential campaign and Russia. Democrats on the House panel sharply disagreed, saying the Republican-controlled panel had not interviewed enough witnesses or gathered enough evidence to make a definitive assessment.
The Super Bowl is the most watched event every year on TV and that means plenty of people who don't care about football are tuning in, or joining friends for a Big Game gathering. The NFL knows this and so do the sportsbooks and that's why the pregame and half-time entertainment is important and so are the associated prop bets, according to sister site Covers.com.
People won and lost money last year depending on what color hair Lady Gaga sported during the halftime show and by how many times the TV cameras turned to Gisele Bundchen during the game broadcast.
The prop wagers this year range from what will New England Patriots' head coach Bill Belichick be wearing on the sidelines (my money's on the cut-off hoodie) to how many times will Al Michaels and Cris Collinsworth say “Gronk” during the game.
Here's a look at the craziest and most fun prop bets on the board at BetDSI and our feeble attempt at handicapping them.
Halftime
Justin Timberlake returns to the Super Bowl halftime show for the first time since the infamous wardrobe malfunction involving Janet Jackson in 2004. JT is out to prove he's no boob (sorry) by giving a performance your pastor will love as much as your teenage niece.
Bettors can take a stab as to what song will open Timberlake's show:
Can't Stop The Feeling! +150
Sexyback +175
Rock Your Body +400
Cry Me A River +500
Mirrors +550
Filthy +750
True Colors +800
Love Never Felt So Good +900
What Goes Around…Comes Around +1000
Senorita +1250
Suit & Tie +1500
Field – Any Other Song +200
He performed Can't Stop the Feeling! At the Oscars last year and the song was his first to hit No. 1 on the Billboard Top 100 in over 10 years when it topped in 2016. The Super Bowl is about playing the hits and usually condensed versions to fit as many songs into the limited amount of time given.
Rock Your Body was the tune being performed when JT upper-body pantsed Janet Jackson, so he might want to nip (sorry) it in the bud and avoid the song altogether. SexyBack or Can't Stop the Feeling! seem like the logical choices.
You can also bet the Yes/No on appearances made by other Timberlake performing friends like Britney Spears (Yes +300, No -500), Janet Jackson (Yes +400, No -500), Jay-Z (Yes +300, No -500), Madonna (Yes +400, No -600) or any member of JT's old boy band NSYNC (Yes +150, No -180).
If Britney made an appearance and there was another costume failure, would the headline on the back page of the New York Post be “Oops I Did It Again”?
Broadcast Booth
More and more play-by-play people are paying attention to pointspreads and totals, but Uncle Al has been on this corner since Sean McDonough was calling Syracuse Chiefs games. Bettors can gamble on if Al Michaels will say “underdog” (Yes -1000, No +450), “odds” (Yes -1000, No +450), “pointspread” (Yes +360, No -500) or “Vegas” (+Yes 240, No -300) while calling the contest.
Michaels has described his attention to the odds involving football games as his rascal tendency. My money is on gambling references early and often from the booth.
President Trump
Say what you will about the 45th President of the United States, but he is nothing if not interesting. One week everyone's talking about Fake News awards the next it's about Stormy Daniels and whether President Trump really did order a pizza with tiny pizzas as the toppings.
You can bet on whether Trump will attend the Super Bowl (Yes +360, No -500), if he'll do a pregame interview with NBC (Yes +360, No -500) and on how many times he tweets during the game – the over/underline is set at 5.5.
Commercials
Peyton Manning retired from the NFL but he has graduated to company pitch man. He was in plenty of commercials during his playing days and he stuck the landing by giving an undercover promotion to Budweiser in his final game as a pro.
Oddsmakers have set the over/underline at 2.5 in the amount of TV commercials featuring Manning air during the telecast.
Postgame
The forced Gatorade bath for the winning head coach has become a Super Bowl staple. Sportsbooks have long posted odds on what color spills out at the end of the game. The options are:
Clear (water) +200
Green/Yellow +300
Red +500
Blue +500
Orange +750
No liquid thrown +1500
The Pats sudden-death victory in overtime last year meant no shower for Bill Belichick. Since 2000, water has been dumped seven times, orange five; yellow two, blue one and four finishes without a Gatorade bath.
Awwww Factor
Finally, multiple sportsbooks are allowing bettors to wager on the 14th annual Puppy Bowl on Animal Planet which pits Team Fluff (-115) against Team Ruff (-115). If you're not familiar, watch and learn.
Team Ruff has won two of the last three years but Team Fluff did win last year. That's the type of trends and handicapping expertise our readers expect from us.
Editor's note: This is piece was originally published on Covers.com, a sister site also owned by Tribune.
Budget Cuts Will Cripple Montana's Already Overburdened Public Defenders, Attorneys Say
This week, lawmakers are considering how to fund the Office of the State Public Defender, that provides legal counsel to people who couldn't otherwise afford it.
During the last two days of hearings, attorneys from across the state gathered in a small third floor room in the Capitol, telling lawmakers about budget cuts that they say are adding to their already burdened work.
"My stress is through the roof."
This is Alisha Backus, she's a public defender in Kalispell. She's been on the job for about a year and a half. During that time a statewide budget crunch has pushed the Public Defender Commission to outline cuts to offset an anticipated $3.5 million shortfall — that's about 5 percent of the Office of the Public Defender biennium budget.
Some of those cost savings come in the form of hiring freezes, moving around discretionary funds, or proposed legislation that will free up attorneys' time to work on other cases.
The Commission's plan also limits the use of outside contractors to help with public defenders workloads.
"Part of this mitigation means that I take all cases; I take misdemeanors, I take felonies, I take every type of felony, I take involuntary commitments, adoption, dependency neglect cases, and also guardianship and juvenile cases," Backus says. "In fact, I am assigned right now lead council to a deliberate homicide case, with a year and a half experience."
Backus and at least half a dozen public defenders spoke in front of panel seven lawmakers Monday and Tuesday, who are in charge of reviewing budgets in the state's justice system.
"The biggest challenge we have is simply the number of cases coming into the system," says Chief Public Defender Bill Hooks.
"The biggest challenge we have is simply the number of cases coming into the system."
Hook says public defenders have no control over the number cases they have to work on. Montana law requires that if someone can't afford an attorney, the state will provide one.
And right now, caseloads are growing. Hook says courts are especially seeing an increase in the number of criminal and child abuse and neglect cases. He says abuse and neglect cases have increased 50 percent the last two years:
That growth as some public defenders worried that they won't be able to ethically continue doing their job.
"It's a concern to everybody in OPD, because if the volume of work is too excessive, we fear that we are providing less than the level of ethical representation that is required."
Hook says, in some cases, if a court determines that public defenders didn't do a good enough job, it could mean the whole trial has to be done over again.
"It's a concern to everybody in OPD, because if the volume of work is too excessive, we fear that we are providing less than the level of ethical representation that is required."
Other attorneys fear their current workload burden could end up costing them their license to practice law:
"We're not giving effective, competent representation, and that is required by our constitution. This is important, you've got to fund us," says Nicole Gallagher, a public defender in Billings.
Gallagher says she handles felony cases, and currently has about 80 she's working on. She says she'll turn over that caseload several times a year, exceeding the yearly workload limit of 150 felony cases prescribed by the American Bar Association.
"If I'm not giving competent, effective representation, that is a license issue, and I lose my license. And then you have another poor person out there who needs help and can't afford it."
When public defenders can't represent every defendant in a single case, for conflict of interest reasons, or when they just have too much work, public defenders sometimes get help from outside attorneys.
But, under the budget cuts outlined by the Public Defender's Commission, some of that outside contracting would stop. And in some places that's already happening.
Again, Nicole Gallagher:
"This mitigation plan has eliminated the contract positions, which means that all of the cases that would have gone to contract attorneys — there was some 62 in my region before this mitigation plan — now come in-house. That is absolutely outrageous for anyone to try to give effective and competent service."
There are currently a handful of bills moving through the legislature that aim at easing caseload burdens and shifting around resources to help the office of public defender keep up with its work.
Throughout the legislative session, officials in a variety of agencies within state's justice system have told lawmakers that rising caseloads are burdening their workers.
After the first day of hearings, Democratic Representative Kimberly Dudik took a moment to address the small crowd of public attorneys gather in the Capitol hearing room. She's one of the legislators in charge of reviewing the office of public defender budget, and deciding how the office gets funded.
"It's not that we don't hear what you're saying, because we hear what you're saying. But, as you see, we have no money in the state budget," Dudik said. "We can't just keep hiring more employees, so we're trying to figure out how do we make the agency function and give you the resources you need."
Lawmakers are expected to vote on the funding of the Office of the State Public Defender, Thursday.
TRENTON – Austin Lacey won his weight class and helped lead the Greenville wrestling team to a third place finish in the Edgewood Invitational this past weekend.
Lacey won the 120 pound weight class. He began the tournament by pinning Simon Kenton's David Hoover in 2:49, he pinned Colerain's Quandai Davis in 47 seconds, he beat Milford's Maxwell Ward and then pinned Wilmington's Sam Eastes in 1:11.
The Green Wave's Andrew Stachler finished third in the 106 pound division. He pinned Piqua's Cain Weimer in 1:05, pinned Colerain's Jordan West in 2:52, was pinned by Edgewood's Josh Miller in 1:36, pinned Monroe's Caleb Welsh in 1:35 and beat Colerain's Jordan West 8-4.
Greenville's Dean Hurd finished fourth in the 132 pound division. He beat Miamisburg's Grant Middleton 4-1, pinned Indian Hill's Brent Krebs in 47 seconds, was pinned by Piqua's Sam Herndon in 1:54, beat Colerain's Casey Cronin 7-1 and lost by a 17-0 technical fall to Monroe's Sam Price.
The Wave's Jacob Mikesell finished fourth in the 145 pound class. He pinned Franklin's Tyler Dishun in 1:17, pinned Brookville's Devon Myers in 4:00, lost 12-7 to Preble Shawnee's Travis Howard, beat Milford's Mason Roy 8-1 and lost 8-6 to Simon Kenton's Richter Morgan.
Greenville's Jacob Goldsmith finished fourth in the 152 pound division. He pinned Tri-County North's Josh Finfrock in 1:40, won an 11-1 major decision against Wilmington's Dalton Garrison, was pinned by Simon Kenton's Josh Geiser in 1:53, beat Franklin's Evan Harris 4-2 and lost 5-3 to Troy's Carlos Quintero.
The Green Wave's Zane Mancillas finished sixth in the 170 pound class. He pinned Dayton Christian's Thomas Williamitis in 1:05, pinned National Trail's Owen Cook in 2:16, pinned Milford's Justin Bell in 5:36, lost an 18-9 major decision to Franklin's Gage Johnson, was pinned by Monroe's Will Striet in 4:05 and lost 12-7 to Troy's Frankie Hoening.
In the 113 pound division Greenville's Drayk Kallenberger pinned Little Miami's Tyler Bradbury in 3:50, was pinned by Miamisburg's Collin Lovett in 3:28, won a 16-2 major decision against National Trail's Payton Mann and lost a 20-8 major decision to Hamilton's Nick Feaver.
In the 195 pound class the Green Wave's Tytan Grote was pinned by Madison's Zach Banks in 4:43, pinned Carlisle's Ernie Bray in 55 seconds, pinned Edgewood's Nick Herbst in 43 seconds and was pinned by Little Miami's Grant Frith in 2:03.
In the 126 pound division the Wave's Michael Cline was pinned by Dayton Christian's Luke Evans in 1:41, pinned Madison's Logan Jordan in 1:55, pinned Talawanda's Arthur De Boer in 44 seconds and lost in a 16-0 technical fall to Little Miami's Nick Dye.
In the 285 pound division Greenville's Zachary Foster beat Tri-County North's Blade Root 8-2, was pinned by Preble Shawnee's Ty Stevenson in 1:08 and lost 7-5 to Preble Shawnee's Bryce Abner.
In the 182 pound division the Wave's Hayden Sharp was pinned by Miamisburg's Sebastian Beachler in 1:53 and was pinned by Talawanda's Clayton Detherage in 3:59.
In the 220 pound class the Green wave's Colton McCartney was pinned by Little Miami's Ben Blevins in 1:11, pinned Dixie's Ashton Cassity in 3:54 and lost 7-5 to Piqua's Lance Reeves.
In the 138 pound division Greenville's Riley Slade was pinned by Tri-County North's Chayse Eby in 3:42 and was pinned by Troy's Carson DeHart in 1:39.
As a team, Greenville finished third out of 28 schools with 141 points. The Wave finished behind champion Miamisburg and runner-up Little Miami.
For complete results from the Edgewood Invitational, visit http://www.baumspage.com/wr/wrevent.php?peventID=31&table=C.
Greenville's Austin Lacey won the 120 pound weight class at the Edgewood Invitational wrestling tournament. Greenville's Austin Lacey won the 120 pound weight class at the Edgewood Invitational wrestling tournament. Rob Kiser | AIM Media Midwest
By Kyle Shaner kshaner@aimmediamidwest.com
Kyle Shaner may be reached at 937-569-4316. Follow me on Twitter @KShanerAdvocate or get updates on Facebook by searching Darke County Sports or Advocate 360. For more features online go to dailyadvocate.com.
Kyle Shaner may be reached at 937-569-4316. Follow me on Twitter @KShanerAdvocate or get updates on Facebook by searching Darke County Sports or Advocate 360. For more features online go to dailyadvocate.com.
The culling operations are extended from the initial 3 days to 6 days, with the target completion date moved to Thursday, August 17
Published 5:50 PM, August 14, 2017
MANILA, Philippines – More than 18,000 birds have been culled so far in San Luis, Pampanga, which has been hit by an avian influenza or bird flu outbreak.
In a news briefing on Monday, August 14, Arlene Vytiaco of the Bureau of Animal Industry (BAI) said 18,685 birds have been culled as of Sunday night, August 13. The culling operations began on Saturday, August 12, a day after the Department of Agriculture (DA) announced that there is an outbreak.
The DA earlier estimated that 200,000 birds would have to be culled within the quarantine zone, which covers all birds within a one-kilometer (km) radius of the affected farms.
"Para klaro, 'yung ground zero do'n natin nililibing lahat ng manok, and then 'yung one-km [radius] lahat 'yung buhay na manok pati manok na tinali, ibon, ducks, pigeons, quails – all of these will have to be culled," said Agriculture Secretary Emmanuel Piñol in the news briefing on Monday.
(To be clear, the culled chickens will be buried at ground zero, and then within the one-km radius, all of the live chickens, birds, ducks, pigeons, quails – all of these will have to be culled.)
Within the 7-km zone for surveillance, the birds will not be culled, clarified Piñol.
"Within the 7-km radius, we will not kill the chicken or the poultry or the turkey... but we will not allow the transport of the fowls and the products – meat, eggs – from outside of the 7 km to other parts of Pampanga or other parts of Luzon," he said.
Piñol also announced earlier that fowl shipments from Luzon to other parts of the Philippines are temporarily banned. He described this on Monday as a "precautionary measure."
"Merong misconception na lahat ng manok na galing ng Pampanga, bawal [kainin] (There's a misconception that all chickens from Pampanga are not safe for consumption). It's not true," the agriculture chief said.
"Outside of that, business as usual, puwera lang na 'di pwede ilabas ng Luzon... precautionary measure lang ito (except that they cannot be transported out of Luzon... but this is just a precautionary measure)."
Culling target date moved
The culling operations were supposed to last 3 days, but Vytiaco and Piñol said they would have to extend until Thursday, August 17.
"This will run about 5 to 6 days. Ang naging problema namin dito, manpower, 'yung tao na hahawak (The problem we're encountering is manpower, the people who would be in charge of the culling)," Vytiaco said.
Vytiaco explained that there are usually 4,500 to 6,000 birds per cage, with just one door.
"Kaya po ang challenge dito, ang layo-layo ng lalakbayin ng caretaker [para kunin ang mga ibon and] lahat ng miyembro ng culling team dapat properly attired ... Ang init-init, maski po ang caretakers ganyan din, so init na init sila. Madali silang mapagod kaya they have to rest din in between, otherwise mag-co-collapse sila," she said.
(The challenge here is the caretaker and the culling team would take a while to reach all the birds, and all the members of the culling team have to be in proper attire... The weather is so hot, even the caretakers have to wear the proper attire, so they really feel hot. They get tired easily so they also have to rest in between, otherwise they would collapse.)
Piñol also noted that there is still low awareness of bird flu and its effects, which is why even farmworkers themselves are afraid.
"'Yun pong tumama sa San Luis na bird flu ay hindi po 'yung klaseng nakakahawa mula sa manok papuntang tao ... Sa ating mga kababayan, 'wag po kayong matakot," the agriculture chief said.
(The type of bird flu that hit San Luis is not the type that can be transmitted to humans... To our fellow Filipinos, do not be afraid.)
Impact on livelihood
While Piñol emphasized there is nothing to fear in terms of transmission or infection, he said the government is aware that farmers would be the ones suffering financially because of the bird flu outbreak.
"Devastating 'tong epekto nito not only for the farmers of San Luis but for the farmers of Pampanga as well kasi nandoon 'yung stigma… matatakot 'yung mga tao bumili," Piñol said.
(The effects of this outbreak would be devastating not only for the farmers of San Luis but for the farmers of Pampanga as well because the stigma is there... the public would be afraid to buy their poultry products.)
The entire province of Pampanga was earlier placed under a state of calamity because of the outbreak.
Affected farmers will be given compensation of P80 per culled bird – an amount that Piñol admitted "is not much" because "they will not be able to raise chickens" in the next few months.
Vytiaco explained that after the culling operations and farms have been disinfected, there would be a 21-day "rest period" before sentinel birds will be sent to the affected farms. The sentinel birds will be monitored for 35 days, with samples to be taken 6 times during that monitoring period. If all tests are negative for bird flu, only then can the DA declare the outbreak over.
Piñol estimates that the DA would spend P16 million for compensation for the culling alone, at P80 per head for 200,000 birds.
The government will also provide calamity assistance, and on top of that, P25,000 for each farmer. No estimates have been given yet on how many farmers are affected, but Piñol gave assurances that the Duterte administration would provide financial aid and livelihood programs.
"The farmers will be getting P25,000. P5,000 is a grant... P20,000 will be a no-collateral, no-interest loan payable within two years," the agriculture chief said. "I'm a farmer and I know how hard it would be na ang farmer walang kikitain (that a farmer would not earn) for the next 4 to 5 months." – Rappler.com
From right, Allison Hiltz, Crystal Murillo, and Nicole Johnston. all Emerge-trained candidates for Aurora City Council in 2017
AURORA | Endorsements for Aurora City Council are starting to roll in, even as candidates are still jumping into races for the five seats up for grabs. Colorado People's Alliance, a progressive group focused on immigration and racial justice, recently endorsed four candidates of the current 26 seeking office.
“For us, this is a critical election. We have the opportunity to shift who sits at the table in Aurora,” said Lizeth Chacon, executive director of CPA. “We hope that people are engaged. The fact that there are so many candidates hopefully means that they will talk about the issues. We don't think that has been the fact in the past.”
In Ward I, the alliance endorsed Crystal Murillo over incumbent Sally Mounier. In Ward II, where there are a total of seven candidates, CPA endorsed Nicole Johnson. Of the five candidates in Ward III, CPA endorsed political newcomer Martha Lugo. All three candidates — Murillo, Hiltz and Johnson — have been groomed by Emerge Colorado, a six month program that trains Democratic women how to run an election campaign.
The group only endorsed one at-large candidate, Allison Hiltz, even though there are two at-large seats up for election.
“Based on the research we did, we didn't feel there was somebody else (who aligned with our values) in that at-large race,” Chicon said.
This is the first time CPA has endorsed municipal candidates. Last year, the organization got involved in the congressional race. But now, Chicon said it's time for Aurora to have a more representative council, and beyond endorsing candidates that has meant canvassing the city to see what is important to voters.
“Part of our plan is that in order to increase turnout, we're going to have to go door to door to get them to vote,” Chicon said.
While city council races are nonpartisan, many of the issues CPA quizzed candidates on are along hard political lines, such as immigration, racial inequality, climate change and fracking. The group even asked how the candidates had “worked with the progressive movement in the past.”
Among the list of questions were plenty of diversity and how the candidates view correlating policies. CPA asked candidates whether they support a recent city council resolution that upholds Aurora abstaining from sanctuary city status. All endorsed candidates said they disagreed with council's decision.
Chicon said the group did a lot of research before interviewing the candidates they ultimately selected for endorsement, and political party had nothing to do with the endorsement.
“We based (the endorsement) on the issues and who are the most progressive candidates,” Chicon said.
Media may go gaga over downswing of NDA's popularity chart and quote law of diminishing returns for that as the reason. It is too early to predict anything now. Moreover, a reason is being given stating that the Hindu vote is too vertically split and that may not favour BJP doing well. Hindus have a fair amount of security in the last four years and they may not divulge at any cost and that will give NDA the much-needed edge win for one more time. There is no wave or anti-incumbency to upset Modi as he is still the popular leader. Shah, the President of BJP, as Chanakya will be able to garner support before the MP and Rajasthan elections and the carping critics will keep their mouth shut about the resurgence of Congress.
Nickhil Krishnan
(The views expressed by the author in the article are his/her own.)
April 3 Svenska Cellulosa SCA says:
* Acquisition of BSN medical has been closed.
* The purchase price for the shares amounts to EUR 1,400 million and takeover of net debt to approximately EUR 1,340 million.
* SCA consolidates BSN medical as of April 3, 2017. Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Reporting By Johan Sennero)
Conveyors are seen at a Wal-Mart Stores Inc distribution centers in Bentonville, Arkansas June 6, 2013. REUTERS/Rick Wilking/File Photo
Walmart signage is displayed outside a company's store in Chicago, Illinois, U.S. November 23, 2016. REUTERS/Kamil Krzaczynski
CHICAGO Wal-Mart Stores Inc will offer 'pickup discounts' to U.S. shoppers on items they order online and pick up in-store, as it revamps its e-commerce offerings at a faster pace to close the gap with larger rival Amazon.com Inc.
Online orders picked up in store already qualify for no shipping charges since the retailer saves on shipping fees. The latest discounts come on top of that. For example, a Vizio 70-inch 4K Ultra HD television priced at $1,698 for store pick up will qualify for an additional discount of $50.
Marc Lore, head of Wal-Mart's e-commerce operations, told Reuters in an interview on Tuesday he expects the move to boost transactions online and improve customer traffic in stores.
"This is a very material change in the value proposition we are offering customers," he said.
Lore said Wal-Mart is able to offer these discounts as it is able to eliminate delivery costs by leveraging its fleet of more than 6,700 trucks to deliver products from warehouses to stores.
The decision to offer these discounts is the latest move by Lore to revamp an existing e-commerce offering from Wal-Mart. The change is expected to improve the retailer's competitive advantage by making its 4,700 U.S. stores more relevant to shoppers in a digital age, analysts said.
Lore has been at the forefront of bold moves Wal-Mart has undertaken to challenge Amazon since he took charge of the retailer's struggling online business in August, after Wal-Mart acquired Jet.com, a company Lore founded, for over $3 billion.
Since then he has acquired three online retailers, shuffled Wal-Mart's e-commerce decks and made two-day shipping free on all online orders over $35, without any membership fees, to compete with Amazon's popular Prime shipping program.
These moves are in line with the broader push by Wal-Mart's Chief Executive Doug McMillon to give the retailer an even more dominant position in U.S. e-commerce.
Wal-Mart has been investing in e-commerce for the past 15 years, but it still lags far behind its Seattle-based rival.
Starting April 19, Wal-Mart will offer pickup discounts on 10,000 items and on more than 1 million products by June.
In a separate blog post, Mark Ibbotson, executive vice president of central operations, said Wal-Mart is expanding its same-day pick up service and is rolling out a pick-up tower - a giant vending machine that delivers packages ordered online when a customer enters a bar code - to more stores.
(Reporting by Nandita Bose in Chicago; Editing by Himani Sarkar)
As Maame Biney laces up her skates for one of her last practices before heading to the Winter Olympics, her mind drifts to her upcoming 18th birthday -- and the prospect of her first cell phone.
"Dad says he's going to get me one," she says, her permagrin on full display.
Rocking a jacket from the World Junior Short Track Speed Skating Championships in Austria, where his daughter snared bronze in the 500-meter, Kweku Biney leans against the protective padding surrounding the rink. Montell Jordan plays over the loudspeakers.
A single father, Kweku Biney has long been there for his daughter -- from the time she landed at Dulles after leaving her native Ghana at age 5 till now, as she makes final preparations for the PyeongChang Games. On February 10, when she becomes the first African-American woman to represent the United States in Olympic speed skating, he'll be there, too.
"Right, daddy?" Maame asks, fixed on the phone.
"Somehow," he says, his voice barely audible over the drone of a Zamboni polishing the long track at the Utah Olympic Oval.
Maame -- pronounced "MAH-may" -- spins toward her fellow skaters, which include three-fifths of the men's Olympic short-track team. "You all just heard that!"
They needle their teammate. Heard what? They didn't hear anything. She tries to pull a reporter into her camp. Surely, someone heard it!
Kweku Biney's smile widens.
"Did I say that? No one heard it," he says, laughing.
As Maame continues her preparations, strapping on her helmet and an "E.T." glove with carbon-fiber bulbs at the tips of each finger, her father confides in the reporter.
"Phones get them in trouble, but she's mature," he says. "Eighteen, you know?"
'A Maame laugh ... settles everyone down'
With power that belies her youth, Maame is America's best hope for a medal in the 500 meters. She also qualified for the 1,500, but her specialty is the shorter race. Maame jumps off the line like a sprinter, scrambling for the critical inside position. The E.T. glove gives her just enough leverage to glide through the turns, her shoulder maybe 2 feet from the ground.
It doesn't take long to finish four-and-a-half laps of 111.111 meters each. If you're watching, go to the bathroom at your own risk.
Coach Anthony Barthell, who's known Maame since she was 11, said she was a "powerful little girl," oozing natural talent. Taller and stronger than her peers, she's like no one he's ever coached, he said, but she still has plenty of work to do on her technique -- that "push" skaters used to propel themselves to speeds of around 30 mph.
At trials in December, she won the finals by more than a half second, an eternity in speed skating. Her time of 43.161 is just over eight-tenths of a second off the world record set by British skater Elise Christie in 2016. At 18, Maame has ample time to close that gap. She beat her own personal best five or six times last year alone, Barthell said.
She has "maybe one or two more Olympics in her, possibly three," the coach told CNN.
Yet Maame's greatest contribution to Team USA isn't necessarily her athleticism. It may be her smile. We're not talking some impish simper, oh no. We're talking a toothy, 1,000-watt grin that blooms across most of her lower face.
Her positivity is boundless. Late last year, a Belgian skater's 17½-inch blade snapped, flew into her face and ripped into her lip and chin, requiring stitches. But Maame didn't dwell on that. She took to Instagram. "Who won? You guys should see the blade," she posted.
"I love having people smile and laugh because if you're smiling and laughing, then that means you're happy, and being happy ... is the best present you can ever give to anyone every single day, so I love doing that," she told CNN, a faint white battle scar on her chin.
Her hearty belly laugh, which resonates throughout the cavernous Olympic Oval, even over the Zamboni, plays into Barthell's practices.
"A Maame laugh, that just settles everyone down," he said after a recent practice. "If I see that she's tired and the morale's starting to go down -- the team, the chemistry's just a little low, the atmosphere's a little low for me -- I'll go up and crack a joke because I know it could be a horrible joke, but she's going to be the one that laughs and everyone else starts recovering a little easier."
Her demeanor hasn't changed much since she was an 11-year-old, said Barthell, who was named the US short track coach in 2016.
"I just remember her sitting there smiling and laughing and whenever I went to shake her hand, she just busted out laughing. That was my first impression of her, that she's just a happy-go-lucky kid, and she's still the same," he said. "If she's having a bad day, you can't really tell."
Maame said that at her high school in Reston, Virginia, where she calls home, she was known for "getting in trouble for laughing a lot." She said this while giggling.
That's been less of an issue her senior year. Since summer, she's been living with a host family while training for the 500 and 1,500 in Kearns, Utah, at a speed skating facility built for the 2002 Salt Lake City Olympics. Though her father asked her to take a hiatus from school for the Olympics, she insisted on graduating with her friends.
She attends English and history classes, the final credits she needs for graduation, via videoconference. At competitions, she watches recordings of the classes. She does homework between training sessions and regularly emails her teachers at South Lakes High School.
"She's an A and B student. If she studies hard, she can make all As, but practice..." her father said, nodding toward the ice rink. "She's got to be a kid, too, sometimes, so I give her a pass."
From Accra to Reston
To say Maame's path to speed skating excellence was circuitous or unlikely is to sell it short.
Kweku Biney, 59, left Accra, Ghana, in the 1980s, hitchhiking north through the Sahara Desert and eventually landing in Alicante, Spain -- almost 2,300 miles away as the crow flies.
He bopped around Europe for a while -- to Sweden, Denmark, Norway and France -- before flying to the States in 1984 and settling in Hyattsville, Maryland.
Now separated, Kweku had two kids with his wife: Maame and her little brother, Nana Kojo, 15, who still lives in Accra. Maame visited her dad for the first time in 2005. It didn't begin well.
As Kweku drove her from the airport to his home in Wheaton, Maryland, Maame began bawling. She wanted to go home.
He explained that she couldn't just get back on the plane: "I have to make certain things happen before you can do that."
She stopped crying and Kweku continued driving, only to stop 3 miles down the road to console her again. Then again on the Beltway. And again at home. He decided not to get out of the car and instead drove her to Wheaton Plaza Mall (now Westfield Wheaton).
"The first store we went into was JCPenney. This girl saw how big the store is. She was just running all over. 'Daddy, I like this one. No, no, daddy, I don't like this one. I like that thing over there,'" he recounted. "I just folded my arms, stood up and just watched her just run back and forth. She got tired and I just went and bought her a few things. She stopped crying, and that was it.
"The following day, this girl told me, 'Daddy, I'm not going back to Ghana.'"
Kweku Biney was making the commute to a government healthcare contractor in Reston, the same company that employs him today. He and Maame moved into a coworkers' basement to be closer to work and school, before finding an apartment in town.
'Let her go try speed skating'
About three months after Maame's introduction to an American mall, Kweku was driving near SkateQuest in Reston, where he saw a sign: "Learn to skate."
"Maame, do you want to try this?"
"What's that, daddy?"
"You know, just glide on the ice, move on the ice."
Maame responded with a blank look. Kweku didn't know much about skating, either. Soccer had always been his sport. But his daughter gave her dad a simple answer: "Yes."
"I don't think she really understood what I'm saying because she had never seen ice before," Kweku said. "I was really scared because I thought she was going to fall and then break her head open because where we are from, there's no ice. The only thing icy there is the cold beer."
Maame instantly fell in love with skating and "did it with ease," Kweku said. It wasn't long before an instructor told Kweku that Maame wasn't cut out for figure skating. She was too fast.
"Just let her go try speed skating," the instructor said.
The switch meant years of getting up before dawn on Saturdays. Kweku didn't appreciate his daughter's dedication to the sport until that third Saturday. He was bushed and didn't want to get up.
"She was 5 years old. She said, 'Daddy, it's Saturday morning. We have to go!' and I was like, 'Oh man, I thought she was going to be sleeping.' She wasn't. She woke me up. And then we went, and I said, 'OK.' I didn't miss any time anymore," the proud papa said. "She's been running away with this thing ever since."
There were times Kweku went hungry to make sure she ate. Pricey skates, lessons and equipment meant he was never able to put away much in savings.
"I came to America with nothing, so when I die, I'm not going to take anything with me, so hey, just spend it on her," he said.
Kweku thanks God for guiding him past that SkateQuest sign in 2005, and he thanks the United States for making Maame's story possible.
"Only in America, nowhere else," he said.
Asked how he feels about the political climate surrounding immigration, considering his immigrant daughter is set to proudly wear the red, white and blue in PyeongChang, he bristled. He doesn't want Maame to be a pawn in anyone's politics. They both love America. That's all you need to know.
"I told her to never get into politics. It's a dirty business," he said. "Sports, school, God -- that's it. No politics."
'Just normal Maame'
Ask Maame about her aspirations and, as nonchalantly as some high schoolers might speak of being a doctor one day, she'll say she wants to be a chemical engineer, world speed skating champion and Olympic gold medalist. No big deal.
"I really have an interest in making things explode, and I guess my dad, he told me a few years ago that he was into chemistry when he was a little kid, so I guess chemistry runs in the family," she said.
When she takes the ice later this month, she'll not only set precedent for African-American women, but she'll be one of only four foreign-born US Olympians, the second-ever African-born US Olympian and the second African-American speedskater on a US Olympics team. Her pal, Shani Davis, who's competing in his fifth Winter Olympics, was the first.
"It's a huge thing," she said, but she isn't hung up on the racial aspect of her accomplishments.
"I have friends who accept me and who don't think of me as being an African-American," she said. "They just think of me as being normal Maame or being human."
To any youngsters her achievements might inspire, no matter their race, she has a message: "Go out there, find an ice arena or ice rink, and just skate and try it out. ... You never know. You could be the next Olympian, which is an awesome thing to be."
'It was a graceful fall'
Maame realizes she wouldn't be among the world's fastest speed skaters without her dad. She speaks to her mother in Ghana about once a week, but Kweku plays both roles here at home. It can be tough, especially at her age, she said.
"I like guys, and my dad, I'm always going to be his little girl, and I think it's a really awkward situation when you're like, 'Hey daddy, I like this guy. What do you think and stuff?' It's really hard to talk to him about it because he's like," she breaks into her best Kweku impression. "'No, you're going to get married when you're 50 years old.' All right, dad. OK. I see how it is."
But Kweku isn't one of these win-at-all-costs fathers. He wants only what's best for her and would prefer she worries about guys when she's done with school and skating, she said.
The day before she won the 500 at the Olympic trials, Maame had what she felt was a poor run in the 1,500. Where others might rejoice at finishing third and qualifying for an Olympic event, Maame has a tendency to get down on herself and worry that people won't like her unless she skates well, she said.
Kweku knew what to say.
"No matter what happens tomorrow, whether you get last or whether you get first, just know that I love you not because you're a speed skater but because you're Maame and you're my daughter," he told her.
She went on to win the trials before falling onto her rump while pumping her fists in celebration.
"It was a graceful fall," her dad said, beaming.
Biney giddily recounted the moment. "I was like, 'I made the team. Holy cow, I made the team! (Squeal!)' And then I cheered so hard that I fell."
The graceful tumble and her post-race interview charmed everyone who saw them. Despite her maturity and speed, it felt like she might never relinquish her youth.
On the Wednesday before leaving for PyeongChang, Maame attended a short practice before hitting the stationary bike. It was a recovery day, and she was looking forward to some rare downtime. Kweku reminded her she had dinner plans with her host family that evening. She has no driver's license, so he made sure she had transportation lined up.
She was headed to Park City to see a friend, she told him. Both of their birthdays are coming up, so they'd agreed to pay for each other's ticket, she said, laughing at the absurdity of it. They'll grab grab a bubble tea -- taro with vanilla for Maame -- before catching the 4 o'clock showing of "Jumanji."
Typical afternoon for a couple of kids.
The-CNN-Wire
™ & © 2018 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
SEATTLE — A 24-year-old Edmonds man was arrested Friday for allegedly fatally stabbing a man after a disturbance in a Seattle restaurant early Thursday morning, police said.
The man has been booked into the King County Jail for investigation of murder, Seattle police said.
Witnesses began calling 911 at about 2:50 a.m. Thursday to report a fight inside a restaurant in the 2900 block of 4th Avenue South in the city's Sodo district. When officers arrived, they found a 27-year-old man with a stab wound to the chest. Medics were unable to save the man's life.
Detectives, with the help of the CSI unit, collected evidence and statements from witnesses at the scene.
Police did not say Friday what may have led them to arrest the suspect in Edmonds.
The trial was told Lawlor planned to kill another man before murdering McCreadie but relented when the man complimented him on his listening skills.
In the 1997 interview with Peel police, Lawlor talks about his murderous thoughts.
"I guess what I want to try and relay the most is that I don't have any control when that happens to me," says Lawlor, who lived in Mississauga at the time. "It's something that doesn't stop on its own."
The panhandler
Lawlor tells Peel police he was moments away from killing a man just days before the interview. He drove to the gay community in downtown Toronto and "cruised the bars looking for somebody who might be interested in picking me up. But nothing really came of that."
Lawlor, now 56, struck up a conversation with a gay panhandler, who he called Mike, and gave him beer and five sleeping pills.
"I told him they were uppers and would keep him awake," he tells Peel police in the interview.
Lawlor told Mike he would drive to the Beaches in Toronto but instead headed west to a "secluded area in the bush" near Milton.
"Some oral sex went on willingly but it was part of the plan," Lawlor says in the Peel interview. "I wasn't looking for sex. I was setting it up so that he would be more vulnerable, I guess.
"He lay back, I turned the heat up high in the car and within a couple minute he was asleep. That's when I tied him up. I tied him up to the seat. I tied him up pretty good."
Lawlor takes a sip from his water bottle and continues the interview.
"It was in my head that this guy was using me for sex. I was gonna strangle him, dump him out on the side, but he came to his senses, he woke up. And he said, 'You're too rough.' And he went to move and he couldn't. Then he realized he was bound."
Lawlor had brought a knife.
"There was a fading moment where I was just going to stick it in his neck," Lawlor says. "And then I thought, no, better not do that."
Lawlor says the man said: "Holy f---, what are you doing to me? Are you going to kill me or something?' That's exactly what he said to me. I said, 'No.' He said, 'Get this off me and get me out of here.' "
Lawlor says he agreed to drive him back to Toronto but instead headed west, hoping Mike would fall asleep again. But when Mike realized they weren't driving to Toronto, the man grabbed the wheel and pulled the car over. Lawlor relented, drove him back to Toronto and apologized.
He was not charged with the crimes against the panhandler.
Before picking up the panhandler, Lawlor brought a knife while looking for a male Salvation Army official he alleges came onto him sexually.
"I found his address. I went to his home and I stalked his home for a little while to make sure it was the right address," he says in the interview with Peel police.
Lawlor says he saw the man inside the house.
"I was about to approach his house and some neighbours came out so I just turned and kept walking."
Lawlor says he thought about trying to find him at a Salvation Army church.
"Maybe he would invite me out again and that would be my opportunity," he says.
The gas can
During the interview with Peel police, Lawlor is sitting in a police interview room in Mississauga. On the table rests a red gas can, a lighter, two coils of rope and duct tape. He brought those items — and a knife — to Ottawa for his plan to kill his brother on Dec. 26, 1997.
Lawlor was speaking to the officers while under arrest after walking into a Mississauga hospital with a backpack containing some of those items. He told police where to find the gas can.
Lawlor blames his brother for his homosexuality, according to a court transcript.
"My intentions were to track him down and either A: Burn his house down or B: Take him out into a wooded area and tie him up and burn him," Lawlor, showing no emotion, tells Peel police.
A detective asks him if he had any other plans.
"I was gonna cut his penis off," Lawlor says.
"And what were you gonna do with that?" the officer asks.
"Put it in his mouth," Lawlor says.
Lawlor says he arranged to meet his brother and his wife at an Ottawa coffee shop.
He says he wondered, "How the hell am I going to manipulate this to get him alone."
He says he later told his brother: "I think I'm going to forget about my plan to hurt you. I think I should erase you from the equation because of family, that the family wouldn't understand or wouldn't be able to deal with it."
He left the coffee shop but later his anger boiled up.
"I phoned his house and I said, 'I think you're a very sick individual and you are now back in the equation.' "
The triggers
A Peel detective asks him why he planned to kill his brother.
"I don't know. Just things come into my head … a plan of action. Sometimes I watch movies. Movies trigger me big time. I go to a movie theatre, I walk out of there angry as hell. There's a whole bunch of triggers for me. I really can't say if there is any one particular thing that does it."
He says he has an idea what triggered him to drive to Ottawa — a call from his sister, asking if it was OK to give another one of his brothers his phone number. That made him think about his brother in Ottawa.
"I packed a bag, took the stuff, got in the car and drove. It was like turning on a switch. I couldn't stop it if I wanted to."
Lawlor, who appears calm throughout the 80-minute interview with Peel police, tells the officers he was working at Community Living in Mississauga, a charitable group that supports people with an intellectual disability.
Lawlor tells police that after deciding to not kill his brother, he drove back to his home in Mississauga.
"Then I couldn't stop what was going on in my head — couldn't stop. The desire to hurt someone was pretty strong."
He says he drove to a Toronto pawnshop to buy a gun. He couldn't get one but bought a knife — "with a tip, double-edged, good penetration."
That's when he drove to the home of a male Salvation Army official and later picked up the panhandler.
At one point, a detective tells him: "You've come forward and you realize you have some uncontrollable urges. I'm not a psychiatrist but I think that's half the battle right off the bat that you're seeking some help for what you think you're going to do and what you've done. You're on the right path as far as I'm concerned. Where you go from here I don't know."
The detective adds: "But what I'm concerned with, Derrick, is that you may have done some of these things and taken them a step further. And if you have, there isn't a better time than right now to get it all cleared up and all sorted out. You obviously realize you have a lot of pressure inside of you and if you haven't acted it out again, you may very well in the future act it out."
Lawlor: "You mean went the extra mile and did it? No. This is as far as it went."
Lawlor was not charged with the panhandler crimes, but was convicted of a weapons and threats charge in the plot to kill his brother. He was sentenced to 18 months in jail and later got a pardon.
He also got a pardon for manslaughter in the 1983 Newfoundland killing of Locklyn Hutchings.
The Newfoundland killing
Lawlor told Peel police in 1997 how it happened. He says he was working in a department store in Newfoundland when a man approached him, said he owned a company and wanted to hire Lawlor as a debt collector. Lawlor took the job.
Lawlor says he and the man spent a few nights in a cabin in a remote part of Newfoundland. He says he learned the man didn't own the company.
"I freaked out, I just lost it."
He inexplicably tells police that after having several drinks, he asked the man if he wanted to have sex.
"And he said yes," Lawlor says. "I remember a lot of commotion and a lot of craziness going on there — resistance, fighting. The end result was I grabbed a towel and I strangled him with it. He died that night."
Lawlor said when he woke up in the morning, the towel was still wrapped around the man's neck.
"As soon as I did it, I realized my God. When I snapped out of it, it was too late. He was dead. I went right to the police. I had no intentions of hiding it or denying it or anything."
Lawlor was charged with first-degree murder but was convicted of manslaughter and was sent to prison for four years.
A psychiatrist testifying at the 1998 sentencing hearing for the Ottawa crimes said Lawlor had an anti-social disorder and/or a borderline personality disorder and posed a risk to society. He said the risk would be low if Lawlor took his medication, avoided illegal substances and alcohol and took counselling.
A prosecutor said if Lawlor didn't take counselling "that would be, indeed, a tragic circumstance."
The judge said, "I feel there may be some optimism for the prospects of rehabilitation and the elimination of a further criminal record."
Sixteen years later, on the night of Wednesday, April 9, 2014, Lawlor fatally strangled McCreadie, 50, a father of two, in the woods on the edge of Victoria Park. He used a scarf or other "soft ligature."
Jurors, who were not told about Lawlor's previous crimes, took a little more than four hours on Oct. 10 to find him guilty of first-degree murder. He was sentenced to life in prison with no chance of parole for 25 years.
Lawlor is appealing the conviction.
gpaul@therecord.com , Twitter: @GPaulRecord
May 3Guomai Technologies Inc :
* Sees H1 FY 2017 net profit to increase by 80 percent to 130 percent, or to be 74.9 million yuan to 93.4 million yuan
* Says H1 FY 2016 net profit was 40.6 million yuan
* The reasons for the forecast are expanded education scale and increased investment return as well as increased profit from ICT park
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/6TQ1mV
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
BRUSSELS, March 30 Luxembourg has formally joined the fray over the future seat of the European Union banking agency which will have to relocate from London after the Brexit vote, claiming that it has a legal right to host the body.
The European Banking Authority (EBA) and its 159 London employees are expected to move quickly from the Canary Wharf financial district after Britain voted to quit the bloc, but the new seat for the agency that coordinates EU banking rules is still uncertain.
The European Commission has suggested last week that one option could be to move the body to Frankfurt and merge it with the EU agency that oversees insurers and pension funds, the European Insurance and Occupational Pensions Authority (EIOPA), which is already based in the German financial capital .
The suggestion has stirred criticism in Paris, which is also keen to host the agency, and in other EU cities which long for the jobs and prestige associated with hosting the EBA.
Luxembourg, which has long been seen as a potential host, has now raised its stakes by claiming that it has a legal right to be the EBA's seat.
The Grand Duchy's Prime Minister Xavier Bettel sent a letter on Wednesday night to EU leaders to formally advance Luxembourg's candidacy.
The city is a prominent financial centre, relatively close to the EU's Brussels headquarters, and already hosts other EU banking institutions, including the euro zone's bailout fund and the European Investment Bank, Bettel said in the letter, of which some excerpts were circulated to the media.
A spokeswoman for the Grand Duchy added that the letter is more than a simple candidacy, as the country "has a legal claim to host the EBA."
This claim is rooted in a decision taken by European leaders in 1965 in which they said they were "willing" to locate in Luxembourg EU bodies "concerned with finance".
The spokeswoman said that the decisions to establish the European Central Bank in Frankfurt and the EBA in London were taken in agreement with Luxembourg and as an exception to its role, formalised in 1965, as one of the EU's seats.
"This time, we want the 1965 decision to be respected and therefore claim that the EBA's new host should be Luxembourg," the spokeswoman said.
The European Parliament has urged to decide quickly on the EBA's new seat and the Commission said it will make a proposal during the two-year Brexit talks, officially launched on Wednesday. The final decision will be made by EU states.
(Reporting by Francesco Guarascio Editing by Jeremy Gaunt)
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
TACOMA, Wash. -- There is no dispute that more Americans are dying from opioid overdoses.
But there is a lot of dispute on how to stop the crisis.
“We want to nip it in the bud and take care of it,” Pierce County Council member Pam Roach said.
Roach wants to ban asafe injection sites despite the fact that no one in unincorporated Pierce County has filed an application with the county to open one.
Roach says she wants to get ahead of the issue before the conversation gets too far ahead.
“We don't want an expansion of this kind of program that I believe will bring in more drug users, be a poor example to our kids and create dangerous situation for people,” Roach said.
As passionate as she is, so is council member Rick Talbert.
“The fact that we are having a conversation about preventing a tool without even exploring whether or not that tool has value is beyond me,” Talbert said.
Talbert calls a ban fearmongering.
“What scares me the most is that we are seeing communities taking the same fearmongering and hyperbolic conversations,” Talbert said.
Council member Connie Ladenburg also spoke out against the measure to ban safe injection sites.
"I am not going to be supporting this, I don't think it should go forward," Ladenburg said.
All the people who signed up to speak in front of the council on Monday echoed Talbert and Ladenburg's views.
“Public health intervention increases the number of people who enter drug treatment and it does not increase crime or experimentation of drugs,” Erick Seelbach with the Pierce County Aids Foundation said.
“We don't want drug use in our parks, in our restrooms. Containing it in in a public health facility would be much better than the status quo,” Tacoma resident Phil Mocek said.
Ingrid Walker, an associate professor at UW Tacoma, is studying the issue and says there is more than meets the eye when it comes to safe injection sites.
“I think there is an ignorance about what they are, there are some fears, a magnet to draw people in that was actually said in there, that doesn't happen,” Walker said.
Walker says safe injection sites would be introduced in an area already plagued with open drug use; she also says the method saves money on emergency care.
“If you want to talk about it in a fiscal sense, it's a policy that makes sense,” Walker said.
But if you ask Roach, the vast majority of Pierce County constituents want a ban.
“Who is going to go in and say to a nice neighbor: By the way, we are going to have 'safe injection sites' right here next to you? I hope you will be fine with that,” Roach said.
The council passed a resolution to get the zoning department to look into the issue.
There could be a final vote on a ban sometime this summer and if it passes it would only affect unincorporated Pierce County.
The Washington Department of Health says between 2012 to 2016 there were 653 overdose deaths in Pierce County.
Virtual reality makes journalism immersive, realism makes it credible
by Staff Writers
University Park PA (SPX) Dec 11, 2017
Virtual reality technology may help journalists pull an audience into their stories, but they should avoid being too flashy, or their credibility could suffer, according to a team of researchers.
In a study, participants indicated that stories experienced in virtual reality - VR - significantly outperformed text-based articles in several categories, such as giving them a sense of presence, or the feeling of being there, and increasing their empathy for the story's characters, said S. Shyam Sundar, distinguished professor of communications and co-director of the Media Effects Research Laboratory. Using a cardboard VR viewer for experiencing 360-degree videos was better than interacting with the same videos on a computer screen, he added.
"VR stories provide a better sense of being right in the midst of the story than text with pictures and even 360-degree video on a computer screen," said Sundar. "This is remarkable given that we used two stories from the New York Times Magazine, which were high quality and rich in imagery even in the text version."
Although virtual reality outperformed text and video, the researchers cautioned that relying on some of the flashier design elements of virtual reality may affect credibility and cause the audience to have less trust in the story. They discovered that evoking a higher sense of "being there" was associated with lower trustworthiness ratings of the New York Times.
"What really makes people trust VR more is that it creates a greater sense of realism compared to text and that creates the trustworthiness," said Sundar. "But, if it doesn't give that sense of realism, it can affect credibility. If developers try to gamify it or make it more fantasy-like, for example, people may begin to wonder about the credibility of what they're seeing."
That said, the immersive quality of virtual reality and 360-degree video may make the content more shareable, according to the researchers, who report their findings in the current issue of Cyberpsychology, Behavior and Social Networking.
"Virtual reality is often called an empathy machine," said Sundar. "And, consistent with that thought, we did find that participants in both the VR and 360-degree video conditions were more empathetic toward the story characters than their counterparts in the text condition and they also reported higher intention to share the story with others."
Journalists on a tighter budget may consider using 360-degree videos. These videos, which allow users to rotate their view, are more immersive than the text-based story. However, these videos were unable to match virtual reality's ability to make the audience feel like they are in the story, said Sundar.
"On many things 360-degree video on a computer does as well as viewing it on a VR viewer, so you might not need to go through the trouble of putting together the cardboard viewer and slipping in the phone to experience it," he added. "But, for being transported to the scene of the action, the VR viewer beats it."
The researchers noted that VR and 360-degree video demand more attention, which can hurt readers' recall of story details.
"We found some evidence to suggest that memory was affected by all the interaction with immersive journalism, but more research is needed to fully understand this effect," said Sundar.
The researchers recruited 129 participants and asked them to either read two stories in a magazine, watch the stories using 360-degree video, or use a cardboard virtual-reality reader provided by the newspaper company to view the stories.
They asked volunteers to read two stories with different emotional intensity. The more emotional story - "The Displaced" - focused on the lives of three refugees. The other story - "The Click Effect" - examined marine biologists' efforts to understand the vocalizations of dolphins. In general, the effects of immersive journalism were more pronounced with the less emotional story.
The virtual reality stories were accessed through the newspaper's mobile app.
Madison WI (SPX) Dec 07, 2017
Anyone with normal vision knows that a ball that seems to quickly be growing larger is probably going to hit them on the nose. But strap them into a virtual reality headset, and they still may need to take a few lumps before they pay attention to the visual cues that work so well in the real world, according to a new study from University of Wisconsin-Madison psychologists. "The comp ... read more
Related Links
ELLIS COUNTY — Law enforcement authorities are investigating the theft of a restored 1972 Chevy pickup.
The truck reported stolen May 25 from a garage in the 5600 Block of North Solomon Road in Saline County, according to Sheriff Roger Soldan.
Authorities located the truck on Tuesday in Hays. There was no damage and the keys were inside the vehicle, according to Soldan. The truck with an estimated value of $20,000 was returned to the owner.
April 28 ESA Co Ltd :
* Says it will issue 5th series unregistered and unsecured private convertible bonds, to raise 5 billion won in proceeds for operations
* Maturity date is May 2, 2020, coupon rate is 4 percent and yield to maturity is 4 percent for the bonds
* Conversion price is 4,605 won/share and conversion ratio is 100 percent
Source text in Korean: goo.gl/szns40
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
A man looks from a bridge at Panamericana highway which is almost empty due to a blockade by protesters during a 24-hour national strike in Buenos Aires, Argentina, April 6, 2017. REUTERS/Martin Acosta
The Panamericana highway looks almost empty due to a blockade by protesters during a 24-hour national strike in Buenos Aires, Argentina, April 6, 2017. REUTERS/Martin Acosta
Argentine gendarmerie take position as they try to disperse protestors blocking a road during a 24-hour national strike in Buenos Aires, Argentina, April 6, 2017. REUTERS/Martin Acosta
Protestors clash with Argentine gendarmerie as they block a road during a 24-hour national strike in Buenos Aires, Argentina, April 6, 2017. REUTERS/Martin Acosta
Protestors are sprayed with water by Argentine gendarmerie as they block a road during a 24-hour national strike in Buenos Aires, Argentina, April 6, 2017. REUTERS/Martin Acosta
A protestor kicks back a tear gas canister to Argentine gendarmerie during clashes as demonstrators blocked a road in Buenos Aires, Argentina, April 6, 2017. REUTERS/Martin Acosta
Anti-riot policemen use a water cannon to disperse protestors as they block a road during a 24-hour national strike in Buenos Aires, Argentina, April 6, 2017. REUTERS/Martin Acosta
Argentine gendarmerie use a water cannon to disperse protestors as they block a road during a 24-hour national strike in Buenos Aires, Argentina, April 6, 2017. REUTERS/Martin Acosta
Argentine gendarmerie take position as they try to disperse protestors blocking a road during a 24-hour national strike in Buenos Aires, Argentina, April 6, 2017. REUTERS/Martin Acosta
Protestors clash with Argentine gendarmerie as they block a road during a 24-hour national strike in Buenos Aires, Argentina, April 6, 2017. REUTERS/Martin Acosta
Argentine gendarmerie take position as they try to disperse protestors blocking a road during a 24-hour national strike in Buenos Aires, Argentina, April 6, 2017. REUTERS/Martin Acosta
Protestors are sprayed with water by Argentine police as they block a road during a 24-hour national strike in Buenos Aires, Argentina, April 6, 2017. REUTERS/Martin Acosta
Protestors clash with Argentine gendarmerie as they block a road during a 24-hour national strike in Buenos Aires, Argentina, April 6, 2017. REUTERS/Martin Acosta
BUENOS AIRES Protesters in Argentina clashed with police during marches over government austerity measures on Thursday as labour unions challenged President Mauricio Macri in the first general strike since he took office 16 months ago.
Security forces used high-powered water cannon and tear gas to control picketers who had blocked the Pan-American Highway, the main road leading from the north to capital city Buenos Aires, where normally bustling streets were half-empty and businesses were closed.
Truck and bus drivers, teachers, factory workers, airport employees and the government customs agents who run Argentina's all-important grains export sector walked off the job at midnight for 24 hours.
"No customs officials are here, so there will be no exports or imports today," said Guillermo Wade, manager of the maritime chamber at Argentina's main grain hub of Rosario.
The country is the world's top exporter of soymeal livestock feed and the third-largest supplier of soybeans.
Macri took office in December 2015. He eliminated currency and trade controls and cut government spending, including gas subsidies, a move that steeply pushed up home-heating bills.
The strike came as Macri welcomed hundreds of potential investors and foreign officials to a meeting of the World Economic Forum in Buenos Aires. Blocks away from the hotel where the meeting was held, protesters clamoured for wage increases in line with inflation, which was 40 percent last year and expected to be about 20 percent in 2017.
"The situation is dramatic," Julio Piumato, a spokesman for labour umbrella group CGT, said in a telephone interview.
"Wealth is being concentrated in the hands of a few at the same rate that poverty is growing," he said. "Urgent measures are needed to create employment. One out of every three Argentines is poor."
The one-day work stoppage came ahead of an October congressional election that will gauge Macri's strength going into his 2019 re-election bid. The market is concerned about a political comeback by previous President Cristina Fernandez, who boosted the government's role in the economy during her eight years in power.
Macri took office promising a wave of foreign investment that has been slow to manifest itself. Investors want to see that his Cambiemos coalition remains the biggest vote-getter in heavily populated areas like Buenos Aires, which will be key to the 2019 election.
He was elected after Fernandez left Argentina with rampant inflation, dwindling central bank reserves and a wide fiscal deficit.
(Additonal reporting by Nicolas Misculin and Gabriel Burin; Editing by Bernadette Baum and Richard Chang)
Afghans, whose asylum applications have been rejected, arrive from Germany in Kabul airport, Afghanistan March 28, 2017. REUTERS/Omar Sobhani
Afghans, whose asylum applications have been rejected, arrive from Germany in Kabul airport, Afghanistan March 28, 2017. REUTERS/Omar Sobhani
Afghans, whose asylum applications have been rejected, arrive from Germany in Kabul airport, Afghanistan March 28, 2017. REUTERS/Omar Sobhani
KABUL Two more planes carrying Afghans deported from Europe landed in Kabul this week, failed asylum seekers sent back under an agreement between the European Union and Afghan government.
The arrivals mean 248 people have been deported from Europe to Afghanistan this year, compared with 580 throughout 2016, said Hafiz Ahmad Miakhel, spokesman for the Ministry of Refugees and Repatriations.
The number of Afghans deported from Europe is small compared to the thousands returning voluntarily, but deportations are rising and some migration experts say expelling people to a country where the government controls less than two thirds of territory amid a Taliban insurgency is wrong.
Fifteen deportees arrived by chartered flight from Germany on Tuesday, while 19 landed on Wednesday from Austria and 10 from Sweden. Another flight, from Finland, is scheduled to arrive on Tuesday.
European governments say those deported back have failed rigorous asylum tests, and that major cities like Kabul are sufficiently safe.
Afghans were the second largest group of asylum seekers in Europe in 2015, and concerns about security and their integration have encouraged politicians to take a tougher line. [nL5N1E242L]
"We are committed to the agreements but we need more assistance from the international community to help these people," Miakhel told Reuters, referring to an October agreement between the EU and the Afghan government. [nL5N1CB2I2]
"There is a war against the Taliban, against Daesh (Islamic State), against Al Qaeda and this year we will have more forced deportees than last year," he said.
FAILED APPLICATIONS
Shams Ahmadi, a 24-year old ex-policeman, said he landed in Kabul on Jan. 24 after his asylum application, pending in Germany since 2011, failed a second time and police arrested him.
He said he had left Afghanistan after the Taliban blew up his house in the province of Ghazni, killing his father, and that his family had fled to Iran.
He plans to go to Europe again.
"I cannot live in Afghanistan. If I leave Kabul I will be shot by the Taliban," he told Reuters at a non-governmental organisation office in western Kabul helping him with cash for lodgings and medicine to deal with mental health problems.
Another recent returnee, Reza Alizada, said he had lived in Norway for about 18 months before police raided his hostel and detained him. He said he was 17 years old but Norwegian authorities had found him to be in his early twenties.
"I have nobody here to help me, and I have no networks to help me find a job," he said, reflecting broader worries among returnees in a country with an unemployment rate of 40 percent.
Reuters could not verify their stories. The German and Norwegian embassies in Kabul did not respond to requests for comment.
Afghanistan will welcome more returning migrants than any other country in 2017, including up to one million from neighbouring Pakistan, said Masood Ahmadi at the International Organization for Migration in Afghanistan.
"If you are coming to Afghanistan against your will, you are not ready to return. Re-integration back into society will be very difficult and forced deportations have the stigma of failure," he said. "It will encourage re-migration."
(Writing by Tommy Wilkes; editing by Ralph Boulton)
All Coca-Cola needed to do to rejuvenate Diet Coke was add some Feisty Cherry, Twisted Mango, Ginger Lime and Zesty Blood Orange. In skinny cans.
Diet Coke posted sales volume growth in North America during the first quarter, thanks in large part to those four new flavors. Coca-Cola said it was the first time Diet Coke's volume had risen in the United States and Canada since late 2010.
The new Diet Coke flavors, introduced in January, were “bold enough and interesting enough” to attract more Millennials and people who prefer flavored sparkling water to soda, CEO James Quincey said.
The long slump in Diet Coke sales is partly because of the popularity of LaCroix, a sparkling water brand owned by National Beverage. Coca-Cola is looking to gain ground in that market: It bought the rights to sell the Mexican mineral water Topo Chico in the United States last October.
Related: Diet Coke's new cans and flavors are Millennial-friendly
But consumers, especially Millennials, have also turned away from diet soda in favor of healthier options.
Quincey, who took over as CEO of Coke last May from longtime chief Muhtar Kent, told CNN's Poppy Harlow in February that Coke needs to shake things up if it wants to attract younger customers. The new Diet Coke flavors are an example of that.
“We've got to experiment, which means learning from the tech industry, the 1.0, the 2.0, the 3.0. Don't make it perfect, get something out there, learn, and make it better,” Quincey told Harlow.
Coke has been busy with other newish products. It rebranded Coke Zero as Coke Zero Sugar — and that subtle change also seems to be working. Sales rose at a double-digit pace in the quarter. Tea and coffee sales were up 5%, too.
Related: Coca-Cola needs more products not named Coke
Wall Street wasn't impressed with Coke's results, though. Even though overall sales and profits topped forecasts, the stock fell nearly 2% on Tuesday. Shares are down 6% this year.
Pablo Zuanic, an analyst at Susquehanna Financial Group, noted that lower pricing in North America may have helped boost sales. And Wall Street may not be pleased with that. He said he expected the stock to “tread water” as a result.
For the past five years, Coke's stock has lagged top rival Pepsi, which also owns a thriving snack food business, and Dr Pepper Snapple, which recently agreed to sell itself to the coffee giant Keurig Green Mountain.
Pepsi will report its latest earnings on Thursday.
CHARLOTTESVILLE, Va. — A debate about the weekend's violence in Charlottesville, Virginia, got heated Monday morning as a former Virginia attorney general asked a CNN political commentator to “shut up.”
Symone Sanders, who worked as national press secretary for Bernie Sanders during his presidential campaign, accused former Virginia Attorney General Ken Cuccinelli of not speaking “to the heart” of what happened in Charlottesville when white supremacists descended on the city for a “Unite the Right” rally.
“Can I finish, Symone?” asked Cuccinelli at one point during the “New Day” debate. “Will you just shut up for a minute and let me finish?”
Anchor Chris Cuomo was quick to jump in, saying, “Ken, you don't want to use language like that when you're talking to Symone. You can disagree, but you don't talk like that on this show. You know better.”
Sanders and Cuccinelli are not the first to tangle over where to cast blame for the violence in Virginia, which included a vehicular attack that left one counter-protester dead and 19 injured.
After President Donald Trump condemned the violence on “many sides” without directly naming white supremacists and neo-Nazis, he was met with bipartisan calls to name them.
Legendary designer Hervé L. Leroux has died at age 60. The Féderation de la Haute Couture et de la Mode released a statement confirming the news on Friday, according to The Cut.
Leroux—born Hervé Léger—got his start in fashion began at brands like Fendi and Chanel, before he started his own label Hervé Léger in 1985 and moving on to become celebrated for his bandage dresses, which were especially popular with celebrities in the '90s and early 2000s. He lost commercial use of his birth name in 1999 when BCBG Max Azria acquired his Hervé Léger brand.
Following the news of his passing, celebrities like Dita Von Teese took to social media to honor the late designer. “Very sad we are forced to say farewell to the genius @hervelegerleroux,” she wrote alongside a photo gallery of the designer and her in his pieces. “He made the most exquisite dresses that showcased a woman's beauty, rather than distracting from it. I'll always treasure my afternoons in his atelier just next to @maisonladuree, trying on dress after dress, really just for the fun of it.”
RELATED PHOTOS: Kim Kardashian West Dedicates Throwback Thursday to Her Pre-Kanye Hervé Léger ‘Obsession'
“We would have the best time, I honestly could have only ever worn his dresses. @hervelegerleroux IS Herve Léger (he had to change his name and start over) and he is the inventor and only true master of the iconic bandage dress,” she continued. “Thank you, Dear Hervé, for all of it. Rest in glamour, you'll never be forgotten.”
Cindy Crawford, Pat Cleveland and Cameron Silver also paid their respects on social media.
Crawford shared a photo posing with the designer in one of his iconic bandage dresses. “Remembering the man who created the bandage dress, which held you in in all the right places. Rip #HerveLeger❤️,” she wrote on Instagram.
Remembering the man who created the bandage dress, which held you in in all the right places. Rip #HerveLeger ❤️ A post shared by Cindy Crawford (@cindycrawford) on Oct 6, 2017 at 9:39am PDT
RIP talented & kind #HerveLeroux who's bandage dress defined a decade & continued timeless… https://t.co/myCjgnqqkh — Cameron Silver (@CameronDecades) October 6, 2017
My wonderful talented joyful lovely friend Designer Herve Leger has just passed away we have had soo many funny stories together wearing lobster hats and crazy adventures in the desert of Egypt….I will miss his voice and smiles. Rest In Peace my friend😪 A post shared by Pat Cleveland (@patcleveland) on Oct 5, 2017 at 7:35pm PDT
Our thoughts are with Leroux's family and friends.
This article originally appeared on Instyle.com
NEW YORK, April 13 A U.S. government weather forecaster on Thursday projected the possibility of El Niño developing in the Northern Hemisphere late summer or fall.
The Climate Prediction Center (CPC), an agency of the National Weather Service, in its monthly forecast said neutral conditions are favored to continue through at least the spring. (Reporting by Chris Prentice; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
Prince Harry and Meghan Markle will be walking down the aisle to an incredible soundtrack!
With less than a month to go before their big day, Kensington Palace announced the music Harry and Meghan have selected for their wedding on Tuesday.
Since they are marrying at St. George's Chapel, the church's choir — The Choir of St George's Chapel — will perform. The historical group (they were first founded in 1348!) is made up of 23 boys and 12 adult men who sing in the choir.
They'll also have Sheku Kanneh-Mason, an award-winning 19-year-old cellist who is a student at London's Royal Academy of Music. Kanneh-Mason got a personal call from Meghan to ask if he'd play at their ceremony.
“I was bowled over when Ms. Markle called me to ask if I would play during the ceremony, and of course I immediately said yes,” Kanneh-Mason said of the honor. “What a privilege to be able to play the cello at such a wonderful event. I can't wait!”
Prince Harry and Meghan Markle Chris Jackson/Getty
Though Kanneh-Mason will have a solo performance, he won't be the only instrumentalist. A larger orchestra will also play, with musicians from BBC National Orchestra of Wales, the English Chamber Orchestra and the Philharmonia performing. The orchestra will be led by conductor Christopher Warren-Green.
RELATED VIDEO: Here's Why Meghan Markle Will Not Wear the Same Wedding Tiara As Kate Middleton
The soundtrack for Harry and Meghan's wedding will go beyond the classical tunes. They'll also bring in a Christian gospel group, Karen Gibson and The Kingdom Choir, to perform. Gibson, a conductor, is the founder and director of the group, said that the group was looking forward to performing during this “historic” occasion.
“The Kingdom Choir is truly honored to be invited to sing at the wedding of Prince Harry and Ms. Markle, and very excited to be taking part in such a historic moment,” Gibson said. “It will be a moment that we will always treasure, and we'd like to take the opportunity to wish the couple all the very best for their coming union.”
The exact songs that will be performed at the wedding haven't been revealed and will likely stay a secret until Meghan walks down the aisle at St. George's Chapel at Windsor Castle on May 19.
FILE PHOTO - The aircraft carrier USS Carl Vinson (CVN 70) transits the South China Sea, April 8, 2017. Photo taken April 8, 2017. U.S. Navy photo by Mass Communication Specialist 3rd Class Matt Brown/Handout via Reuters/File Photo
FILE PHOTO - A U.S. F18 fighter jet lands on the deck of U.S. aircraft carrier USS Carl Vinson during an annual joint military exercise called 'Foal Eagle' between South Korea and U.S., in the East Sea, South Korea, March 14, 2017. REUTERS/Kim Hong-Ji/File Photo
WASHINGTON President Donald J. Trump is planning to increase U.S. defence spending by $54 billion next year. But a series of recent reports by the Defense Department Inspector General and the Government Accountability Office say that Pentagon accounting systems will struggle to track how the money is spent.
The reports found that the Pentagon remains unable to accurately track its $591 billion annual budget and experiences billions of dollars in accounting gaps and errors each year despite two decades of reform efforts. Taken together, the reports show that many of the endemic accounting problems exposed in a 2013 Reuters investigative series remain in place.
“These deficiencies not only affect (the Department of Defense's) ability to have auditable financial statements,” a Feb. 9 Government Accountability Office (GAO) report found, “they also affect its ability to make sound decisions on missions and operations.”
A spokesman for the White House's Office of Management Budget (OMB) said he was confident that Defense Secretary James Mattis would properly spend the additional funds.
“The need to replenish our military and bolster American security is unquestioned and an important priority of this president," OMB Communications Director John Czwartacki said in a statement. "We believe Secretary Mattis will deploy all of his resources in the most effective and efficient way possible.”
Critics of wasteful Pentagon spending say increasing the Defense Department budget is unwise when the department is unable to account for what it already has.
“It's ludicrous,” said Mandy Smithberger, director of the Straus Military Reform Project in Washington. “Reform isn't going to happen as long as the spigot is turned on.”
The Pentagon's continued accounting problems are drawing particular scrutiny now because the Defense Department faces a congressionally mandated legal deadline of Sept. 30, 2017, to become ready for its first audit ever. Unlike every other U.S. government department, the Pentagon has never undergone an audit because its financial records are in such disarray.
A spokesman for the Defense Department comptroller's office said he is confident it will meet the deadline.
“The Department is committed and on track to be ready to undergo a full financial statement audit in (fiscal year) 2018,” Lieutenant Colonel Eric D. Badger said in an email.
DEEP CUTS
At the same time Trump proposes to boost defence spending, he has called for deep cuts to other areas, a White House summary of his proposed 2018 budget shows. Whether Congress will accept or reject Trump's proposals is unclear.
Trump calls for cutting the State Department's budget by $10.1 billion, or 28%. Among other things, U.S. payments to support the United Nations would be cut.
The Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) would take a particularly big hit. Trump would cut $2.6 billion, or 31%, of its budget. The White House document says the budget would eliminate more than 50 EPA programs, and cut EPA's research and development budget by $233 million, or 52%. The budget for grants to states for lead clean-up would be cut by 30% to $9.8 million.
The recent watchdog reports on the Defense Department found that it lacks a unified, functioning accounting system. As Reuters reported in its 2013 series, the Pentagon has hundreds of independent systems, built ad hoc and some dating from the 1970s, that are riddled with errors and incapable of sharing accurate data.
Billions of dollars disappear from accounting records. The military has spent large sums building new systems meant to solve the problem, but so far they have not.
A March 16 Defense Department Inspector General report said the Navy could not find any records to back up how it had spent $866 million in the first quarter of 2016 in U.S. military operations in Afghanistan. The report said that as a result, there was no way to know what the money actually was used for.
A Navy spokeswoman, Lieutenant Kara YingLing, referred Reuters to the Navy's official response to the report, which said the Navy agreed with the Inspector General's conclusions but said its accounting problems will not be fixed until it begins using a new computer system in 2019. YingLing said the Navy is “on track” to help the Pentagon meet its Sept. 30 audit deadline.
The Feb. 9 GAO report said the Pentagon's continued bookkeeping errors affect the federal government as a whole. Defense spending makes up such a large part of the federal budget that the department's unreliable data skews accounting for the entire U.S. government, the GAO said.
SYSTEMIC RISK
The report noted that the Defense Department has been on the GAO's list of “High Risk” entities that represent threats to the federal government's financial well-being since 1995. The report said the Pentagon has remained on the list because of “long-standing deficiencies with its financial management systems."
The GAO report noted that the Pentagon had hired large independent accounting firms for each of the military services to try to help them meet the Sept. 30 audit deadline. But the report said the firms have found so many problems that the ability of the Pentagon to meet the deadline remains in doubt.
A separate Defense Department Inspector General report issued on March 23, 2017, found that the Army continues to be unable to balance its checkbook. The report concluded that the problem for the Army grew worse in 2016.
The report said that for October 2015, the Army had 177,921 discrepancies. The monthly numbers rose steadily to 790,551 for June 2016. The report did not give dollar amounts for those months.
Army spokesman Wayne Hall said the number of discrepancies continued to increase in 2017 because planned fixes to computer systems have not yet been made. He said the Army is working on building more reliable systems.
The report said that because rules require that the Army's numbers exactly match in monthly reports to the Treasury, the Army and the Defense Finance and Accounting Service must find a way to make them match. Their solution was to enter made-up numbers to make it appear falsely that the Army's numbers do match.
The report said that for March 2016, there were $1.9 billion in such “forced balance entries.” Hall said the Army must make the numbers match under federal rules.
In separate reports, the Inspector General found that other military services have also had problems balancing their financial numbers with the Treasury's. Accountants interviewed by Reuters said that such large discrepancies would be considered accounting fraud in the corporate world.
Badger, the spokesman for the Defense Department comptroller's office, said any errors by the military services were unintentional.
“We strongly oppose any accusation of intentionally misrepresenting our books,” Badger said in an email. “Many manual accounting adjustments are often caused by the ineffective design of legacy business or financial systems.”
Trump has said the $54 billion in increased defence spending will send a “message to the world in these dangerous times of American strength, security and resolve.” Trump has also vowed to negotiate cheaper contracts with defence contractors, a problem also cited in recent watchdog reports.
In a March 2016 report, the Inspector General found that the Air Force had spent “billions” on a contract to maintain one type of jet engine, without first getting any idea of a fair price.
The open-ended contract, with a guaranteed profit margin regardless of cost, was awarded in 2011. The report said that before signing the contract the Air Force obtained no data on the actual cost of the repairs and how the costs compared to private-sector rates.
The exact amount of the contract was redacted from the report. The Inspector General has not ruled on a March 2016 Freedom of Information Act request filed by Reuters that asked for the redacted information to be made public.
(Editing by David Rohde.)
Turkish foreign minister heads to Kuwait in Qatar crisis - sources
ISTANBUL, June 14 Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu was to travel to Kuwait on Wednesday evening after completing a visit to Qatar, foreign ministry sources said, in his quest to broker an end to a dispute betweeen the Gulf state and other Arab countries.
On going feud with Knicks owner James Dolan and Charles Oakley forced NBA commissioner Adam Silver to intervene. Silver called upon Hornet's owner and Hall of Famer, Michael Jordan, to help resolve the issue.
landmarkmedia / Shutterstock, Inc.
* Euro zone core inflation hits four-year high, yields rise
* Spanish economy beats forecasts, Austria, France also grow
* French-German yield spread steady, Le Pen risk remains low
* Euro zone periphery govt bond yields tmsnrt.rs/2ii2Bqr (Updates prices, adds U.S. data)
By Abhinav Ramnarayan
LONDON, April 28 Euro zone government bond yields and the euro rose on Friday after inflation numbers beat expectations for the month of April and data pointed to a brightening economic outlook for the single currency bloc.
European Central Bank chief Mario Draghi struck a cautious note on Thursday, sending yields lower, but numbers out on Friday strengthened the belief that the ultra-loose policy stance cannot last.
Euro zone consumer inflation rose to 1.9 percent in April, beating forecasts of 1.8 percent, and close to the ECB's target of just below 2 percent.
Even more strikingly, the figure after stripping out energy and processed food prices - known in the market as "core inflation" - hit a four-year high of 1.2 percent, after being stuck in a 0.7-0.9 percent range for the six months before.
"The ECB has been looking through fluctuations in the headline inflation rate and looking at core inflation - but even that seems to be going in the right way," said DZ Bank strategist Christian Lenk. "The big question is how sustainable this is going to be."
Inflation numbers added impetus to a bond sell off that began early in the session after some positive economic output data from several euro zone countries.
The Spanish gross domestic product numbers released on Friday were particularly eye-catching. The economy expanded by 0.8 percent quarter-on-quarter and 3 percent year-on-year in the January-to-March period, outpacing expectations.
Austria and France also saw their economies expand over the same period, even if the latter figure was slower than expected.
Data in the U.S. meanwhile showed the economy in the first quarter grew at its slowest pace in three years, but indicated a more buoyant inflation and employment picture.
In late trade, the yield on 10-year German debt , the benchmark for the region, was up 2 basis points at 0.32 percent. It was on track for its biggest weekly rise since early March with a rise of about 7 bps.
Other euro zone bond yields were 2-7 bps higher on the day.
The single currency also strengthened and was last trading 0.2 percent higher at $1.0895.
The euro zone bank index extended gains, while the index of the bloc's 50 biggest stocks turned flat after initial gains.
On Thursday, euro zone government bond yields tumbled after Draghi said policymakers did not discuss removing the bank's easing bias on monetary policy at Thursday's meeting.
Political concerns have largely kept high-grade euro zone bond yields in check, particularly ongoing French presidential elections and threat of a victory for anti-euro far-right leader Marine Le Pen.
But with centrist Emmanuel Macron taking the lead in Sunday's first round, that possibility has largely decreased, allowing the market to focus on monetary policy rather than politics.
A poll on Thursday had Macron winning the second round on May 7 by 60.5 percent to 39.5 percent.
The gap between France and Germany's 10-year borrowing costs - a key measure of French political risk - was steady at 46 bps on Friday, off Monday's lows but well below last Friday's close of 62.5 bps.
For Reuters Live Markets blog on European and UK stock markets see reuters://realtime/verb=Open/url=http://emea1.apps.cp.extranet.thomsonreuters.biz/cms/?pageId=livemarkets
(Reporting by Abhinav Ramnarayan; Editing by Tom Heneghan and Pritha Sarkar)
There's a new nip in the air that can only mean one thing. The days are starting to shorten, the nights are becoming chilly, the hedges are laden with blackberries and autumn is on its way.
In the same way that spring comes crashing in all of a sudden in its youthful enthusiasm in early March, I always notice the seasons changing just as sharply in the first fortnight of August. The light changes slightly, subtly at first, then the air changes and then suddenly it is no longer summer.
In ancient Ireland, this period of time, that is the beginning of the harvest season before the crops had ripened fully, was marked with the festival of Lughnasadh, which is said to have fallen on the 1st August, later being celebrated on the Sunday nearest this date. There was some sort of ritual with picking bilberries, a rite which still continues to this day in parts of Ireland with the variously named celebrations of ‘Fraughan Sunday', ‘Garland Sunday', ‘Bilberry Sunday', ‘Mountain Sunday' or ‘Reek Sunday'.
I was away on the first Sunday of the month, so instead of making a blueberry cake I decided to make these slightly more autumnal blackberry muffins instead, and given that the blackberries seem very early this year they seemed very appropriate.
These muffins feel very cosy and autumnal; they would be ideal for serving up to friends with coffee mid-morning or late in the afternoon after some blackberry picking, or packed up and brought with a thermos of chai tea for a walk at the beach.
I've tested them a couple of times now, and if you don't mind me boasting, I think they are very close to being perfect: they're richly flavoured but not too sweet; with that lovely light, fluffy texture that is the holy grail of all muffin makers. They're also quite hearty and wholesome if not specifically healthy, featuring a lovely ‘nubbliness' from the addition of chia seed, oats & spelt flour.
But there are some essential points for making these (and indeed most other) muffins as lovely as can be.
Top tips for perfectly light & fluffy muffins:
♠ Preheat the oven to a very high temperature – around 220°c – so that the mixture rises very quickly when it goes into the oven, meaning a light, cake-like, non-stodgy crumb. This will also give the muffins a lovely domed top.
♦ Sieve all flours and baking agents together. Sieving helps aerate the mixture, and distributing the baking agents evenly will ensure each and every one of your muffins rise well.
♣ Don't forget a tiny bit of salt. If you're using salted butter, they'll be fine without adding extra, but if you replace it with unsalted butter or some kind of oil, a tiny pinch of salt will really help the flavours.
♥ When mixing the wet and dry ingredients, you should only use the lightest of strokes to fold the two together. A good rule of thumb is to make no more than ten large, gentle movements of the wooden spoon. If there are a few lumps remaining at the end, no problem; they'll disappear as the muffins cook.
And a top tip for making these muffins even more magical:
The first time I made these muffins – pictured above – I just popped the blackberries on top, and they were perfectly nice. But the second two times I made them, I pressed the blackberries right down into the centre of the mixture, so that they were completely hidden. Then when they were cut open, they then had an amazing, vividly purple, slightly gooey centre with a beautifully fragrant blackberry flavour. So please push those blackberries in!
CHAI-INFUSED BLACKBERRY & PEAR MUFFINS
Makes 12 big ones
2 small, firm pears (any of the green-pink varieties like Comice or Williams or Forelle will work; the regular bigger brown-green ones would be a bit grainy)
3 cardamon pods, dehusked
12 ripe blackberries
100g salted butter, melted
170g soft light brown sugar
1 egg, beaten
115g plain flour
115g spelt flour
1 slightly heaped teaspoon of baking powder
1 scant teaspoon of baking soda
1 scant teaspoon of cinnamon
200ml whole milk
1 slightly heaped tablespoon of natural yogurt
50g oats
1 teaspoon of vanilla extract
50g chia seed
1 chai teabag
Preheat your oven to 220°c. Line a muffin tray with 12 large cases. Boil the kettle and pour a splash of boiling water (around 30ml) onto the teabag in a large measuring jug. Leave to brew for a few minutes then add the whole milk, swish the tea bag around and remove.
Grate the flesh of one pear into a large bowl, discarding the core and pips. Sieve the flours, baking powder & baking soda over the pear and mix well. Add the brown sugar, chia seeds, cinnamon, cardamon seeds and most of the oats and mix very well.
Melt the butter and beat the egg and add both to the milk. Add the natural yogurt, the vanilla extract and the honey and mix to incorporate.
Make a well in the centre of the dry ingredients and tip in the liquid mixture. Mix the wet ingredients with the dry ingredients very, very gently, folding together in no more than ten big, circular strokes of a wooden spoon. Don't worry about getting all the lumps out. Divide the mixture between 12 large muffin cases; they should be about two-thirds full. Press a blackberry down into the centre of each case, so that it is totally hidden by the mixture [note: not the way I did it in the pictures above!]. Cut the remaining pear into small thin slices and add one into about half of the muffins for variety. Sprinkle the remaining oats over the muffins. Bake at 220°c for 15 minutes then turn the heat down to 180°c to continue cooking for another 10 minutes or so, or until the muffins are well risen, nicely domed on top, beautifully golden & cooked through (test one with a skewer if you're not sure – it should come out clean).
Advertisements
This past Thursday morning I took a seat at a conference table in a room on the first floor of Keller Hall, the building which houses the University of Dayton School of Law. I laid out before me each of the reports from the different senior staff members who would be participating in our monthly meeting. As I exchanged pre-meeting pleasantries with various colleagues who were busy shuffling papers and sipping coffee, my cell phone vibrated in my pocket.
That's odd, I thought. It must be important. I plucked the phone from my pocket and saw that the incoming call was from my sister, Susie. Odder still, for it is extremely rare for Susie to ring me up, particularly during the week and during normal work hours. I scurried into the hallway to see what was afoot.
“Hi, Susie. What's going on? Are you okay?”
“Hi Tim. Oh, sure. Fine. Sorry to bother you. Do you have a few minutes to talk?”
“Well, yeah, I guess. I'm getting ready for a meeting to start, but…what's up?”
“Oh, not that much, really. Listen, umm, mom almost died last night, but she's fine now. I just thought you should know.”
“Yeah, thanks for thinking of me. What do you mean ‘she almost died'?!?”
“Don't freak! She's great. She's fine. I'm going over to the ICU now with dad to see her. It's no big deal. I just thought I should, you know, keep you in the loop.”
“ICU? Don't freak?” I tried to maintain some semblance of calm as my dear older sister began to sputter out a few helpful details.
“Okay, okay. So here's what happened,” Susie continued. “Mom woke up late last night to go to the bathroom, but she couldn't stand up. She roused dad and together they got a nurse from the other section of University Place [the retirement community where they live] to come to their apartment to check her out.”
“I'm with you so far. What then?”
“So the nurse come up and takes vitals and discovers that mom's heart rate is all over the map, but mostly zombie-like slow. Like 20-25 beats per minute at one point.”
“Wow. Wow. How do you know zombies don't have, you know, really fast heart beats? Or normal ones?”
Susie wisely ignored my galactically stupid and irreverent question and proceeded. “I gather they all determined that mom ought to go to the Emergency Room, but because it was so late at night—2:00 or 3:00 in the morning or so—dad shouldn't be the one to transport her. So they called an ambulance and they delivered her to the hospital.”
“And….?”
“And after checking her out for a while, they determined she needed a pacemaker to solve her heartbeat ‘issues'. They put in a temporary one right away, and she's supposed to have the, errrr, permanent one put in later this morning.”
“Sheeesh. That's all?! Why'd you even bother calling me over something so picayune!?” I teased. “Seriously, thanks for letting me know.”
“No problem. I've already talked to her and she sounds fine, but I'll text you when I learn anything more. She seems very confident that the next procedure is no big deal.”
We signed off and I mused about my mother's lengthy and varied medical history: knee surgeries, shoulder surgeries, neck surgeries, back surgeries, lumpectomy, temporary colostomy, colostomy reversal, eye surgeries, and radiation treatment for breast cancer, to name just a few that came immediately to mind. She's like a Timex watch, for Pete's sake (for those younger than 50 or so, Timex ran a series of ads for many years whose tag line was “Timex: It takes a licking…and keeps on ticking!”). Now this.
A few hours later I called mom and caught her resting comfortably in her room.
“Hi, honey!” she chirped casually, like a matron enthusiastically greeting her only son while baking Christmas cookies in her kitchen. I reflexively wondered how this nearly 90 year old woman (forever my “mommy”), lying in a hospital bed after having an electrical device inserted into her chest with leads placed in her right atrium, right ventricle, and coronary sinus cavity, could be so chipper.
“Hi, mom! Wow. You sound great. How ya doin'?”
“Oh, fine,” she laughed. “Fine. I suppose you heard the whole story by now. Silliest thing. I woke up to go to the bathroom and I couldn't get my stupid legs to support me! Oh, Tim, I tell you, old age is not for sissies.”
“So I hear.”
“But I'm fine now. When the doctor came in to do my procedure a few hours ago, I took one look at him and thought, ‘Oh, how nice! Little Phil is going to save my life!'”
“Little Phil” was a boy from the neighborhood, a year older than I, whom I grew up with, played football and basketball with, and made small-scale mischief with. Like many of my friends, “Little Phil” grew up to accomplish pretty big things, including preserving my mother's earthly existence for a while.
“I'll thank him next time I see him, mom. I'm so glad he managed to get through West Side High School and stay a step or two ahead of the authorities long enough to become a highly regarded cardiologist.”
“Yes, me too, dear. So tell me again when you, Krista, and the kids are coming to see us?!”
“Soon, mom. Very soon.”
By Tim Swensen Virtue & Mischief
Timothy Swensen is the author of the column series Virtue and Mischief. He can be reached at tswensen1@udayton.edu. Viewpoints expressed in the article are the work of the author. The Daily Advocate does not endorse these viewpoints or the independent activities of the author.
Timothy Swensen is the author of the column series Virtue and Mischief. He can be reached at tswensen1@udayton.edu. Viewpoints expressed in the article are the work of the author. The Daily Advocate does not endorse these viewpoints or the independent activities of the author.
Jubal Flagg is a standup comedian, radio host, television personality and comedy writer. Known for his quick wit and keen and often strange observations, Jubal has been entertaining audiences on-stage and on the radio for over 10 years. Jubal currently hosts “Brooke and Jubal in the Morning” and can be seen throughout the country as a regular on FOX TV's Dish Nation. Along with making people laugh on a daily basis by hosting one of the most popular radio shows in Seattle, Jubal also writes and produces comedy bits and daily topical jokes that are used by radio stations nationwide. In other words; he loves the craft of comedy so much that he even writes jokes for his “competition”. The son of two ministers, Jubal attributes his quirky sense of humor to, well, growing up with the name Jubal.
PARIS, April 28 French drugmaker Sanofi reported higher-than-expected first-quarter profits on Friday, buoyed by its specialty care division Genzyme, by vaccines, and by consumer products acquired from Germany's Boehringer Ingelheim.
The drugmaker, which confirmed its full-year outlook, said it was confident Dupixent, a drug for moderate-to-severe atopic dermatitis that was approved in the United States at end March, would sell well.
Wall Street analysts forecast annual sales exceeding $4 billion by 2022 for the biotech drug known chemically as dupilumab, according to Thomson Reuters data.
"We feel very encouraged with the early coverage (...) we had worked with payers in anticipation of the launch," Chief Executive Olivier Brandicourt told journalists.
Sanofi said first-quarter business net income rose 1 percent at constant exchange rates to 1.8 billion euros ($1.95 billion). Total sales rose 8.6 percent to 8.65 billion.
Analysts polled by Reuters in partnership with Inquiry Financial had on average been expecting business net profit of 1.6 billion euros and net sales of 8.38 billion. ($1 = 0.9203 euros) (Reporting by Matthias Blamont; Editing by Andrew Calus)
Two suspects remain on the run after an attempted armed robbery led to murder early Thursday morning in rural Yazoo County.
---
The content you're trying to view is available for Premium Content Subscribers only. Online subscription options are available and are complimentary to all existing print subscribers of The YAZOO HERALD.
If you're an existing subscriber (print or digital) and already have your Username and Password, click here: http://bit.ly/1B095Lm
If you're an existing print subscriber and need to activate your online account, click here: http://bitly.com/1wHXqwM
He remains on call and leaves the comforts of his home for some of the harshest realities of life.
Dr. Nic Sparrow volunteers his time assisting emergency services at some of the most serious 911 calls in the West Kootenay. (Submitted photo)
For most people, going above and beyond means working overtime to complete an important project or help a neighbour out of a tough situation.
But for Dr. Nic Sparrow, going above and beyond means saving people's lives or drastically changing the recovery outcome of a severe injury or health crisis, and he is hoping more doctors and community members will join in the fight.
Sparrow is an emergency room doctor at Kootenay Lake Hospital in Nelson, but he feels the duty of saving lives doesn't end when he leaves the hospital at the end of his shift.
Sparrow remains on call and often leaves the comforts of his home for some of the harshest realities of life — the most severe 9-1-1 calls in the West Kootenay. He does this work as a volunteer — giving his time and providing his own supplies and equipment.
The idea of doctors attending accident scenes, cardiac arrest calls and drug overdoses seems like a new approach here in Canada, but the practice is actually quite common in Europe and other parts of the world.
Sparrow first became familiar with the practice while working in the United Kingdom.
After moving to Canada, Sparrow started volunteering his time for this type of work in 2008 while working on the Sunshine Coast.
Sparrow is quick to emphasize that he does not do this work alone, that it is a team effort — he is there to support the first responders, ambulance attendants, paramedics and fire department personnel.
“I think they do an absolutely amazing job — but there are some calls that a physician who is trained in pre-hospital response can assist with,” said Sparrow.
“To support the emergency services, and secondly to help save lives and help the most critically ill or injured patients in the community — that is my goal,” explained Sparrow who has attended 260 calls over the last four years.
Sparrow says It's hard to calculate how many lives have been saved through the work.
“I'm not working in isolation, I'm working always with the paramedics, with the firefighters — so it is hard to equate to lives saved. But I have definitely, massively changed the outcome for a subset of critically ill patients,” he said.
This is partly because he is able to provide things like anti-seizure medications — stopping patients from enduring long periods of seizures and advanced life support drugs and treatments to the scene of cardiac arrests.
“There are certain things that I can provide that other providers at the moment in the pre-hospital environment cannot — that's partly why I respond,” said Sparrow.
“The paramedics on the ground and the firefighters … they have to deal with some really tough stuff and work in the confines of what they are allowed to do — when we have basic life support, there are only a limited number of things the province allows them to do.”
Before moving to Canada, Sparrow responded with the ambulance service of the UK as a first responder and also alongside ambulance services in South Africa.
“I have seen the benefit of having physicians in rural areas respond,” he said.
“I think it should be a national program. There should be volunteered pre-hospital trained physicians — and maybe in the fullness of time it won't be volunteered — across the province in rural areas assisting the ambulance service.”
Kootenay Emergency Response Physicians Association
Sparrow and others have formed a non-profit organization to help fund this work — the Kootenay Emergency Response Physicians Association (KERPA).
He hopes other physicians will join him in the work but explained it may take a while before that could happen.
“There is quite a lot of specialist training you require to translate your emergency skills into the pre-hospital setting,” explained Sparrow.
He also knows the idea is a tough sell.
“It's an unusual model because you are not being paid for your time, you are on call 24/7 unless you turn your phone off. It's not an overly attractive job concept.
“You have to be slightly weird in order to want to do it — hopefully the Kootenays will attract some more weird people to join me,” added Sparrow.
KERPA has developed a wish list that includes a designated marked vehicle to take to the scene of calls. The vehicle could then be stocked with the necessary equipment and outfitted with lights and sirens.
Sparrow has been using a LifePak 12 defibrillator/monitor on loan from Interior Health and an upgrade to a LifePak 15 is also on the organization's list.
They would also like an automated chest compression device — the LUCAS 3.
KERPA has already raised about $20,000 and has purchased a state-of-the-art hand-held ultrasound machine.
The above equipment will cost about $75,000 to $100,000 so KERPA is looking for a dealership or someone else to sponsor the vehicle and is accepting donations through its Facebook page.
“We are just a volunteer organization, trying to help — we have no political agenda,” added Sparrow. “I feel I have a duty to help these people and I am going to do it — I'm just going to do it.”
And that is where the conversation ended — Sparrow's phone rang, and he was needed elsewhere.
THE Quezon City council passed an ordinance mandating the seismic retrofitting of all buildings owned by the city and barangays (villages) in preparation for a big quake.
City Ordinance 2549-2016 empowers the City Engineering Department to identify potentially-hazardous buildings. The ordinance also covers wood-frame structures constructed prior to the 7.8 magnitude earthquake that hit Luzon in July 1990.
The city council said buildings should be strengthened to reduce the damage and toll on human lives should a strong quake shake the city.
For essential and high-risk buildings, work must be completed within four years after the adoption of the ordinance. For medium and low risk buildings, work must be completed within six years.
High-risk buildings are structures housing 100 or more persons while medium-risk buildings are those occupied by less than a hundred persons.
Mayor Herbert Bautista in January signed the ordinance principally authored by Councilor Gian Carlo Sotto of District 3.
The ordinance mandates the city engineer, Environmental Protection and Waste Management, General Services Development Department and the City General Services Development Department to coordinate with the Philippine Institute of Volcanology and Seismology.
Bautista underscored the need for administrators of all government buildings to assess the “structural integrity” of their buildings to make sure these are disaster resilient. Dempsey Reyes
March 30 India's NSE index ended Thursday at a record closing high after the country moved a step closer to implementing a nationwide goods and services tax starting July.
The broader NSE index ended 0.33 percent higher at 9,173.75 while the benchmark BSE index closed 0.39 percent higher at 29,647.42
For the midday report, click (Reporting by Aby Jose Koilparambil in Bengaluru)
More opposition to Longmeadow Parkway, but county can take land
hello
Kane County Board member Jarett Sanchez found a surprising level of support among colleagues Tuesday for his opposition to using quick take authority for the Longmeadow Parkway.
More opposition than in any other recent vote arose Tuesday against the Longmeadow Parkway, but not nearly enough to prevent Kane County officials from seizing all the land necessary to start construction this spring.
The county board voted 19-5 in favor of giving county transportation officials the power to seek "quick take" authority to obtain land the project needs to proceed. Quick-take is similar to condemnation, except the county receives immediate ownership to the property. The property owner also receives a determination of fair value and the actual compensation much faster than in a condemnation proceeding.
The $135 million project, years in the planning, calls for extending the road from west of Randall Road to Karen Drive and from east of Route 25 to, and along, Route 62. A potential toll bridge would span the Fox River.
County board member Jarett Sanchez said using a judge to snatch someone's property away is "un-American."
"We don't like to see the government coming to take the people's land," he said.
Sanchez was the only board member to oppose the project to this point. But four fellow Democrats -- Myrna Molina, Monica Silva, Angie Thomas and Penny Wegman -- joined him in voting against the quick-take powers Tuesday.
Sanchez called their votes "surprising."
"As I've said, I don't think I'm going to persuade the board to change its mind on Longmeadow," Sanchez said. "I do think if there were members opposing the project on the board in the past there would be a lot more votes now in this direction. It's always been everyone saying, 'It's great, let's vote yes.' Now we have one person saying no. But being so late in the project, it's really a hard case to make without something that's a gut punch. We don't have anything like that."
The pursuit of that gut punch may be fueling incorrect statements on social media that several county board members felt the need to correct.
"The problem with a lot of what the opposition is saying is that they say it without actually understanding," said board member Becky Gillam. "We are not taking people's houses. We are not ruining people's financial futures. There are no endangered species in the corridor."
Transportation committee Chairman Drew Frasz characterized the land the county must use quick-take powers for as "crumbs, the last vestiges that we have to acquire for the project." He said the legal proceeding, if necessary, only prevents an unfruitful land negotiation from holding up the whole project.
"We have multimillion dollars of federal funding on the line," Frasz said. "Nobody will be paid anything less than their land is worth. This is not an uncommon thing. It's very fair."
A new attraction is coming to south Mississippi.
Edgewater Mall announcing Sky Zone Trampoline Park will open at the mall in Spring of 20-19.
Christina Garcia tells us what you can expect inside.
Deals of the day-Mergers and acquisitions
June 14 The following bids, mergers, acquisitions and disposals were reported by 2000 GMT on Wednesday:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
TORONTO – It sounds like a potentially perilous situation: an officer calling for assistance while on duty. Except in the case of two Toronto officers on Sunday, the problem wasn't gunfire or an uncooperative arrestee—it was pot the cops had allegedly consumed.
CBC News reports the officers, whose names haven't been released by the department, allegedly ate marijuana edibles near a police station and then reportedly started to hallucinate.
That's when CBC News reports that one made the call, though sources tell CP24 a more colorful story: that the call was placed after one officer ended up in a tree.
The two were reportedly found in a police vehicle and at least one of them was brought to the hospital. Making the situation worse: an officer who responded to the scene slipped on ice and suffered a head injury in the process.
The Toronto Star reports that some hours prior, a raid had been carried out on a nearby marijuana dispensary; it reports that it's unclear if the officers in question participated, but a source tells CBC News the edibles that were allegedly consumed were thought to have been taken during that raid.
The officers have reportedly been suspended and will be investigated by the professional standards unit. (These stoned drug traffickers called 911 on themselves.)
This article originally appeared on Newser: Cops Allegedly Eat Pot on Duty, Start Hallucinating
More From Newser:
Emmanuel Macron, head of the political movement En Marche !, or Onwards !, and candidate for the 2017 presidential election, attends a campaign rally in Paris, France, May 1, 2017. REUTERS/Benoit Tessier/File Photo
Jaroslaw Kaczynski, the leader of the ruling Law and Justice Party (PiS) speaks during a news conference in Warsaw, Poland March 13, 2017. REUTERS/Kacper Pempel/File Photo
WARSAW Poland protested on Tuesday after French presidential candidate Emmanuel Macron named its most powerful politician alongside Russia's Vladimir Putin as the leaders of 'regimes' allied with his far-right opponent Marine Le Pen.
The perceived slur against Jaroslaw Kaczynski, head of the governing Law and Justice Party (PiS), follows comments from Macron last week that, if elected, he would urge the European Union to impose sanctions on Poland for violating democratic norms.
Together, the two incidents are likely to make for testy relations between Macron and the biggest of the EU's eastern ex-communist nations if, as expected, he wins the election on Sunday.
"We all know who Le Pen's allies are: the regimes of (Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor) Orban, Kaczynski, Putin. These aren't regimes with an open and free democracy. Every day they break many democratic freedoms," Macron said on Monday.
Poland's Foreign Ministry said in a statement: "Pointing to a supposed alliance between Le Pen and the leader of Law and Justice is a manipulation. And the inclusion of Jaroslaw Kaczynski in the ranks of 'Le Pen's friends who break numerous freedoms' is improper and highly unsuitable."
Naming Kaczynski in the same breath as Putin is especially sensitive for the Polish side, as the PiS leader has always suspected Russia's involvement in a 2010 plane crash there in which his brother, Polish President Lech Kaczynski, and 95 others were killed. Russia denies blame, and an inquiry by the previous Polish government returned a verdict of pilot error.
"We also want to remind that anyone who knows the history and Poland's internal situation has no right to accuse Poles of affinity towards imperial Russia," the foreign ministry said.
WORSENING TIES
The speaker of the lower house of parliament, Stanislaw Karczewski, called Macron's words on Kaczynski "reprehensible". Ryszard Czarnecki, a member of the European Parliament, told the Polish media that Macron was making a strategic mistake.
Poland's government, headed by the nationalist-minded PiS since late 2015, has been under fire from the EU over an overhaul of the country's constitutional court, which Brussels says could undermine democratic checks and balances.
The bickering with Macron further sours already fragile relations with France, which deteriorated after Poland last year called off a $3.5 billion contract for military helicopters from Airbus, without giving much explanation.
Polish Foreign Minister Witold Waszczykowski held a 90-minute meeting with Le Pen in January, pictures of which he posted on Twitter.
Sources told Reuters that in February, staff at state-owned media were advised to avoid "ultra-right" when describing Le Pen and to keep the coverage of her ties with Russia "moderate".
Radoslaw Sikorski, Poland's former foreign minister and a political opponent of PiS, told Reuters the government "has worked very hard" to break relations with France and the EU, and its decisions will lead to Warsaw's further exclusion from decision-making circles.
"Just stop breaking the constitution, stop the politicization of the public media, stop the attempts to politicize the judiciary and then you will not get such comments, because, unfortunately, they reflect the reality," he said.
(Additional reporting by Michel Rose in Paris; Writing by Lidia Kelly; Editing by Mark Trevelyan)
A few weeks ago I sat in the emergency room hearing about the blood clots in my husband's lungs and learning how lucky it was he was alive. He had a saddle pulmonary embolism, meaning that blood clots were in both lungs. Later doctors were to tell us that many pulmonary embolisms are not discovered until an autopsy, i.e., after the person who had them died. One specialist said that, due to the location and amount of blood clots, by the time my husband arrived he could have died within an hour if he hadn't come to the hospital.
Not losing the wonderful man I married makes me grateful. It also leaves lessons for the rest of us about this illness and need to ensure all have the medical care that extends health and preserves lives.
Regarding the acute illness that befell my husband, more people should be aware of its symptoms and how to prevent it. In his case, lung clots migrated from clots in a leg. That's not unusual.
Symptoms can be subtle but are very serious. While clots in a leg or arm, termed Deep Vein Thrombosis (DVT), may not generate any signs, the most common symptoms are swelling, unexplained pain or tenderness, and warmth and redness of the skin. Pulmonary embolisms, which can arise without DVT symptoms, can bring shortness of breath, chest pain, coughing up blood, feeling lightheaded, anxiety and faster heartbeats.
DVT often arises from long travel periods with limited movement. Although uninterrupted trips of five hours or more are most risky, recommendations are to move every two to three hours. That's not long for those of us used to driving long distances. Even if you don't stop and walk around that often, at least move your ankles, feet and legs. Those motions can prevent leg blood clots and thus the pulmonary embolism that can follow. But that's not the only cause. Others develop the clots following surgery, during or after cancer treatment, during or after pregnancy, when on contraception or other medicine with estrogen, or after surgery. Up to 8 percent of the population has a genetic predisposition.
According to the Centers on Disease Control and Prevention, around 900,000 Americans get DVT and pulmonary embolisms each year, leading to up to 100,000 deaths. Survivors are at greater risk for future blood clots and are more likely to become disabled and unable to work. Having had DVT or a pulmonary embolism is a pre-existing condition for which insurance companies used to be able to deny coverage, a practice ended by the Affordable Care Act, also known as Obamacare.
Experts tell people with symptoms of DVT and pulmonary embolism to go to a hospital as soon as possible, but some may not go because they're worried about the cost. Thus health coverage is critical for people who may not seek treatment when delay could be deadly. Coverage is also necessary for the needed follow-up care, which includes medicine, expensive scans, and visits to primary care providers and specialists. Blood thinners may be needed for months, years, or even for the rest of the person's life.
So far President Trump and the Republican Congress have not overturned the Affordable Care Act, but more can be done to preserve its protections and cover more Americans.
First, citizens and leaders should tell Trump to stop talking about undermining the law so fewer people are covered and coverage is worse. Recently Trump threatened to stop cost-sharing payments that partially cover medical bills. Sounding like a hostage taker, Trump said, “I don't want people to get hurt. What I think should happen — and will happen — is the Democrats will start calling me and negotiating.”
Second, rather than undermining health coverage, we should increase it. In Maine, that means supporting the referendum to expand Medicaid. Studies show that this will save lives and improve health while improving the states' economies, helping rural hospitals, and not hurting state finances.
Even with the best health care policies, tragedies will happen. But lousier coverage for fewer people of the sort Trump and the Republican Congress seek will lead to the sort of suffering my family thankfully avoided.
A U.S. Navy P-3 plane and a Chinese military aircraft came close to each other over the South China Sea in an incident the Navy believes was inadvertent, a U.S. official told Reuters on Thursday.
The official, speaking on condition of anonymity, said the aircraft came within 1,000 feet (305 meters) of each other on Wednesday in the vicinity of the Scarborough Shoal, between the Philippines and the Chinese mainland.
The official added that such incidents involving Chinese and American aircraft are infrequent, with only two having taken place in 2016.
The U.S. aircraft was “on a routine mission operating in accordance with international law,” U.S. Pacific Command told Reuters in a statement.
“On Feb. 8, an interaction characterized by U.S. Pacific Command as ‘unsafe' occurred in international airspace above the South China Sea, between a Chinese KJ-200 aircraft and a U.S. Navy P-3C aircraft,” it said.
The KJ-200 is a propeller airborne early warning and control aircraft based originally on the old Soviet-designed An-12.
“The Department of Defense and U.S. Pacific Command are always concerned about unsafe interactions with Chinese military forces,” Pacific Command added.
“We will address the issue in appropriate diplomatic and military channels.”
In Beijing, China's defense ministry told state media the Chinese pilot responded with “legal and professional measures”.
“We hope the U.S. side keeps in mind the present condition of relations between the two countries and militaries, adopts practical measures, and eliminates the origin of air and sea mishaps between the two countries,” the Global Times cited an unnamed defense ministry official as saying.
Separately, China's Defense Ministry said in a statement on Friday three ships had left port for drills taking in the South China Sea, eastern Indian Ocean and Western Pacific.
China's blockade of Scarborough Shoal, a prime fishing spot, prompted the previous Philippine government to file a legal case in 2013 at the Permanent Court of Arbitration in the Hague, infuriating Beijing, which refused to take part.
While the court last year largely rejected China's claims, new Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte has sought to mend ties with Beijing and the situation around the shoal has largely calmed down.
China is deeply suspicious of any U.S. military activity in the resource-rich South China Sea.
In December, a Chinese naval vessel picked up a U.S. underwater drone in the South China Sea near the Philippines, triggering a U.S. diplomatic protest. China later returned it.
The United States has previously criticized what it called China's militarization of its maritime outposts in the South China Sea, and stressed the need for freedom of navigation with periodic air and naval patrols nearby, angering Beijing.
Tomorrow 50%
High 30° / Low 26°
Chance of Rain
A few showers in the morning, then clouds lingering in the afternoon. High around 30C. Winds E at 15 to 25 km/h. Chance of rain 50%.
New U.S. funds would mimic ADRs but cut currency risk -filing
NEW YORK, June 14 An investment company is planning to offer a novel kind of fund that would offer U.S. investors direct access to foreign stocks, while tamping down the risk of currency declines, regulatory filings showed on Wednesday.
Hull City's hopes of staying in the Premier League hinge on their ability to start picking up points on the road, manager Marco Silva has said ahead of his team's trip to Stoke City on Saturday.
Silva, who took over from Mike Phelan in January, has overseen a dramatic improvement in Hull's home form, with the team unbeaten in six home league games under their new manager.
But Hull, who are 17th and two points clear of the drop zone, have not been able to replicate their success away from the KCOM Stadium, picking up just five points on the road all season.
"It's important to end the run away from home," Silva told a news conference on Thursday. "We need to pick up points away to stay in the Premier League."
Hull have earned just one point in six away games under Silva -- at Manchester United in February -- and the Portuguese said the trip to Stoke would offer a good opportunity to pick up a few more.
Stoke are 13th in the table and have lost their last four league matches, while Hull are boosted by the return of midfielder Tom Huddlestone, who is back after a three-match suspension.
"(Huddlestone) is an important player for us and gives another option," Silva said.
Defender Omar Elabdellaoui has been ruled out of the game, while Harry Maguire and striker Dieumerci Mbokani face late fitness tests.
(Reporting by Hardik Vyas in Bengaluru Editing by Jeremy Gaunt)
April 28 TALKPOOL AG:
* TALKPOOL AG AND SIGREN ENGINEERING AG AND IS AWARDED AN IOT SMART BUILDING ASSIGNMENT FOR REAL ESTATE IN ZÜRICH, SWITZERLAND
* ORDER VALUE IS INITIALLY LIMITED BUT HAS GOOD OPPORTUNITIES TO BE EXPANDED Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
× Colon and rectal cancer screenings should start at 45, new guidelines say
If you're in your mid-40s and haven't had your colon checked, it might be time.
The American Cancer Society's newly updated guidelines for colon and rectal cancer screening recommend that adults at average risk get screened starting at age 45 instead of 50, as previously advised.
The updated guidelines come on the heels of what seems to be a rise in colorectal cancer among younger adults.
Those at higher risk include African Americans, Alaska Natives, and people with a family history or a personal history of colon or rectal polyps; risk factors such as these could require screening earlier.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Published in CA: A Cancer Journal for Clinicians on Wednesday, the updated guidelines also indicate that there are six screening test options for adults, ranging from noninvasive stool tests to visual exams like colonoscopy, depending on the preference of the patient and availability of the test.
Other health organizations in the United States -- such as the US Preventive Services Task Force -- still recommend routine screening for colon and rectal cancers starting at age 50.
Colorectal cancer, which includes both colon and rectal cancers, is the third most common cause of cancer-related deaths in the world, according to the World Health Organization.
In the United States, colorectal cancer is the second-leading cause of cancer-related deaths among cancers that affect both men and women, according to the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
Some studies suggest that the rates of colorectal cancer deaths are climbing among American adults younger than 55.
After declining overall from 1970 to 2004, colon and rectal cancer mortality rates among 20- to 54-year-olds in the United States increased by 1% annually from 2004 to 2014, according to a study published last year in the medical journal JAMA.
"Behind these numbers are real people and real faces, and all of us in the colorectal cancer world and all the gastroenterologists and all the oncologists have been seeing more and more young people who develop this disease," said Dr. Richard Wender, chief cancer control officer at the American Cancer Society, who oversaw the development of the new guidelines.
"In people born more recently, they're at four times the risk for rectal cancer than people born in the '50s (at the same age), for example, and double the risk of colon cancer," he said. "It's what we call a birth cohort effect. Nobody knows why really clearly, and that's a big area of interest, but nobody's questioning that it's happening."
Six screening test options
To make the updated guidelines, researchers conducted a systematic review of published studies on colorectal cancer screening strategies.
The researchers also commissioned a microsimulation modeling study involving a model called MISCAN, which simulates colorectal cancer incidence and mortality and estimates risk factors and the impact of screening and treatment practices.
The researchers' new modeling study was an extension of analyses conducted for the US Preventive Services Task Force recommendations, and it assessed the potential risk and benefit of various colorectal screening strategies among black and white men and women in the United States.
Based on their review and that simulation modeling, the researchers identified efficient strategies for screening starting at age 45.
Those strategies were undergoing colonoscopy every 10 years; a computed tomography colonography or "virtual colonoscopy" every five years; a flexible sigmoidoscopy every five years; a multitarget stool DNA test every three years; a take-home fecal immunochemical test annually; or a take-home high-sensitivity guaiac fecal occult blood test annually.
The updated guidelines also noted that there is wide variation in the costs of those screening options, depending on patient insurance plans, ranging from around $30 for a take-home fecal immunochemical test to thousands of dollars for a colonoscopy.
In a written statement Wednesday, the American Cancer Society's Cancer Action Network, the nonpartisan advocacy affiliate of the American Cancer Society, said that consumers should understand what their individual insurance policy will cover should they begin screening at age 45, rather than age 50.
"Consumers should also understand that there are many screening options, and they may find certain screening options more affordable than others, particularly when faced with potential out-of-pocket expenses," the statement said.
America's Health Insurance Plans spokeswoman Cathryn Donaldson said in a statement Wednesday, "Health plans cover most needed screenings, including mammograms and colonoscopies, often at no additional cost to the patient. Insurance providers consider available evidence, clinical guidelines and recommendations from organizations such as the American Cancer Society to understand when preventive screenings are needed.
"Whether or not you need a screening will depend on your age, medical history and other risk factors. When a doctor recommends a screening because of such risk factors, it is usually covered," said the association, which represents companies providing health care coverage and other related services to Americans.
Outside of the cost and the frequency in which a test is recommended to be done, "all these tests are approximately equal in their value and can be offered," Wender said.
"We know from trials that if you offer a choice between colonoscopy and a less-invasive test, that more people will opt to be screened, which is our goal in the end," he said. "The evidence is now absolutely clear, and I can't emphasize how carefully this was done. It took us two years of work to provide a compelling argument and evidence that the screening age for everyone should begin at age 45, not age 50."
What explains the rise in colorectal cancer?
Time will tell whether other leading health organizations follow in the American Cancer Society's footsteps with recommending screening for adults younger than 50.
Additionally, more research could shed light on why there has been a rise in colorectal cancer among these younger adults, said Dr. George Chang, chief of colorectal surgery at MD Anderson Cancer Center in Houston, who was not involved in the updated guidelines.
"The rates of screening right now under the age of 50 are negligible. Therefore, what we've observed with the rising incidence is not simply a result of detection bias," Chang said. "This appears to be a real phenomenon."
He added that he has some ideas regarding what factors could be driving this rise, as "there are a number of things that have changed over the past several decades that have to do with exposures and lifestyle."
"We know that obesity's associated with an increased incidence of many cancers, including colorectal cancer, and the obesity epidemic remains an important and growing problem in the US. So that may be one associated factor," Chang said.
Other possible factors could include sedentary lifestyles, environmental exposures and diets high in processed foods, he said.
"While we have not identified the causal factor, it is likely that all of these factors contribute to this rising incidence," he said.
A separate report released last week by the World Cancer Research Fund and the American Institute for Cancer Research highlighted strong evidence that being physically active and eating whole grains and foods high in fiber, along with other healthy habits, can decrease the risk of colorectal cancer.
Consuming red meat, processed meat and alcoholic beverages, among other factors, could increase the risk of colorectal cancer.
For any adult, no matter how old, Chang said that paying attention to your body and bowel habits are important for tracking your overall health -- and that alerting your doctor to any changes is key.
"Even if you're younger, if you're noticing that there's a change in your bowel habits or your stools and that something isn't right, then see your doctor," he said. "That's the public health statement, which is, pay attention to your bowels, and seek medical care if things don't seem right, if there's blood in your stools or your bowel habits change suddenly."
'This gives us a real opportunity'
Dr. Nilofer Saba Azad, associate professor of oncology at Johns Hopkins Medicine in Baltimore, agrees with the newly updated guidelines.
"If you take into account the fact that people develop colon cancer or rectal cancer over many years, and that there's a step wise progression from having no abnormalities to then having polyps and then developing cancer, this gives us a real opportunity to stop people from ever developing cancer by moving screening ages younger," said Azad, who was not involved with the guidelines.
"It's not just that you would catch the younger people with cancer but that you would actually catch the younger people with just a polyp that can be removed at the time of colonoscopy, and they never get a cancer. So it's preventative, not just early diagnosis," she said, adding that she thinks the risks of screening younger outweigh the benefits.
Such risks include false-negative or false-positive results, as well as rare complications or feelings of anxiety with more invasive testing approaches, such as colonoscopy.
Yet "there are many ways you can screen for colon cancer beyond colonoscopy, and we can find a way no matter how squeamish people are," Azad said.
UPDATE 1-South Africa's Vodacom names Moleketi as chairman
JOHANNESBURG, June 15 South Africa's Vodacom Group said on Thursday it has appointed non-executive director Jabu Moleketi to succeed Peter Moyo as the mobile phone network operator's next chairman.
METALS-London copper slips to 1-wk low after US rate rise
(Adds detail, updates prices) By Melanie Burton MELBOURNE, June 15 London copper dipped to its lowest in a week on Thursday after the U.S. Federal Reserve raised rates for the second time this year, boosting financing costs for industry. Amid a mixed economic outlook in the United States and slowing industrial activity in China exacerbated by the end of financial quarter, metals could come under further selling pressure, broker Kingdom Futures said in a report. "Toda
A Kelowna mother and her son were splattered in falling feces as it covered their car and came through the sunroof
A Kelowna woman has conjunctivitis in both eyes, a hefty car detailing bill to pay and a lot of anger after being splattered with feces that fell from the sky.
Susan Allan was in the car with her son in the early afternoon of May 9. She was stopped at the street lights on Spall Road and Bernard Avenue when an unwelcome deluge covered her car and came through the open sunroof.
“We were parked at the lights when the ‘sky poop' starting falling,” said Allan. “It got all over my car, it got all over (me) and got on my son, inside my vehicle. It was definitely falling from the sky.”
When they looked up they saw the bottom of an airplane as it flew overhead.
“It was just very wet and smelled terrible. I can't really describe the feeling … it was almost like chunks of mud falling from the sky hitting you in the face,” said Allan.
“My son said that the sensation he got was a cold feeling as it hit his face, then the smell was overwhelming for him and he almost got sick as it was hitting his face.”
They got out of their car and a woman nearby pointed the plane out to them.
“I mean we were covered in it, our vehicle and their vehicle was also hit with the same poop,” said Allan.
That “sky poop” sent Allan to her doctor's office out of fear of infection or catching something worse. Her doctor's note shows that she was diagnosed with conjunctivitis in both eyes as a result of “…being inundated with sewerage from an overhead plane, while driving her car.”
Image: Contributed by Susan Allan
Transport Canada states that it takes all reports of possible debris coming from aircraft very seriously.
“Transport Canada is aware of the incident you describe and we are looking into it,” said spokesperson Daniel Savoie
“Each air operator is responsible for ensuring that their aircraft operate safely and in compliance with the Canadian Aviation Regulations. Section 602.23, ‘Dropping of Objects', states “No person shall create a hazard to persons or property on the surface by dropping an object from an aircraft in flight.” Any operator found to be in contravention of the Canadian Aviation Regulations will be subject to enforcement action under Transport Canada's mandate.”
As for Allan, she said she waited until this week to alert the media as she has hoped the airport would make it right, but after weeks of no reply she reached out to the media.
“I reported it to them hoping the airport would deal with me without having to go through the news to stop the embarrassment for both of us, but it didn't turn out that way so I had to go to the news.”
She claims she has been getting mixed messaging from authorities
“I was told that there were three planes that flew over that area at that time, then I was told that there was one plane that flew over that area at that time and now all of a sudden no plane flew over the area at that time,” said Allan. “I believe that the airport should take responsibility for what happened to me and my son, maybe clean out my car and compensate for the infection that I got in my eyes.
“I believe that they owe me an apology for both making me feel like I did something wrong by reporting it, and for it happening in the first place.”
The Kelowna International Airport has not yet replied to a request for comment.
To report a typo, email:
newstips@kelownacapnews.com.
@carmenweld
carmen.weld@bpdigital.ca
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
During his Margaret River Semifinal against Kolohe Andino, Filipe Toledo walked out of the water with a bloody foot, and honest to goodness, I thought a shark had stolen one of Filipe's toes, that bright red suit like a tiny matador's cape for hordes of toro-like sharks among the chum. But it was merely a reef scuff, and the toes feel fine, as you can see, because the airs in Filipe's freesurfing sessions around West Oz (filmed and edited by Bruno Baroni) are plenty whippy and brisk.
FRANKFURT German industrial gases group Linde's (LING.DE) $65 billion (50.72 billion pounds) merger negotiations with U.S. peer Praxair (PX.N) are "on track" although slightly delayed, Linde's finance chief said on Friday.
"We are on track with the BCA (business combination agreement) negotiation, and a slight delay is due to the legal complexity with the document," Sven Schneider told analysts on a conference call, declining to comment further.
A source familiar with the situation told Reuters earlier this month that the BCA would not be finalised as planned before Linde's annual shareholder meeting on May 10.
Earlier, Linde reported better-than-expected first-quarter results thanks to business in Europe and Asia and at its engineering division.
(Reporting by Georgina Prodhan; Editing by Maria Sheahan)
I love New York, and today I'm announcing my candidacy for governor. Join us: https://t.co/9DwsxWW8xX pic.twitter.com/kYTvx6GZiD
SEX AND THE STATE Cynthia Nixon (Miranda From 'SATC') Announces Candidacy For NY Governor Of New York With A Personal Video
The actress and activist, best known for playing Miranda Hobbes on "Sex and the City," officially announced her primary challenge to New York Governor Andrew Cuomo in a video condemning growing inequality in the Empire State.
FILE PHOTO: U.S. singer Janet Jackson performs on stage during her ''Number Ones - Up Close and Personal'' tour at the Royal Albert Hall in London June 30, 2011. REUTERS/Dylan Martinez/File Photo
LONDON Singer Janet Jackson has announced she is going back on tour later this year, returning to the stage in the United States and Canada after taking time off to give birth to her first child.
In a video message to fans, the pop star also referred to media reports that she had split from her Qatari businessman husband Wissam Al Mana, saying: "Yes I separated from my husband, we are in court and the rest is in God's hands".
Jackson, 50, last year said she was postponing her "Unbreakable" music tour due to a "sudden change" in the couple's plans to start a family. She gave birth to son Eissa in January.
"I'm continuing my tour as I promised, I'm so excited," the singer said in the video posted on her Twitter feed, thanking fans for their patience and support.
"I decided to change the name of the tour, 'State of the World' tour. It's not about politics, it's about people, the world, relationships and just love."
The youngest child in the famed musical Jackson family, the Grammy Award winning singer began her "Unbreakable" tour in summer 2015. She will kick off the four-month, 56-date North American "State of the World" tour on Sept. 7 in Lafayette, Louisiana.
"I am so excited," Jackson said. "I cannot wait to see you on stage September 7th."
(Reporting by Marie-Louise Gumuchian; Editing by Tom Heneghan)
Retired LMPD Officer Curtis Flaherty is accused of covering up the alleged sexual abuse of minors by the officers he oversaw in the Youth Explorer Program.
A plane bearing a political message was seen flying over parts of Wakefield over the weekend, having been spotted over areas of the country in recent months.
The light aircraft was seen towing the banner which reads ‘Labour is Death UK' shortly before 11am on Saturday.
It flew over Lupset, Flanshaw and the bottom of Westgate.
The same plane has been reported flying over Merseyside and Manchester in November.
There has been speculation on social media that the message is political, while others think it could be a music promotion.
April 12 Hunters Property Plc:
* Announces its preliminary results for year ended 31 december 2016
* FY network income rose 17 percent to £35.4 million
* FY revenue increased by 15 percent to £13.8 million
* FY adjusted profit before tax increased 31 percent to £1.86 million
* Proposed 30 percent increase in final dividend to 1.30p, increasing fy dividend by 27 percent to 1.90p
* "Q1 has started well taking us past 200 branches"
* Continue to out-perform general market activity; instructions up on last year and pipeline of new branch prospects remains healthy
* Continue to see numbers outperforming market conditions with instructions for first two months up 9% versus same period last year
* "Do not believe we will be significantly impacted" by government's intention to ban lettings tenant fees
* "May benefits from such a ban in any event as independent agents seek assistance of networks to grow replacement revenue" Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bangalore.newsroom@thomsonreuters.com)
Florida officials on Sunday lifted evacuation orders for about 2,000 homes threatened by wildfires in drought-stricken central and southwestern parts of the state, after rainfall helped firefighters battle the blazes.
As of Sunday morning, a 5,500-acre wildfire in Collier County in southwest Florida that has destroyed nine homes was 50 percent contained, according to officials.
In Polk County in central Florida, a wildfire that charred 700 acres was 75 percent contained. A spokesman for the sheriff's office on Saturday had said that fire was being investigated as suspicious.
Governor Rick Scott, who declared a state of emergency on April 11, said in a statement on Sunday that the rain had been a blessing.
"While we are hopeful that the weather will continue to provide relief, we know these fires can change at a moment's notice due to wind and rain, and it is important that we remain alert and prepared," he said.
(Reporting by Joseph Ax; Editing by David Gregorio)
* Q1 GDP to be hit by 0.4 pct worst case scenario-economists
* Coal, construction agriculture big losers from Debbie
* Tourism seen being hit too after damage to resorts
* Repair, rebuilding to boost growth in coming months
By Swati Pandey
SYDNEY, March 31 A devastating cyclone that pummelled Australia's northeast this week is likely to have a dampening effect on the country's economy with coal production, exports and construction activity taking a hit.
While a more concrete picture of the damage from Cyclone Debbie will be clearer in coming weeks, economists say Australia's first quarter gross domestic output could be lower by 0.4 percent, in the worst-case scenario.
That makes it more likely that the country's A$1.7 trillion ($1.3 trillion) economy will slow to under 2 percent in the first quarter from 2.4 percent the previous quarter.
Cyclone Debbie hit as a category four storm on Tuesday in the north of tropical Queensland state, which generates almost 20 percent of Australia's GDP at A$316 billion.
It was downgraded to a tropical low depression but on Thursday was driving squalls with torrential rain across a 1,200-km (745-mile) stretch of Australia's east coast, swelling rivers and causing major flooding.
"So Debbie's economic legacy could be fairly large," said Paul Dales, chief economist at Capital Economics.
"The big losers are those construction companies that couldn't get on site, the miners that shut down operations and the manufacturers whose factories were empty."
In the Bowen Basin, the world's single largest source of coal used to make steel, Glencore said its mines were not damaged by the storm but restarting production depended on railways reopening. BHP, was still assessing the extent of any disruption to shipments.
Queensland's top insurers, Suncorp Group Ltd and RACQ, said it was too early to put a dollar figure on the damage.
Severe damage has been inflicted on vegetable and fruit crops in the Bowen and Mackay areas, with potential harm to this year's sugar crop which was due to be harvested in about six weeks' time.
The wide region impacted by the cyclone contributes over A$1 billion of agricultural production annually, providing about 95 percent of Australia's winter supply of tomatoes and capsicums, said John Peters, senior economist at Commonwealth Bank.
Tourism is another area that has taken a big hit from Debbie, with damage to popular resorts particularly in Whitsundays island which alone accounts for about 10 percent of Australia's tourism earnings.
While a lower GDP will not be welcomed by the Reserve Bank of Australia, it is likely to look through the volatility in the data when setting policy rates. It holds its next policy meeting on April 4.
The deleterious impact of the cyclone will likely be short-term with rebuilding and repair activity expected to prop up economic growth in coming months, economists said.
"The State, Federal and local governments will rebuild damaged rail, roads, buildings and bridges," Peters said.
"The private sector will also rebuild the port facilities, marinas, and tourism areas. So the lift in investment could be a substantial positive influences on the June, September and December GDP calculations." ($1 = 1.3082 Australian dollars) (Reporting by Swati Pandey; Editing by Michael Perry)
ABUJA (Reuters) - Nigeria's President Muhammadu Buhari has said he feels ready to return home from medical leave in Britain, and is awaiting his doctor's permission, a presidency statement said on Saturday.
Buhari's extended absence for an undisclosed ailment, his second this year, left many in Nigeria questioning whether he was well enough to run the country. The president has spent more time since the beginning of 2017 in Britain than in Nigeria.
That has sparked numerous protests, including demands that Buhari should resign, as well as calls for more transparency about the president's condition.
"I feel I could go home, but the doctors are in charge," Buhari said, according to Saturday's statement, adding that there has been a "tremendous improvement" in his health.
Photos released by the presidency show Buhari standing outdoors, grinning and wearing sunglasses while holding a large "Get well soon" card, with a handful of officials around him in a leafy, residential area.
The 74-year-old president had already been in London from January to March for sick leave before returning to Britain in May for further treatment.
Both times, the president appointed his deputy, Yemi Osinbajo, to act in his stead.
Buhari's lengthy illness has sparked speculation about his ability to seek a second term in 2019. Politicians and diplomats have started privately discussing potential candidates should the current president not run.
If Buhari does not stand, it could also lead to greater ethnic and religious tensions in Nigeria, long riven by divisions between the largely Muslim north and the mostly Christian south.
Members of both the Muslim north and Christian south feel that a representative from either side should hold the presidency for the maximum two terms, eight years, before the opposite faction's candidate can then lead the nation.
Yet Buhari's appointment of Osinbajo, a southern Christian, as acting president did help allay fears of the intense political infighting of 2010 after then-president Umaru Yar'Adua fell ill and failed to nominate someone to run the country.
It was only when Yar'Adua, a northern Muslim, died in May that year that his vice president Goodluck Jonathan became Nigeria's leader, resolving the constitutional crisis.
When Jonathan successfully won the presidential election in 2011, one that many viewed as a vote that should have given the Muslim north its second term in the presidency, hundreds died in riots protesting against that victory.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Imagi International Holdings Ltd :
* ‍COMPANY HAS AGREED TO SELL SALE SHARES OF IMAGINATION HOLDING LIMITED FOR HK$150 MILLION ​
* DEAL TO RECOGNISE A PROFIT OF HK$9.7 MILLION Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
For the good part of the afternoon, Associate Justices Lucas Bersamin and Presbitero Velasco Jr pounded on one issue: who should produce the contradictory evidence that there's no sufficient basis to declare the martial law?
Published 3:35 AM, June 14, 2017
MANILA, Philippines – The Supreme Court of the Philippines begins its oral arguments on martial law in Mindanao began on Tuesday, June 13.
First thing tackled by the justices and petitioners? The burden of proof.
Lian Buan files this video blog:
LIAN BUAN, REPORTING: Day one of the Supreme Court Oral Arguments on martial law is done for the day.
This is the first time that the SC and the petitioners are tackling something like this.
For the good part of the afternoon, Associate Justices Lucas Bersamin and Presbitero Velasco pounded on one issue: who should produce the contradictory evidence that there's no sufficient basis to declare the martial law?
Justice Bersamin said the SC is a passive institution, it's not an investigative body who could go out there and find the evidence.
LUCAS BERSAMIN, SC ASSOCIATE JUSTICE: So there is no standard? You leave that to the court, to the good judgment of the court, as you would leave the proclamation of martial law to the good judgment of the President. We do not know what you want because you are the one challenging the proclamation, but we are willing to presume the good faith of the government.
Justice Velasco even asked the petitioners to submit to them documents which provide a support to their assertion that there's no sufficient basis to declare the martial law.
PRESBITERO VELASCO JR, SC ASSOCIATE JUSTICE: There's no attachment at all of any document that would tell the court that there's probably no truth in the statements contained in the Proclamation 216. You have only made a very bare assertion that there is no sufficient factual basis, and this to me is not proof at all.
For Marlon Manuel of the Alternative Law Groups who's representing the Marawi group of petitioners, the constitution is clear that the SC may review the factual basis of the martial law, and as such they have the power to find the evidence.
MARLON MANUEL, COUNSEL OF PETITIONER: The constitution specifically allows for a review mechanism and in fact it even orders the SC to decide within 30 days, this is a unique power of judicial review, this is not a simple review of an official's act.
How will they do it? Will they compel government officials or subpoena documents? Manuel said it's up to them to decide how to do it.
For him, it is not enough to go by what the government is willing to say and not have a check and balance in one of the most pressing issues of the nation today.
Lian Buan, Rappler, Manila. – Rappler.com
PRAGUE Prosecutors in Prague on Wednesday cleared the way for a court hearing on whether a Russian accused of hacking LinkedIn Corp should be extradited.
Yevgeniy Nikulin was arrested last year and is sought by both the United States and Russia.
A spokeswoman for the Prague Municipal Court said the court would announce in coming days a hearing date to decide on U.S. and Russian extradition requests. Prague municipal prosecutors said both extradition demands had substance.
Nikulin has been indicted by a U.S. federal grand jury that said he had hacked into the U.S.-based social media companies LinkedIn Corp, Dropbox and Formspring.
Russia has also applied to have Nikulin extradited to Moscow in connection with a 2009 internet theft of $3,450.
If the court determines that both countries' requests are valid, the justice minister would make the final extradition decision.
Moscow criticised Nikulin's arrest last October, saying Washington was mounting a global manhunt against its citizens.
A U.S. federal grand jury in Oakland, California, indicted Nikulin on Oct. 21. His arrest in Prague that month was carried out in cooperation with the U.S. Federal Bureau of Investigation.
LinkedIn Corp has said the arrest was related to a 2012 breach at the social networking company that might have compromised the credentials of 100 million users, prompting it to launch a massive password reset operation.
(Reporting by Robert Muller; Editing by Stephen Powell)
Formula One - F1 - Australian Grand Prix - Melbourne, Australia - 23/03/2017 Sauber driver Pascal Wehrlein of Germany poses during the driver portrait session at the first race of the year. REUTERS/Brandon Malone
LONDON Italian rookie Antonio Giovinazzi will again replace Pascal Wehrlein at Sauber in Sunday's Chinese Grand Prix due to the German's fitness issues, the Swiss-based Formula One team said on Monday.
Sauber are hoping Wehrlein, who withdrew from last month's season-opener in Australia, could be back for the third round in Bahrain or Russia after that.
Giovinazzi, a Ferrari-backed driver who is the first Italian to race in Formula One since 2011, made an impressive debut in Melbourne when he finished 12th.
"For me the most important is that I can train intensively to ensure a 100 percent performance from my side as soon as possible," said Wehrlein, who raced for now-defunct Manor last year and has Mercedes ties.
"I will then be well-prepared for my first complete Grand Prix weekend for the Sauber F1 Team. Hopefully this can be in Bahrain but, if not, then we will take the time it needs until Russia to make sure I am completely ready."
Wehrlein injured his back in a crash at the "Race of Champions" event in Miami in January, and took time off to recover.
He tested in Spain in March and was cleared to drive at Albert Park for Ferrari-powered Sauber before pulling out on the Saturday before final practice.
"My fitness level is not as it should be for a full race distance because of my training deficit," the 22-year-old said at the time.
"Therefore, the Sauber F1 Team has decided not to take any risks. It is a pity, but the best decision for the team."
This year's cars are taking corners much faster due to fatter tyres and aerodynamic changes, subjecting the drivers to greater G-forces, and several drivers have worked hard over the winter to add upper body strength.
Mercedes team boss Toto Wolff backed Wehrlein to "come back strong".
"I feel for Pascal, because he has had all the bad luck," said the Austrian.
"I'm impressed with the maturity he has shown to inform Sauber that he wouldn't be able to perform at the level required in Melbourne. That took courage and selflessness, which I know earned him a lot of credit within the team.
"Now, he needs to build up his fitness and come back strong. I have no doubt that when he's back in the car, he'll prove he's still the same Pascal."
(Editing by Ed Osmond)
While the immigration debate occupies politicians, the World Cup shows how much people from other countries help make up the fabric of New York.
A fan of Poland holds up a scarf as he watches a World Cup soccer match between Poland and Colombia at The Garden at Studio Square NYC in New York on Sunday, June 24, 2018. (AP Photo/Terrin Waack)
The lack of a U.S. team caused a big viewership drop for World Cup telecasts.
The 48 group stage telecasts on Fox and FS1 averaged 2,069,000 viewers, according to Nielsen Media Research. That is down 42 per cent from the 3.54 million average on ESPN, ESPN2 and ABC four years ago and down 15 per cent from the 2,429,000 average on ESPN, ESPN2 and ABC eight years ago.
Excluding games involving the U.S. team in previous World Cups, the average declined 28 per cent from the 2014 tournament in Brazil and was up 1 per cent from the 2010 tournament in South Africa.
Most group-stage kickoff times this year were morning EDT, starting as early as 6 a.m., and the latest matches began at 2 p.m. Games in 2014 started mostly from noon to 4 p.m. EDT, while in 2010 games there were many matches at 10 a.m. and some as early as 7:30 a.m.
Twenty-six group-stage matches were aired on Fox, up from six on ABC in 2014 and four on ABC in 2010.
Ratings include only television viewers and not those who viewed digital streams.
Related: England finally wins penalty shootout at World Cup
Related: Defending champion Germany eliminated from World Cup
___
The Associated Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
RICHMOND, Va. - Financial Advisor Jeremy Shipp, Managing Partner of O'Dell, Winkfield, Roseman & Shipp, LLC, made a return visit to our studio to share his advise for how to whip your finances into shape for the new year. For more information you can visit http://www.OWRSfirm.com
Girls play with pigeons near the parliament building in downtown Beirut, Lebanon April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Mohamed Azakir
Lebanese army soldiers secure the area outside the parliament building in downtown Beirut, Lebanon April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Mohamed Azakir
Lebanon's President Michel Aoun (L) meets with Prime Minister Saad al-Hariri at the Presidential Palace in Baabda, Lebanon April 12, 2017. Dalati Nohra/Handout via Reuters
BEIRUT Lebanese President Michel Aoun suspended parliament for a month on Wednesday, temporarily blocking plans to extend the assembly's term without election for the third time since 2013 to try to push politicians to agree election law reforms.
Parliament was expected to vote on Thursday to extend its own mandate again until 2018, officials said. The lawmakers were elected in 2009 for what was meant to be a four-year term.
The president's move eased tensions simmering after activists had called for protests against the planned extension, which they decried as a blow to democracy. The two previous extensions triggered massive protests in central Beirut.
Parliament Speaker Nabih Berri said that it marked the first time a president had used the procedure and that the session had been postponed until May 15.
In a televised address to the nation, Aoun said the delay would give politicians more time to agree on a new electoral law and help protect the Lebanese people's right to vote.
He said there would be no room for another extension "in the era of the revival of the state, its authorities and its institutions".
Parliament elected former army commander Aoun in October, ending a 29-month presidential vacuum in a deal that secured victory for his Lebanese Shi'ite ally Hezbollah, Iran and Syria.
The power-sharing deal saw leading Sunni Muslim politician Saad al-Hariri, whose Saudi-backed coalition opposed Hezbollah for years, appointed premier.
"LAST WARNING"
The Lebanese government has often struggled to make basic decisions and feuding lawmakers have repeatedly crippled parliament.
Since the formation of a new unity cabinet in December that includes nearly all the main parties, politicians including Aoun and Hariri have promised to end institutional paralysis.
For years, the parties have been unable to agree on a new electoral law - resulting in parliament twice extending its own mandate, moves that critics including the European Union have condemned as unconstitutional.
Most political parties have rejected holding parliamentary elections based on the existing system, a sectarian-based electoral law that dates back to 1960. The next round of elections had previously been scheduled for May.
Some politicians say the law divides up the population into constituencies that do not fairly represent the sectarian or political preferences of their supporters. Christian lawmakers have been the most vocal in demanding a new law.
Lebanese politics have long been dogged by sectarian divisions, exacerbated by the war in neighbouring Syria and complicated by regional rivalry between Iran and Saudi Arabia.
Critics and activists accuse Lebanese politicians of using regional upheaval as an excuse to dodge elections.
Civil society groups and some parties opposing an extension called off the protests that had been planned for Thursday. A few dozen demonstrators gathered in Beirut on Wednesday evening.
"The Lebanese president's move today remains incomplete" without political parties setting a new date for elections, said activist Hadi Mounla. "It postponed the problem for a month, but did not radically solve the problem."
Another protester, Atallah Slim, said this should serve as "the last warning" for lawmakers.
Anger at Lebanon's government has fuelled repeated protests in Beirut, particularly in the summer of 2015, when politicians failed to agree a solution to a trash disposal crisis, leaving piles of garbage festered in the streets.
(Editing by Alison Williams)
WAS AND WHEN 'The Man Who Sold The World' Sounds Like It Was Written To Be Played On The Gayageum
Sorry Nirvana, but this just became the best cover of David Bowie's classic.
BEER SEERS Corona Unfamiliar 11 diggs Booze
My friends and I have wondered for years if there's any difference at all between the different kinds of Corona. I decided to get to the bottom of it.
Brigadier General Cirilito Sobejana, commander of the JTF, calls the surrendering of the weapons and ammunition 'a good example to the government officials and the Tausogs... who are bearing arms illegally'
Published 8:00 AM, February 03, 2018
MANILA, Philippines – Municipal Mayor Anton Burahan of Pata, Sulu, along with his barangay captains and additional government officials, personally surrendered a cache of so-called "war material" to the Joint Task Force Sulu (JTF Sulu).
Brigadier General Cirilito Sobejana, commander of the JTF, said the following were surrendered by the mayor and his fellows:
3 81MM Mortar Tubes
one 90 RR (crew-served weapon)
one Cal .50 Barrel
4 M16 Rifles
3 M14 Rifles
5 Garand rifles
one M79 Grenade Launcher
Also surrendered were hundreds of rounds of ammunition of various calibers for the weapons, as well as a number of magazines and clips.
Sobejana said of the act, "The genuine gesture of Mayor Burahan and his constituents in giving up voluntarily their war material... can be a good example to all other government officials and the Tausogs as a whole who are bearing arms illegally."
He added, "With the support and cooperation of all stakeholders, we can see the light at the end of the tunnel here in Lupah Sug." – Rappler.com
* MSCI AC World set for longest streak of monthly gains in decade
* Earnings, solid inflows bolster case for European stocks
* Trump trade threats keep risk appetite in check
* Eurozone inflation, growth accelerates
* Oil set for 2nd week of losses on oversupply
By Vikram Subhedar
LONDON, April 28 Concern about global trade and U.S. President Donald Trump's "America First" policies kept appetite for risky assets in check on Friday, setting world stocks on the path to a sluggish end to what will be their sixth straight month of gains.
In an interview with Reuters, Trump called the U.S. trade pact with South Korea "unacceptable" and said it would be targeted for renegotiation after his administration completed a revamp of the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) with Canada and Mexico.
Trump's comments sent Seoul stocks and the won into reverse.
Global stocks were steady, however, little changed on the day and holding near all-time highs and on track for a sixth straight month of gains.
Stock futures on Wall Street were up 0.1 percent, also near their highest ever levels.
Saturday marks Trump's 100th day in office and his attacks on free trade and scepticism about his administration's ability to see through a tax and spending campaign promises has dented some of the enthusiasm in markets that followed his election win.
"Trump is reaching the 100-day mark with nothing to show for it and these recent comments just coincide with that. They (the U.S. administration) are finding it hard to push through fiscal plans and all this rhetoric is probably related," Kiran Kowshik, strategist at Unicredit.
EUROPE POWERING AHEAD
The mood on Europe, however, remains upbeat.
Euro zone bond yields rose across the board on Friday and the euro strengthened, rising 0.6 percent against the dollar to $1.0944, as output data from several countries reaffirmed a picture of economic strength in the bloc.
At the same, inflation blew past expectations to hit a three-year high, keeping pressure on the European Central Bank to start dialing back its stimulus measures.
Regional banking shares added to recent gains.
Barclays shares were an outlier, however, sliding 5 percent after disappointing investment banking results and weighing on the broader STOXX 600 index which fell 0.2 percent.
European stocks are still up more than 2 percent on the week. Bank of America Merrill Lynch (BAML) noted that the $2.4 billion of inflows into European equity funds over the past week were the highest since December 2015.
"The hard data for equities is earnings -- and they are powering ahead. Q1 earnings season is very strong and revisions trends are positive and broad-based," said analysts at BAML, who forecast 15 percent earnings growth for European companies and a further 8 percent rally for the STOXX 600.
Healthy earnings, particularly from companies closely geared to economic growth, have underpinned the rally in global stocks, which have added nearly $5 trillion to their market value so far this year, according to Thomson Reuters data.
In commodities, oil prices rose but were still on track for a second straight weekly loss on concerns that an OPEC-led production cut had failed to significantly tighten an oversupplied market.
U.S. West Texas Intermediate (WTI) crude was at $49.43 per barrel at 0649 GMT, up 46 cents, or 0.94 percent, from its last close. WTI is still set for a small weekly loss and is around 8 percent below its April peak.
Brent crude was at $51.91 per barrel, up 47 cents, or 0.91 percent. Brent is around 8.5 percent down from its April peak and is also on track for a second, albeit small, weekly decline. (Additional reporting by Sujata Rao, Editing by Jeremy Gaunt and John Stonestreet)
FILE PHOTO: Oil tanks are seen at a Sinopec plant in Hefei, Anhui province, May 31, 2009. REUTERS/Jianan Yu/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: Oil tankers Qi Lin Zuo of China and Sti-Matador (L) stand attached to mooring stations near a refinery in Bayonne, New Jersey August 24, 2011. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson/File Photo
SINGAPORE China's largest crude oil buyer Sinopec aims to ship more cargoes from Brazil, the United States and Canada, to help ensure stable crude supplies as the Middle East boost refining capacity and Africa suffers disruptions.
Shipments from the Americas hit an all-time high in March, boosting the region's share of the Chinese market by 1.1 percentage points in the first quarter to close to 14 percent, data from Thomson Reuters Oil Research & Forecasts showed.
"We're facing a big challenge on the supply side," said Chen Bo, president at Unipec, which purchases crude for Asia's largest refiner Sinopec (0386.HK)(600028.SS).
Asia needed to step up crude imports from the "new frontier", the greater U.S. Gulf Coast region made up of the United States, Canada and Latin America, to meet its growing demand, he told a seminar this week.
Chen said China, the world's second largest oil consumer behind the United States, is on track to become the largest crude importer this year ahead of the United States.
China will add just under 2 million barrels per day (bpd) of refining capacity between 2016 and 2020, taking its total capacity to nearly 12.5 million bpd by the end of this decade.
Also, by end-2018, the total crude import quota for independent refineries will grow to 2 million bpd, about 500,000 bpd more from March 2017 as government approvals flow through, he said.
SUPPLY DIVERSITY
Asia, which will account for a third of the world's refining capacity by 2020, will have to look beyond traditional markets Middle East and Africa for crude supplies, Chen said.
Security of supply and the optimization of supply were vital for Unipec.
"If every consumer goes to the Middle East and Africa we don't know what will happen to the market. So we have to diversify," he said.
China's crude imports from the Americas, led by Brazil, Venezuela and Colombia, hit 5.61 million tonnes (1.3 million bpd) in March, the highest in Reuters' data going back to 2006.
In the same month, China's crude oil deficit came in a hefty 15 million tonnes after touching a record 19 million tonnes in December 2016 as domestic production shrank while imports surged, customs data showed.
"Record imports are being driven by falling production, higher refinery runs, huge infrastructure and SPR (Strategic Petroleum Reserves) builds," Virendra Chauhan from consultancy Energy Aspects said. The agency expects Asia's crude imports, led by China, to rise by 900,000 bpd on year in 2017.
A preference for low-sulphur oil produced in the Americas by China's private refineries, the so-called "teapots", helped boost imports from the region, while increasing U.S. shale output and production cuts by the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries have made it economical for traders to send huge volumes of crude from west to east.
Brazil overtook Venezuela as the top South American crude supplier to China in the first two months of this year due its favoured medium-heavy quality grades, while China became the No. 3 destination for U.S. crude exports in 2016. [O/CHINA1]
The Americas has the potential to become a "global trading hub" in the next decade, Chen said.
(Reporting by Florence Tan; Additional reporting by Meng Meng and Chen Aizhu in BEIJING; Editing by Richard Pullin)
Although The National has only played here twice, Hamilton is somewhat of a second home for the American alt-rock band … well … in all honesty … maybe … third.
The band first formed in the late '90s in Cincinnati, Ohio, and then moved to its present base of operations, in Brooklyn, N.Y. For the last four years, however, The National's business arm has been headquartered in Hamilton, which happens to be the hometown of band manager and soundman Brandon Reid.
Reid was at the mixing board Sunday night when The National performed a sold-out show at Hamilton's FirstOntario Concert Hall. As a matter of fact, the amazing show The National put on at the grand theatre once known as Hamilton Place, probably would never have happened if Reid didn't live here.
"We could've chosen another available Toronto venue but I was eager to give Hamilton some love, and our day, so far here in Hamilton, has been amazing," Reid said shortly before Sunday's concert.
Reid was born here, but grew up in the United States, learning the music business while attending Temple University in Philadelphia. He first worked with The National in 2007, engineering the band's album "Boxer" and has been with them ever since. In 2013, Reid decided to make the most of his Canadian passport and return to his hometown, setting up shop for his Straight & Narrow artist management company in downtown Hamilton, with a staff that includes Cuff the Duke singer Wayne Petti.
"Our manager Brendon Reid lives here and Wayne Petti lives here," National frontman Matt Berninger yelled out to the audience before lurching into the band's latest single "Day I Die" midway through the band's two-hour 20-something-song set. "We have a lot of family here in Hamilton and it means a lot to us. Thank you."
Although the band isn't a household name for the plus-40 generation, The National has become a huge hit among millennial indie rock fans, rivalling Arcade Fire in adoration. Almost every concert on the current tour is sold out and the band's last two albums have both received Grammy nominations for alternative album of the year. The latest, "Sleep Well Beast," is a strong contender to win at the awards' gala next month, despite being up against Arcade Fire's "Everything Now."
Berninger is the angsty baritone of hip American college grads, the enlightened fringe of society finding it difficult to make sense of the utter chaos of a world their parents promised it wouldn't be. His lyrics, like a new millennium Leonard Cohen, don't usually start from a happy place and often end up somewhere only hinting of survival. Critics like to call it "literate," but really it's just word-heavy poetry that makes everything else on the pop charts sound like what it is — crap.
Berninger is a towering figure on stage and dominates the attention, gracefully awkward in a crooning stance someplace between a smooth Frank Sinatra and a half-in-the-bag Jim Morrison. Yet, he never quite takes away from the superb instrumental performances going on behind him.
The National first played in Hamilton last year with a 40-minute set that was part of a refugee benefit show that raised more than $50,000 for Syrian refugees. That was a sweaty affair on a hot June night attended by 800 people crammed into the pews of the New Vision United Church.
BURLINGTON, Wash. – The 20-year-old man charged with fatally shooting five people at a Burlington shopping mall was found dead in his jail cell, authorities said Monday.
Arcan Cetin hanged himself before 9 p.m. Sunday in the Snohomish County Jail, according to Rosemary Kaholokula, chief criminal deputy prosecutor at the Skagit County Prosecuting Attorney's Office.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Police said Cetin entered the Cascade Mall in Burlington on Sept. 23, 2016 and headed for the Macy's Women's store. Surveillance video showed Cetin shooting a teenage girl near some clothing racks and then shooting an adult man. He next went to the cosmetics section where he shot three women.
Police captured Cetin about 30 hours later near his Oak Harbor, Washington, apartment.
The shooting left a teenage girl, three women and one man dead. They were: Probation officer Belinda Galde and her 96-year-old mother, Beatrice Dotson; Sarai Lara, a sophomore at Mount Vernon High School; Chuck Eagan, who died protecting his wife from the gunfire; and Shayla Martin, who had been a makeup artist at Macy's for decades.
Cetin was charged with five counts of aggravated murder and was slated for a competency hearing next week.
Burlington Mayor Steve Sexton said he wishes Cetin had taken his own life before killing five innocent people. He told Q13 News he hopes the alleged killer's death provides some relief to grieving families.
“I would hope it would bring some closure to them. And just spare them from looking at the videos again that were released, reliving the whole experience through the trial,” said Sexton.
The family of victim Chuck Eagan on Monday released a statement saying, in part, “While this event puts to rest our fear of his release, we harbor no ill will towards Mr. Cetin or his family and pray for their comfort as we know all too well the pain of grief.”
Q13 News also spoke with Belinda Galde's husband, who is also Beatrice Dotson's son-in-law. Mike Galde says he's still processing everything and called Cetin a "coward" for taking his own life. He says what hurts most is missing his beautiful wife of 43 years.
Deputy Prosecutor Kaholokula spent months working on the case.
“There's also a sense of sincere disappointment," she said. "We would've liked to have been able to carry this case through the end. Present our evidence and have legal justice at the end of it."
Thirteen inmates have died at the Snohomish County Jail between 2010 and 2014.
It was not immediately clear why Cetin had been transferred to the Snohomish County Jail from neighboring Skagit County.
RPT-UPDATE 1-OECD warns New Zealand on low labour productivity, endorses debt limits
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) warned New Zealand on Thursday that low labour productivity poses long-term challenges for the country despite its solid growth prospects.
In an odd twist of fate, when Cynthia Nixon won her first Emmy award in 2004, Donald Trump was the presenter.
The actress and Democrat, who Monday announced she's running for governor of New York, told Variety: “Do I wish I had gotten my Emmy from somebody else? Yes, I do. Absolutely I do. But, it's not like he picked me. He just passed off the trophy.”
Nixon won the award for her portrayal of attorney Miranda Hobbes on HBO's Sex and the City.
Back then, Trump was the star of NBC's hit reality TV show The Apprentice. He, along with Simon Cowell, presented Nixon with her Emmy.
Cynthia Nixon received the Emmy Award in 2004 from Simon Cowell and Donald Trump Vince Bucci/Getty
Nixon would win a second Emmy, two Tony awards and a Grammy while Trump's television career never garnered him a prestigious Emmy.
Nixon has been an outspoken critic of Trump's since he won the presidency, and in January told a crowd in New York that the biggest threat to our democracy is Vladimir Putin, Russia's interference in the 2016 election, and Trump's efforts to protect the Russian president.
“In 2018 each one of us has to do everything we can to reclaim our democracy from foreign and domestic threats,” she said at the Anti-State of the Union event in Manhattan.
“There is no cavalry coming, we are the cavalry,” she said. “Our nation's core is at stake and that is worth fighting for.”
Canada's Home Capital agrees settlement with regulator
TORONTO, June 14 Home Capital Group Inc said on Wednesday it had agreed on a settlement with the Ontario Securities Commission and accepted responsibiity for misleading investors about problems with its mortgage underwriting procedures.
ROXANA, Ill. – Some parents are complaining about a pair of math questions written by an Illinois high school teacher on a classroom whiteboard.
The parents said the questions were not only in bad taste but gave the impression the teacher was making light of drug use, according to KTVI.
On Thursday, the Roxana School District superintendent confirmed these questions appeared during a freshman math class.
The first question: “You take 600mg of cocaine, your body filters out 40% per hour, how high are you in three hours?”
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
The second question: "Unfortunately, you can't pay your dealer, so she sets up a payment. You owe her $1,000 at 25% daily, how much do you owe one year later?"
The district said this was an example of poor judgment. A statement from the district reads, in part:
"The district is addressing the matter with the faculty member and those impacted by this incident. The faculty member has apologized to students and parents for this lapse in judgment and has reiterated the intent was never to promote or make light of illicit drug use. The district is taking the necessary measures to ensure that the damage is repaired. The district is addressing this issue as a personnel matter according to district policy."
New U.S. funds would mimic ADRs but cut currency risk -filing
NEW YORK, June 14 An investment company is planning to offer a novel kind of fund that would offer U.S. investors direct access to foreign stocks, while tamping down the risk of currency declines, regulatory filings showed on Wednesday.
Melania Trump is attempting to put the conspiracy theories to rest.
The first lady has not been seen in public in 20 days, but has spoken out on Twitter about her unusually long absence from the public eye, assuring doubters that “I'm here at the @WhiteHouse w my family.”
“I see the media is working overtime speculating where I am & what I'm doing. Rest assured, I'm here at the @WhiteHouse w my family, feeling great, & working hard on behalf of children & the American people!” she tweeted Wednesday afternoon, presumably from the First Family's second-floor private quarters while her husband, stepdaughter Ivanka, hundreds of visitors and dozens of White House reporters were assembled on the South Lawn just feet below.
I see the media is working overtime speculating where I am & what I'm doing. Rest assured, I'm here at the @WhiteHouse w my family, feeling great, & working hard on behalf of children & the American people! — Melania Trump (@FLOTUS) May 30, 2018
The 48-year-old has not been spotted since Thursday, May 10, when she stood next to her husband to welcome home three Americans at Joint Base Andrews, according to the Washington Post.
Four days later, her office made the surprise announcement that the first lady had undergone a “successful” kidney procedure, but would remain hospitalized for the remainder of the week.
She returned home May 19, but has since remained completely out of the spotlight, which the Washington Post recently noted is an unusually long absence for even the most private of presidential spouses.
RELATED VIDEO: Melania Trump to Remain Hospitalized for the Week After Undergoing ‘Successful' Kidney Procedure
Her extended absence stoked conspiracy theories, which Politico detailed in an article published Tuesday. The article outlined speculation that the first lady has returned to New York City, is cooperating with special prosector Robert Mueller, is recuperating from cosmetic surgery, and even that she is spending time with the Obamas to write a dishy book about her husband.
Trump's spokeswoman, Stephanie Grisham, has consistently denied the rumors, telling PEOPLE on Tuesday that the first lady has “been involved in several internal meetings with staff all last week, and that continues this week. We've been going over initiatives and other long term planning for events such as the Congressional Picnic and 4th of July.”
But Grisham declined to say exactly when the American people would see the first lady again.
× Stray bullet hits Texas legislator in the head at New Year's celebration
WESLACO, TexasA Texas lawmaker is lucky to be alive after an apparently stray bullet hit his head during a New Year's celebration early Sunday, authorities said.
State Rep. Armando “Mando” Martinez, D-Weslaco, said his wife had just given him a kiss shortly after ringing in the new year with family and friends, and the next thing he knew, “it felt like a sledgehammer hit me over the head.”
A bullet fragment had just punctured the top of the south Texas legislator's head.
Martinez said he had just stepped outside a home in a rural neighborhood north of Weslaco when he was hit.
Martinez, 40, was transferred to the neurosurgical unit at Valley Baptist Medical Center in Harlingen, where surgeons removed the bullet fragment. The fragment had penetrated his skull and lodged itself into the dura mater, the top layer of the brain, doctors told Martinez.
The fragment appears to be from a .223 caliber round, said Martinez, who spoke to CNN by phone on Sunday while recovering at the hospital.
“Had it gone any further, I don't think we would be having this conversation,” Martinez said.
Hidalgo County Sheriff Eddie Guerra said Martinez's survival was nothing short of a miracle.
The sheriff's office is investigating the shooting, and investigators “have reason to believe that (Martinez) was hit by a stray bullet,” county sheriff's office spokesman JP Rodriguez said.
“There is no evidence to indicate he was targeted,” Rodriguez said.
“It was a miracle last night. I was given another chance at life and I'm grateful for it,” Martinez said.
Martinez was elected to a seventh term in November and scheduled to take the oath of office January 10.
HENRICO COUNTY, Va. – Police have apprehended a driver who they say crashed into several cars during multiple hit and runs in Henrico County's West End.
Investigators say they received a radio report that citizens were following a white SUV involved in a hit and run near the Crunch gym at Glenside Drive and West Broad Street.
Police say the driver of the white SUV crashed into several vehicles at the West End intersection.
Two of the cars that were following the suspect were off duty Henrico and Richmond Police Officers.
Police say the driver of the SUV continued to strike vehicles as he was followed.
The pursuit ended after a crash at Glenside Drive and Staples Mill Road. After that crash, police say the two off-duty officers and a citizen pulled the driver out of the vehicle.
Police say when they tried to put the suspect in handcuffs; he became limp, and would no longer respond. They say the driver of the SUV and a passenger are suspected of being under the influence of drugs. They were transported to a local hospital.
No victims involved in the crashes were injured.
Stay with CBS 6 for the last on this developing story.
The Federal Communications Commission (FCC) logo is seen before the FCC Net Neutrality hearing in Washington February 26, 2015. REUTERS/Yuri Gripas
WASHINGTON The U.S. Federal Communications Commission said on Thursday it would vote in April to reverse a 2016 rule adopted by the Obama administration that limits the number of television stations some companies can buy.
Under rules adopted in 1985, broadcasters could partially count some stations with weaker over-the-air signals against ownership caps. The FCC under President Barack Obama said those rules were outdated after the 2009 conversion to digital broadcasting and revoked them in September.
The 2016 rule did not require any company to sell existing stations but could bar new acquisitions.
Twenty-First Century Fox, Inc [NWSNA.UL] in September challenged the FCC rule.
FCC Chairman Ajit Pai said in a statement the FCC was likely to lose the legal challenge before the U.S. Court of Appeals. He said he wanted to revoke the rule and "launch a comprehensive review of the national ownership cap" later this year.
Current rules limit companies to owning stations serving no more than 39 percent of U.S. television households, but the Republican FCC could seek to eliminate or revise them.
The broad FCC ownership review could launch a new wave of consolidation in the broadcast television industry, analysts and companies said.
Sinclair Broadcast Group Inc (SBGI.O) has approached rival U.S. broadcaster Tribune Media Co (TRCO.N) to discuss a potential combination, Reuters reported earlier this month, citing sources, in a deal that would hinge on regulations being relaxed. [nL2N1GE1EM]
Sinclair and Tribune opposed the decision to relax the rule for certain stations last year. The FCC said in September it was time to abolish the 32-year-old regulation because it "restores meaning to the rule in today's marketplace where technological change has eliminated the justification."
Restoring the previous rule would not be enough for Sinclair and Tribune to merge, analysts said, noting that they would either need to divest some stations or win additional regulatory changes.
Tribune already is above the FCC cap, reaching 44 percent of U.S. households, while Sinclair is at 38 percent, Jefferies LLC analyst John Janedis said.
Sinclair Chief Executive Christopher Ripley said on an earnings call last month the company expected "this new FCC to tackle the ownership rules more broadly."
Another U.S. broadcaster, Tegna Inc (TGNA.N), told investors in February the company expected "a long overdue break in the logjam on outdated TV ownership rules this year" that "will likely allow both vertical and horizontal consolidation."
(Editing by Jeffrey Benkoe and Richard Chang)
Lisa Lillien is the author of the popular Hungry Girl website and email newsletter, featuring smart, funny advice on guilt-free eating. She is also the author of eleven books, six of which debuted at number one on the New York Times Best Sellers list. Read her blog every Monday for slimmed-down celebrity recipes and more.
If you're bored of the same old frozen treats, I've got a few must-haves for your freezer. The last one is so simple, you'll be stunned you never thought of it sooner.
Yasso Frozen Greek Yogurt Bars in Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough
I love cookie dough ice cream since I'm a human being with functioning taste buds. But grabbing a carton of the stuff often leads to eating more than a single serving. This portion-controlled treat has the flavor you crave and an added boost of protein. And just 100 calories! Explore the whole line of bars from Yasso, and find your favorite flavor.
Clean & Hungry Shamrock Shake Pops
If the pops in the freezer aisle make you yawn, try something a little cooler. Everyone loves the Shamrock Shakes from McDonald's but those are loaded with too many calories and only available in March. Turn up the chill factor with these DIY pops that taste just like the cult-classic shake. Bonus: Sneaky greens, a bit of protein, and only 22 calories each!
RELATED: Hungry Girl: Why You Should Be Shopping in the Baby Food Aisle If You're on a Diet
Enlightened Ice Cream in Caramel Oatmeal Cookie Crunch
When it comes to low-calorie pints of high-protein ice cream, Enlightened rules. I love all the flavors, but the Caramel Oatmeal Cookie Crunch is basically perfect. It has the gooey caramel you crave, along with a cookie crunch. And it tastes so good you'll swear up and down that it can't be this low in calories. But it is!
All-Natural GoodPop Frozen Pops in Orange N' Cream
GoodPop has a spectacular dairy-free lineup and this is my top pick. This find is for anyone who's a sucker for the old-school orange and vanilla combo. Made with coconut cream, each pop has just 80 calories. I've also gotta give a shout-out to the Strawberry Lemonade variety — so yummy!
WATCH THIS: Food Hack: Grilled Funfetti Cookie Skillet
Frozen Grapes
Yep, just grapes. Doesn't matter if you prefer the red or the green. Just stick 'em in the freezer in a heavy-duty sealable bag. Then eat them once they're nice and icy! They're like sorbet bonbons! Wanna get a little fancier? Try this easy recipe for Fro-Yo Grapesicles — kids go nuts for these things!
‘Til next time… Chew the right thing!
UBS, Credit Suisse on track to meet banking rules -Swiss central bank
ZURICH, June 15 Switzerland's two biggest banks, UBS and Credit Suisse, are on track to meet the country's updated too-big-to-fail rules but more progress is needed in preparing plans for a potential insolvency, the Swiss central bank said on Thursday.
April 28 China Minsheng Banking Corp Ltd -
* Beijing branch of company surveyed and found that zhang ying, president of hangtianqiao sub- branch, defrauded customers of their funds
* Immediately reported incident to police department, and police department took zhang ying away to assist with investigation
* China minsheng banking corp ltd - police detained zhang ying on 14 april, and formally initiated an investigation.
* Amount involved in this case is approximately rmb1.65 billion, and initial estimated amount involved will not exceed number reported by media and involves over 150 customers
* In addition to Zhang Ying, certain other individual employees of sub-branch are now subject to police investigation
* Co in collaboration with police department, has frozen accounts involved, and seized a part of cash, property and goods of suspects
* China minsheng banking corp ltd - it should be specifically noted that hangtianqiao sub- branch case in not engaged in bills business Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Feb 2 (Reuters) - EURO CERVANTES SOCIMI SA:
* SAID ON THURSDAY REVISED ITS FY 2018 FINANCIAL GUIDANCE
* SEES FY 2018 REVENUE AT 5.3 MILLION EUROS VERSUS PREVIOUS GUIDANCE OF 0.6 MILLION EUROS
* SEES FY 2018 NET LOSS AT 21.4 MILLION EUROS VERSUS PREVIOUS GUIDANCE OF NET LOSS OF 26.0 MILLION EUROS
Source text: bit.ly/2BNDMIs
Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Canada's Home Capital agrees settlement with regulator
TORONTO, June 14 Home Capital Group Inc said on Wednesday it had agreed on a settlement with the Ontario Securities Commission and accepted responsibiity for misleading investors about problems with its mortgage underwriting procedures.
April 6 KUNGSLEDEN AB
* KUNGSLEDEN LEASES OFFICE TO LIDL IN EMPORIA OFFICE
* HAS SIGNED A LEASE AGREEMENT WITH LIDL SVERIGE'S REAL ESTATE OFFICE FOR 400 SQM OFFICE SPACE IN RECENTLY ACCESSED PROPERTY MARKNADSPLATSEN 8 (EMPORIA OFFICE) IN HYLLIE IN MALMÖ
* LEASING AGREEMENT IS FOR THREE YEARS AND LIDL WILL GET ACCESS TO ITS NEW OFFICE SPACE ON JUNE 1, 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
MELBOURNE, March 29 London copper held steady near its highest in more than a week on Wednesday, underpinned by expectations of seasonally improving second-quarter demand.
FUNDAMENTALS
* LME COPPER: Three-month copper on the London Metal Exchange was flat at $5,873 a tonne by 0127 GMT, holding 2 percent gains from the previous session when prices struck the highest since March 20 at $5,903 a tonne.
Prices have found a support at the 100-day moving average (DMA) around $5,767 and resistance around the 30 DMA at $5,881.
* SHFE COPPER: Shanghai Futures Exchange copper was up 2.4 percent at 47,460 yuan a tonne.
* CHINA SMELTERS: China's top copper smelters have agreed to an 11 percent cut in second-quarter treatment and refining fees, after disruptions at the world's two biggest copper mines curbed the global supply of raw material, three sources said on Tuesday.
* U.S. ECONOMY: U.S. consumer confidence surged to a more than 16-year high in March amid growing labor market optimism while the goods trade deficit narrowed sharply in February, indicating the economy was regaining momentum after faltering at the start of the year.
* CHINA MANUFACTURING: China said on Tuesday it would expand the scope for insurance companies to provide more low-cost and long-term funds for the manufacturing sector as part of a broader effort to ramp up financial support for struggling manufacturers to upgrade.
* LME NEWS: Regulatory delays to a proposal to slash initial clearing margins by the London Metal Exchange has dealt another blow to the exchange's ability to fend off competition from U.S. rival CME Group, whose margins are sharply lower.
* For the top stories in metals and other news, click or
MARKETS NEWS
* Wall Street followed gains in stocks globally on Tuesday after U.S. consumer confidence soared to a more than 16-year high, while the U.S. dollar bounced from a four-month low to post its best day in nearly a month.
DATA AHEAD (GMT)
0600 Germany Import prices Feb
0645 France Consumer confidence Mar
1400 U.S. Pending homes sales Feb
PRICES
Three month LME copper
Most active ShFE copper
Three month LME aluminium
Most active ShFE aluminium
Three month LME zinc
Most active ShFE zinc
Three month LME lead
Most active ShFE lead
Three month LME nickel
Most active ShFE nickel
Three month LME tin
Most active ShFE tin
ARBS
(Reporting by Melanie Burton; Editing by Amrutha Gayathri)
Miley Cyrus was set to accept the Teen Choice Awards‘ the highest honor on Sunday, so her eleventh hour cancellation was both disappointing and shocking to fans.
Presenter Victoria Justice took to the stage early in the show to announce “last minute Miley Cyrus couldn't make it here tonight,” drawing gasps and boos from the crowd.
“I know, I know,” Justice said. “It's a bummer.”
The 24-year-old singer, who received the Ultimate Choice Award, shared a post on Instagram explaining her absence. She blamed the “unrealistic schedule” she has made for herself and apologized to fans.
“I want to say thank you from the very bottom of my heart for presenting me with #TheUltimateChoiceAward !” she wrote. “I am beyond bummed I couldn't make it to the show as I had every intention of being there to accept and celebrate this honor! I created an unrealistic schedule for myself which leads me to this announcement!”
The Voice coach then shared that she'd be dropping a new single called “Younger Now” on Friday.
“I am sooooooo EXCITED to share it with all of you!” she said. “I hope to always make people smile and shine light thru my work! I look forward to making music for the rest of my life and I'm thankful everyday for those who listen!”
Cyrus continued, “I am sending so much love and peace into the world right now because THATS what we need most! Love Love & more LOVE!”
Younger Now is also the title of Cyrus' new album, which is set to release on Sept. 29.
RELATED VIDEO: Miley Cyrus: The Voice Brings ‘Light' and ‘Hope' to People
.@MileyCyrus is in the HOUSE! We will see you at 8PM EST TONIGHT for #TeenChoice! pic.twitter.com/nDzscE5wj3 — Teen Choice Awards (@TeenChoiceFOX) August 13, 2017
Her cancellation was made even more confusing by an announcement made by the show — and retweeted on Fox's account — that Cyrus was “in the house” shortly before the awards kicked off.
The show also retweeted a video of actor Keith Powers on the red carpet, sharing that he was excited to see Cyrus.
The singer has received 18 Teen Choice Awards and is one six artists to receive the Ultimate Choice Award.
March 29 Cargill Inc:
* Cargill Inc - adjusted operating earnings were $715 million in the third quarter, up 50 percent from $476 million in the year-ago period
* Cargill Inc - net earnings for the quarter on a u.s. Gaap basis were $650 million, up 42 percent from last year's $459 million
* Says third-quarter revenues rose 8 percent to $27.3 billion
* Cargill Inc qtrly origination & processing earnings slightly lagged last year's third quarter
* Cargill - qtrly earnings in animal nutrition & protein rose "significantly", lifted by "strong' performance in animal protein against a weak comparative period
* Cargill Inc - "food ingredients & applications segment was the largest contributor to adjusted operating earnings in Q3"
* Cargill - Q3 performance of origination & processing segment in south America trailed prior year due to lower farmer selling, slowed processing in Argentina Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
A MODERN 'FRANKENSTEIN' The Trailer For Keanu Reeves' Movie 'Replicas' Is Chock-Full Of Sci-Fi Clichés And We're Loving It
Cloning? Check. Robots going rogue? Check. A man who will go against every natural law just to bring back the people he loves? Check.
Former environment minister Glen Murray recently left government for the private sector, and Speaker Dave Levac, the Liberal representative for Brant, and Monte Kwinter, Ontario's oldest MPP, have also announced they won't seek re-election.
Matthews, who was elected in 2003, will stay as the representative for London North Centre and as advanced education minister until the election. But her announcement serves as an undeniable blow to Wynne, to whom Matthews has been a fiercely loyal deputy premier since Wynne took on her leadership role.
"She shares my vision of a fairer, more progressive, more inclusive Ontario and she knows what it will take to make that happen," Wynne wrote in a statement. "Because of that, I have relied on Deb as a touchstone time and time again. She is smart and analytical, always thinking things through by focusing on the people who will be most affected."
Matthews, who was often charged with leading the party's partisan attack efforts, has also served in cabinet as minister of health, children and youth services, and president of the treasury board. Most recently, as advanced education minister, she championed the government's plan to give free tuition to low-income students. She frequently came under fire in her time in government for failing to prevent serious problems at the Ornge air ambulance service as health minister.
Sandals, who first got into politics through her local school board and was elected to the legislature in 2003, will stay as the representative for Guelph and in cabinet until the election, too.
Wynne said she has often relied on Sandals' instincts and candour.
"I will miss Liz's steady hand, wise counsel and friendship," Wynne wrote in her statement. "Her years of experience and strong set of values have always been a guiding light for me and our whole team."
Sandals previously served as education minister and ushered in a new sex-ed curriculum that sparked controversy among some parents due to discussions of same-sex marriage, masturbation and gender identities. She stood firm, where a previous attempt under former premier Dalton McGuinty to update the curriculum failed.
Sandals also brought in labour peace with teachers, though the effort was not without controversy.
While under fire for millions of extra dollars the government gave teachers' unions while negotiating contracts under a new bargaining framework in 2015, Sandals said she didn't ask them for any receipts or invoices before doling out the money.
"We know how long we've been at the hotel. We know what hotel rooms cost. We know what the meeting rooms cost. We know what the food costs. We know what 100 pizzas costs," she quipped.
Sandals apologized for another off-the-cuff remark earlier this year, when asked how she thought large executive raises in the broader public sector, including at Ontario Power Generation and transit agency Metrolinx, look to people sitting on a delayed GO train.
"When you really stop and think of it, most of the people sitting on the GO train probably don't have high-level nuclear qualifications or the business qualifications to run a multi-billion-dollar corporation," she said.
The Canadian Press
April 20 Ascom Holding AG:
* Erasmus MC buys Ascom Myco 2 smartphones and Ascom Unite software
* Erasmus MC in Rotterdam, the largest university medical center of the Netherlands, awarded Ascom with an order that includes 1,000 Ascom Myco 2 smartphones and the deployment of Ascom Unite Source text - bit.ly/2oRF5kB Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
April 10 Fachowcy.pl Ventures SA:
* Said on Friday that the value of deals signed with customers in March was 605,391 zlotys ($151,492)
* The number of new subscription deals in March was 193 versus 80 a year ago
Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage: ($1 = 3.9962 zlotys) (Gdynia Newsroom)
CA Sacramento CA Zone Forecast
CA Sacramento CA Zone Forecast for Tuesday, July 3, 2018
_____
774 FPUS56 KSTO 041000
ZFPSTO
Interior Northern California Zone Forecasts for California
National Weather Service Sacramento CA
300 AM PDT Wed Jul 4 2018
Spot temperatures and probabilities of measurable precipitation
are for today, tonight, and Thursday.
CAZ013-042330-
Shasta Lake Area / Northern Shasta County-
Including the city of Shasta Dam
300 AM PDT Wed Jul 4 2018
.TODAY...Mostly sunny. Patchy smoke. Highs 73 to 88 higher
elevations...84 to 92 lower elevations. Prevailing southwest
winds up to 10 mph.
.TONIGHT...Patchy smoke in the evening. Clear, cooler. Lows 48 to
63 higher elevations...59 to 67 lower elevations. Prevailing west
winds up to 10 mph.
.THURSDAY...Sunny, haze. Highs 74 to 89 higher elevations...85 to
94 lower elevations. Light winds becoming south up to 10 mph in
the afternoon.
.THURSDAY NIGHT...Clear. Lows 50 to 65 higher elevations...59 to
69 lower elevations. Prevailing south winds up to 10 mph in the
evening becoming light.
.FRIDAY...Mostly sunny in the morning then becoming partly
cloudy. Highs 73 to 88 higher elevations...83 to 92 lower
elevations. Prevailing northeast winds up to 10 mph shifting to
the south in the afternoon.
.FRIDAY NIGHT...Clear. Lows 50 to 65.
.SATURDAY...Sunny, warmer. Highs 83 to 98.
.SATURDAY NIGHT THROUGH TUESDAY...Clear. Lows 54 to 69. Highs
86 to 101.
TEMPERATURE / PRECIPITATION
SHASTA DAM 91 65 92 / 0 0 0
$$
=
CAZ014-042330-
Burney Basin / Eastern Shasta County-
Including the city of Burney
300 AM PDT Wed Jul 4 2018
.TODAY...Sunny. Patchy smoke. Highs 75 to 86. Prevailing west
winds up to 15 mph.
.TONIGHT...Patchy smoke in the evening. Clear. Lows 42 to 54.
Prevailing southwest winds up to 15 mph.
.THURSDAY...Sunny. Highs 76 to 86. Light winds becoming southwest
5 to 15 mph in the afternoon.
.THURSDAY NIGHT...Clear. Lows 44 to 56. Prevailing southwest
winds 5 to 15 mph in the evening becoming light.
.FRIDAY...Mostly sunny in the morning then becoming mostly
cloudy. Highs 74 to 85. Light winds becoming southwest up to
10 mph in the afternoon.
.FRIDAY NIGHT...Clear. Lows 42 to 53.
.SATURDAY...Sunny, warmer. Highs 80 to 93.
.SATURDAY NIGHT THROUGH TUESDAY...Clear. Lows 45 to 60. Highs
82 to 97.
TEMPERATURE / PRECIPITATION
BURNEY 82 46 83 / 0 0 0
$$
=
CAZ015-042330-
Northern Sacramento Valley-
Including the cities of Redding and Red Bluff
300 AM PDT Wed Jul 4 2018
.TODAY...Sunny. Areas of smoke. Highs around 91. South winds up
to 15 mph. Gusts up to 25 mph in the afternoon.
.TONIGHT...Clear. Patchy smoke in the evening, then haze after
midnight. Lows 56 to 64. South winds up to 15 mph.
.THURSDAY...Sunny, haze. Highs around 92. South winds up to
10 mph.
.THURSDAY NIGHT...Clear. Lows around 65. South winds up to
15 mph.
.FRIDAY...Partly cloudy. Highs around 91. Light winds.
.FRIDAY NIGHT...Clear. Lows around 63.
.SATURDAY...Sunny. Highs around 98.
.SATURDAY NIGHT THROUGH TUESDAY...Clear. Lows 64 to 73. Highs
98 to 107.
TEMPERATURE / PRECIPITATION
REDDING 93 61 94 / 0 0 0
RED BLUFF 92 59 93 / 0 0 0
$$
=
CAZ016-042330-
Central Sacramento Valley-
Including the cities of Chico, Oroville, and Marysville/Yuba City
300 AM PDT Wed Jul 4 2018
.TODAY...Sunny. Areas of smoke in the morning, then patchy smoke
in the afternoon. Highs 84 to 90. Southeast winds 10 to 15 mph.
.TONIGHT...Clear. Areas of smoke in the evening. Haze after
midnight. Lows 51 to 59. Southeast winds 10 to 15 mph.
.THURSDAY...Sunny, haze. Highs around 89. Southeast winds up to
10 mph.
.THURSDAY NIGHT...Clear. Lows 59 to 67. South winds around
10 mph.
.FRIDAY...Mostly cloudy. Highs 85 to 91. Light winds.
.FRIDAY NIGHT...Mostly clear. Lows 57 to 63.
.SATURDAY...Sunny. Highs 92 to 98.
.SATURDAY NIGHT THROUGH TUESDAY...Clear. Lows 59 to 69. Highs
93 to 103.
TEMPERATURE / PRECIPITATION
CHICO 89 60 91 / 0 0 0
OROVILLE 88 57 91 / 0 0 0
MARYSVILLE/YUBA CITY 86 54 90 / 0 0 0
$$
=
CAZ017-042330-
Southern Sacramento Valley-
Including the city of Sacramento
300 AM PDT Wed Jul 4 2018
.TODAY...Sunny. Areas of smoke in the morning, then patchy smoke
in the afternoon. Highs 81 to 89. South winds 10 to 15 mph with
gusts to around 25 mph.
.TONIGHT...Clear. Areas of smoke in the evening. Haze and patchy
smoke after midnight. Lows 51 to 57. South winds 10 to 15 mph
with gusts to around 25 mph.
.THURSDAY...Sunny. Haze and patchy smoke. Highs 86 to 93. South
winds around 10 mph.
.THURSDAY NIGHT...Clear in the evening then becoming partly
cloudy. Lows 58 to 64. Southwest winds around 10 mph.
.FRIDAY...Mostly cloudy. Highs 85 to 93. Southwest winds around
10 mph shifting to the northwest in the afternoon.
.FRIDAY NIGHT...Partly cloudy. Lows 56 to 62.
.SATURDAY...Sunny. Highs 92 to 98.
.SATURDAY NIGHT THROUGH TUESDAY...Clear. Lows 56 to 66. Highs
93 to 103.
TEMPERATURE / PRECIPITATION
SACRAMENTO 85 55 91 / 0 0 0
SAC EXEC AIRPORT 83 55 89 / 0 0 0
$$
=
CAZ018-042330-
Carquinez Strait and Delta-
Including the city of Fairfield/Suisun
300 AM PDT Wed Jul 4 2018
.TODAY...Sunny. Near the bay, mostly cloudy in the morning then
clearing. Patchy smoke in the morning. Breezy. Highs 75 to 81.
Southwest winds 15 to 25 mph with gusts to around 35 mph.
.TONIGHT...Clear. Near the bay, clear in the evening then
becoming mostly cloudy. Breezy. Lows around 54. West winds 10 to
25 mph. Gusts up to 35 mph in the evening.
.THURSDAY...Sunny. Near the bay, mostly cloudy in the morning
then clearing. Mostly sunny. Warmer. Highs 83 to 89. West winds
10 to 15 mph.
.THURSDAY NIGHT...Clear in the evening then becoming partly
cloudy. Lows 56 to 64. West winds 10 to 15 mph.
.FRIDAY...Mostly cloudy. Highs 83 to 89. West winds 10 to 15 mph.
.FRIDAY NIGHT...Partly cloudy. Lows 55 to 61.
.SATURDAY...Mostly sunny. Highs 89 to 95.
.SATURDAY NIGHT THROUGH MONDAY NIGHT...Clear. Lows 55 to 62.
Highs 90 to 96.
.TUESDAY...Mostly sunny. Highs 87 to 93.
TEMPERATURE / PRECIPITATION
FAIRFIELD/SUISUN 78 54 86 / 0 0 0
$$
=
CAZ019-042330-
Northern San Joaquin Valley-
Including the cities of Stockton and Modesto
300 AM PDT Wed Jul 4 2018
.TODAY...Patchy smoke in the morning. Sunny. Highs 81 to 91.
Southwest winds up to 10 mph with gusts to around 20 mph.
.TONIGHT...Clear. Lows 52 to 60. Northwest winds 10 to 15 mph.
.THURSDAY...Sunny. Highs 87 to 95. Northwest winds up to 10 mph.
.THURSDAY NIGHT...Mostly clear in the evening then becoming
mostly cloudy. Lows 59 to 69. Northwest winds around 10 mph.
.FRIDAY...Mostly cloudy. Highs 87 to 97. Northwest winds around
10 mph.
.FRIDAY NIGHT...Partly cloudy. Lows 58 to 68.
.SATURDAY...Mostly sunny. Highs 93 to 99.
.SATURDAY NIGHT THROUGH MONDAY NIGHT...Clear. Lows 60 to 70.
Highs 94 to 104.
.TUESDAY...Mostly sunny. Highs 93 to 103.
TEMPERATURE / PRECIPITATION
STOCKTON 87 57 92 / 0 0 0
MODESTO 88 60 92 / 0 0 0
$$
=
CAZ063-042330-
Mountains Southwestern Shasta County to Northern Lake County-
Including the city of Alder Springs
300 AM PDT Wed Jul 4 2018
.TODAY...Sunny. Patchy smoke. Highs 70 to 85 higher elevations...
85 to 92 lower elevations. Prevailing southeast winds up to
10 mph.
.TONIGHT...Clear. Patchy smoke in the evening. Haze after
midnight. Cooler. Lows 47 to 61 higher elevations...around
62 lower elevations. Prevailing south winds up to 10 mph.
.THURSDAY...Sunny, haze. Highs 71 to 86 higher elevations...86 to
93 lower elevations. Prevailing southeast winds up to 10 mph.
.THURSDAY NIGHT...Clear. Lows 50 to 65 higher elevations...63 to
69 lower elevations. Prevailing south winds 5 to 15 mph shifting
to the southwest after midnight.
.FRIDAY...Partly cloudy. Highs 70 to 85 higher elevations...85 to
92 lower elevations. Light winds becoming south up to 10 mph in
the afternoon.
.FRIDAY NIGHT...Clear. Lows 51 to 66.
.SATURDAY...Sunny, warmer. Highs 79 to 94.
.SATURDAY NIGHT THROUGH TUESDAY...Clear. Lows 57 to 72. Highs
81 to 96.
TEMPERATURE / PRECIPITATION
ALDER SPRINGS 77 53 78 / 0 0 0
$$
=
CAZ064-042330-
Clear Lake/Southern Lake County-
Including the city of Lakeport
300 AM PDT Wed Jul 4 2018
.TODAY...Sunny. Patchy smoke through the day. Highs 73 to 87.
Prevailing southeast winds up to 10 mph.
.TONIGHT...Clear. Patchy smoke in the evening, then haze after
midnight. Lows 49 to 59. Prevailing southwest winds up to 10 mph.
.THURSDAY...Sunny, haze. Highs 76 to 90. Light winds becoming
south up to 10 mph in the afternoon.
.THURSDAY NIGHT...Clear. Lows 54 to 66. Prevailing west winds up
to 10 mph.
.FRIDAY...Mostly cloudy. Highs 75 to 89. Light winds.
.FRIDAY NIGHT...Clear. Lows 51 to 63.
.SATURDAY...Sunny, warmer. Highs 83 to 98.
.SATURDAY NIGHT THROUGH TUESDAY...Clear. Lows 55 to 70. Highs
84 to 99.
TEMPERATURE / PRECIPITATION
LAKEPORT 81 49 83 / 0 0 0
$$
=
CAZ066-042330-
Northeast Foothills/Sacramento Valley-
Including the city of Paradise
300 AM PDT Wed Jul 4 2018
.TODAY...Sunny. Patchy smoke. Highs 78 to 90. Prevailing south
winds up to 15 mph.
.TONIGHT...Patchy smoke in the evening. Clear. Lows 57 to 63.
Prevailing southeast winds up to 15 mph.
.THURSDAY...Sunny, haze. Highs 80 to 92. Prevailing southeast
winds up to 10 mph shifting to the south in the afternoon.
.THURSDAY NIGHT...Clear. Lows 61 to 69. Prevailing southeast
winds up to 15 mph.
.FRIDAY...Partly cloudy in the morning then becoming mostly
cloudy. Highs 78 to 90. Prevailing east winds up to 10 mph
shifting to the south in the afternoon.
.FRIDAY NIGHT...Mostly clear. Lows 58 to 66.
.SATURDAY...Sunny, warmer. Highs 86 to 98.
.SATURDAY NIGHT THROUGH TUESDAY...Clear. Lows 61 to 73. Highs
88 to 103.
TEMPERATURE / PRECIPITATION
PARADISE 86 59 88 / 0 0 0
$$
=
CAZ067-042330-
Motherlode-
Including the cities of Grass Valley and Jackson
300 AM PDT Wed Jul 4 2018
.TODAY...Patchy smoke in the morning. Sunny. Highs 78 to 90.
Prevailing southwest winds up to 10 mph.
.TONIGHT...Clear. Lows 51 to 63. Prevailing southwest winds up to
10 mph shifting to the east after midnight.
.THURSDAY...Sunny. Highs 81 to 93. Prevailing southeast winds up
to 10 mph shifting to the southwest in the afternoon.
.THURSDAY NIGHT...Clear in the evening then becoming mostly
cloudy. Lows 56 to 68. Prevailing southwest winds up to 10 mph in
the evening becoming light.
.FRIDAY...Mostly cloudy. Highs 81 to 95. Light winds becoming
west up to 10 mph in the afternoon.
.FRIDAY NIGHT...Partly cloudy. Lows 56 to 68.
.SATURDAY...Mostly sunny. Highs 88 to 98.
.SATURDAY NIGHT THROUGH MONDAY...Clear. Lows 58 to 72. Highs
88 to 101.
.MONDAY NIGHT AND TUESDAY...Mostly clear. Lows 60 to 72. Highs
91 to 101.
TEMPERATURE / PRECIPITATION
GRASS VALLEY 81 56 83 / 0 0 0
JACKSON 85 54 88 / 0 0 0
$$
=
CAZ068-042330-
Western Plumas County/Lassen Park-
Including the cities of Chester and Quincy
300 AM PDT Wed Jul 4 2018
.TODAY...Sunny. Highs 66 to 81 higher elevations...71 to 86 lower
elevations. Prevailing south winds up to 15 mph.
.TONIGHT...Clear, colder. Lows 43 to 58. Prevailing south winds
up to 15 mph.
.THURSDAY...Sunny. Highs 67 to 82 higher elevations...72 to
87 lower elevations. Prevailing south winds up to 15 mph.
.THURSDAY NIGHT...Clear. Lows 46 to 61. Prevailing south winds up
to 15 mph.
.FRIDAY...Mostly cloudy. Highs 69 to 84. Prevailing south winds
up to 15 mph.
.FRIDAY NIGHT...Mostly clear. Lows 44 to 59.
.SATURDAY...Sunny, warmer. Highs 74 to 89.
.SATURDAY NIGHT THROUGH TUESDAY...Clear. Lows 48 to 63. Highs
77 to 92.
TEMPERATURE / PRECIPITATION
QUINCY 85 47 86 / 0 0 0
CHESTER 80 48 81 / 0 0 0
$$
=
CAZ069-042330-
West Slope Northern Sierra Nevada-
Including the city of Blue Canyon
300 AM PDT Wed Jul 4 2018
.TODAY...Sunny. Highs 62 to 77 higher elevations...74 to 84 lower
elevations. Prevailing southwest winds up to 15 mph.
.TONIGHT...Clear, cooler. Lows 43 to 58 higher elevations...54 to
64 lower elevations. Prevailing southwest winds up to 10 mph
shifting to the southeast after midnight. Gusts up to 25 mph.
.THURSDAY...Sunny. Highs 64 to 79 higher elevations...76 to
86 lower elevations. Prevailing southwest winds up to 15 mph.
.THURSDAY NIGHT...Clear in the evening then becoming partly
cloudy. Lows 47 to 62 higher elevations...56 to 68 lower
elevations. Prevailing southwest winds 5 to 15 mph shifting to
the southeast after midnight.
.FRIDAY...Mostly cloudy. Highs 66 to 81 higher elevations...75 to
89 lower elevations. Light winds becoming southwest up to 10 mph
in the afternoon.
.FRIDAY NIGHT...Partly cloudy. Lows 50 to 65.
.SATURDAY...Mostly sunny. Warmer. Highs 74 to 89.
.SATURDAY NIGHT AND SUNDAY...Clear. Lows 52 to 67. Highs 76 to
91.
.SUNDAY NIGHT THROUGH TUESDAY...Mostly clear. Lows 54 to 69.
Highs 78 to 93.
TEMPERATURE / PRECIPITATION
BLUE CANYON 71 56 74 / 0 0 0
$$
=
_____
Copyright 2018 AccuWeather
Oprah's 65-acre California estate is truly heavenly, but it's filled with references to a much darker time and place.
The TV mogul began looking for a Southern plantation to call home shortly after the release of her 1998 movie Beloved, she tells Vogue in the September issue. The film, which is based on the novel by Toni Morrison and tells the story of a runaway slave, was a box office flop, Oprah notes, but it did have a profound effect on her house hunt.
RELATED: Step Inside Oprah's $14 Million Telluride Mansion – Equipped with a 1,600 Bottle ‘Wine Mine'
The property she fell in love with is actually in Southern California, far from the film's setting, but it maintains the feeling of one of the historic estates. It's also a symbolic purchase for Oprah, who was born in Kosciusko, Mississippi, in 1954.
“I was calling it Tara II,” she says, referencing the famous plantation in Gone with the Wind, but her friend and fitness guru Bob Greene convinced her to change it. “‘You need a better name,'” she recalls him telling her. “‘The fact that you are an African-American woman from Mississippi and you get to have this . . . it's deep.' So I go, ‘Yeah! It's like a dream.' And he's like, ‘Yeah! It's a promise! It's the Promised Land!' So I feel that every day.”
FROM PEN: How Oprah Finally Found a Diet That Suits Her Lifestyle
The biblical allusions don't end there for the sprawling retreat, which started as 42 acres purchased in 2001 and was expanded with another 23 last year. There's also Hallelujah Lane, a path that leads to a grouping of a dozen Live Oak trees dubbed the Twelve Apostles, which is one of the star's favorite spots to read. A sizable pond with a fountain, a tea house and a formal rose garden can also be found on the plot.
Vogue's tour continues inside Oprah's neo-Georgian mansion, where she keeps drawings by Nelson Mandela — “He gave them personally to me,” she says — and what she calls “the prize of my life,” first editions of every Pulitzer prize–winning book.
RELATED: Celeb Real Estate: See the Million-Dollar Homes that Angelina Jolie and More Are Buying and Selling
Two more pieces in the house allude to the theme of plantation life: “When I was shooting Beloved, I actually had this in the trailer with me. They are the names of slaves—their ages, their prices,” she says of a framed piece of parchment hanging in the study. The other is a pre-Civil War painting of a mother and daughter being separated and sold at auction. It's “not the quote-unquote best painting in the house,” she says, “but my favorite painting in the house.”
Read the full feature on Vogue.com.
April 3 State Street Global Advisors, the asset management arm of State Street Corp, appointed Andrew Benton as head of its UK institutional business.
Benton will be a senior managing director at SSGA and joins from Baring Asset Management, where he was head of sales, business development and international client services. (Reporting by Aishwarya Venugopal in Bengaluru)
Macron rejects the idea that Trump could negotiate a fresh deal and termed his withdrawal an 'aggressive' maneuver
Published 12:43 PM, December 12, 2017
WASHINGTON DC, USA – French President Emmanuel Macron on Monday, December 11, reminded his US counterpart Donald Trump of his responsibility to history over his decision to quit the Paris climate change agreement, in an interview aired on CBS.
Speaking on the eve of the One Planet Summit, two years to the day since 195 nations adopted the climate plan, Macron rejected the idea that Trump could negotiate a fresh deal and termed his withdrawal an "aggressive" maneuver.
The French president said: "I'm sorry to say that, it doesn't fly, so, so sorry but I think it is a big responsibility in front of the history, and I'm pretty sure that my friend President Trump will change his mind in the coming months or years, I do hope."
He added: "It's extremely aggressive to decide on its own just to leave, and no way to push the others to renegotiate because one decided to leave the floor.
"I'm not ready to renegotiate but I'm ready to welcome him if he decides to come back."
Asked about his relationship with the US president, Macron characterized it as "very direct," adding he had been frank about his opposition to Washington recognizing Jerusalem as the capital of Israel.
Two years on from the Paris Agreement, Macron will meet with world leaders on Tuesday, this time to talk about money.
Without trillions of dollars of investment in clean energy, the pact's goal to keep global warming below two degrees Celsius (3.6 degrees Fahrenheit) over pre-industrial levels will remain a pipedream, observers and participants have warned. – Rappler.com
The two leaders, along with ABB CEO Ulrich Spiesshofer, were shown a demonstration of the company's new high power fast charging solution: the Terra HP EV charging station with a power output of up to 350 kW recharges a car battery in just eight minutes for 200 km reach.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005618/en/
From left to right: German Chancellor Angela Merkel, Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto, ABB CEO Ulrich Spiesshofer, First Lady Mrs. Angélica Rivera, Managing Director of ABB Germany Hans-Georg Krabbe, Managing Director of ABB Mexico Vicente Magana (Photo: Business Wire)
“This high-power fast charger provides electric vehicles with up to seven times more range in the same charging time than with previous models,” Spiesshofer said. “Together with our comprehensive ABB AbilityTM digital offering, we easily connect chargers to back offices, payment platforms or smart grid systems and offer our customers leading functionality.”
As a technology leader in sustainable electric mobility, ABB's product portfolio includes charging technologies for electric cars, buses and trucks, as well as solutions for the electrification of ships, railways and cable ways. With more than 6,500 DC fast charging stations installed in 60 countries, ABB is a global leader in DC fast charging. ABB's e-mobility leadership is also demonstrated by its partnership with Formula E, the world's first fully electric international FIA motorsport series.
ABB (ABBN: SIX Swiss Ex) is a pioneering technology leader in electrification products, robotics and motion, industrial automation and power grids, serving customers in utilities, industry and transport & infrastructure globally. Continuing a history of innovation spanning more than 130 years, ABB today is writing the future of industrial digitalization with two clear value propositions: bringing electricity from any power plant to any plug and automating industries from natural resources to finished products. As title partner of Formula E, the fully electric international FIA motorsport class, ABB is pushing the boundaries of e-mobility to contribute to a sustainable future. ABB operates in more than 100 countries with about 135,000 employees. www.abb.com
View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005618/en/
MULTIMEDIA AVAILABLE :
www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005618/en/
Multimedia Contacts :
CONTACTS :
ABB Ltd
Media Relations
Phone: +41 43 317 71 11
Email: [email protected]
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Amelia Thorpe goes in search of new hues.
We've had Fifty Shades of Grey and even Fifty Shades Darker, so is it time for something new?
Of course, grey will always have its place as a timeless neutral that works beautifully as an elegant and tranquil backdrop to many a room, but if you're itching to try something different, you may be glad to know that the paint companies are busy developing tempting new and equally subtle hues.
‘We're seeing increasing interest in versatile and calming colours that work as the “new greys”, either together in a tonal palette or as individual hues that are a foil for colour-pop shades,' says Ruth Mottershead, marketing director of Paint & Paper Library. Think gentle greens, soft sea blues, soothing aquas and the palest powder pinks, designed to complement any style of furnishings and to work well, like grey, with a wide range of other shades and tones.
There are deeper variations, too, which work just like iron grey and anthracite as darker neutrals, from deep blues, which contrast well with crisp white, or dark greens that serve as the perfect backdrop for the latest botanical fabrics and wallpapers.
So what are you waiting for? There are, of course, no rules for getting it right (far too many shades of grey for that), but plenty of enjoyment to be had in experimenting.
Paint experts suggest interesting greys, as well as some alternatives:
Edward Bulmer, interior designer and founder, Edward Bulmer Natural Paint
Natural paint emulsion, £41.50 for 2.5 litres (www.edwardbulmerpaint.co.uk; 01544 388535)
Andy Greenall, head of creative, Little Greene
Absolute matte emulsion, £42 for 2.5 litres (0845 880 5855; www.littlegreene.com)
Sarah Foster, category manager paint and wallpaper, Fired Earth
Matte emulsion, £39.50 for 2.5 litres (0845 366 0400; www.firedearth.com)
Chris Gulson-Brooke, director, Maitland & Poate
Lime paint, £50 for 2 litres (07801 055 330; www.maitlandandpoate.com)
Dominic Myland, managing director, Mylands Film, Television and Theatre Archive
Marble matte emulsion, £42 for 2.5 litres (020–8670 9161; www.mylands.com)
Sim Barker, creative director, V&A Classic Paint Collection
Matte emulsion, £36 for 2.5 litres (020–3507 1852; www.vandapaint.com)
Charlotte Cosby, head of creative, Farrow & Ball
Estate emulsion, £43.50 for 2.5 litres (01202 876141; www.farrow-ball.com)
Ruth Mottershead, marketing director, Paint & Paper Library
Pure Flat emulsion, £46.50 for 2.5 litres (0845 880 5844; www.paintandpaperlibrary.com)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
April 12 Gowing Bros Ltd:
* Has appointed an agent to run an expression of interest process for Port Central Shopping Centre
* Expressions of interest are being sought for a complete sale of Port Central Asset
* Expressions of interest are being sought for an alternative opportunity to continue development of port central with suitable JV partner Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
BRIEF-Welltend Technology to pay 2016 dividend on July 27
* Says it will pay dividend for 2016 to shareholders on July 27
Baidu's company logo is seen at its headquarters in Beijing December 17, 2014. REUTERS/Kim Kyung-Hoon
BEIJING Baidu Inc on Friday forecast second-quarter revenue largely below estimates as the Chinese internet company continues to grapple with Beijing's restrictions on its lucrative medical advertisements segment, sending its shares down six percent in extended trading.
Baidu forecast second-quarter revenue between 20.47 billion and 20.98 billion yuan ($2.97 billion-$3.04 billion), largely below analysts' estimate of 20.84 billion yuan.
Baidu started restructuring its business last year after Beijing rolled out new requirements for medical advertisers, denting the firm's lucrative healthcare advertising business which accounted for about 20-30 percent of its total search revenue.
Net income attributable to Baidu fell to 1.78 billion yuan in the quarter ended March 31, a 10.4 percent drop from 1.99 billion yuan a year earlier, the company said.
Detailing the company's ongoing plans to strip or consolidate loss-making ventures and refocus resources, the management said in an earnings call on Friday that it will focus on artificial intelligence.
"Our focus is two-fold: to enhance and expand our existing core platform and to lead the commercialization of AI technology," Baidu COO Lu Qi said on the call.
The company will fold its transaction services, including maps, delivery and financial services, into core search business, and will no longer report those metrics separately.
Baidu's chief financial officer Jennifer Li will step aside and take over as the chief executive of Baidu Capital, the company's 20 billion yuan ($2.90 billion) investment fund established last year.
The fund, which will focus on mid-to-late stage deals, is a core vehicle in the firm's effort to kick-start its new technology initiatives.
Baidu will continue to scale back spending on group-buying platform Nuomi, moving from a transaction-based model to an advertising model, Li said.
Baidu pledged to invest 3.2 billion in Nuomi in 2015, but the embattled business has been buffeted by competitors. Last month, the head of the loss-making unit was fired over kickbacks.
All incremental research and development costs this year will go towards artificial intelligence with a focus on personnel, Li added.
Baidu's first-quarter revenue rose to 16.9 billion yuan ($2.45 billion) from 15.82 billion yuan a year earlier, marginally above the 6.4 percent growth that 13 analysts surveyed by Thomson Reuters had expected.
Baidu in February forecast first-quarter revenue of 16.48 billion-17.03 billion yuan.
(Reporting by Aishwarya Venugopal in Bengaluru and Cate Cadell in Beijing; Editing by Martina D'Couto and Vyas Mohan)
Meet Ryan. He's 6 years old, likes to play with toys, and has just been listed as one of Forbes' highest-earning YouTube celebrities. Per Business Insider, the young entrepreneur, who hosts his family's Ryan ToysReview channel on the video-sharing site, helped his household bring in about $11 million in pretax income this year, simply by opening toys and other products and reviewing them online.
This monetized mastery of the “unboxing” phenomenon—what the Verge has described as “a blend of innocent childhood antics and relentless, often overwhelming consumerism”—places Ryan's channel in the No. 8 slot on the Forbes list (tied with the slapstick team Smosh), alongside other big YouTube names like brothers Jake and Logan Paul, Minecraft whiz Daniel “DanTDM” Middleton, and the controversial PewDiePie (real name: Felix Kjellberg).
What makes Ryan unusual is, obviously, his age. “He is definitely the youngest YouTube star we've ever seen,” an industry analyst told the Verge in last December's profile.
Ryan's parents posted his first video in March 2015 after the YouTube-obsessed preschooler wanted to know why he couldn't dish on toys online like other kids, per a Tubefilter interview from last year.
In July of that year, the family experienced its first viral video: Ryan opening a “giant egg surprise” with more than 100 Cars-branded toys. The channel has exploded since, now with over 10 million subscribers and more than 16 million views, per the Washington Post.
Ryan's parents told Tubefilter they mainly film on the weekends so it doesn't interfere with their son's schooling and that they pay for all of the toys Ryan reviews.
Their channel's “About” section says most of the toys they review end up going to charity. (Read about this year's must-have toy.)
This article originally appeared on Newser: He's 6 Years Old and Makes Millions on YouTube
More From Newser:
James Harris Jackson, who allegedly travelled to New York City and fatally stabbed an African-American man in an racially motivated attack, appears in State Supreme Court in New York City, U.S. April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
James Harris Jackson, who allegedly travelled to New York City and fatally stabbed an African-American man in an racially motivated attack, appears in State Supreme Court in New York City, U.S. April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
James Harris Jackson, who allegedly travelled to New York City and fatally stabbed an African-American man in an racially motivated attack, appears in State Supreme Court in New York City, U.S. April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
James Harris Jackson, who allegedly travelled to New York City and fatally stabbed an African-American man in an racially motivated attack, appears in State Supreme Court in New York City, U.S. April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
NEW YORK A white man who police said traveled to New York City to harm black people pleaded not guilty on Wednesday to a charge of murder "as a crime of terrorism" for the fatal stabbing of an African-American on a Manhattan sidewalk last month.
James Jackson, 28, turned himself in to police on March 22 after authorities circulated security-camera footage of him, describing Jackson as the suspect in the killing two days earlier of 66-year-old Timothy Caughman.
Clad in a gray sweatshirt and with his arms shackled to his waist, Jackson spoke only to confirm he could not afford his own attorney and to enter his plea during his appearance in Manhattan Criminal Court.
Jackson had told police, and would later tell reporters in an interview in jail, that he traveled to New York last month from his Baltimore home to kill multiple black men.
He hoped his planned killing spree in the heart of the country's media capital would deter black men from dating white women, according to police and a New York Daily News account of an interview with him.
Moments before being stabbed, Caughman had been gathering bottles and cans from garbage cans to exchange at a recycling center for small change. He managed to stagger to a nearby police station before dying.
Mayor Bill de Blasio spoke at Caughman's funeral on Saturday, decrying what he called a racist murder.
Prosecutors have brought six charges against Jackson: murder as a crime of terrorism, murder in the first degree, murder as a hate crime, and three counts of criminal possession of a weapon.
If convicted of murder as a crime of terrorism, Jackson would face a mandatory sentence of life in prison without parole.
Jackson is due back in court on May 31. His court-appointed public defender declined to comment to reporters after Wednesday's hearing.
(Reporting by Jonathan Allen; Editing by Lisa Von Ahn and Tom Brown)
FAIRFIELD, Conn. — Sean Hoehn and Mario Matasovic scored 16 points apiece and Sacred Heart pulled away early in second half to beat Central Connecticut State 67-54 on Saturday.
Sacred Heart (8-17, 3-9 Northeast Conference) snapped a five-game losing skid, its longest in nearly three years. CCSU (12-13, 5-7) has lost three straight since winning four in a row.
Hoehn made two 3-pointers and had six assists. Matasovic was 6-of-9 shooting and grabbed 10 rebounds. Kinnon LaRose added 11 points and Joseph Lopez 10 for Sacred Heart.
Tyler Kohl had 25 points and 11 rebounds to lead CCSU.
Less than half of those surveyed aren't insured for earthquakes and wildfires
An example of an emergency preparedness kit. (City of Victoria photo)
British Columbians have no one to blame but themselves for not being ready for an emergency, a survey commissioned by the provincial government suggests.
Fifty-four per cent of the more than 1,200 respondents said they have a draft emergency plan, according to results released Monday suggest, but only 13 per cent of them have actually completed one.
Emergency kits were also lacking around the province: Only four in 10 people have one in their car, and only three in 10 have one ready at home.
And there's no good reason why: most people cited “personal laziness” and “apathy.”
Most British Columbians had some emergency supplies, but key items were lacking.
Only 60 per cent had prepared at least four litres of water per person per day, and less than half had cash in small bills, a battery-powered or hand-crank radio, a whistle or a dust mask.
If the worst did happen, most people weren't prepared to rebuild, either.
Around half of people living in Metro Vancouver and on Vancouver Island were insured against earthquakes, and less than half of southern Interior and northern residents were covered for wildfires.
All around, most people admitted they didn't really understand how their insurance worked or what it covered.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
TALLAHASSEE, Fla. — Willie Simmons is the new Florida A&M coach. The Tallahassee native will be formally introduced during a news conference on Tuesday.
Simmons has been the head coach at Prairie View A&M the past three seasons. The 37-year old played at Clemson and The Citadel before starting his coaching career. Simmons had a 21-11 in three seasons at Prairie View, including 6-5 this past season.
Simmons will take over a program that has not had a winning record since 2011.
Alex Wood resigned on Nov. 20 after going 8-25 in three seasons. The Rattlers were 3-8 this past season and 2-6 in the Mid-Eastern Athletic Conference.
Judge rejects Massachusetts man's run for Kansas office
WICHITA, Kan. (AP) — A federal judge has rejected a request from a Massachusetts man seeking to put his name on the Republican primary ballot for Kansas attorney general.
U.S. District Judge Eric Melgren ruled from the bench Tuesday that political activist Vermin Supreme is not entitled to federal court intervention. A state board had previously ruled Supreme ineligible to run.
The Rockport, Massachusetts, man contends in a lawsuit that he should be allowed to run because Kansas has no residency requirement.
But Melgren said federal courts have interfered in state elections only in extreme circumstances, noting this case hinges on interpretation of state statutes. A Kansas judge recently ruled residency was a requirement to run for governor.
Melgren also cited the potential disruption to the August primary in Kansas.
AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart' insurance policy
June 14 Insurer American International Group Inc has partnered with International Business Machines Corp to develop a "smart" insurance policy that uses blockchain to manage complex international coverage, the companies said on Wednesday.
NEW YORK — Blake Francis scored 15 points, AJ Sumbry had 10 points and 11 rebounds and Wagner cruised to a 79-61 victory over St. Francis (Brooklyn) on Saturday for its sixth straight win.
Wagner (17-6, 10-2) has a two-game lead over Mount St. Mary's atop the Northeast Conference standings. St. Francis (10-14, 7-5) has lost two of its last three games.
JoJo Cooper added 14 points for the Seahawks, which outrebounded St. Francis 46-34. Romone Saunders had 12 points and Devin Liggeons chipped in 10.
Chauncey Hawkins scored 18 points to lead the Terriers. Glenn Sanabria added 12 points and Rasheem Dunn had 10.
COLUMBIA, Mo. — Missouri had never beaten Kentucky in 10 previous tries, but behind 16 points each from Jordan Barnett and Kassius Robertson, the Tigers finally cleared that Big Blue hurdle with a 69-60 victory Saturday.
The 21st-ranked Wildcats (17-6, 6-4 Southeastern Conference) had erased double-digit deficits the last two games in victories over West Virginia and Vanderbilt, but their poor shooting against Missouri's stingy defence ensured there would be no rally this time.
Kentucky shot 31.3 per cent from the field. Shai Gilgeous-Alexander led the Wildcats with 15 points and six assists.
Jontay Porter added 13 points and eight rebounds for Missouri (15-8, 5-5 SEC).
Missouri led 28-18 at halftime, as Kentucky made just 20 per cent of its first-half shots and went 0 for 10 from 3-point range.
As usual in a game involving Missouri — a defensive-minded and foul-prone team — the game was physical. Late in the first half, Kentucky's Jarred Vanderbilt took exception to Jared Geist's box-out, wrestled Geist to the court and had to be restrained. Both players received technical fouls, and Vanderbilt was assessed a flagrant foul.
Early in the second half, Geist drew a flagrant foul for elbowing Gilgeous-Alexander in the face.
The Wildcats cut the lead 33-32 on Jalen Knox's layup with 16:14 remaining. Then Missouri went on an 8-0 run, started with a 3-pointer and transition layup by Porter and finished with Barnett's 3-pointer. The Tigers maintained the lead the rest of the way.
BIG PICTURE
Kentucky: The Wildcats made just 2 of 20 shots from 3-point range. The Wildcats' nation-leading streak of 1,035 straight games with a 3-pointer — dating to Nov. 28, 1998 — was in jeopardy until Wenyen Gabriel made one with 2:53 left in the game.
PHOENIX, March 27 A manhunt for an armed fugitive that triggered the evacuation of a popular wildlife park south of the Grand Canyon ended peacefully on Monday with the arrest of the suspect, police in Arizona said.
The accused gunman was believed to have possibly fled into the Bearizona Wildlife Park after a confrontation with police that began as a traffic stop and turned into a high-speed chase, a spokesman for the Yavapai County Sheriff's Office said.
One passenger was thrown from the car during a getaway attempt, a second man was taken into custody when the car crashed, but a third fled on foot, firing at least one shot toward deputies from a handgun, according to the spokesman, Dwight D'Evelyn.
The suspect disappeared near the Bearizona park, a 168-acre private attraction nestled within the Kaibab National Forest at the edge of Williams, a gateway town to Grand Canyon National Park about 60 miles away.
As a precaution, Bearizona was closed and evacuated, with police escorting all 200 visitors and about 20 staff safely from the facility, spokeswoman Jocelyn Monteverde said. Public schools in Williams were also placed on lockdown during the manhunt, police said.
At about 6 p.m. local time, nearly six hours after the search began, police located the suspect, identified as John Freeman, in a highway culvert near Bearizona, and he was arrested without incident, D'Evelyn said.
Police said Freeman was wanted on a warrant from nearby Kingman, Arizona, but no further information about him was immediately released.
Bearizona is visited by some 300,000 tourists a year, many on their way to or from the Grand Canyon, located about an hour's drive to the north, Monteverde said. It features a collection of bears, wolves, bison and other wildlife, some roaming a drive-through exhibit and others displayed in smaller zoo-like enclosures. (Reporting by David Schwartz in Phoenix; Additional reporting and writing by Steve Gorman in Los Angeles; Editing by Simon Cameron-Moore)
New U.S. funds would mimic ADRs but cut currency risk -filing
NEW YORK, June 14 An investment company is planning to offer a novel kind of fund that would offer U.S. investors direct access to foreign stocks, while tamping down the risk of currency declines, regulatory filings showed on Wednesday.
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup he co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
Here is another chance to hear Galway's 1-22 to 2-11 win over Kilkenny last Sunday in the Leinster Senior Hurling Championship. Galway's first game at home in this competition.
Presented by John Mulligan with Commentary from Sean Walsh, Conor Hayes and Niall Canavan
BRIEF-Baofeng Group says dividend payment date on June 20
* Says it will pay a cash dividend of 0.250044 yuan (before tax) per 10 shares and use additional paid-in capital to distribute 2.000354 new shares for every 10 shares for 2016, to shareholders of record on June 19
People should approach their office party as if it is in the workplace if they want to avoid getting themselves into trouble, a law firm has warned.
With the Christmas party season getting into full swing, a law firm is urging employers to take responsibility for their staff and ensure that individual and business reputations remain intact.
The firm has even drawn up a list of seasonal "dos and don'ts' to ensure people can let their hair down - without letting themselves down, or losing their jobs.
Lawyers say the office Christmas party has the potential to land individuals and the place of work in the spotlight for all the wrong reasons.
They warned that it is important that any 'banter' or actions do not cross the threshold, potentially landing workers and the company in hot water.
Yunus Lunat, head of employment law at Leeds-based legal firm Ison Harrison, said: "Even though employees may be physically out of the office, normal rules apply; the venue for the office party is an extension of the workplace for the purposes of the employment legislation.
"Staff are expected to conduct themselves to the same standards expected whilst at work."
"Everyone wants to have a great time at the work Christmas party, but why let a moment of indiscretion spoil everything?
"All employees should remember that the annual work Christmas party is considered to be an extension of the workplace.
"As enjoyable as it may seem to engage in some tipsy flirtation, it is important to be mindful of the consequences."
Morale vs morals
He said Christmas parties are excellent for building team morale but while the normal responsibilities of work may be temporarily on hold, caution needs to be taken to ensure behaviour doesn't lead to problems on returning to work.
Even if they would rather turn a blind eye, employers may have to go through the standard disciplinary and dismissal procedures if things get out of hand.
If an employer feels that there has been misconduct which could bring them into disrepute or affect the ability to carry out their role, then this could result in dismissal.
Mr Lunat added: "The message is clear - have fun at the office party, but don't do anything you might regret later."
Party dos and don'ts
The employment team at Ison Harrison has compiled some "dos and don'ts" to help during Christmas party season:
* Do relax and have fun - but don't loosen up to the point where you overstep the mark. Doing this can result in disciplinary action or at worst, dismissal. You might not remember what you said or did but there will be a whole host of people that do.
* Don't be tempted to phone in sick the next day should your party be held on a weeknight - your employer is still entitled to process the day in accordance with its sickness absence policy, which can result in disciplinary sanctions if appropriate.
* Do post your photos on social media the day after the party, but take care with captioning. You could easily find yourself on the wrong side of the company's social media policy with the wrong choice of words.
* Don't bring your grievances to the party. If a genuine issue with a colleague does exist, familiarise yourself with the set grievance policy and follow it when you're back in the office. Even if an event has occurred at the Christmas party, you're still entitled to report it.
* Do remember that if the party continues elsewhere, it may still be clear that you're from a certain company, so inappropriate behaviour can still be punished on the basis that you were 'representing' the firm at the time.
* Don't forget that if you are subject to harassment or other inappropriate behaviour, you are wholly entitled to report it and expect it to be dealt with fully and in a professional manner in accordance with the appropriate policies. Seek legal advice if unsure.
April 28 DF Deutsche Forfait AG:
* Short FY II consolidated net loss of -2.8 million euros (-$3.06 million), compared to a consolidated net income of 34.2 million euros in short fiscal year I 2016
* For financial year 2017 aims at a business volume of approx. 300 million euros and a slightly positive consolidated net income Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9164 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
The world of makeup is about re-inventing yourself.
And Salmon Arm makeup artist Missy MacKintosh is a master of that.
From make up sales rep to travel agent to full-time makeup artist, MacKintosh has now moved into another realm – CEO and creative director of her own beauty product company, MisMacK Clean Cosmetics.
“I've been in makeup for a while and the cosmetics industry is not regulated, so often you have no idea what you are putting on your face. I started researching ingredients and out of that came my desire for more natural products, things that are clean, ethically sourced and aren't going to do damage to your face or the Earth,” says MacKintosh.
Appropriately on Sunday, April 22, Earth Day, MacKintosh opened online pre-sales for the first two products in her exclusive makeup line: GlitterEnvi, a plant-based, biodegradable glitter eye shadow and Gaia Gloss, a dual -purpose product which can be a lip conditioner and also the base for the glitter.
The uniqueness of the product lies in that unlike other glitter products, it is biodegradable, with two of the glitters being made from wood pulp and the others being cornstarch-based. But there's no fear of the glitter breaking down while wearing it, as it is not water soluble. But when composted, the glitter breaks down in nine months.
“There are people who said, you can't have a clean glitter. In fact some countries in Europe are banning glitter, because, like microbeads, it doesn't break down and it is getting into waters and oceans. That was the key, to find a formula that could offer a pro-quality makeup look, but that also is plant-based and won't harm the environment,” says MacKintosh.
The MisMacK glitter is the first of what MacKintosh plans to be a full line of green, clean cosmetics. She is starting with the glitter because the look is currently in high demand in the fashion world.
“I'm hoping to lead the glitter revolution,” says MacKintosh “I kept hearing how people want this product, so I decided to seize the day and do this one first.”
Related link: Salmon Arm makeup artist needs your votes
Related link: Duo creates enchanted characters for the opera
Before it even hits store shelves, the product is already generating international buzz. Trend Privé magazine, a beauty publication in the UK, has already done a feature piece on GlitterEnvi.
The article calls MacKintosh's biodegradable glitter, “the stuff of dreams for both the professional artist and, of course, the consumer.”
“As an opening gambit, glitter is the best, with the current trends in fashion leaning toward fantasy and whimsy, her range is set to become the benchmark for organic and eco-friendly makeup worldwide. The range will be expanded further and is set to be a major player on the beauty scene,” it reads.
Interest is high among retailers already, with a number of places already saving spots on their shelves. MacKintosh's products will be available in Salmon Arm at Chadalin Medi-Spa, Hidden Gems Salmon and Spa in Blind Bay, Annex in Revelstoke and Portia-Ella boutique in Winnipeg. And — in what would be MacKintosh's biggest coup – a Shoppers Beauty Boutique in Calgary has expressed interest in carrying MisMacK.
“For Shoppers to agree to carry it, that would be a really big deal because if it does well, they could pick it up for other stores all across the country,” she says.
Related link: Disney cosplay brings Cosmo to Okanagan artists
For MacKintosh, who is also the mother of a young son and has her calendar booked with weddings, commercial model shoots for companies like Sweet Legs, and doing other creative fashion shoots, adding the creation of a her own makeup line has turned her calendar into a whirlwind. In addition to creating the products and finding a manufacturer, she has also been involved with all the colour selections, product testing, packaging design and naming the shades.
There are seven varieties of GlitterEnvi dubbed – Disco Days, Unicorn, Pink Perfect, Blue Lagoon, Jade, UFO and Diamonds. The Gaia Gloss is also available as the clear base.
Other products in the MisMacK line will follow, including plans for foundation, lipstick, mascara and eye shadow.
Pre-orders for the products are available online through www.mismack.com
-Video clips courtesy of Hiilite Creative Group.
@SalmonArm
newsroom@saobserver.net
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter
Read Fr Mbaka's new year message to Buhari
Enugu - The priest of the Catholic Adoration Ministry in Enugu State has advised President Muhammadu Buhari on leadership in the New Year.
Ejike Mbaka gave the advice in Enugu on Saturday in his New Year message at the cross over service to 2017.
He advised the President to tackle the challenges facing the country, saying “many Nigerians are suffering.
“Though the President is trying on corruption and security, Nigerians are hungry; they want to see more changes.
“There is the need to assist businessmen and women in their businesses,” the famous cleric who publicly supported Mr. Buhari's presidential ambition, said.
He also advised the President to appoint experts who would help him to revive the economy.
The cleric asked the President to consult Church leaders and eminent men of God
to advise him and tell him the truth about the economy.
“We cannot reach him for advice because of the kind of people around him,” he added.
He then urged Nigerians to be patient and be prayerful “as your sufferings and hardships would be over in 2017.
“Nigeria is set to be great again,” he stressed.
- News 24
The Columbus 2020 Regional Growth Strategy Achieves Key Goal to Add 150,000 Net New Jobs
10-Year Goal Met Two Years Ahead of Schedule; Region Looks Forward to Next Decade
Columbus, Ohio – Columbus 2020, the economic development organization for the 11-county Columbus Region, today reported that a key goal to add 150,000 net new jobs has been achieved within the 11-county Columbus Region, according to data from the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics.
The goal to add 150,000 net new jobs by the year 2020 is one of four long-term economic development goals in the Columbus 2020 Regional Growth Strategy, an ambitious 10-year plan that was launched in 2010 by local leaders from the public and private sectors. The strategy set out to ensure growth of the 11-county regional economy. The Columbus Region is comprised of Delaware, Fairfield, Franklin, Knox, Licking, Logan, Madison, Marion, Morrow, Pickaway and Union counties.
“We selected the 150,000 net new jobs goal because it surpasses anything we've done in our history as a metropolitan region,” said Kenny McDonald, president and CEO, Columbus 2020. “And we stressed that it be a net number so that we continued to focus on the success and expansion of existing companies and not just the recruitment of new companies to the area.”
Hundreds of investments and projects have contributed to the Columbus Region's success over the past decade. From the Region's rise as a top location for corporate enterprise data centers, to the growth of technology companies and new manufacturing operations, the Columbus Region has experienced diverse economic growth since 2010.
“Open arms from this smart, open region. That's what I have experienced from Columbus as a business leader. I put down roots here in the middle of the Great Recession and now have a thriving business,” said Becca Apfelstadt, co-founder and CEO, treetree. A Columbus-based marketing firm, treetree is one of hundreds of companies that have created new jobs since the Columbus 2020 Regional Growth Strategy launched.
This is the strongest decade of job growth in the Columbus Region's history. From 2000-2010, the Region added a meager 3,073 net new jobs during a period when the United States went through its worst economic crisis since the Great Depression. The Columbus MSA ranks No. 13 for net new jobs among the 35 similarly sized metros with a population between one and three million.
“When regional economic goals were set in 2010, at the tail end of a rough recession, many could not imagine the achievement of such a bold jobs goal. Companies within the Columbus Region have met the challenge, and our economic development outlook is now stronger than ever,” said Alex R. Fischer, president and CEO, Columbus Partnership, who helped drive development and launch of the Columbus 2020 Regional Growth Strategy.
As the area begins to close in on completion of its decade-long plan, work to develop a strategy that meets the Region's new needs and challenges is in progress now.
“We are very happy about hitting the new jobs milestone,” said Dave Blom, president and CEO of OhioHealth and one of the leaders who helped drive the Columbus 2020 Regional Growth Strategy. “And to have done it with such incredible commitment and collaboration – the Columbus Way – makes you proud to be part of it and confident that we can do even more.”
The Columbus 2020 Regional Growth Strategy's goal to attract over $8 billion of capital investment has already been met and exceeded, and the goal to raise per capita income by 30 percent is on pace to be achieved and exceeded. The Columbus Region has also been repeatedly recognized as a national leader in economic development.
Continued industry recognition like Site Selection magazine's top-10 Metro Area ranking, which the Columbus Region has been listed on six times in the past six years, has increased awareness of the Columbus Region's growing economy. In 2017, a survey of U.S. corporate executives and location advisors conducted by Development Counsellors International (DCI) found that Columbus 2020 was ranked No. 1 “best in class” regional economic development group. In a separate study by Atlas Advertising of 100 site selectors from around the world, Columbus 2020 topped the list of “most valuable brands in economic development” in 2017.
For an overview of the Columbus 2020 Regional Growth Strategy goals to date, visit the Columbus 2020 progress page of ColumbusRegion.com.
About Columbus 2020
As the economic development organization for the Columbus Region, Columbus 2020's mission is to generate opportunity and build capacity for economic growth across 11 Central Ohio counties. In 2010, hundreds of business and community leaders developed the Columbus 2020 Regional Growth Strategy, and the Columbus Region is now experiencing the strongest decade of growth in its history. The Columbus 2020 team conducts business outreach, promotes the Columbus Region to market-leading companies around the world, conducts customized research to better understand the Columbus Region's competitiveness, and works to leverage public, private and institutional partnerships. Funding is received from more than 300 private organizations, local governments, academic institutions and JobsOhio. Learn more at ColumbusRegion.com.
http://www.sunburynews.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/48/2018/05/columbus-region-map.png
These spells trouble for private school districts like the Biloxi Diocese, with its 14 schools and 3,600 students. (Photo source: WLOX)
Cuts in the Mississippi Department of Education are having an effect on private schools. These cuts could cost some schools hundreds of thousands of dollars.
The school year had already gotten underway when Dr. Mike Ladner, Superintendent of schools with the Biloxi Diocese, got a notification about a big blow to his budget.
"All non-public schools who are accredited by the Mississippi Department of Education will not be allocated textbook funds for the 2017-2018 school year," said Ladner.
These spells trouble for private school districts like the Biloxi Diocese, with its 14 schools and 3,600 students.
"You're talking probably about over $300,000," said Ladner.
That kind of money isn't easy to come by for any school. Private schools mostly rely on tuition. According to Ladner, tuition is where his district would have to turn.
"If it stayed like it was, we would certainly have to raise tuition to the parents. We would have to pass along the cost to the parents," said Dr. Ladner.
While no one likes a tuition hike, what Ladner said is an even bigger blow is that this particular cut isn't happening to public schools, even though his parents pay the same sales tax that helps buy the books.
"It's fine. We understand you've got to have cuts if it's equitable across the board. Don't take just from non-public schools," said Cindy Hahn, who is entering her fifth year as principal at Our Lady of Fatima Elementary.
Hahn and other principals throughout the district buy books annually, and they're hoping lawmakers change their tune and the cut changes for next year.
"Hopefully it will, if people will write and call and bombard them with how unfair this is for non-public schools," said Hahn.
WLOX reached out to the state department of education. A spokeswoman for the department couldn't answer why the textbook funds for public schools weren't being cut. She did tell us that all programs were evaluated and that there was a 22 percent cut for the entire department.
Copyright 2017 WLOX. All rights reserved.
Work on Porter Ave. in Ocean Springs will stop after officials found an unmarked natural gas line.(Photo Source: File)
The Porter Avenue construction project in Ocean Springs will be suspended for the next several weeks to avoid conflict with other services underway.
The City of Ocean Springs made the announcement it's a official website after discovery of an unmarked natural gas line. According to city officials, the line will be moved by CenterPoint Energy to avoid interference with water and sewer services.
Officials state that the line absolutely must be moved before the construction project can continue. The work is expected to take 3-4 to complete.
Routine road maintenance on the will continue in the upcoming month.
The construction work on Porter Avenue is part of a $1.2 million project to new water lines, sewage, and drainage along the road. Sidewalks will also be built on the north and south sides.
Funds for the project comes from MDOT, with a 20 percent match from Ocean Springs and Jackson County.
The final completion date for construction on Porter Avenue will be announced at a later date.
Copyright 2018 WLOX. All rights reserved.
LONDON May 3 European money market futures rose on Wednesday as analysts said reforms to Euribor rates due to be unveiled on Thursday could lead to lower daily fixings in the future.
The European Money Market Institute will on Thursday publish outcomes of a project to reform the Euro Interbank Offered Rate (Euribor), which has studied issues such as methodology and the institutions that report in a daily rate known as the "fix".
The reforms were called for after several financial institutions were fined as part of an inquiry into how rates like Euribor and Libor, which determine the rates on loans and financial contracts across the globe, are set.
Analysts widely agree that changes could result in lower fixings and higher volatility going forward.
"The market perception is that the new transaction based methodology could lead to lower Euribor fixings, which is the reason why the Euribor futures are better bid," said Kim Liu, senior fixed income strategist at ABN AMRO.
Euribor futures across the 2017 to 2019 strip rose 1-1.5 basis points as the implied rates on the future contracts fell. .
Authorities have fined banks about $9 billion as part of the rate-setting inquiry.
(Reporting by John Geddie and Dhara Ranasinghe; Editing by Angus MacSwan)
The Galway Bay Fm Summer Roadshow is back on the road for 2017 and this year we got underway in the Clybaun Hotel to bring you our Knocknacarra Special.
Ollie Turner is joined by guests from all walks of life with quality music and dance thrown in!
Tomorrow, the Summer Roadshow comes from Mountbellew.
Some Pictures Taken From Today:
A protester holds a poster with an image of late Serbian strongman Slobodan Milosevic reading 'It still smells like... ' during a demonstration against the overwhelming victory of Prime Minister Aleksandar Vucic in Serbia's presidential election in Belgrade, Serbia, April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Djordje Kojadinovic
Protesters take part in a demonstration against the overwhelming victory of Prime Minister Aleksandar Vucic in Serbia's presidential election in Belgrade, Serbia April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Djordje Kojadinovic
Protesters take part in a demonstration against the overwhelming victory of Prime Minister Aleksandar Vucic in Serbia's presidential election in Belgrade, Serbia April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Djordje Kojadinovic
Protesters take part in a demonstration against the overwhelming victory of Prime Minister Aleksandar Vucic in Serbia's presidential election in Belgrade, Serbia April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Djordje Kojadinovic
BELGRADE Thousands of protesters, mainly students, rallied for the third straight night in Belgrade on Wednesday to protest against the overwhelming victory of Prime Minister Aleksandar Vucic in a weekend presidential election.
Throngs gathered in front of the Serbian parliament, blowing whistles and chanting "Vucic, you stole the election" and "End the dictatorship". Their numbers swelled as they marched through the city centre.
Protesters said they see Vucic as an autocrat and his Serbian Progressive Party as corrupt and instrumental in what they say was a fraudulent election.
Demands posted on social media by one group of students included dismissing the election commission, the media regulator and top editors of the state RTS TV for allegedly failing to facilitate a free and fair vote.
Students also want Maja Gojkovic, the parliament speaker and a top Vucic ally, to go as it was she who decided to adjourn parliamentary sessions until after the vote.
"We are here to demand more democracy, an end to Vucic's dictatorial regime and a better future, more jobs and a better education system," said Djordje Peric, 21, a student.
Students who rally supporters through social networks, reject alliances with political parties. They instead invited trade unions to join in. Similar protests have been staged in several other towns throughout the EU candidate country.
According to the state election commission's preliminary data, Vucic, 47, won on Sunday with 55.02 percent of votes.
Although his new post will be largely ceremonial, he is expected to maintain his grip on power through his Serbian Progressive Party and to continue a balancing act between the West and Russia, a Orthodox Christian and Slavic ally.
Sasa Jankovic, a former human rights advocate, came second, with only 16.36 percent, while Luka Maksimovic, a student, came third with 9.43 percent.
(Reporting by Aleksandar Vasovic; Editing by Louise Ireland)
April 28 Pacific Current Group Ltd
* Total fum as at 31 March 2017 of a$57.5bn, up 11.2%, driven primarily by A$5.4 bln of net inflows
* Growth boutiques received net inflows totaling a$4.2bn, while core boutiques received a$1.1bn of net inflows during quarter Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Chess | Youth Tournaments
This photo series documents the thrilling atmosphere of youth chess tournaments. For many of us, chess is the most boring sport in the world. However, for some people it is exactly the opposite.
NEW YORK After a year that began in controversy as one of the few celebrities to agree to perform at the inauguration of U.S. President Donald Trump, teen singer Jackie Evancho is hoping to switch the focus back to her music.
But the classical crossover vocalist is also hoping to use that inaugural performance in January to secure a meeting with Trump over his decision to revoke guidance to U.S. public schools to let transgender students use the bathrooms of their choice.
Evancho, whose sister Juliet is transgender, is still waiting for a response to her February request on Twitter for the meeting.
"If I had the chance to sit down with (Trump), I would want to talk about how it's more of a civil rights issue and there needs to be some sort of legislation or federal law that ensures the protection and safety of my sister and other transgenders," Evancho, who turns 17 on Sunday, told Reuters Television.
"It is a super dangerous concept to be in a restroom that you do not identify with and it's scary and I don't think anyone should have to deal with that," she added.
Evancho found fame as a 10-year-old with an adult opera singer's voice on the television show "America's Got Talent."
She was the target of attacks on social media after agreeing to sing the U.S. national anthem at Trump's inauguration, but said her decision was not guided by politics.
"It was a scary concept at first, but then I realized I'm not doing this for politics. I'm doing this for my country and this is a huge honor; this shouldn't be something I should be scared of. And so I said, 'OK, we're going to do this,'" she said.
Now Evancho is aiming to widen her appeal with the album "Two Hearts," which includes pop songs and some of her own songwriting. Evancho worked on the album for over a year.
"This is something most people don't do - there are two genres on one album. Completely different sides of my voice which is kind of the name, two hearts, that's where it comes from," she said.
"Two Hearts," was released on March 31.
(Reporting by Reuters Television, editing by G Crosse)
GLOBAL MARKETS-Stocks fall, dollar pares losses after Fed decision
NEW YORK, June 14 U.S. stocks fell in volatile trading while the dollar pared losses on Wednesday after the Federal Reserve delivered a widely expected interest rate hike and announced it would begin cutting its huge holdings of bonds this year.
April 5 Trupanion Inc:
* Trupanion Inc says on March 31, 2017 co, units entered into a first amendment to loan and security agreement - sec filing
* Trupanion - pursuant to terms of original loan agreement, lenders agreed to provide company with an aggregate credit facility of $30 million - sec filing
* Trupanion Inc says amendment increase sublimit for ancillary services and letters of credit under revolving line from $3 million to $4.5 million
* Trupanion - loan amendment amends agreement to extend revolving maturity date of loans under original loan agreement from dec 16, 2018 to dec 16, 2019 Source text (bit.ly/2o2ldfR) Further company coverage:
Simon's mother-in-law is like Job's toiling, hopeless humanity. She is laid low by affliction but too weak to save herself.
Scott
Hahn
In today's first Reading, Job describes the futility of life before Christ.
His lament reminds us of the curse of toil and death placed upon Adam following his original sin (see Genesis 3:17--19). Men and women are like slaves seeking shade, unable to find rest. Their lives are like the wind that comes and goes.
But, as we sing in today's Psalm, He who created the stars promised to heal the brokenhearted and gather those lost in exile from Him (see Isaiah 11:12; 61:1). We see this promise fulfilled in today's Gospel.
Simon's mother-in-law is like Job's toiling, hopeless humanity. She is laid low by affliction but too weak to save herself.
But as God promised to take His chosen people by the hand (see Isaiah 42:6), Jesus grasps her by the hand and helps her up. The word translated "help" is actually Greek for raising up. The same verb is used when Jesus commands a dead girl to arise (see Mark 5:41--42). It's used again to describe His own resurrection (see Mark 14:28; 16:7).
What Jesus has done for Simon's mother-in-law, He has done for all humanity-- raised all of us who lay dead through our sins (see Ephesians 2:5).
Notice all the words of totality and completeness in the Gospel. The whole town gathers; all the sick are brought to Him. He drives out demons in the whole of Galilee. Everyone is looking for Christ.
We too have found Him. By our baptism, He healed and raised us to live in His presence (see Hosea 6:1--2).
Like Simon's mother-in-law, there is only one way we can thank Him for the new life He has given us. We must rise to serve Him and His gospel.
Our lives must be our thanksgiving, as Paul describes in today's Epistle. We must tell everyone the good news, the purpose for which Jesus has come--that others, too, may have a share in this salvation.
Fifth Sunday in Ordinary Time
Jb 7:1--4, 6--7
Ps 147:1--6
1 Cor 9:16--19, 22--23
Mk 1:29--39
Scott Hahn is the founder and president of the Saint Paul Center for Biblical Theology. He is also the bestselling author of numerous books including The Lamb's Supper, Reasons to Believe, and Rome Sweet Home (co-authored with his wife, Kimberly). Some of his newest books are The Creed, Joy to the World and Evangelizing Catholics.
Comments
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
A LOW-CAL CALZONE Panzerotti Is The Calzone Of Ben Wyatt's Dreams
Hailing from the heel of Italy's boot, panzerotti have a light and airy dough that makes it a little less of a commitment than an entire calzone.
NEW YORK, May 2 (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - Former U.S. presidential candidate Hillary Clinton said on Tuesday that sexism played a role in her loss to Donald Trump but FBI Director James Comey and intervention by Russia were more decisive factors in her downfall.
Comey's announcement in October that he would reopen an investigation into Clinton's email server and Russian-backed moves by WikiLeaks scared off potential voters, Clinton said in an interview at Women for Women International, a global charity.
Clinton, who served as Secretary of State under President Obama, was projected as the heavy favorite but lost to Republican Trump in the Nov. 8 election. Had she won, she would have been the nation's first woman president.
Asked on Tuesday by interviewer Christiane Amanpour of CNN if sexism played a part in her loss, Clinton said: "I do think it played a role.
"It is real. It is very much a part of the landscape politically, socially and economically," she said.
Clinton promised to address sexism in her new book to be published this fall. She called writing the book "a painful process" of reliving the campaign.
Saying she "absolutely" takes responsibility for her loss, Clinton placed blame on the FBI's Comey, who sent a letter to Congress days before the election saying he was reinstating an investigation into Clinton's use of a private email server while secretary of state, and on Russian intervention.
WikiLeaks, an anti-secrecy group, released Democratic emails during the campaign that U.S. intelligence agencies say were hacked by Russia to try to tilt the race against Clinton.
"I was on the way to winning until a combination of Jim Comey's letter of October 28 and Russian Wikileaks raised doubts in the minds of people who were inclined to vote for me but got scared off," she said.
"The evidence for that intervening event is, I think, compelling, persuasive."
If the election had been held on Oct. 27, she said: "I would be the president."
Under Trump, she cautioned, progress in women's rights issues - such as equal pay - is in jeopardy.
"I think we are not just at a stalled point. I think we are potentially going backwards."
But she declared herself geared up to stay politically active and involved with the Trump opposition, for whom "Resist" has become a popular slogan.
"I'm now back to being an activist citizen and part of the resistance," the 69-year-old Clinton said. (Reporting by Ellen Wulfhorst, editing by Belinda Goldsmith; Please credit the Thomson Reuters Foundation, the charitable arm of Thomson Reuters, that covers humanitarian news, women's rights, trafficking, property rights, climate change and resilience. Visit news.trust.org)
TOKYO, April 3 Japanese big manufacturers' business confidence improved in March from three months ago, the Bank of Japan's closely watched quarterly "tankan" survey showed on Monday.
The headline index for big manufacturers' sentiment stood at plus 12 in March and is expected to fall to plus 11 over the next three months, the tankan showed.
The reading compared with plus 10 seen in the previous survey in December and a median market forecast of plus 14.
The tankan's sentiment indexes are derived by subtracting the number of respondents who say conditions are poor from those who say they are good. A positive reading means optimists outnumber pessimists. (Reporting by Leika Kihara and Tetsushi Kajimoto; Editing by Chang-Ran Kim)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Why doesn't Baltimore have a first-rate public transit system? Why should a major US city have one subway line, rather than an entire subway system? And why does that single subway line not connect with the light rail? Why does Baltimore have a Streetcar Museum, but no streetcars?
Access to public transit - or the lack of it - can seriously impact the prosperity of a city. A study at Harvard identified poor transportation options as the number one obstacle for people trying to escape poverty. In survey after survey, college kids' biggest compliant about Baltimore is the lack of good public transit. The New Year brings with it a renewed optimism in the future of Baltimore's public transit.
A group called Transit Choices is a coalition of businesses, community groups, and planners who are trying to coordinate a comprehensive overhaul of Baltimore's transportation system. Today, Jimmy Rouse of Transit Choices, and Klaus Philipsen, an urban planner and transportation expert, join Tom in the studio for a conversation about the future of Baltimore's public transit system.
Audio for this segment will be posted at 3pm.
Senior Associate Justice Antonio Carpio also points out that mere imminent threat of rebellion is not enough to declare martial law
Published 11:56 PM, June 13, 2017
MANILA, Philippines – Supreme Court (SC) Associate Justice Marvic Leonen said on Tuesday, June 13, there should be clearer operational guidelines on martial law.
"When I look at martial law, there seems to be no operational guideline except its limits," Leonen said on Tuesday during the first day of the SC oral arguments on the petitions seeking to nullify the declaration of martial law in Mindanao.
If it is necessary for the Court to grapple with martial law, he said, "we need clear operational guidelines."
Leonen pointed out that under Section 18, Article VII of the Constitution, martial law's definition is limited to the things which cannot be done – Congress and the courts cannot be abolished – and not so much what can be done.
In particular, Leonen discussed the extent of the powers of the military to carry out warrantless arrests as provided for in the suspension of the writ of habeas corpus. (READ: SC's Bersamin says trust Duterte on martial law)
Warrantless arrests
While interpellating Marlon Manuel of the Marawi group of petitioners, Leonen rattled off a list of instances when the army can arrest someone without warrant, all of the examples cited having something to do with being armed and about to, or firing, their guns or tanks.
It led Manuel to say that even without martial law, individuals in Leonen's examples may be arrested without warrant because this is provided for under the rules of court and even in the legal doctrine on continuing crimes.
"Then what is added by martial law?" Leonen asked.
He said: "Martial law is not simply a declaration, martial law has certain real effects. And if there's no guideline and it's just a broad declaration, wouldn't you say that it may be difficult for us to assess the sufficiency of the facts in relation to what is needed by the President?"
Leonen also asked Manuel whether martial law helped even to just strike fear in the hearts of the perpetrators of violence in Marawi. He eventually answered his own question and said that striking fear is just a "pragmatic effect" and declaring martial law may even have "collateral effects" in other parts of the country.
But, Leonen pointed out, "the SC does not rule on what is pragmatic. It rules on what is in the Constitution and what is relevant, given a particular situation." (READ: Questions you need to ask about martial law in Mindanao)
He also said declaring martial law is an admission by government that there is a "failure of governance." Therefore, he continued, these exigencies must be used "sparingly" by government.
Leonen also warned that to say martial law will be needed to completely quell a rebellion as claimed by government is to say there is "an indefinite need for it."
Actual rebellion
For his part, Senior Associate Justice Antonio Carpio focused on whether there was an actual case of rebellion in Marawi.
While Associate Justice Mariano del Castillo was more categorical in his interpellation, saying he believes the raising of an Islamic State (ISIS) flag in Marawi is a clear case of rebellion, Carpio indicated doubt.
Carpio asked Albay 1st District Representative Edcel Lagman: "If the Maute Group merely intended to commit rebellion, if they had the intent and capability but they don't actually rise up publicly against the government with arms, that is not sufficient?"
Lagman responded that the phrase "imminent danger" was removed from the 1987 Constitution because it wanted to be clear that martial law should only be declared if there is an actual rebellion, and not just the danger of one.
Carpio then emphasized: "Under the 1973 Constitution, mere imminent threat is sufficient to cover martial law. [But] under the present Constitution, there must be actual rebellion. There must be actual rebellion, an armed public uprising to remove a territory from the laws of government or the sovereignty of the government."
Carpio also questioned the reason for declaring martial law in the entire island of Mindanao, instead of just in Marawi City.
Carpio enumerated a long list of provinces in Mindanao and rhetorically asked Lagman whether there was rebellion in these areas. Lagman answered in the negative. (READ: Nullify martial law? Your guide to the SC oral arguments) – Rappler.com
× Lawmaker placed on leave from college due to investigation
OLYMPIA, Wash. — A state lawmaker who is facing scrutiny over past allegations of sexual harassment while teaching at Central Washington University has been placed on leave by the school because of a new investigation.
The News Tribune and Northwest News Network reported Monday that the university would not disclose the nature of the investigation of Republican Rep. Matt Manweller or any further details about it.
The move comes as Manweller, who is a political science professor at the college, has been the subject of new reports related to 2012 and 2013 investigations of him by the school into allegations of sexual harassment.
Manweller has denied those allegations.
The university never determined the allegations Manweller to be substantiated, though school officials formally reprimanded Manweller at least once, saying he had problems maintaining boundaries with students.
All the Latest Details on Will and Kate's New Family of 5
Come back every weekday at 8:30 a.m. EST to watch People Now streaming live from the Meredith offices in New York City, and rebroadcast at 11:30 a.m. EST. Get the absolute latest in celebrity news, real-life people stories & the best of fashion and food.
Want even more? Watch clips from yesterday's People Now.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Bank Of Jiangsu:
* SAYS IT PLANS TO ISSUE UP TO 20 BILLION YUAN ($3.18 billion) A-SHARE CONVERTIBLE BONDS Source text in Chinese: bit.ly/2EwM3DC Further company coverage: ($1 = 6.2835 Chinese yuan renminbi) (Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom)
Uber's open COO job in the spotlight amid leadership void
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 With Chief Executive Travis Kalanick taking a leave of absence from Uber Technologies Inc, the vacant job of chief operating officer takes on a lot more importance as the company frames the position as key to solving its woes.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
NEW YORK — A woman's son allegedly choked his mother's ex-boyfriend to death Monday after spotting the man beating her inside their New York City apartment, police said.
The 43-year-old ex-boyfriend showed up at the University Avenue unit in the Bronx around 4:30 a.m. to talk to the mother, police told WPIX. The two argued in the hallway, then he followed her into the apartment.
The man, who police didn't immediately identify Monday, then began beating the 37-year-old woman, officers said. Her 18-year-old son heard what was happening and rushed out of his bedroom.
The teen allegedly fought with his mom's ex-boyfriend, pulling him off of his mother before choking the man to death, police said.
Police sources said the mother, who had briefly passed out, woke up to the sight of her son standing over her ex-boyfriend.
The dead man has 26 prior arrests, two for domestic violence against the teenager's mother, sources told WPIX.
Police took the teen into custody. No charges have been filed as of Monday evening.
Despite the recent rain in the Cariboo, the BC Wildfire Service is warning the public to remain vigilant. The video above was capture at the Bishop Bluffs fire
“Extreme fire behaviour such as this is a force of nature and suppression efforts are ineffective.,” a BC Wildfire Service Facebook post read. “The focus of the [BC Wildfire Service] shifts to ensuring responder and public safety and protecting values.”
The organization urged B.C. residents to respect evacuation orders and alerts in what has shaped up to be the province's second-worst wildfire season in recorded history.
Every couple of years, we revisit the subject of saving Trestles, and it's a battle we'll likely wage well into the future. Especially considering the State Parks lease comes up in 2020, and who knows what sort of greedy developers might try to sneak in around that time. It's certainly possible.
At the moment, there's another, more immediate cause for concern: 3.6 million pounds of nuclear waste is currently sitting on the coastline at the now defunct San Onofre Nuclear Generating Station, and if Southern California Edison, the operators of SONGS, gets its way, they'll soon develop a storage facility inside the 84-acre site, and that's where the waste will stay, indefinitely. 3.6 million pounds of nuclear waste. In an earthquake zone. 100 feet from the beach.
Fortunately, the plan hasn't fallen on deaf ears, and thanks to a lawsuit against Southern California Edison by Citizens Oversight, there's a chance SONGS will be forced to move that ticking nuclear time bomb to a different, TBD location somewhere far from the ocean. We caught up with San Clemente local Dane Gudauskas to get his thoughts on the matter, and also how important Trestles is to the local community, and so far beyond.
So, it looks like we need to rally to help save Trestles, again. What are your thoughts on the proposed plan to store millions of pounds of nuclear waste so close to the ocean?
It was always gonna be an interesting situation with the nuclear power plant being right there, that close to the ocean. You feel a bit vulnerable. I'm not totally versed on the viable alternative options, but I know it would be way better to move it all to another site away from the ocean and away from so many humans. At this point, I just hope they [Southern California Edison] explore every option, not just the easy option, which is to keep it stored on-site. There is so much at risk having it stored there, not just for every person who lives between San Diego and Los Angeles, but all of that amazing coastline, and, obviously, Trestles. It's a really alarming thought that something very bad could happen if they don't get it out of there.
And it sounds like the containers they're planning to store the waste in are only guaranteed to hold up for 25 years. Sooo, then what?
Exactly, it's just a band-aid fix, and they need to take in the broader scope of everything, and not make the hasty, easy decision. There is so much room for error. Those things could be cracked, an earthquake could hit, it's sitting right near a military base…there is so much that could go wrong, why risk even the tiny chance of a major catastrophe? I know you can't snap your fingers and have it all go away immediately, but there is no way the best decision for the long term is storing it all right there.
I imagine it'd be awfully unsettling living, and surfing, so close to millions of pounds of nuclear waste, even if nothing awful ever happens.
Yeah, and it's not only gonna affect San Clemente if something bad happens. It's a ripple effect, up and down the whole coast and across the Pacific Ocean.
I know this nuclear issue goes well beyond Lowers, but why is it so tough to just preserve the most amazing State Park in coastal Southern California? Do you think we'll have to revisit this in a couple years when the State Parks lease comes up?
You know, I hope not. I know the San Onofre Foundation has been working hard behind the scenes to preserve that stretch of coast for the future generations. It'd be devastating to lose Lowers. But it can happen. Nothing is a guarantee. That's why we really have to work hard to get the word out. The more people that feel inspired and can take ownership in the preservation process, the better chance we have to make sure Trestles never changes, that we can always find the solution to make sure it's preserved, that the ecosystem never changes, and, most importantly, that we never melt away into some awful, nuclear warzone.
If you love watching Ellen DeGeneres surprise her audience members with mind-blowing gifts, then you'll love this. Those in the house for the host's 60th birthday celebration on The Ellen DeGeneres Show received the biggest prize she has ever dolled out: $1 million.
“Everybody in the audience is here for a special reason. All season long, I partnered with Cheerios to encourage people to do ‘One Million Acts of Good' and if you're here in my audience, you helped us reach that goal,” the comedian told the crowd at Friday's episode.
“There's no better way for me to celebrate my birthday than to share it with people like you,” she added.
Recognizing some of these acts of good, DeGeneres gave shoutouts to Kenya and John Hughes, who used their own money to drive a U-Haul 800 miles to deliver aid to Hurricane Harvey victims. She also acknowledged teacher Lori Gaines, who donated a kidney to the mother of one of her students, and Dan McKernan, who quit his job to start a sanctuary for farm animals.
Today I gave my audience the biggest giveaway I've ever done. Ever. Thanks for the birthday present, Cheerios. pic.twitter.com/JvDLTNmsz4 — Ellen DeGeneres (@TheEllenShow) February 2, 2018
So for the one million acts of good achieved, DeGeneres and Cheerios surprised them all with $1 million. As the greatest show-woman that she is, DeGeneres had some fun first.
The host said “a special surprise gift” awaited anyone who had a Cheerios box under his or her seat. As it happened, everyone in the audience had one. “Isn't that interesting? What a coincided,” DeGeneres smiled.
“You're all gonna share this gift,” she added. “It's the biggest gift I have ever given anybody ever, and I hope you continue to pay it forward and share all the good. Hold on to your Cheerios because all of you are splitting $1 million.”
Watch their reaction in the clip above.
SAN DIEGO (KUSI) — Groundbreaking is scheduled Monday for a 2.6-acre neighborhood park in Southcrest.
The park in the economically disadvantaged community will include an amphitheater, basketball court, skate park, and jogging/walking trails with exercise stations.
Called Southcrest Trails Neighborhood Park, the $1.7 million facility will also feature security lighting, children's play areas, benches, picnic areas and shelters, barbecues, landscaping and irrigation, and public artwork, according to Civic San Diego, a city agency assisting with the project.
The property is the last part of 66 acres that had been cleared away in 1972 to build a freeway, but the highway project was abandoned six years later. Most of the land has since been filled in by homes, commercial development and a school.
Civic San Diego expects construction to wrap up early next year.
Dapitan City's Robert Onggocan suffers his second loss as a professional
Published 11:15 PM, August 13, 2017
MANILA, Philippines (UPDATED) – The manager/trainer of boxer Robert Onggocan claims the Filipino fighter was the victim of a dubious verdict in a 10-round decision loss to Mirco Martin on Saturday, August 12 (Sunday, August 13, Manila time) in Saarbrücken, Germany.
No scores were announced in the ring afterwards, only for fans to be informed that the local fighter had been judged the victor of the flyweight fight, said Dino Olivetti.
"In the first two rounds Robert almost knocked him out," said Olivetti of the Biñan, Laguna-based Olivetti Boxing Gym. "In the second round Mirco is knocked down and almost can't stand up but the referee gave him a very long time to rest.
"Then Robert followed it up, the referee stopped the [action] and gave Robert a warning for I don't know what."
The loss was just the second for 21-year-old Dapitan City native Onggocan (9-2, 5 knockouts), who had used his last purse to buy his father a tricycle so he could earn a living. Martin, 25, is now 10-0 (5 KOs).
Video shared by Olivetti, taken by the German husband of a locally-based Filipina, showed about 20 seconds had elapsed between Onggocan scoring a knockdown on a left uppercut. A warning for an unclear foul as Onggocan followed up allowed Martin additional time to recover.
Robert Onggocan drops Mirco Martin in round 2. Martin gets a 20-count to recover. Ref warns Onggocan for phantom infraction to help Martin pic.twitter.com/ADl7WRCffi — Ryan Songalia (@ryansongalia) August 13, 2017
Olivetti said the referee allowed Martin to wrestle without a warning or deduction, and that Onggocan was nearly thrown out of the ring in the late rounds. Onggocan was cut by an accidental headbutt in the sixth round. Full video of the fight has not yet been released.
"When they announced that Mirco is the winner, some in the audience booed and shouted Robert's name," said Olivetti. "And we don't know what the decision is, if it is unanimous, split or what. Only the announcer says, 'In the blue corner, Mirco Martin.' I didn't see the announcer have something to read, he only announced."
No meal allowance
Another point of contention are allegations that the promoter did not provide the team a meal allowance, a standard courtesy for fighters coming in from out of town, and that they were not given a guide to help them find their way around the area.
"I asked for my meal allowance, they asked, 'What is meal allowance?'" said Olivetti.
"So [the promoter] asked me to go to a convenience store but said what you can only buy to eat is bread and drinks. For me it's no problem; my concern is my boxer.
"Then he gave us 20€. I don't have any idea what can I buy for 20€."
Olivetti said bananas and an alternative to Gatorade cost 6.50€, and he did not have enough left for the 17.50€ bill at a nearby Italian restaurant for a meal with rice.
"I told to the waitress that I'll come back, I lied that I have to buy also a drink. The waitress told me, 'You come back in 15 minutes,' but the truth is I need to go back to the hotel to message the promoter to borrow 5€. My feelings were hurt when he answered my message that we are [also in the restaurant]. When I saw them eating I wanted to scream," said Olivetti.
A message to the promoter, Michael Siegel of Baden Box Promotions, was not immediately returned. Dominik Junge, who is listed on Boxrec as Martin's promoter, denied the claims about the food allowance, claiming in an email that the crowd booed due to Onggocan's tactics, which he called "dirty."
"Boxing is more [than] only stupid punching," said Junge. "[It's] ring dominance, controlling, moving, defense.
"The three first points are clearly on the side of Mirco Martin."
Onggocan was unaware of what occurred prior to the fight. His concern was what happened during and afterwards.
"[Robert] told me he was sorry, but I said there was nothing to say sorry about because I know and everyone who knows boxing knows Robert won the fight."
Onggocan and Olivetti were set to return from Frankfurt, Germany to the Philippines on Sunday. – Rappler.com
April 30 A union representing 1,200 U.S. air maintenance workers at United Parcel Service Inc turned up pressure on the company on Sunday to settle a three-year contract dispute, saying it would seek clearance to strike.
The union is taking its grievances directly to UPS shareholders, running as an advertisement an open letter to David Abney, the company's chief executive officer, ahead of a Thursday shareholders meeting.
The letter, which has been delivered to board members, was signed by nearly 78 percent of members of Local 2727 of the Teamsters union, asking the company to maintain air mechanics' current health plan and not demand other concessions.
“We're not willing to back off of this and we will strike over it,” said Tim Boyle, the local president.
Union members will also protest at the UPS shareholders' meeting on Thursday in Wilmington, Delaware. That will include both protests outside the meeting and, for union members who are also shareholders, questions to company officials inside.
The local plans additional protests on Tuesday in Atlanta, where the company is headquartered.
The union already voted in November to strike, but saw that request denied by federal authorities. The air maintenance workers are governed by the U.S. Railway Labor Act, which only allows strikes after it finds negotiations and mediation have failed.
But if the company does not agree to keep members' health plans intact at the next bargaining session, on May 11 and May 12, Boyle said the union would ask again for permission to strike.
“If the company doesn't back off we'll submit another request to the mediator to be released” to strike, Boyle said.
Even if the board grants permission, though, a strike would take at least another 30 days because of other procedural hurdles.
A strike could ground the package delivery company's airplanes and disrupt packages sent by air, even as UPS and its rivals grapple with higher costs for surging e-commerce business.
(Reporting by Luciana Lopez in New York; Editing by Lisa Shumaker)
High level Hollywood executive Adam Venit has denied allegations made by Terry Crews, claiming the executive groped the Brooklyn-Nine-Nine actor.
According to legal documents obtained by PEOPLE, Venit has issued a general denial to “each and every allegation” made by Crews in a lawsuit the actor filed against him in December.
In the documents, which were filed Tuesday, Venit denied that Crews had “sustained any injury or loss” and also claimed that his alleged actions and conduct had not been “sexual.”
In October, amid mounting allegations against film producer Harvey Weinstein, Crews claimed that in 2016 a “high level Hollywood executive” had “groped my privates” at a party.
Crews said he spent the rest of the evening and the next day speaking to “everyone I knew that worked with” the executive about what happened.
Brian To/FilmMagic; Paula Lobo/ABC via Getty Image
However, the actor tweeted that he “decided not 2 takes it further becuz I didn't want 2b ostracized— par 4 the course when the predator has power n influence. I let it go. And I understand why many women who this happens to let it go,” he said at the time.
Terry Crews opens up about his experience with sexual assault and harassment in Hollywood. This is why telling these stories is important. pic.twitter.com/Dv2UCwUDLD — Katie Barnes (@katie_barnes3) October 10, 2017
Following his decision to file a report with the Los Angeles Police Department in November, Crews named his alleged assailant as Venit — who had reportedly gone on leave from William Morris Entertainment earlier that month — during a sit-down interview with Michael Strahan on Good Morning America. WME confirmed to ABC News that the agent “has been suspended following the internal investigation into the matter.”
“I will not be shamed. I did nothing wrong, nothing,” Crews said.
Amanda Edwards/Getty
According to The Hollywood Reporter, WME confirmed that Venit had returned to work after serving a one-month unpaid suspension following Crews' allegations against him.
“SOMEONE GOT A PASS,” Crews wrote on Twitter in response to THR's report.
A free residential wiring class will be offered at the local Holmes Community College center this month.
HCC will be hosting a Residential Wiring Class at the Yazoo Education Center, beginning on July 17 and will be held on Tuesdays and Thursdays from 5:30-7:30 p.m. for eight-10 weeks.
There is no charge for the course, but there are limited seats, so interested persons should register early. There are no requirements or prerequisites required to take this course.
The Residential Wiring Class provides skills related to the wiring of single-family buildings. This course includes instruction and practice in service entrance installation, branch circuits and National Electrical Code (NEC) standards for residential buildings. The course will also cover the skills related to the wiring of multifamily and small commercial buildings.
Students will get both instruction and practice in service entrance installation, specialized circuits and the use of commercial raceways. At the conclusion of the course, students will receive a certificate.
To register, potential students can visit the Yazoo Educational Center, located on 637 East 15th Street in Yazoo City, or call 746-1273.
'BLAD RINSER 20|20-49' Listen To This Man Struggle To Describe 'Blade Runner 2049' And Be In Awe
Yehya here actually knows a lot about entertainment. He just can't spit it out.
SPECIAL SCHOOL BUS: Liam, Eddie, Ellie-May, Natayleah, Dallas and Hannah have a new school bus thanks to generous donations from various community groups. Representatives from the Masonic Hand Heart Pocket Charity, Quota, Lions Moore Park, The Spotted Dog Tavern and St Johns Grace Fund were there to celebrate the new vehicle.
SPECIAL SCHOOL BUS: Liam, Eddie, Ellie-May, Natayleah, Dallas and Hannah have a new school bus thanks to generous donations from various community groups. Representatives from the Masonic Hand Heart Pocket Charity, Quota, Lions Moore Park, The Spotted Dog Tavern and St Johns Grace Fund were there to celebrate the new vehicle. Mike Knott BUN250118BUS1
I have worked with the NewsMail since January 2012. I report in the Family Life section of the paper, which I love as I have two school aged kids. I grew up in Byron Bay before moving to Hervey Bay where I lived for 10 years, after that my family and I travelled around Australia then we finally settled in Bundaberg in 2011. I enjoy meeting new people and hearing about all walks of life.
NO ONE is being left behind at Bundaberg Special School now that its new bus has arrived.
The NewsMail joined forces with the school in August to help raise $76,000 by the end of last year to make sure all students were able to be included on excursions and for activities.
The school had to sell its previous bus as it was too old to be insured.
The Help Make Sure No One Gets Left Behind hit the paper and the donations started to flow.
With a grant of $35,000 from the Gambling Community Benefit Fund, only $39,000 needed to be raised.
Now, after a few months of fundraising and an avalanche of support from the community, the bus has hit the road.
Bundaberg Special School business manager Lynda Cremer said the inclusiveness was already being felt by the students.
Ms Cremer said, with 21 students in wheelchairs the bus will be well used.
"On Monday we went to see a sensory movie with the students without having to take students in taxis,” she said.
"This has made the world of difference to us.”
She thanked the tireless efforts of the school's P&C and Bundaberg residents for their support.
The school is now planning to start fundraising for a second school bus, with hopes to have it secured in the same time frame.
A group of young men in Gulfport spent their Saturday morning talking about some tough topics.
Desirae Duncan has the story of how a mentoring program is aiming to teach life skills
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.
While a majority of Canadians say they don't care about a politician being a visible minority when voting for the country's leader, a new Angus Reid poll suggests about three-in-ten voters also say being a practising Sikh might hurt new NDP leader Jagmeet Singh's chances in an election.
The study looked to gauge how Canadians feel when it comes to voting for the new federal NDP leader based on his religion and visible characteristics as a Sikh man.
Singh won the federal New Democratic Party leadership in September, becoming the first visible minority to lead a major Canadian political party. He won without holding a seat in the House.
On voting for a visibly looking Sikh man
Of about 1,400 people surveyed, seven-in-ten Canadians out of B.C., Alberta and Ontario responded to the poll saying they themselves would consider voting for a national party leader who wears a turban and carries a kirpan.
Respondants out of Quebec showed the greatest hesitancy in voting for a Sikh man, with about half saying they wouldn't vote for such a person, regardless of their policies.
READ MORE: Jagmeet Singh chosen as new leader of federal NDP
READ MORE: MP Nathan Cullen endorses Singh in NDP bid
Broken down by age, almost 40 per cent of those aged 55 and older said they couldn't support such a leadership, as well as 40 per cent of Conservative Party supporters.
The survey also touched on perceptions Canadians as a whole feel towards a Sikh prime minister.
Asked to think about how their close friends and family members would vote, half said either “most” or “some” of the people in their lives wouldn't favour a visible minority leader. When asked about “society as a whole,” respondents said they suspect 80 per cent would not show their support in the voting booth.
On if religion will get in the way for voters
Visible aspects aside, when asked if Singh's religion will hurt the NDP's electoral chances, 54 per cent of respondents said it would.
The pushback was found to be strongest in Quebec, where debates over public officials wearing religious symbols and accommodating religious minorities are part of both recent history and an ongoing political process.
Two-thirds of that province agree with the statement about Singh's religion hurting his party's electoral standing. Atlantic Canada is the only other region where more than 50 per cent agree.
* Gold set for best quarter since Q1 2016 * Dollar on track for best week this year * Gold to average $1,259 an ounce this year-GFMS * Palladium up 17.7 percent this quarter * GRAPHIC-2017 asset returns: tmsnrt.rs/2jvdmXl (Updates prices, adds U.S. inflation data, comment) By Peter Hobson March 31 Gold was on track for a 8.2 percent quarterly rise on Friday, its best quarter in a year, as uncertainty over U.S. President Donald Trump's tax and investment plans and a series of elections in Europe fuelled demand for bullion as a safe haven. Spot gold was up 0.2 percent at $1,245.56 an ounce at 1429 GMT. U.S. gold futures were 0.1 percent higher at $1,246 an ounce. Though well ahead on a quarterly basis, gold fell 0.7 percent on Thursday, its biggest one-day drop in more than three weeks, after a failure to break resistance at its 200-day moving average triggered technical selling. It was on track to end the week up 0.2 percent. "In the short term, factors including a strengthening dollar could pull prices down to around $1,230 an ounce," said Yuichi Ikemizu, head of commodity trading at Standard Bank in Tokyo. The dollar was on course for its best week this year, helped by better than expected U.S. economic growth data. Data showing the largest annual increase in U.S. inflation in nearly five years and comments by the president of the New York Federal Reserve meanwhile reinforced expectations of U.S. interest rate hikes this year. A stronger dollar makes bullion more expensive for holders of other currencies, while higher interest rates lead to higher bond yields and dampen demand for non-yielding gold. But gold is underpinned in the coming months by doubts over Trump's ability to enact tax cuts and investment spending and an uncertain political outlook in Europe. "The fear trade has driven the market so far this year," said David Govett at Marex Spectron. The buying as a haven from risk, plus a recovery in Indian buying, are likely to push prices to an average $1,259 an ounce this year, GFMS analysts at Thomson Reuters said in their Gold Survey 2017, published on Friday. A failure by Trump to make progress on his stimulus plans would reduce the chances of a rise in U.S. interest rates in June, Tom Kendall at ICBC Standard Bank said in a note. "That in turn would likely give gold the impetus to break up through $1,300 again," he said. In other precious metals, spot silver was up 0.5 percent at $18.18 an ounce, taking its gains this quarter to 14.1 percent. Platinum was 0.4 percent higher at $946.50 an ounce and is up 5.2 percent this year. Palladium was up 0.4 percent at $797.22 an ounce. The metal used in catalytic converters that curb pollution from vehicle exhausts has risen 17.7 percent this quarter. (Additional reporting by Arpan Varghese in Bengaluru; Editing by Keith Weir, Greg Mahlich)
Old Frank is back! this time, Frank has a hankerin' for a good ole fashioned meal. That's why he calls a diner to see if one of the waitresses can tell him some things about the menu, and things get WEIRD!
On Tuesday, a well-known Russian dissident reporter named Arkady Babchenko​ was reportedly shot and killed in his apartment building in Kiev. The Ukrainian capital's police chief said that Babchenko had apparently been targeted for "his professional activities."
Babchenko's wife found him bleeding at their apartment building in Kiev and called an ambulance, but he died on the way to a hospital, according to authorities...
[Ukrainian lawmaker Anton] Gerashchenko said Babchenko's killer was waiting for him on the staircase inside the journalist's building and shot him in the back as he was going out to buy bread.
[NBC News]
This wouldn't be the first time a prominent critic of Russian president Vladimir Putin has been assassinated for their political views. Another Russian journalist named Pavel Sheremet was killed in a car bombing in Kiev in 2016. Investigative journalist Anna Politskovaya was fatally shot and in the elevator of her apartment building in Moscow on Putin's birthday in 2006. Those are just two of the most famous Russian journalists killed under mysterious circumstances since Putin came to power in 2000 — the full list is much longer.
But it turns out Babchenko isn't on that list. On Wednesday afternoon, a very much alive Babchenko appeared at a news conference in which the Ukrainian Security Service explained that they faked his death to try to foil an assassination plot against him. It was quite a scene:
More footage of Arkady Babchenko shocking reporters by showing up alive pic.twitter.com/NSjGBQUvXv — David Mack (@davidmackau) May 30, 2018
The security service said it had planned the faked murder for two months in the hopes of collecting dirt on terrorist activity by Russian operatives in Ukraine. Gerashchenko, the Ukrainian lawmaker, justifying the faked death by writing in a Facebook post, "Arthur Conan Doyle's hero Sherlock Holmes successfully used the method of staging his own death to effectively investigate difficult & complicated crimes."
At the news conference, Babchenko apologized to his wife, who was not in on the secret operation to fake his death.
During the news conference Wednesday, Babchenko apologized to his wife and all those who believed he had been killed — but said the secrecy had been unavoidable.
"I would like to apologize for what you all had to go through... because I've buried friends and colleagues many times, and I know it's a sickening-vomiting feeling when you have to bury your colleagues," he said. "Also I would like to apologize to my wife for the hell she went through in those two days. Olechka, I'm sorry, but there were no options here either."
[CNN]
Someone's sleeping in the guest bedroom tonight!
U.S. Speaker of the House of Representatives Paul Ryan arrives in Downing Street to meet Britain's Chancellor of the Exchequer Phillip Hammond, in central London, Britain April 19, 2017. REUTERS/Stefan Wermuth
LONDON The United States must keep military options on the table when dealing with North Korea, but it does not want to use them unless it has to, U.S. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan said during a visit to Britain on Wednesday.
U.S. President Donald Trump has taken a hard line with North Korean leader Kim Jong-un, who has rebuffed admonitions from China and proceeded with nuclear and missile programmes seen by Washington and others as a direct threat.
"Allowing this dictator to have that kind of power is not something that civilised nations can allow happening ... of course we don't want to have military options employed, but we must keep all options on the table," he said when asked if the U.S. administration would be willing to drop bombs on North Korea.
Ryan said he was encouraged by the results of efforts to work with China to reduce tensions, but that it was unacceptable North Korea might be able to strike allies with nuclear weapons.
In a wide ranging question and answer session at an event organised by the policy Exchange think tank, Ryan also said he wanted to "ratchet up" sanctions on Iran but believed a nuclear deal struck in 2015, and previously criticised by Trump, would remain in place.
"There are lots of things that Iran is doing outside of this deal: proliferation of terrorism, weapons, violating missile tests - those things we should apply sanctions to," he said.
The Trump administration said on Tuesday it was launching an inter-agency review of whether the lifting of sanctions against Iran was in the United States' national security interests, while acknowledging that Tehran was complying with a deal to rein in its nuclear programme.
Ryan was visiting Britain with a cross-party delegation of lawmakers as part of a trip to reassure European allies of U.S. commitment to the NATO military alliance.
He used his remarks to call on countries to meet the alliance's minimum defence spending requirement, and also singled out the international threat posed by Russia.
"Russia is determined to exploit weakness and opportunity wherever it may surface," he said, citing Moscow's involvement in supporting Syrian President Bashar al-Assad.
"As they expand, and seek to expand their sphere of influence, they are continuing to challenge the sovereignty of all our allies in eastern and central Europe."
He repeated U.S. concerns, denied by Moscow, that Russia had interfered in its 2016 election and said Russia was currently interfering in elections in Europe. He gave no further details.
"We've learned a thing or two about their tactics in America and we commit to sharing those lessons learned with our allies so that you can be better prepared," he said.
(Reporting by William James; Editing by Alison Williams)
GREENVILLE — Shoppers visiting downtown Greenville may see a loosening of parking regulations during this year's Annie Oakley Days festival.
At Greenville City Council's Tuesday night meeting, the Safety Committee recommended enactment of a parking moratorium in the downtown during Annie Oakley Days, July 26 to 29.
During last year's event, a number of people expressed unhappiness after being ticketed for exceeding the posted 90-minute limit for parking on South Broadway Street. Twenty citations were issued last year, at $10 each. A Greenville Police Department spokesperson stated its officers do not monitor parking unless a business owner calls to file a complaint.
Legislation for the moratorium will be prepared for council's July 17 meeting, where it will have to be passed with an emergency clause in order to be enacted in time for Annie Oakley Days.
In other matters, council heard a proposal from Greenville City Schools regarding the city's plans to establish Downtown Redevelopment Districts, or DRDs, which will serve to raise property values in historic areas of the city.
Safety/Service Director Curt Garrison told council Greenville City Schools had offered the city a proposal to split the DRD at 75 percent for the school board and 25 percent for the city for years 11 through 30 for a 30-year period. Previously, the city had proposed a 50-50 split in DRD revenue if the school agreed to a 30-year term.
“Let's not forget the DRD only captures 70 percent of the property tax,” Garrison said. “The other 30 percent is divided with its normal percentages to the other taxing entities, like the school board, like a joint vocational school or CTC, a mental health levy — those particular levies would receive their portion of the remaining 30 percent.”
As an example, Garrison said when the school board's portion of the 75 percent and their portion of the 30 percent is added up, the school's tax on a possible million-dollar investment goes up to $13,142.95, which exceeds the amount of money they would have normally received if there was no DRD.
In light of the school's proposal, Garrison recommended council enact a DRD for a 10-year period versus a 30-year term, noting it could be extended later if the city desired.
“The unfortunate part is, with their decision, they wouldn't get their 50 percent, which was offered at the beginning,” he said.
Councilman Leon Rogers said, “I feel 1 through 10 is sufficient.”
“30 years just seems like too long,” Councilwoman Dorie Howdieshell said.
By consensus, council agreed with Garrison's recommendation and will review legislation to that effect at a future meeting.
Greenville City Council meets the first and third Tuesdays of each month at 7:30 p.m. Meetings can be viewed live on The City of Greenville YouTube channel. The meetings are open to the public and citizens are encouraged to attend.
Greenville City Council will consider a moratorium on downtown parking regulations for this year's Annie Oakley Days, following a recommendation by the Safety Committee. Twenty motorists were ticketed for exceeding the 90-minute time limit last year. https://www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/07/web1_Parking.jpg Greenville City Council will consider a moratorium on downtown parking regulations for this year's Annie Oakley Days, following a recommendation by the Safety Committee. Twenty motorists were ticketed for exceeding the 90-minute time limit last year. Tony Baker | The Daily Advocate
By Erik Martin emartin@dailyadvocate.com
The writer may be reached at 937-569-4314. Join the conversation and get updates on Facebook search Darke County Sports or Advocate 360. For more features online go to dailyadvocate.com
The writer may be reached at 937-569-4314. Join the conversation and get updates on Facebook search Darke County Sports or Advocate 360. For more features online go to dailyadvocate.com
Constancio and Crisenta Petalco 'could have been suspected of being the ones to have reported to the authorities the presence of the members of the Abu Sayyaf,' says the military spokesman
MANILA, Philippines – The bodies of elderly couple Constancio and Crisenta Petalco were among those recovered at the encounter site in Inabanga, Bohol, last week, but the military said it was possible they were killed by the Abu Sayyaf.
The Petalcos' nephew was among the Abu Sayyaf members who sailed there from Sulu, the military confirmed on Monday, April 17. The bandits stayed in their house.
"There is a possibility that the Abu Sayyaf themselves killed them. They could have been suspected of being the ones to have reported to the authorities the presence of the members of the Abu Sayyaf. We do not want to speculate," said Armed Forces of the Philippines Public Affairs Office chief Colonel Edgard Arevalo.
The police is investigating why the couple did not evacuate along with their neighbors, and whether they coddled the bandits or were taken as hostages.
Relatives of the Petalcos told ABS-CBN News that the elderly couple were not able to evacuate because "they were slow to move and old."
But the military in Bohol suspects that they were willing accomplices because one of the Abu Sayyaf members – Joselito Melloria – is their nephew.
"The Petalco couple are residents of said place and the owner of the house where the Abu Sayyaf Group positioned during the time of encounter," said Captain Jojo Mascariñas, Civil Military Operations chief of the Army 302nd Brigade.
"Accordingly, Crisenta was a relative of Joselito Melloria, who is believed to be the one who guided the other ASG members to the said place."
Mascariñas added that they appeared to have welcomed the local terrorists from Sulu into their home and showed no signs that they were taken as hostages.
Arevalo said they were surprised by reports that civilians were caught in the crossfire because the military launched "surgical operations" after they were assured by local officials that the residents had evacuated.
"If this indeed happened, it is the subject of the ongoing investigation. Investigations are being conducted by the Philippine National Police to ascertain the reason why the couple or the people mentioned stayed at the encounter site," Arevalo said.
The military foiled the planned Abu Sayyaf attack in Bohol and killed notorious Abu Sayyaf leader Muamar Askali or Abu Rami, who brought his men to Bohol to take advantage of the influx of tourists during Holy Week.
Local residents reported their presence in Inabanga, which prompted quick response from authorities. (READ: Bad or good intel: 5 questions on the Abu Sayyaf presence in Bohol)
Three soldiers and a cop were also killed in the clashes in Bohol. – Rappler.com
March 31 Atenor SA:
* Confirms closing of sale of Vaci Greens B building in Budapest to OTP Prime Ingatlanbefektetesi Alap and collection of full sale price 63.75 million euros ($68.2 million)
* Announces signing of rental contract with reputed international group concerning about 5,000 m² in Vaci Greens B building, which will have positive impact on 2017 result
* Vaci Greens D building will be delivered in Jan 2018 and is already 20 percent pre-leased by reputed international group Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9352 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
São Paulo, March 31 Odebrecht Óleo & Gás SA, the offshore oil drilling firm owned by Brazil's Odebrecht SA , said on Friday that it will make on April 7 an interest bond payment and that a relevant group of bondholders agreed to provide the Brazilian firm with temporary cash flow relief.
The interest payment on the company's 6.75 percent global note due in October 2022 was due on March 1. Odebrecht Óleo & Gas, which is commonly known as OOG, was making use of a so-called 30-day cure period that expired later in the day to settle the payment.
Reuters reported that the company had authorized the bond's trustee to make the payment earlier on Friday. (Reporting by Guillermo Parra-Bernal; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
Galway Bay fm newsroom – No Galway TDs have been promoted in the latest Government Cabinet reshuffle by newly elected Taoiseach, Leo Varadkar.
However, Galway still has representation at the Cabinet table.
Galway-Roscommon Independent TD Denis Naughten has retained his portfolio as Minister for Communications, Climate Action and Environment.
Mayo Fine Gael TD Michael Ring joins the Cabinet in his role as Minister for Community and Rural Affairs.
The junior ministries will be reviewed next week, when Galway West- South Mayo Fine Gael TD Seán Kyne will find out if he gets to stay on as Minister of State for the Gaeltacht and Galway East Independent Alliance TD, Seán Canney as Minister of State on a shared portfolio at the Office of Public Works.
Former jobs minister Mary Mitchell O'Connor was the only person to be demoted – to a ‘super junior' role.
People Before Profit TD Bríd Smith says that raises serious concerns about the new administration.
(Adds further details on lawsuit, comment from UnitedHealth)
By Nate Raymond
May 2 The U.S. Justice Department has accused UnitedHealth Group Inc of obtaining inflated payments from the government based on inaccurate information about the health status of patients enrolled in its largest Medicare Advantage Plan.
The complaint, filed in federal court in Los Angeles on Monday, came after the Justice Department earlier this year intervened in two separate whistleblower lawsuits against the country's largest health insurer.
"This action sends a warning that our office will continue to scrutinize and hold accountable Medicare Advantage insurers to safeguard the integrity of the Medicare program," Acting U.S. Attorney Sandra Brown in Los Angeles said in a statement.
Matthew Burns, a UnitedHealth spokesman, said the company complied with relevant rules and was transparent "about how we interpreted the government's murky policies."
"We reject these claims and will contest them vigorously," he said in a statement.
UnitedHealth's stock was trading down 0.58 percent at $173.57 on the New York Stock Exchange following the Justice Department's announcement of the case.
Medicare Advantage, an alternative to the standard fee-for-service Medicare in which private insurers manage health benefits, is the fastest growing form of government healthcare, with enrollment of 18 million people last year.
UnitedHealth is the country's largest Medicare Advantage organization, receiving billions of dollars from the U.S. Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services to provide healthcare to people enrolled in its plans, the lawsuit said.
The lawsuit said that since at least 2005, UnitedHealth knew many of the diagnosis codes it submitted to the Medicare program for increased payments based on "risk" factors like patient health status were not supported by patients' medical records.
But the company turned a blind eye and funded and encouraged one-sided chart reviews of patients of HealthCare Partners, which provided services to UnitedHealth beneficiaries in California.
As a result, UnitedHealth was able to wrongfully retain risk adjustment payments it received from the government, the lawsuit said.
The complaint was filed after the Justice Department partially intervened in a whistleblower lawsuit brought by James Swoben, a former employee of Senior Care Action Network Health Plan and a consultant to the risk adjustment industry.
The Justice Department said it planned to file a second complaint by May 16 against UnitedHealth after intervening in another whistleblower lawsuit.
Both cases were filed under the False Claims Act, which allows whistleblowers to sue on the government's behalf to recover taxpayer money paid out based on fraudulent claims. If successful, whistleblowers receive a percentage of the recovery.
The case is U.S. ex rel Swoben v. Secure Horizons et al, U.S. District Court, Central District of California, No. 09-cv-05013. (Reporting by Nate Raymond in Boston; Editing by Andrew Hay)
A rock band left a bad taste in many mouths during Sunday's Punk Rock Bowling & Music Festival in Las Vegas.
NOFX made an insensitive joke about the Oct. 1 Vegas shooting that killed 58 people and injured 489 on stage when frontman Fat Mike told the crowd, “We played a song about Muslims and we didn't get shot. Hooray.”
In videos shared on social media, another band member also said, “I guess you only get shot in Vegas if you are in a country band.”
Soon after, another musician in NOFX proclaimed, “That [massacre] sucked, but at least they were country fans and no punk rock fans,” followed by the comment: “You were all thinking it.”
NOFX, which consists of El Hefe, Eric Melvin, Erik Sandin, Dave Casillas, Steve Kidwiller, Scott Sellers, Scott Aldahl and Dave Allen, received several disgruntled reactions including many boos.
NOFX thought it would be "hilarious" to joke about the October 1 shootings while on stage in Las Vegas. They said "at least they were country fans and not punk rock fans". This is disgusting and callous. We will never support anything involving this band ever again. pic.twitter.com/am3R8QJIE6 — Dave and Mahoney (@DaveAndMahoney) May 30, 2018
Want to keep up on the latest from PEOPLE? Sign up for our daily newsletter to get our best stories of the day delivered straight to your inbox.
Erik Sandin, Fat Mike, El Hefe and Eric Melvin of NOFX Daniel Knighton/Getty
On Wednesday, Punk Rock Bowling and Music Festival's founders Mark and Shawn Stern released a statement on social media, apologizing for NOFX's on-stage remarks.
“In light of NOFX's comments during their performance at the Punk Rock Bowling and Music Festival, we would like to offer a formal apology to those in attendance, the City of Las Vegas, the victims and the families of 10/1,” the statement read.
“Las Vegas is home to the Punk Rock Bowling & Music Festival, and we do not condone the statements made from our stage on Sunday night. We take the safety of our festival goers seriously and want to relay that, there is nothing funny about people being shot and murdered, ever, ” the Sterns concluded their statement.
RELATED: Heroic Spouses, Beloved Teachers, Devoted Parents: Remembering the Victims of the Las Vegas Massacre
RELATED: Hundreds of Gun Violence Survivors Pen Open Letter Urging Elected Officials to Take Action
Local Vegas radio deejays Dave Farra and Jason Mahoney, who have played NOFX's music on air, called the band's comments “disgusting and callous” along with video of the incident. “We will never support anything involving this band ever again,” they added.
Country star Jason Aldean was performing at the outdoor Route 91 Harvest Festival shooting on Oct. 1 when a series of loud bangs rang out from the 32nd floor of the nearby Mandalay Bay hotel. Stephen Paddock, a 64-year-old gambler and real estate businessman who lived in the area, had broken out the window of his hotel room and fired bullets from high-powered weapons into the crowd of 22,000 concertgoers.
The tragic massacre remains the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history.
Khloé Kardashian and Tristan Thompson are house hunting.
The 33-year-old reality TV star and her basketball player boyfriend, 26, are reportedly expecting their first child together and the pair are looking for a place to raise the baby.
A source told PEOPLE: "Khloé is looking for a home with Tristan Thompson, and she's thrilled they've taken this next step together. The whole family is being super supportive of each other."
This will be Khloe's first baby but Tristan welcomed son Prince Oliver Thompson, in December 2016 with his ex-girlfriend Jordan Craig.
Khloe's sister Kylie Jenner is also expecting her first baby with boyfriend Travis Scott and she and Khloe are planning their nurseries together, along with their family, including sister Kim Kardashian West - who will welcome a third child with her husband Kanye West via surrogate.
The source said: "Khloé and Kylie are both starting to plan out their nurseries, and Kim and Kourtney are also involved in the process. All the sisters are super excited, and Kris has been helping as well."
Meanwhile, Kylie, 20, is reportedly planning to maintain a low profile throughout her pregnancy.
The insider added: "Kylie still wants to keep a low profile and prefers to stay home at the moment. Even though this is a very exciting time for her, she wants to be more private for now, and is doing her best to stay out of the public eye.
"She feels good, but her body is changing. She doesn't want to be photographed. At the moment, she wants more privacy. She has family and friends come to her house instead so she has company. She is very excited about the baby though. She talks about the baby nonstop. She is already shopping like crazy."
Jakarta — Several surveys published last year on the 2019 presidential election put incumbent President Joko “Jokowi” Widodo in the lead against retired Army general Prabowo Subianto, his main opponent. However, the die has yet to be cast as Prabowo continues to forge strong political connections ahead of next year's regional elections.
As of today, at least six major pollsters – Saiful Mujani Research and Consulting (SMRC), Poltracking, the Populi Center, Polmark, Indikator Indonesia and Indobaremeter – have put Jokowi in the lead ahead of other potential contenders in 2019, including Prabowo. In the 2014 presidential election, Jokowi and running mate Jusuf Kalla secured 53.15 percent of the vote, compared with 46.85 percent by Prabowo and Hatta Rajasa, their closest contenders.
However, the political landscape has changed since 2014, with the Golkar Party shifting support from Prabowo to the incumbent. The United Development Party (PPP) has also shifted its allegiance from Prabowo to Jokowi since the last election.
2014 Election Result
2018 Political Timetable
In June, Indonesia will hold simultaneous regional elections in 171 districts across 17 provinces and 39 cities. Then, a month later, the General Elections Commission (KPU) will finalize registrations for House of Representatives (DPR) and Provincial Legislative Council (DPRD) candidates.
The most eagerly awaited events on the timetable will happen in August, when political parties register their presidential and vice-presidential nominees with the KPU and in September when the commission will announce the nominees that make the cut for the 2019 presidential election.
Analysts say the increasing prevalence of identity politics, which heavily colored the Jakarta gubernatorial election last year, may point to more political turbulence on the horizon, threatening the future of democracy and pluralism in the world's fourth most populous country.
Increasing intolerance and politicization of religion in Indonesia are often blamed on so-called hate spin, which many fear will play a key role in the 2019 presidential election. Another political trend analysts have been warning against is rising populism. Indonesia is not alone in this, recent elections in the United States and France suggested the same trend is happening worldwide.
Why Is Jokowi Popular?
Current public opinion in Indonesia is still heavily skewed toward the incumbent, President Jokowi. SMRC survey results for example, suggest an easy win for Jokowi in 2019, with his main political backer, the Indonesian Democratic Party of Struggle (PDI-P) expected to sweep the votes in the general election in the same year.
The SMRC survey also revealed an interesting tidbit: 67 percent of respondents were in favor of a Jokowi-Prabowo pairing in the presidential election, with Jokowi as the presidential nominee and Prabowo as his running mate. Public support for Jokowi, according to the poll, continued to increase between May and December last year.
During the same time, support for Prabowo's support had declined. The SMRC survey suggested that Jokowi's popularity with voters was due to public satisfaction with his leadership and performance, and also a perceived economic improvement under his presidency.
More than 70 percent of respondents said they were satisfied with Jokowi's performance as president. A similar number said the president had shown great leadership since he took office in 2014. Around 40 percent of respondents said they had seen real economic improvement since last year, and 50 percent said they were expecting even more improvement next year.
Prabowo Playing Catch-Up
The Prabowo camp has said they want to strengthen alliances with their political supporters to catch up with Jokowi, at least in the polls. Arief Poyuono, deputy chairman of Prabowo's Great Indonesia Movement Party (Gerindra), said it has forged a solid coalition with the Prosperous Justice Party (PKS) and National Mandate Party (PAN) for the 2019 presidential election.
“This relationship will continue. We will contest the 2019 presidential election together,” Arief told Suara Pembaruan on Thursday (04/01). With the same coalition having won last year's Jakarta gubernatorial election, the three parties are reportedly now targeting more victories in West Java, North Sumatra, Central Java, East Kalimantan and North Maluku.
PKS chairman Mohamad Sohibul Iman confirmed that the party will remain in the coalition with Gerindra and PAN, at least until the 2019 election. “We won the Jakarta election. Hopefully we can win more regional elections and then, God willing, the 2019 [presidential] election,” he said on Friday. “The 2018 regional elections are a stepping stone for the 2019 election,” he added.
The PDI-P, which won most of the votes in the 2014 legislative election, has not come up with its own clear coalition to try to win this year's regional elections.
Is the Economy Really Improving?
Berly Martawardaya, program director of think tank, the Institute for Development of Economics and Finance (Indef), said Jokowi's ambitious infrastructure development programs, while aiming for long-term sustainability, may backfire and hurt his popularity if he starts to forgo short-term economic programs, which have more short-term benefits that are more immediately tangible to the public.
He noted that last year's economic growth may end up lower than the government's official target in the 2017 state budget. “It looks like [economic] growth will not reach this year's target of 5.1 percent,” Berly said at the 2017 Political Record and 2018 Political Outlook seminar in Jakarta on Dec. 29. According to the Finance Ministry's unaudited economic performance report, Indonesia's economic growth may have topped out at 5.05 percent in 2017, below the original target of 5.2 percent.
Berly pointed out that Indonesia's neighbors in the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (Asean) posted much higher economic growth this year, including the Philippines (6.7 percent) and Vietnam (6.81 percent). “This is a real challenge for Jokowi next year. If the government cannot reach an economic growth of at least 5.3 percent in 2018, it is going to be difficult for him to be re-elected in 2019 since his initial target was even higher, at 7 percent. [People will see that] there's been no real progress since 2014,” Berly said.
The government has set an official growth target of 5.4 percent in the 2018 state budget. Berly suggested that the lower-than-expected growth in 2017 was mainly due to the president's ambitious infrastructure projects.
Jokowi Cannot Rest on His Laurels
Reni Suwarso, director of the Center for Election and Political Party at the University of Indonesia, said the issue of a supposedly “failing economy” under Jokowi can come back to haunt the president, who ran a successful furniture business in Solo, Central Java, before he became a politician.
Reni said Jokowi's political opponents may continue to “deep fry” the issue until the election next year to undermine him. She suggested that Jokowi forgets the polls and concentrates on showing the public that the economy is improving, if he wants to be re-elected.
“Survey results don't guarantee anything. [What Jokowi has to do is] make people feel they're better off economically; that they've now got more security in their lives. Then he will win,” Reni told the Jakarta Globe. Reni said the president may also have to deal with covert opposition from dejected members of the old political elite and businessmen from the New Order era who feel left out in the cold under his administration.
There is also a chance that a new name will emerge from the left field in the presidential election, similar to when retired Army general Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono defeated Megawati Sukarnoputri, leader of the PDI-P – the biggest party in Indonesia – in the 2004 presidential election.
Or indeed, when Jokowi himself rose through the political ranks seemingly at lightning speed earlier this decade, becoming Jakarta governor in 2012 and then elected president in 2014, defeating former military strongman Prabowo – who comes from one of Indonesia's elite political families – in a closely fought contest. “In previous presidential elections, we've seen unpredictable new names arise and win… We can very well see this happen again next year,” Reni said.
Swing Voters Win Elections
SMRC executive director Djayadi Hanan meanwhile said Indonesia has a significant number of swing voters who may hold the key in determining election outcomes. The results of the 2014 legislative election revealed that more than 38 percent of all eligible voters in Indonesia can be classified as swing voters.
In SMRC surveys, 43.1 percent of respondents failed to indicate support for any political party when prompted with an open-ended question, and almost 20 percent did not indicate support when given a list of political parties. The respondents gave similar answers when quizzed about presidential candidates.
“Indonesian voters tend to move from one [political] party to the next between elections… this means voters keep an open mind and demand political parties work hard to secure their votes,” Djayadi said. He said the only political party that has experienced an increase in public support since the 2014 election has been the PDI-P. The high percentage of swing voters, according to the SMRC, is due to the fact that most Indonesians do not identify with, or remain loyal to, a specific party.
SAN DIEGO (AP) — Alex Smith, Travis Kelce and the rest of the Kansas City Chiefs have goals far bigger than simply winning the AFC West.
The Chiefs finished off their domination of the division when they beat the last-place Chargers 37-27 Sunday in possibly the final NFL game in San Diego.
“Right now it's awesome that we won it and we're happy that we achieved that goal, but everything is kind of moving forward and we've got our eyes set on the biggest prize yet, and that's getting a Super Bowl win,” said Kelce, the star tight end. “There's no doubt in my mind that we can go get that thing.”
The Chiefs haven't been to the Super Bowl since beating Minnesota following the 1969 season.
San Diego fired coach Mike McCoy after the game.
Smith threw for two touchdowns and ran for another for the Chiefs (12-4), who clinched the division with the win and Oakland's loss at Denver.
Smith, who went to nearby Helix High in La Mesa, scored on a 5-yard scramble early in the second quarter to tie the game at 10. He threw a 4-yard touchdown pass to wide-open Charcandrick West later in the quarter to put the Chiefs ahead for good. That followed the first of two interceptions of Philip Rivers that led to 10 points for the Chiefs.
“For us it was such a big swing, to go from potentially playing a road game in the wild card to a bye and hosting a game,” Smith said. “There was no in-between there. We took care of our end and got some help from Denver, so it was pretty sweet.
“We saw the score there at the end, and we had our deal sealed up. Pretty awesome, and to win the division is special as well, that's something that this group hasn't done.
“It's crazy to sweep the division,” he said of going 6-0.
Smith was intercepted once, on a deflected pass that Jahleel Addae returned 90 yards for a touchdown to pull the Chargers (5-11) to 20-17 in the third quarter. Smith came right back and threw a 2-yard scoring pass to West, who again was wide open.
Rookie Tyreek Hill showed some fancy footwork in returning a punt 95 yards for a touchdown in the final minute of the third quarter.
MCCOY FIRED
McCoy was 27-37 in four seasons, with the Chargers having lost 23 of their last 32 games. They've also lost 13 of their last 14 AFC West games dating to late in the 2014 season. He had one year left on his contract.
THE LA OPTION
For the second straight year, the Chargers were playing perhaps their final game in San Diego.
Last year, Chairman Dean Spanos was in the process of trying to move the team to Carson to share a stadium with the rival Raiders. That plan was defeated by fellow NFL owners in January, but Spanos was given the option to move to LA if he couldn't come up with a way to replace aging Qualcomm Stadium. A Nov. 8 ballot measure asking for $1 billion in increased hotel occupancy taxes to help fund a new downtown stadium was overwhelmingly voted down.
Spanos has until Jan. 15 to announce whether he'll move the team
The Rolling Stones' “The Last Time” played on the PA during a break in the action after a Chiefs field goal made it 37-20 late in the game.
Smith, for one, hopes that doesn't happen. He grew up in the San Diego area and played at Qualcomm Stadium in high school championship games and in college when Utah visited San Diego State.
“For me growing up here, I think it'd be tragic if there wasn't a team here. If there wasn't football in this town, it would be weird for me.”
GATESY
Chargers tight end Antonio Gates tied Tony Gonzalez for the most touchdown catches in NFL history by a tight end with 111.
Gates tied the mark on a 2-yard toss from Rivers early in the second quarter to give the Chargers a 10-3 lead. Gates caught the ball and extended it in his right hand to break the plane.
The Chargers tried to get Gates sole possession of the record in the fourth quarter but couldn't.
“They were not going to let him get that touchdown,” Rivers said. “I was looking at him every other time, too. We did the best we could.”
Late in the game, Rivers threw a 12-yard TD pass to San Diego's other tight end, wide-open rookie Hunter Henry.
RIVERS PICKOFFS
Rivers was intercepted twice to set a career high with 21. Rivers' previous high was 20 in 2011.
“We gave ourselves a chance. We turned it over twice. which killed us,” Rivers said.
INJURIES: Chiefs S Eric Berry left with an ankle injury in the second half. Chargers S Darrell Stuckey left with a knee injury, LB Christopher Landrum suffered a concussion and G Orlando Franklin had a shoulder injury.
Britain's Heathrow Airport says baggage handling disrupted at two terminals
LONDON, June 15 Europe's biggest airport London Heathrow said some passengers might have to travel without their bags on Thursday after an issue with its baggage system affected Terminals 3 and 5.
Pregnant can send a message to the app when she wants a seat, which will then look for pre-registered users who have said they are willing to give up theirs
Published 12:06 PM, December 12, 2017
TOKYO, Japan – Pregnant women struggling to bag a seat on the famously packed Tokyo subway could find their salvation in a new app connecting them with nearby passengers willing to give up their coveted perch.
The digital match-making app being trialed this week on the metro aims to overcome two problems especially prevalent in Japan: passengers generally have their nose buried in their phones and talking is strictly frowned upon.
The service allows a pregnant woman to send a message when she wants a seat.
The app will then look for generous pre-registered users who have said they are willing to give up their seats.
If there is a match, the pregnant woman gets a seat map on her smartphone screen showing her partner's location.
The exchange can be made without giving personal information to each other.
Printing and IT firm Dai Nippon has been testing the service this week on one of the key subway lines in conjunction with Tokyo Metro and the Line messaging app company.
"This may be particular to Japan but some people hesitate to speak to a person who may need a seat," said a spokeswoman at Dai Nippon Printing involved in the project.
"Many people are also looking at smartphone screens and do not always realize quickly that someone in need is standing nearby," said the official, who declined to be named.
"We try to take advantage of the situation."
It is yet to be decided when the service will be rolled out but the companies also hope to expand assistance to elderly and disabled people.
Japan has one of the world's lowest birth rates and authorities are trying out several policies to encourage people to have more children. – Rappler.com
TOKYO, April 20 Weekly net trading in shares on the first section of the Tokyo Stock Exchange , Japan's main stock exchange, in thousands of yen. A negative figure indicates net selling. Week to: TOTAL Proprietary Brokerage Apr 14 -11,990,261 -85,244,596 73,254,335 Apr 7 -23,158,730 -84,838,360 61,679,630 Mar 31 -6,850,509 63,398,392 -70,248,901 Mar 24 -28,205,062 98,718,798 -126,923,860 Mar 17 -8,305,870 407,036,510 -415,342,380 Breakdowns of brokerage totals: Week to: Institutions Individuals Foreigners Securities Cos Apr 14 27,509,918 -48,466,449 101,310,202 -7,099,336 Apr 7 -42,074,062 -3,575,956 106,718,908 610,740 Mar 31 -78,681,085 78,887,674 -73,803,870 3,348,380 Mar 24 -97,944,942 329,813,395 -375,127,010 16,334,697 Mar 17 -142,810,075 108,871,965 -387,964,019 6,559,749 Sources: Tokyo Stock Exchange (Compiled by Tokyo Newsroom)
The largest paddling event in the entire state of Mississippi went off without a hitch today in Ocean Springs.
Battle on the Bayou happens rain or shine... and the weather today pushed participants.
Taren Reed spoke to those hoping to bring home a win.
FILE PHOTO: Christian children who left Al-Arish city, North Sinai's Governorate capital, after the escalation of a campaign targeting Christians by Islamic State militants, look at scale model of Christ after arriving at the Saint Church in Ismailia, Egypt February 27, 2017. REUTERS/Amr Abdallah Dalsh/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: A general view of Naama bay and a swimming pool of a hotel during sunset in the Red Sea resort of Sharm el-Sheikh, Egypt, November 7, 2015. REUTERS/Asmaa Waguih/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: A flower is seen near debris at the crash site of a Russian airliner in al-Hasanah area in El Arish city, north Egypt, November 1, 2015. REUTERS/Mohamed Abd El Ghany/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: An Egyptian military vehicle is seen on the highway in northern Sinai, Egypt, May 25, 2015. REUTERS/Asmaa Waguih/File Photo
ARISH, Egypt One Monday in early April, Shaher Saeed was driving south of the city of Arish in Egypt's North Sinai when he came upon a group of Islamic State militants who had stopped a truck carrying cigarettes.
"I saw them forcing the driver from the vehicle and stripping the upper part of his clothing before tying him to the door of one of their cars," said Saeed, who lives in the area. "They hit him on the back more than 10 times, then burnt all the cartons of cigarettes ... They let him go after warning him not to trade cigarettes again."
Interviews with residents of North Sinai and reviews of Islamic State videos suggest the group's local affiliate, known as Sinai Province, is seeking to impose its hardline interpretation of Islam on the local populace for the first time. According to Sinai Province videos reviewed by Reuters, the group has created a morality police force, known as a Hisba, to enforce strict rules against such behaviour as smoking, men shaving their beards or women exposing their faces.
Coupled with a sharp increase in attacks on Christians inside and outside its predominant area of operations in North Sinai, the developments mark a significant change of tactics for Egypt's Islamic State affiliate. Previously, the group had mostly attacked police, soldiers and their informants.
The group's widening geographical reach and shift in focus present a challenge for President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi, who came to power in 2013 vowing to eradicate Islamist extremism and restore security. Despite government crackdowns that have seen hundreds of militants and protesters killed and thousands jailed, Islamic State is still mounting deadly attacks in Egypt.
The developments reflect how Islamic State is expanding operations in the Arab world's most populous country as the extremist group faces setbacks in Syria, Iraq and Libya, say analysts. While the group has failed to capture territory in Egypt, it is trying to stoke sectarian tensions and social unrest. An examination of what's happening in North Sinai, a region rarely accessible by reporters, shows the strategy is scoring some success. (Graphics on Egypt's Christians under threat - here)
A 25-minute video posted in late March on an internet channel often used by Islamic State showed jihadists announcing the creation of a Hisba in North Sinai, modelled on religious police units operating in parts of Iraq and Syria controlled by Islamic State. The video denounced Christians and Sufi Muslims, and showed enforcers, wearing jackets identifying them as Sinai Province Hisba, burning confiscated cigarettes and drugs and destroying tombs and shrines, which they consider un-Islamic.
In the video, an unmasked young militant warns that the Hisba will punish dissenters according to its interpretation of Islam. Enforcers are shown hitting one man with plastic tubing and beheading two elderly adherents of Sufi Islam, accusing them of sorcery and apostasy. Reuters could not verify the authenticity of the video, which has since been removed from the internet.
Egypt's military spokesman declined to comment on the incidents in North Sinai, the thinly populated but strategic peninsula between the Suez Canal, Israel and Gaza where a legacy of government neglect has created fertile ground for radicalisation among disenfranchised locals. A security source downplayed concerns that the militants were capable of spreading the kind of sectarian violence that has torn apart Iraq.
"They are trying to have an impact, and we are not saying we have completely eradicated them, but they are weak," he said.
The latest shift in militants' tactics began in December, when an Islamic State suicide bomber killed 28 people at the main Coptic Christian cathedral in the heart of the capital Cairo. In February, Sinai Province declared in another video its intent to wipe out Egypt's Christians, who account for about 10 percent of the 92 million population.
Christians have long faced sporadic attacks in Egypt, usually sparked by disputes over land, church-building or inter-religious love affairs. But the murder of seven Christians in North Sinai in the three weeks from Jan. 30 was different, more systematic and more insidious, officials and rights groups said at the time. About 175 families fled the area. Some of them told Reuters that hit lists of local Christians had been circulated online and pushed under doors.
Last month, Islamic State militants killed at least 45 people in two church bombings on Palm Sunday, prompting Sisi to declare a state of emergency.
Mokhtar Awad, research fellow in the Program on Extremism at George Washington University, said the new campaign against Christians was an effort to tear at the fabric of society and state when other means had failed. "A confluence of factors has seen this escalation happen now," he said. "They hope that this is the first step to basically unravel the country."
As well as launching attacks in major cities like Cairo, Alexandria and Tanta, where the church bombings took place, militants are ranging further afield inside North Sinai. Where fighting once centred around the cities of Rafah and Sheikh Zuweid, near the Gaza border, militants have carried out more attacks in and around Arish, the provincial capital about 52 km (32 miles) further west.
ABANDONED AND DESTROYED
Since 2014, when homegrown Sinai militant group Ansar Bayt al-Maqdis pledged allegiance to Islamic State, Egypt has resorted to ever more destructive means to root out the jihadists. It has smashed a network of tunnels used to smuggle weapons in from Gaza; razed hundreds of homes to create a no-man's land; and mounted numerous air strikes. Those policies have prevented militants seizing territory, but at a high cost for locals.
In the stretch of highway that separates Sheikh Zuweid from Rafah lie about 14 villages. Eleven of them, say locals, are now abandoned. A Reuters reporter drove through three of the villages in October and saw empty streets, destroyed homes and orchards felled by the military to deprive militants of cover.
In the village of El Zahair, about half the residents had gone. Those who remained said they had little alternative.
"We live by planting the land near our house with tomatoes, beans, whatever and eating them. If I went to Arish, I have no money to rent a flat; and if I managed to find a flat, how would I find the money to eat?" said Suleiman Abu Hameed. "The security forces have besieged the terrorists but they have besieged us, too."
In the village of Moqataa near Sheikh Zuweid, mounds of rubble dotted the streets where houses once stood. Even buildings unscathed by the near-four-year-old war between Egypt's army and Sinai Province were abandoned.
Karam al-Zubeiydi, a former resident of Moqataa, works at the Arish post office earning 1,200 Egyptian pounds ($65.97) a month and has no immediate plans to return.
"At any moment, an air strike could kill me and my children" there, he said. The military had destroyed his olive trees, Zubeiydi said. "So I planted tomatoes, but then I couldn't get fuel for the engine that draws water from my well, so I couldn't live there."
Zubeiydi's children used to go school in Sheikh Zuweid, but it became too dangerous and time-consuming to send them, he said, because of the army and police checkpoints on the road. Many people who remain in the villages now educate their children at home, Zubeiydi added.
ROADBLOCKS
On some stretches of road between Sheikh Zuweid and Arish, a coastal city that once drew visitors to its beaches, army and police checkpoints are so close together that one can be seen from another.
To prevent car bombings and shootings, security forces place concrete barriers in zigzag formations or set up defence lines reinforced with sandbags. Some checkpoints force cars to take short detours off the main road. Such measures, however, have not stopped Islamic State fighters from setting up their own impromptu roadblocks, where they check IDs, tell women to cover up and carry out public punishments, locals say.
One female teacher said she was on her way from Arish to the school where she works in Rafah in late February when three masked Islamic State fighters stopped her bus. Two got on and advised the women to veil their faces and travel with chaperones, she told Reuters.
A few days later it happened again, she said. This time, the advice to wear the niqab, or face veil, came with a threat of punishment by lashings or acid attacks for those who refused. The teacher said she did not comply.
"The situation is difficult. People are scared," the teacher said. She declined to give her full name for fear of retaliation by Islamic State fighters, who have beheaded locals they accuse of going against their austere interpretation of Islam or of collaborating with Israel or Egyptian security forces. She was one of two female teachers who told Reuters that Islamic State fighters had boarded their buses.
Ibrahim al-Tadawy, the top Education Ministry official in North Sinai, said teachers were travelling as normal in ministry-organised buses from Arish to schools in Rafah. "North Sinai is secure and stable and the educational process is taking place as usual," he told Reuters by telephone.
Despite the tight security, residents of southern Rafah said Islamic State fighters had confiscated satellite dishes, and residents of Arish said a shop which sold videos and DVDs had been attacked. Reuters was unable to track down the owner of the shop, now closed.
The military spokesman declined to comment. The security source said the militants were unable to impose themselves on society.
"This is all nonsense," the source said. "They come out for two minutes and film two cars and say, 'We set up a checkpoint.' This was all for the media, for people like you to write things that bear no relation to the reality on the ground."
While the army has had some success in purging jihadists from the border areas, militants have resurfaced elsewhere, according to police and residents based in Arish. They say the militants have moved into the city and are now all around them, hiding among the civilian population.
"The places they were living no longer exist or now have a large security presence. Now they have started to come out of the streets in the city to attack us and then disappear among the people," said Badr Ali, a policeman at an Arish checkpoint. "The problem is that the people, if they spot the gunmen, are too scared to even point to them."
Mona Barhoum, a local rights activist from Rafah, said that while Islamic State's affiliated militants don't control the region, "they are present, they pop up like a jack-in-the-box, they kill or kidnap someone and go back into hiding."
(Ahmed Mohamed Hassan reported from Arish and Lin Noueihed from Cairo; Editing By Richard Woods and Sara Ledwith)
The 2017 Leopardstown National Hunt Festival is a key component of the Racing calendar, as we dust off the cobwebs, throw the Quality Street to one side and feast instead on 4 days of top class jumps action at the Foxrock track in Dublin. Whether it's a social jamboree with old friends over a glass, or a serious excursion with binoculars in hand, the meeting is inclusive, has a touch of class, and delivers 28 quality races. €1.3 million in total prize money, 7 Grade 1 contests and big Tote pools for punters ensure decent crowds and great craic from flag fall on St Stephen's Day.
Jessica Harrington has almost won it all in the game - the Champion Chase with the brilliant 'Moscow Flyer', the Champion Hurdle with 'Jezki' - and most recently the Cheltenham Gold Cup with 'Sizing John', the 7 year old who also won the Leopardstown and Punchestown Gold Cups earlier this year.
Sizing John's seasonal reappearance on Sunday was uplifting, as he cruised home under jockey Robbie Power to win the John Durkan Memorial Chase at Punchestown. We love our equine champions and 'John' has embraced his baptism.
So welcoming the media on a bitterly cold Monday in Moone, County Kildare to launch Leopardstown 2017, the Harrington gang, Jessie, daughters Kate and Emma, and the hardworking stable staff were in top spirits on home soil where the magic is at its source.
It warmed all of the watching press to see these beautiful specimens trot and then work on the gallops. Sizing John was in zen mode as he was paraded around the yard, and interestingly, Kate Harrington gave the nugget that the horse is physically stronger this year. Improvement is on the cards, and for a horse that has plenty of tactical speed and travels well, it's going to be hard for any pretender to steal his crown on March 16th, well being permitting.
There was a time when Irish trained Gold Cup winners were few and far between. Between 1977 and 2005, there were only two, 'Dawn Run' in 1986 and 'Imperial Call' a decade later. It took another 8 years after 'War of Attrition' in 2006 for 'Lord Windermere' to bring the prize back across the Irish sea. This is a golden age of Irish racing, from a 19 winner rout at Cheltenham 2017 to Aidan and Joseph O'Brien's walk on water. It shouldn't be taken for granted.
The Nicky Henderson trained 'Might Bite', the winner of the 3 mile novices' chase at the Cheltenham Festival back in March, is the horse Jessica Harrington nominated to me as the biggest threat to Sizing John.
"He must be on what he's done so far, he was an impressive winner of the RSA last year, he had a very impressive comeback run, he's going to run in the King George Chase at Kempton on St Stephen's Day, so we'll see. Look, Sizing John is a year more experienced that him, but until they meet, we won't know!"
I also asked Jessica to nominate some horses to follow over Christmas and the coming months that might win us a few bob.
She picked out 'Someday' - a horse that is coming back to himself after a fall last time out. This was a decent bumper horse that probably needs a test of stamina - he runs in the distinctive patchwork quilt colours. He is set to run at Leopardstown.
'Whisperinthebreeze' is a promising 4 year old horse that should appear in a bumper shortly after winning his point to point at Tinahely.
'Another Barney' is another young horse that won his point at Tralee and is set to appear on the racetrack soon.
'Madison To Monroe' was bought by the late Alan Potts, owner of Sizing Europe, and won his point by 8 lengths at Monksgrange. Put him in the notebook.
And 'Not Many Left' is expected to improve again from his third placed finish behind the Willie Mullins trained 'Hollowgrange' in a bumper at Punchestown on Sunday. 'Hollowgrange' could be very smart.
Good luck!
During its first hearing on the move to postpone the barangay elections yet again, the House committee on suffrage and electoral reforms approves the measure 19-2
Published 5:36 PM, August 14, 2017
MANILA, Philippines – A step closer to another postponement.
The House of Representatives committee on suffrage and electoral reforms on Monday, August 14, voted 19-2 to approve a bill that would postpone the barangay and Sangguniang Kabataan elections from October 2017 to May 2018.
Of 21 members present, 19 voted in favor of the measure while 2 – ACT Teachers party list Representative Antonio Tinio and Gabriela party list Representative Arlene Brosas – voted against it.
The Monday vote follows the decision during a House all-member caucus to move the elections to May 2018. Legislators also agreed that until a new set of leaders are elected, existing officials will be holdovers in their posts.
CIBAC party list Representative Sherwin Tugna, chairman of the committee, said he expected the bill to be taken up for second reading during plenary session by Tuesday, August 14. He also expected the bill to be approved on third and final reading before the month of August ends. Should the House pass this measure and the Senate agrees to do the same, it would be the second time under President Rodrigo Duterte's administration for barangay (village) elections to be suspended.
Duterte has cited the alleged proliferation of drug personalities in barangay posts and the supposed threat of drug money affecting the elections as reasons for its postponement. The President claimed up to 40% of barangay officials are linked to illegal drugs, a figure that no government agency has thus far backed up with data. Still, officials of both the executive and legislature use Duterte's assertion in pushing for the postponement of elections.
Duterte in the past said he wanted appointed officials – and not holdovers – to take over barangay posts to shield the barangay from the alleged influence of the illegal drug industry.
Tinio and another lawmaker, Akbayan party list Representative Tom Villarin, both expressed opposition to the postponement of elections. Villarin, who is not a member of the commitee, argued that the benefits of postponing the elections in the drug war was unclear. Tinio, meanwhile, said that not all sides were heard during the hearing.
Tugna downplayed this. “There was a great opportunity from the opposition. Also, even before we listened to the stakeholders here, we know that our democracy is a representative form of government. The votes of the people on the ground is represented by the members of the House. They represent the people. 19 versus 2. We see that the sentiment for the war on drugs to continue is strong,” he told reporters in a chance interview after the hearing.
Tugna, citing the sentiments of barangay officials themselves and law enforcement agencies such as the Philippine National Police (PNP), the Philippine Drug Enforcement Agency (PDEA), said holding an election – which would lead to a possible changing of the guards – in the middle of Duterte's war on drugs, could disrupt ongoing programs.
Barangay officials are generally at the front lines of drug war efforts, particularly in the grassroots level. For instance, the police rely on barangay officials for lists of alleged drug personalities in their areas.
Barangay officials are also expected to be present during anti-drug efforts including Oplan Tokhang, a literal knock-and-plead police effort to gather up and make alleged drug personalities “surrender.” – Rappler.com
Soccer-Manchester United complete Lindelof signing
LONDON, June 14 Manchester United have completed the signing of Sweden defender Victor Lindelof from Portuguese champions Benfica on a four-year contract with the option of extending it by another year, the Premier League club said on Wednesday.
After a fancy night out in Malibu last night, Jennifer Garner kept things low-key on her 45th birthday Monday, grabbing lunch with a friend in the Pacific Palisades neighborhood of Los Angeles.
The actress seemed to be in good spirits, wearing denim jeans, a blue hoodie and sunglasses as she arrived to the local Cafe Vida, where a friend was waiting for her with a birthday gift.
After lunch, Garner returned to her car to find a birthday card and a bouquet of daffodils waiting for her. The gift had been left by a couple of friendly photographers.
Last night, the actress was spotted celebrating with Reese Witherspoon and other girlfriends in Malibu. The group seemed to have a blast as they continued laughing and chatting on their way out. A source told PEOPLE that Garner had been planning on celebrating with her friends over the weekend.
From Coinage: See Where 6 Stars Were Before They Were Famous
Earlier that day, Garner celebrated Easter with Ben Affleck and their family. The two took the kids to church, where a source said the pair seemed to be enjoying the family time.
“Both were smiling and seem happy about celebrating Easter together as a family,” a source told PEOPLE. “Jen greeted several other church-goers with hugs and smiles.”
The outing comes just days after Garner and Affleck officially filed for divorce, ending their now 11-year marriage. Affleck and Garner had been separated since June 2015 and continued to closely co-parent their kids — Violet, 11, Seraphina, 8, and Samuel, 5. The date of separation, as well as the division of property and any spousal support, is still to be determined.
Leeds bands The Pigeon Detectives will tour the UK this autumn to celebrate the 10th anniversary of their platinum-selling debut album Wait For Me.
And the tour includes dates at Nottingham's Rock City on October 20 and Sheffield's O2 Academy on November 2.
The band will play Wait For Me album in full at each gig.
Support comes from Little Comets.
Tickets are available now at http://bit.ly/2sjkOJd or http://bit.ly/2raaEpr
MONTEVIDEO, Uruguay — Canada missed its second chance to qualify for the 2019 Rugby World Cup, falling 70-60 to Uruguay after a two-game, aggregate-goals series.
Uruguay beat the Canadian squad 32-31 in the second leg on Saturday at Estadio Charrua to solidify their victory. The Uruguayan team won the first leg in Vancouver last weekend 38-29.
Canada will have one final chance at qualification via a repechage tournament in November, likely in France. There, the 21st-ranked Canadian men will likely face several higher-ranked countries for the tournament's final berth.
Canada has never missed a Rugby World Cup. A loss to the 17th-ranked U.S. Eagles last summer marked the first time the Canadian men had failed to qualify on the first attempt.
No. 18 Uruguay slots into Group D for the 2019 tournament in Japan as America 2, alongside No. 4 Australia, No. 7 Wales, No. 10 Fiji and No. 12 Georgia.
The Canadians, who needed a win by 10 points or more Saturday, looked strong at the outset as they compiled a 15-0 advantage. But Uruguay began to chip at the lead from there and the Canadians went into halftime up 18-10 in the game but down on aggregate.
Uruguay came out firing in the second, scoring a try less than two minutes in to cut the deficit further. The Uruguayans took their first lead of the match in the 65th minute on a try from Santiago Vilaseca.
Vilaseca led the Uruguayan side with two tries. Ignacio Dotti and Juan Manuel Cat Piccardo had the others.
DTH Van der Merve scored twice for Canada while Taylor Paris and Djustice Sears-Duru added tries.
Van der Merve scored his second try of the game in the dying seconds to bring Canada within one, but Brock Staller missed the conversion.
NEW YORK Model and actress Lauren Hutton is turning heads again by appearing in a commercial for Calvin Klein underwear, at the age of 73.
Hutton, famous for her gap-toothed smile, is one of the women between the ages of 18 and 73 featured in the new black-and-white ad by "Lost in Translation" movie director Sofia Coppola. Rashida Jones, Maya Thurman-Hawke, Chase Sui Wonders, Nathalie Love, Laura Harrier and Kirsten Dunst also make appearances, all personally selected by Coppola.
Coppola said she wanted to do the opposite of most lingerie ads and instead "showcase cool, smart women with real bodies and who are approachable."
Hutton appears briefly lounging on a bed in an unbuttoned blouse with a white bra underneath.
Hutton was one of the world's first supermodels in the 1960s and 1970s. More recently, she walked the runway for Milan fashion week in 2016, reflecting a trend for models of all ages in fashion and beauty ads.
(Reporting by Reuters Television; Editing by Matthew Lewis)
A stuntwoman for the upcoming Deadpool sequel has died on set, PEOPLE confirms.
The unnamed stunt driver died during a motorcycle stunt, according to a statement by the Vancouver Police.
Vancouver Police Department officers are at the scene of the accident, along with officers from WorkSafeBC.
A stunt driver has died on the set of Deadpool during a stunt on a motorcycle. VPD & @WorkSafeBC investigators are at the scene. — Vancouver Police (@VancouverPD) August 14, 2017
“We are deeply saddened by the accident that occurred on the set of Deadpool 2 this morning,” 20th Century Fox says in a statement. “Our hearts and prayers are with the family, friends and colleagues of our crew member during this difficult time.”
The Vancouver Sun reports that the accident occurred just after 8 a.m. on Monday. Witnesses tell the outlet that the woman lost control of her bike during a stunt, jumped a curb and crashed into Shaw Tower. She was reportedly treated by ambulance personnel but police say she died at the scene.
According to Metro News, the stunt driver narrowly missed hitting two pedestrians when she lost control of the bike.
Witness of Deadpool 2 crash: motorbike picked up speed, missed pedestrians https://t.co/W237VlDggr pic.twitter.com/cyDhCZSmvP — Metro Vancouver (@vancouvermetro) August 14, 2017
An eye witness tells the outlet that the stunt driver completed several rehearsals of the stunt, which involved driving a motorcycle down two ramps across several stairs, earlier that morning.
“She came out, went down the two flights of stairs, and it looked like she kind of hit the throttle because she picked up speed,” Nathan Kramchynski told Metro News.
“She was going full throttle,” he added, noting that it appeared as if the driver “missed two pedestrians” during the failed stunt.
CTV News reports that the lights and sirens of the ambulance were not turned on as it pulled away with the stuntwoman onboard.
Stunt person hurt on set of Deadpool 2 loaded into Advanced Life Support ambulance that hasn't moved. Anxious crew looking on. @CTVVancouver pic.twitter.com/iTU2awp7Qs — Ben Miljure (@CTVNewsBen) August 14, 2017
Ambulance has left set of Deadpool 2 with injured stunt person. Lights and sirens were not on as it pulled away. @CTVVancouver pic.twitter.com/iMheLitA7q — Ben Miljure (@CTVNewsBen) August 14, 2017
Ryan Reynolds, who's reprising his role as Deadpool in the sequel, tweeted a photo with members of the Vancouver Police Department last week, jokingly thanking them for their support in filming Spider-Man.
Thank you #VPD. And the great people of Vancouver for putting up with road closures and traffic delays as we film Spider-Man downtown. pic.twitter.com/EweL1TtM2k — Ryan Reynolds (@VancityReynolds) August 8, 2017
Just last month, John Bernecker, a stuntman on The Walking Dead, died after sustaining “serious injuries” on the AMC drama's Georgia set.
The stuntman and actor, who also worked on The Fate of the Furious and Logan, was placed on life support after suffering massive head injuries that left him brain dead.
Sources told Deadline that Bernecker and an actor were rehearsing a fight scene that was supposed to end with a routine fall from a balcony, but he lost his footing and fell 30 ft. to concrete floor.
Deadpool 2 is set to hit theaters in 2018, and The Walking Dead is currently set to return for season 8 in October.
There will be 2,400 athletes, 400 coaches, and countless supporters in Langley this weekend.
Several Langley athletes medaled earlier this month in the Fraser Valley championships in Abbotsford, some earning a spot at this weekend's provincials. (Black Press files)
The best of the best high school track and field athletes from throughout the province are converging on Langley this week.
Langley, and specifically the McLeod Athletic Park (MAP), are a preferred location for the BC High School Track and Field (BCTF) Championships that are happening Thursday through Saturday.
While the local track and most of its competition amenities are pretty standard, it's the covered stadium and media booth used for staging, as well as the jumbotron that keep organizer Andrew Lenton and the team from the BCTF's commission coming back to Langley again and again.
“The media tower makes a great staging area for the event, for us, from an organizational perspective,” he said.
“But the feedback we get from the spectators is that the jumbotron is something they're really wanting to keep, so we've come back here.”
He said the Township's parks and rec staff have been “great to deal with.” And the commission's long-standing relationship with the Langley Mustangs track and field club has made it possible to facilitate “an event of this magnitude” year after year.
“It's a really great facility. The Township of Langley is great to work with, their parks and rec. The facilities are great,” said Lenton, who is assistant coach at Maple Ridge Secondary and commissioner for the B.C. High School Track & Field Commission.
In addition to complimenting parks and rec, he said partnering with the Langley Mustangs track and field club to facilitate an event of this magnitude has been key.
“It's just a massive event,” Lenton said Wednesday afternoon from MAP.
It's one of the largest high school competitions of any kind in the country, comparable only to the Ontario track and field event, he said.
It will be a full house, added Lenton, noting that once again there will be 2,400 students from 335 high school throughout the province competing.
“We cap out. We limit and restrict who can come into the championships,” he explained. “There are many thousands and thousands more who have not been as lucky as to qualify or get a berth into the championships.”
In addition to all the athletes expected, there are another 400 coaches, and countless parents and supporters coming to Langley this weekend.
“This is a huge undertaking,” Lenton told the Langley Advance, explaining that these annual championships takes more than a year of prep time to arrange.
Speaking to that, he and the other commission directors started preparing for 2019's competition last summer.
The championships are primarily held within the Lower Mainland, because of facilities and logistics.
Only on rare occasions does it get moved to the Island or Interior.
It was hosted at the Apple Bowl in Kelowna in 1972, and Nanaimo in 2015, Lenton recalled. But he confirmed it will be back in Kelowna again next year, and he's already making plans for their return to Langley in 2020.
This is year six for Lenton at the helm.
“I thought I would do it for one year, and somehow I'm finding myself in year six. I don't know how that happened,” he said.
It's primarily the calibre of athletes he sees participating year after year, and their insatiable quest to better themselves, that keeps him coming back.
This year's competition includes 100, 200, 400, 800, and 1,500-metre races, long jump, shot put, high jump, javelin, triple jump, steeplechase, race walking, discus, and hammer for students Grade 8 through 12.
“This really is, in terms of high school track and field competition, as good as it gets,” he said.
“In fact, We have some of the best athletes in the world competing,” he added, encouraging sports enthusiasts to watch the performances.
“They're going to be exciting,” Lenton said of the various showdowns. “For a lot of the kids, this is what they've been practicing and training for months and months.”
While Thursday's action runs from 3 to about 8 p.m., Friday and Saturday are full days. Friday will see meets and competitions running from 8:30 a.m. to 7:30 p.m. and Saturday from 8:30 a.m. to about 5 p.m.
That's long days, Lenton admitted. But to make it more palatable for spectators, most of the finals have been arranged between about 2 and 5 p.m. on both Friday and Saturday.
“We've loaded in all the finals in those times,” or at least as many as they could accommodate.
More information: www.bctfa.ca.
Backers of bitcoin say it's about time for a new kind of currency that can be exchanged in private and secure ways. Its promoters include internet entrepreneurs Cameron and Tyler Winklevoss.
This week mainstream financial markets are for the first time allowing investors to make future bets on the direction of bitcoin, but bitcoins themselves will be continued to be traded only on private exchanges, which are mostly out of reach of regulators.
Mark Fratella, a teacher who lives in Elmhurst, Illinois, bought some bitcoin "for the novelty of it" back when it was worth $700 or $800.
Fratella is holding onto his bitcoin, and buying a little more from time to time. He's also buying other cryptocurrencies, such as Ethereum and Litecoin. He's heard the talk of a bitcoin bubble.
"But I have also seen a few analysts talk about how, in the grand scheme of things, there are a relatively low amount of people into bitcoin and there is a huge potential for growth," he said. With the futures trade starting, Fratella thinks people who have been leery of its decentralized, deregulated nature will start buying into it too.
The futures also give investors the opportunity to "short" bitcoin — that is bet that its price will go down — which presently is very difficult to near impossible to do.
While the value of bitcoin itself may be inflated, even some of its biggest critics say that the technology that's behind bitcoin has promise. That technology is called blockchain. It's a kind of digital ledger that securely records transactions and prevents the same bitcoin from being spent twice.
Jamie Dimon, the head of JPMorgan Chase, has called bitcoin "a fraud" that will eventually "blow up." But Dimon also said he thought the blockchain technology was "good" and could be used to make transactions faster and easier.
For now, people keep buying bitcoin, even with all the talk of a bubble. To Ritholtz, it's a combination of the novelty of bitcoin, the built-in scarcity of it — only 21 million of them will ever be created — and the psychology of people being attracted to assets whose prices appear to keep going up.
"One of the first rules of investing is, only invest in things you understand," Ritholtz said. "If you want to speculate in a cryptocurrency and you don't understand it, you might get lucky for a while but those sorts of speculations don't work out well."
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Russian filmmaker Andrey Konchalovsky will be presented with the Fellini Award for his exceptional contribution to cinematography at the Bari International Festival, scheduled to be held on April 22 in Bari, Italy, The Andrei Konchalovsky Production Center press service announced.
"The festival, founded in 1999, is mainly aimed at a young and enthusiastic audience. This time it will start with Andrei Konchalovsky's film ‘Paradise', to be attended by 1,500 students. After the festival, the famed director will provide a master class for the audience. At the evening's official ceremony, Andrei Konchalovsky will be presented with the award, that was previously given to Jean-Jacques Annaud, Max von Sydow, Andrzej Wajda, Tonino Guerra, and Paolo Sorrentino," the statement says.
Based on the event's tradition, three films by each award winner will be screened at the festival, including Konchalovsky's ‘Maria's Lovers' (1984) and ‘Runaway Train' (1985).
Andrei Konchalovsky, a world-renowned Russian filmmaker and President of the Nika Russian Academy of Cinema Arts, is famous for his films, A Nest of Gentlefolk, The Story of Asya Klyachina, Tango & Cash, and The Nutcracker. Andrey Konchalovsky is a son of Sergey Mikhalkov and the brother of Nikita Mikhalkov.
Source: TASS
NATIONAL CITY (KUSI) — Three people are injured after crashing their vehicle into two parked cars in National City on Sunday.
A call went out to police Sunday at 7:35 in the evening regarding a multi-car accident in the 100-block of National City Boulevard. Police says that a white SUV was speeding northbound when the driver veered into the parked cars, totaling one of them and pushing the other at least 60 feet down the road.
The driver then tried to run from the scene, leaving his two passengers injured in the vehicle. Officers were able to catch and arrest him shortly after.
The other two people were also detained and all three are suspected of being under the influence. The three men were transported to Mercy Hospital for their injuries.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
An explosion struck the Port Authority bus terminal at 42nd Street and Eighth Avenue near Times Square on Monday morning, injuring four people and causing chaos in one of the busiest commuter hubs in the city, authorities said.
A man is in custody, the New York Police Department said in a tweet, and he is among the four people suffering non-life-threatening injuries after the blast, according to the New York City Fire Department.
The A, C and E subway lines were evacuated, NYPD Sgt. Brendan Ryan said. The subway entrance on Eighth Avenue and the bus terminal are closed, the Port Authority said in a tweet, adding that there was still police activity in the area.
Aerial footage from the scene showed police cruisers, emergency vehicles and hundreds of police and fire personnel in the street outside the terminal.
"Could have been a lot worse," a federal law enforcement source told CNN.
Preliminary information, according to two law enforcement sources, one local and one federal, indicates a pipe bomb may have unintentionally exploded.
A man wearing a homemade device attempted to detonate it, and it either malfunctioned or did not go off the way it was supposed to, according to one NYPD source.
Francisco Ramirez said he heard two explosions as he was exiting a bus about 7:45 a.m. ET. He heard both blasts distinctly even though he was wearing headphones.
"From what I saw it sounded like it came from the subway, but I'm just guessing," he said. "It was two distinct explosions seconds from each other. As I was making my way toward the outside, I kept getting shoved by cops and there were cops at every entrance blocking and there was police and SWAT everywhere.
"It was scary. It was just a lot of chaos but I didn't see any injuries."
Marlyn Yu Sherlock was at a retail store on the main floor of the terminal when people began flooding out of the subway entrance, "screaming, running in panic," she said.
"The PA system was still blaring Christmas carols," Sherlock said. "It took about four minutes before men in black cop uniforms started shooing people out of Port Authority. As I walked further away from the building, I kept asking the heavily armed cops what it was. They said 'suspicious package.'"
Gov. Andrew Cuomo is on the scene and has been briefed by law enforcement, and Mayor Bill de Blasio is en route. In a tweet, White House press secretary Sarah Sanders said President Donald Trump, too, had been briefed.
The incident comes a few weeks after a deadly terror attack in Lower Manhattan.
A man was charged with killing eight people and injuring a dozen others as he drove a pickup truck down a bicycle path near the World Trade Center on Halloween. He was arrested after the truck hit a school bus, stopping it in its tracks. He exited the vehicle and an officer shot him.
The suspect, Sayfullo Habibullaevic Saipov, was indicted last month on murder and terror-related charges, the US Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York said. Saipov pleaded not guilty to 22 federal counts.
It was the deadliest terror attack in New York City since the September 11, 2001 attack on the World Trade Center.
OECD says New Zealand cbank should adopt debt-to-income limits on home loans
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) said on Thursday that New Zealand's central bank should add debt-to-income (DTI) limits on home loans to its toolkit to help cool the country's housing market.
President Donald Trump‘s homecoming to New York City Monday night was met with protests as people lined up outside of Trump Tower.
Trump tweeted about his return to the city, writing, “Leaving for New York City and meetings on military purchases and trade.”
Leaving for New York City and meetings on military purchases and trade. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 14, 2017
The commander-in-chief's arrival comes after violent protests erupted in Charlottesville, Virginia, on Friday night. The president faced backlash over his initial response to the white nationalist rally that claimed the lives of three people.
Marine One lands in NYC as president prepares to stay at Trump Tower amid protests https://t.co/L5MnmKPzMk pic.twitter.com/qipbAJaLLD — NBC New York (@NBCNewYork) August 15, 2017
He followed up his statement with a second one, condemning “racism” for leading to “the horrific attack and violence that was witnessed by everyone.”
Trump landed in New York City at about 8:30 p.m., according to The New York Daily News.
Thousands of people rallied outside of Trump Tower on Monday, while another group staged a mock “die-in” and funeral for American values nearby before marching, the Daily News reported.
Peaceful protest outside Trump Tower awaiting the President's return. pic.twitter.com/ExQPgcmBWv — Maija Liisa Ehlinger (@MaijaEhlinger) August 15, 2017
People chanted “No KKK! No Racist U.S.A.! F— Trump!” while waiting for Trump to arrive.
Protesters gathered outside of Trump Tower, holding signs that read “White Silence Equals Death,” as well as swastikas with a red line running through it to denounce the Nazi party.
Several other people held signs that read “PEACE” and “We The People SAY NO” in white font against a Pride flag.
Trump began his Monday remarks by boasting that the stock market continued to hit record highs, as well as how unemployment continued to drop.
He did not acknowledge that his initial response blamed “many sides” for the violence, simply saying: “As I said on Saturday, we condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence.”
According to a pool report, the president declined to answer any shouted questions following his press conference, including several about whether he regretted waiting until now to denounce racism.
On Saturday, violence broke out at a pre-planned “Unite the Right” rally as the white supremacist protesters clashed with counter-protesters who were demonstrating against the event. A 20-year-old man identified as James Alex Fields Jr. is accused of ramming his car into a group of protesters, killing 32-year-old Heather Heyer.
RELATED VIDEO: Natasha Stoynoff Breaks Silence, Accuses Donald Trump of Sexual Assault
On Monday, Trump mentioned by name Heyer and the two Virginia state troopers, Lt. H. Jay Cullen and Berke M. M. Bates, who were killed Saturday afternoon in a helicopter crash as they were responding to the rally.
“Her death fills us with grief,” Trump said of Heyer.
Asked by CNN why he didn't “condemn those hate groups by name over the weekend,” the president replied, “They have been condemned. They have been condemned.”
The network followed up by asking the president why he didn't hold a 3 p.m. press conference on Monday as previously promised.
“We had a press conference. We just had a press conference,” Trump said, adding that “it doesn't bother me at all” to answer more questions.
“But I like real news,” he said, telling the CNN reporter: “You're fake news. You're fake news.”
It was a dancing showcase today as hundreds of young women put their talent in the spotlight.
The Celebration Talent regional competition was at the Mississippi Coast Coliseum and Convention Center.
And while the dancing event creates future stars, it also creates something much bigger.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
PRINCE GEORGE COUNTY, Va. – Logan Cole, a 16-year-old student, is tired of bullies.
"Some days I'm scared to go to school" Cole said.
Cole, a junior at Prince George County High, says his fears come as bullying has gotten worse.
"I am gay so I do get some hate from certain people,” he said.
This past week though, the bullying spread to social media, including a video posted online making fun of what he was wearing. Someone posted a Snapchat that was shot inside the school.
“I was put on social media, being joked around for what I wore, which was heels,” he said.
"Yesterday I was called down to be interviewed by two police and I talked about the incident that occurred to me,” he said.
Logan says he isn't the only openly gay student being targeted. Logan's mom is also ready to take a stand.
"There are a bunch of close-minded children," his mom, Jennifer Benehaley, said."Why do you care, you know, he's not approaching you, so leave him be, let him go on and do his own thing in school and you go do your own thing".
Except for the bullying, Logan Cole says he believes he is getting a quality education at the high school.
Both he and his mother agree that every student should "feel safe, in a good environment to learn...no need to have all this hate coming around.”
Share This: Classic Twilight Zone Episodes We Want Jordan Peele To Reboot Sara
Even though there have already been two unsuccessful The Twilight Zone reboots in the past 30-or-so years, the third reboot may be the charm. That's because it'll be helmed by writer-director Jordan Peele, whose surprise horror hit Get Out demonstrated that he has a gift for telling unsettling, strange, and completely engrossing stories.
There's no doubt Peele's creative enough to come up with dozens of completely original Twilight Zone episode ideas on his own. But there are also 156 episodes of the original series, many of which could be given new life if Peele sprinkles a bit of metaphorical pixie dust and tweaks them to more accurately reflect what's going on in today's world. Though it's far from comprehensive, we put together a list of OG Twilight Zone episodes we wouldn't mind seeing Peele introduce to a contemporary audience. We'll be spoiling each of these episodes, by the way.
A Stop at Willoughby – Season 1
In this episode, a harried ad executive tries to escape his overwhelming, fast-paced existence by visiting the calm, pleasant town of Willoughby. Too bad Willoughby isn't actually real. The executive departs his evening train to get off at Willoughby instead of returning home from work, but at the end of the episode we learn that Willoughby was all in his head and that in reality he jumped out onto the train tracks and died. “A Stop at Willoughby” is a harrowing tale about what overexertion and exhaustion can do to your mental state, and the episode's message hits just as hard (if not harder) today as it did in the ‘60s. Many of us rarely allow our minds to remain unengaged for longer than a few minutes (we're all guilty of using our phones and watching TV at the same time), so we're sure Peele could use this classic episode as the foundation for a brand new
Number 12 Looks Just like You – Season 5
“Number 12 Looks Just Like You” is somewhat similar to another, more famous Twilight Zone episode, “Eye of the Beholder.” In both episodes, a young woman undergoes plastic surgery to make herself look more conventionally beautiful. However, in “Eye of the Beholder” this type of surgery appears to be uncommon whereas in “Number 12,” the surgery is completely normalized and, as we eventually learn, pretty much mandatory. In addition, the young woman in “Number 12,” Marilyn, initially refuses to undergo the surgery (aka “the Transformation”) but is hypnotized into obedience by a vicious, suspicious doctor. “Number 12” says a lot not only about conforming to widely-held beauty standards but also about consent, two extremely relevant issues that we'd be excited to see Peele explore.
Will the Real Martian Please Stand Up? – Season 2
This Season 2 episode about two aliens who successfully pass themselves off as humans is interesting not because of its big reveal, but because of the conversations that occur prior to it. The episode begins with two state troopers who enter a diner to investigate a UFO crash. The troopers realize that at least one of the diner patrons was in that UFO, causing the patrons to temporarily turn against and grow increasingly suspicious of one another. Even though it's not the focus of the episode, the idea that the tiniest of inciting incidents can trigger extreme panic and paranoia is certainly one that's culturally relevant and deserves more attention.
Mirror Image – Season 1
The Twilight Zone is chock-full of episodes about the dangers of technology, including one in which a man is attacked by his appliances (“A Thing About Machines”) and another in which a man replaces his employees with robots and eventually gets replaced himself (“The Brain Center at Whipple's”). But one episode that comments on technology in an unintentional, more figurative way is “Mirror Image.” In the episode, a woman realizes that her doppelgänger from an alternate dimension is following her and eventually deduces that it's trying to kill her. This might be a stretch, but couldn't Peele alter the episode to be about online personas instead of literal doppelgängers? If Black Mirror can talk about how technology will eventually kill us all, why can't The Twilight Zone?
Nightmare at 20,000 Feet – Season 5
“Nightmare at 20,000 Feet” is one of The Twilight Zone's most famous episodes, and it also happens to be the one that reminds us the most Get Out. In this episode, William Shatner (yes, that William Shatner) plays an airplane passenger who's convinced that he sees a gremlin crawling on the plane's wing. Nobody believes him (partially because he experienced a nervous breakdown on another airplane six months prior) and he gets taken away by the police as soon as the plane lands. But even though nothing is usually as it seems in the Twilight Zone, this time everything is exactly as it seems. It turns out the gremlin is real and that it, as the man suspected, damaged part of the plane. And though “Nightmare” isn't nearly as socio-politically poignant as Get Out, both Shatner and Get Out's Chris experience the horror of not being believed and of very nearly convincing themselves that they're insane. Could Peele use “Nightmare” to make a statement as resonant as the one he made with Get Out?
A 100 Yuan note is seen in this illustration picture in Beijing March 7, 2011. REUTERS/David Gray/File Photo
BEIJING Capital outflows from China eased sharply in the first quarter and cross border flows were more balanced, the foreign exchange regulator said on Thursday, in the latest official comments indicating policymakers are growing less worried about the yuan currency.
Reduced pressure from outflows has helped steady the yuan this year and brought China's foreign currency reserves back over the closely watched $3 trillion mark.
Expectations for further yuan depreciation have weakened significantly, State Administration of Foreign Exchange (SAFE) spokeswoman Wang Chunying told a news conference.
Net foreign exchange sales by China's commercial banks fell sharply in the first quarter after policymakers tightened supervision on money leaving the country and as a weaker U.S. dollar took pressure of the yuan and other emerging currencies.
Net sales of foreign exchange by Chinese commercial banks dropped to $40.9 billion in the first quarter, compared with $124.8 billion in the first quarter of 2016 and $337.7 billion in sales last year, SAFE data showed.
The yuan slumped around 6.5 percent against the surging dollar last year, but has firmed nearly 1 percent so far in 2017 at the dollar recoiled.
Though most analysts polled by Reuters earlier this month [AXJ/POLL] still expect the yuan's downtrend to resume later in the year -- assuming the dollar will recover -- some market watchers such as Macquarie Capital Ltd now forecast no depreciation this year.
China's improving economy has helped support the currency even as the U.S. central bank raises interest rates, Wang said. The economy grew at the strongest pace since mid-2015 in the first quarter.
The central bank said last week its net foreign exchange sales in March were the lowest in 10 months at 54.7 billion yuan ($7.94 billion), while China's foreign exchange reserves edged up in March to $3.009 trillion.
Premier Li Keqiang said on Tuesday that market confidence in the yuan has significantly improved, Xinhua news agency reported.
Sources told Reuters on Wednesday that China's central bank has relaxed some of the curbs on cross-border capital outflows, the first signs of easing of measures put in place last year as authorities and financial markets feel more confident that pressure on the yuan has eased.
As the yuan fell against the dollar and capital outflows accelerated late last year, the government stepped up capital controls, making it harder for individuals and companies to move money out of China.
Those measures are credited with quashing speculative outflows and helping to stabilize the currency, but have also hampered legitimate outflows as China Inc goes more global.
Non-financial outbound direct investment from China tumbled 48.8 percent in the first quarter year-on-year, with dealmakers saying many Chinese firms are unable to close deals because they cannot secure official permission to transfer yuan into foreign currency.
But Wang said on Thursday China will push forward with opening up its capital account in a prudent and orderly way and will not backtrack by adding more capital controls.
"China's foreign exchange management will not turn back, we will not go back down the old road of capital controls," said Wang.
While clamping down on outflows, China has also been looking to encourage more inflows by opening up its bond market to foreign investors and promising to open more sectors to foreign investment.
Foreign central banks held $81.1 billion in yuan assets at the end of last year, up 13 percent, with 92.5 percent of those assets in bonds, SAFE data showed.
That number was slightly different from the International Monetary Fund's total of $84.51 billion in foreign government-held yuan assets, with Wang saying the reason for the difference could be that some yuan assets were held by intermediaries.
The yuan was added to the International Monetary Fund's basket of reserve currencies last October, but fears of further weakness have impaired Beijing's push for more global usage of the currency and foreign investors' appetite for yuan assets.
(Reporting by Kevin Yao and Cheng Fang; Writing by Elias Glenn; Editing by Joseph Radford and Kim Coghill)
The Lady Tigresses challenges the defending champions by driving the match to a 5th set
Published 7:11 PM, February 03, 2018
MANILA, Philippines – The De La Salle University (DLSU) Lady Spikers survived a 5-set opening match against the University of Santo Tomas (UST) Lady Tigresses, 25-20, 17-25, 25-22, 15-25, 15-8, on Saturday, February 3, at the Mall of Asia Arena.
The deciding set favored the Lady Spikers as Michelle Cobb's service ace gave them the 5-0 start. The Tigresses managed to cut the lead to 1, 6-5, as DLSU committed a 4-touches error. UST committed 3 straight errors, allowing the defending champions to clean up the 5th set with a block by Aduke Ogunsanya on Cherry Rondina's attack.
Season 79 MVP Majoy Baron led the Lady Spikers with 12 points, including 5 blocks and 2 aces. Cobb's debut as a starting setter saw her make 37 excellent sets to compliment her team-high of 4 service aces.
Rondina continues her killer instincts into the season as she registered a total of 28 points. Filipino-Italian rookie Minela Alessandrini made immediate impact in her UAAP debut with 18 points and 3 blocks.
The Lady Spikers got a headstart to the match as they led UST, 12-7. DLSU's errors cost them the lead as UST was able to cut the deficit to 1, 20-19. Season 79 Majoy Baron managed to close out DLSU's run with a kill block.
UST took control of the second set as they took an early lead and limited DLSU to only 17 points. Alessandrini backed up Rondina in scoring, equalizing the match at one set apiece.
The Lady Spikers rallied back to secure a 8-point lead, 15-7, in the third set. Errors continued to plague DLSU midway into the set as a double contact error allowed UST to tie the score at 21-all. Back-to-back crosscourt shots by Baron and Dy secured the 3rd set for the Lady Spikers, 25-22.
The determined Tigresses looked to deny the Lady Spikers from taking the match in the 4th set. UST capitalized on DLSU's errors and managed to take a 10-point lead by the second technical timeout, 16-6. DLSU surrendered the 4th set to UST after committing a total of 12 errors compared to UST's 3.
The Scores:
DLSU (97) – Baron 19, Cheng 12, Ogunsanya 10, Dy 9, Tiamzon 9, Cobb 6, Layug 2, Luna 2, Tiu 2.
UST (100) – Rondina 28, Alessandrini 18, Pacres 6, Bicar 4, Palec 3, Francisco 2, Viray 1.
Set Scores: 25-20, 17-25, 25-22, 15-25, 15-8
– Rappler.com
'Fast and Furious 8' is dispensable. It is barely a film.
While honeymooning in Cuba, Dom (Vin Diesel) and Letty (Michelle Rodriguez) are forced to save a relative's dilapidated car from being repossessed by an unscrupulous loan shark, and true to their character, their method of saving the ride is through a winner-take-all street race.
Dom strips the car of any unnecessary metal, equips it with dangerous amounts of nitro, and battles his opponent who happens to own the island's fastest car. They race through the streets of Havana, ending up with Dom winning and the car he is supposed to save turning into a fiery mess that ends up in the middle of the sea.
So yes, Dom doesn't really save his relative's car but he nonetheless gives the city a spectacular race that is too outrageous to be believed.
Expensive cataclysm
The entirety of F. Gary Gray's Fast and Furious 8 is similar in point and essence with its bombastic opening.
I am not talking about the film's overly advertised moral of family being always there for each other, as shown by Dom who'd risk life and limb to prevent his relative from being car-less. I am talking about how the film doesn't really amount to anything except being a showcase of loud and expensive cataclysm involving shiny vehicles and the men who can never exist without them.
At this point, the franchise has devolved from what initially is a somewhat interesting crime flick involving small-time carjackers and into a soulless and shapeless cash cow that doesn't even try to differentiate itself from all other crime-busting team flicks with trite ambitions of being a mishmash of every possible genre that is still profitable.
So Fast and Furious 8 is basically the story of a team of individuals with differing skillsets who end up globetrotting to stop a heartless terrorist from decimating the world. If that sounds very familiar, it is only because that is also the plot of the latest xXx, The Expendables, and heck, even The Avengers flick.
The very little difference
Fast and Furious 8 is dispensable. It is barely a film. It is more a product that is being kept alive and breathing by the insane amounts of money worldwide audiences are willing to shell out just to see costly things being demolished.
The very little differences that Gray struggles to put into the film amount to nothing.
There are some bits of real humor here and there, such as when Jason Statham massacres countless thugs while carrying a baby, or when Dwayne Johnson coaches his daughter's soccer team with the same ferociousness he has when fighting off criminals. The drama's commonplace and forced. The action, while at times impressive, has no real special distinction.
We've all seen this before, and let's be frank and honest about it, it has already gotten very tedious.
To be forgotten
Fast and Furious 8 has everything that is to be expected from a film out of the franchise.
It just doesn't have any innovations. It is flat and noisy. It is predictable. Like the dilapidated car that ends up wrecked in the middle of the ocean, to be abandoned because it has already been replaced by a shinier one, Gary's film will eventually be forgotten in a sea of sequels that barely have any identities. – Rappler.com
Francis Joseph Cruz litigates for a living and writes about cinema for fun. The first Filipino movie he saw in the theaters was Carlo J. Caparas' Tirad Pass. Since then, he's been on a mission to find better memories with Philippine cinema.
The developers of Canada's only commercial spaceport are hoping Nova Scotia's eastern shore will eventually be the site of as many as a dozen rocket launches annually.
Proponents of the project gathered in a Halifax boardroom this morning to plan the next steps, which will rely first on the province approving an environmental assessment plan.
Stephen Matier, president of Maritime Launch Services Ltd., said the goal is to break ground by mid-May, and to begin launching satellites from the $200-million project near Canso in 2020.
The consortium of three American firms is working with the Ukrainian-based Yuzhnoye Design to create the launch complex at the site in Guysborough County.
Maksym Degtiarov, a rocket designer with Yuzhnoye, said in an interview that the firm is capable of producing up to a dozen rockets annually to blast off from the site.
However, Matier says it will be fewer than that in the early years, with the initial goal of putting one to three satellites into orbit in the first year of operations.
The Canadian Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
VOL. 41 | NO. 23 | Friday, June 09, 2017
Stocks slip as investors seek safety after weak sales data The Associated Press Print | Front Page | Email this story To:
From:
Message:
From (email):
Message:
NEW YORK (AP) — U.S. stocks dipped Wednesday as investors worried about weak retail sales and oil prices sank. The Federal Reserve raised interest rates for the third time in six months.
The Commerce Department said retail spending decreased in May, which surprised experts. Investors reacted by buying traditionally safe assets like government bonds and high-dividend companies while selling stocks from other industries that depend more on economic growth. Bond yields hit their lowest level of 2017. Oil prices also hit an annual low after the government's weekly report on oil stockpiles.
In the last few weeks Wall Street has been disappointed by several economic reports. That did not appear to change the Fed's thinking even though higher interest rates tend to slow down economic growth. For years investors have been hoping growth will hit a faster pace.
"This economy has always been something of a healthy tortoise," said David Kelly, chief global strategist at JPMorgan Asset Management. "I think growth will pick up a bit, but there is sort of a failure to bounce in this economy."
The Standard & Poor's 500 index slid 2.43 points, or 0.1 percent, to 2,437.92. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 46.09 points, or 0.2 percent, to a record 21,374.56. Home Depot and Goldman Sachs contributed most of the blue-chip index's gain. After a late tumble in technology stocks, the Nasdaq composite lost 25.48 points, or 0.4 percent, to 6,194.89.
Small-company stocks fell more than the rest of the market. The Russell 2000 index sank 8.41 points, or 0.6 percent, to 1,417.57. That suggests investors are worried about the economy, which could have an outsize effect on smaller, domestically-focused companies.
The Federal Reserve raised interest rates for the third time since December, something investors widely expected based on the Fed's recent statements. Fed leaders suggested they still expect to raise rates again later in the year.
The Commerce Department said people spent less money at gas stations, department stores and electronics retailers last month. Video game seller GameStop gave up 35 cents, or 1.6 percent, to $21.55 and department store chain Kohl's dropped 38 cents, or 1 percent, to $37.66.
In a separate report, the Labor Department said consumer prices slipped, partly because of lower energy prices. That's one reason there has been little inflation in the economy lately, a continued concern for Federal Reserve policymakers.
Bond prices jumped. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note fell to 2.13 percent from 2.21 percent. Earlier, the 10-year note hit its lowest level since November.
Among big dividend payers, cereal maker General Mills rose 58 cents, or 1 percent, to $58.64 and PepsiCo advanced $1.05 to $117.37. American Water Works rose $1.14, or 1.4 percent, to $81.32.
Oil futures plunged after the U.S. government said oil supplies shrank only slightly last week while gasoline stockpiles grew. Benchmark U.S. crude fell $1.73, or 3.7 percent, to settle at $44.73 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, shed $1.72, or 3.5 percent, to close at $47 a barrel in London.
Exxon Mobil lost 89 cents, or 1.1 percent, to $82.07 and Anadarko Petroleum sank $1.94, or 3.9 percent, to $47.28.
The Fed also gave more details about its plans to shrink its bond portfolio. Later this year it will reduce the amount of principal payments it invests in new bonds. It does not plan to sell any bonds.
Investors have been pleased that the Fed is disclosing details of its plans and doesn't intend to move too quickly. Still, Kelly, of JPMorgan Asset Management, said he thinks that will have a big effect on the bond market: as the Fed lets its balance sheet shrink and buys fewer bonds, prices will fall and yields will rise.
The dollar slid to 109.53 yen from 109.96 yen. The euro edged up to $1.1220 from $1.1212.
Biotech drugmaker Biogen fell and competitor Alexion Pharmaceuticals rose after the companies said Biogen Chief Financial Officer Paul Clancy will become Alexion's CFO at the end of July. Analysts said Wall Street has a lot of respect for Clancy, who has been Biogen's CFO for 10 years.
Biogen gave up $8.05, or 3.1 percent, to $253.37 and Alexion jumped $10, or 9.3 percent, to $118.
Gold rose $7.30 to $1,275.90 an ounce. Silver jumped 37 cents, or 2.2 percent, to $17.14 an ounce. Copper slipped 2 cents to $2.57 a pound.
In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline sank 7 cents, or 4.5 percent, to $1.43 a gallon. Heating oil lost 4 cents, or 2.6 percent, to $1.41 a gallon. Natural gas fell 3 cents, or 1.1 percent, to $2.93 per 1,000 cubic feet.
Germany's DAX advanced 0.3 percent and the CAC-40 in France lost 0.4 percent. The British FTSE 100 fell 0.3 percent. Tokyo's Nikkei 225 retreated 0.1 percent and the Hang Seng Index in Hong Kong advanced 0.1 percent. In South Korea the Kospi retreated 0.1 percent.
___
AP Markets Writer Marley Jay can be reached at http://twitter.com/MarleyJayAP His work can be found at https://apnews.com/search/marley%20jay
Ahmad Abousamra, 31, a dual U.S./Syrian citizen from Mansfield, Massachusetts, is seen in this FBI handout photo taken in 2004. REUTERS/FBI/Handout
CAIRO A U.S.-Syrian Islamic State militant who helped run an online media campaign disseminating jihadist material to sympathisers around the world from its self-declared caliphate has been killed in Syria, the group said.
Ahmad Abousamra was killed in early January when a missile struck a house where he was staying north of the Syrian city of Tabqa, according to Islamic State publications including the English language online magazine Rumiyah which he helped set up.
Abousamra, 35, was born in Paris but brought up in Boston, Massachusetts, where he studied computer science, Rumiyah said. He travelled to Yemen, Pakistan and Iraq before returning to the United States, but fled after his plans for an armed attack with two accomplices on U.S. soil were uncovered.
At the start of the Syrian conflict in 2011 he fought in the northern city of Aleppo, before joining the al Qaeda-affiliated Nusra Front, and then switching allegiance to Islamic State.
He helped set up publications including Dabiq, the Islamic State online magazine named after a village in Syria where an Islamic prophecy says a battle will be fought between Muslims and infidels, heralding doomsday. Islamic State fighters were driven from the village six months ago.
The FBI offered $50,000 for information leading to Abousamra's capture after he was charged with conspiracy to provide material support to terrorists, and conspiracy to kill in a foreign country.
(Reporting by Ali Abdelaty; Writing by Dominic Evans; Editing by Louise Ireland)
Prime Minister Andrej Babiš (ANO) is due to meet his Polish counterpart Mateusz Morawiecki (PiS) on Friday to discuss ways to boost bilateral trade and cooperation, as well as wider European issues affecting the Visegrad Group, which also includes Hungary and Slovakia.
The two leaders will meet in the Czech spa town of Karlovy Vary before heading to Bulgaria for a conference taking place within a summit between China and 16 Central and Eastern European countries (CEEC).
The “China 16+1 Summit”, now its seventh year, has raised alarm in Brussels over the intensifying level of engagement between the member countries and communist China, which has invested heavily in the CEE region.
March 29 A report on mergers and acquisitions in central and Southeast Europe by Ernst & Young
* Says the Romanian mergers and acquisitions market fell 3 percent on the year to an estimated $3.54 billion in 2016.
* Says Romania saw 113 transactions in 2016, compared with 123 in the previous year. The industrial sector saw the most transactions. German, French and Polish firms were the most active buyers in Romania.
* Says transactions in central and Southeast Europe totalled $47.7 billion in 2016, up 10.7 percent on the year.
*Says Asahi Group Holdings' acqusition of SABMiller beer brands from Anheuser-Busch InBev was the region's largest transaction last year.
* Florin Vasilică, EY Romania M&A expert: "In 2017, the financial sector will consolidate, the consumer good sector will continue to be active and the number of technology transactions will rise." (Reporting by Luiza Ilie; Editing by Radu Marinas)
NEW YORK — A man inspired by the Islamic State group set off a crude pipe bomb strapped to his body Monday in a crowded subway corridor near Times Square, injuring the man, slightly wounding three others and sending New York commuters fleeing in terror through the smoky passageway.
Surveillance cameras captured the man walking casually through the crowded passage when the bomb went off at 7:20 a.m. amid a plume of white smoke, which cleared to show the man sprawled on the ground and commuters scattering to get away. Investigators said it was not clear if he set the bomb off intentionally or prematurely.
“This was an attempted terrorist attack,” Mayor Bill de Blasio told reporters. “Thank God the perpetrator did not achieve his ultimate goals.”
The suspect, who was identified as 27-year-old Akayed Ullah, was being treated at a hospital for burns to his hands and abdomen. The others who were injured suffered ringing in the ears and headaches.
Law enforcement officials said Ullah was inspired by the Islamic State group but apparently did not have any direct contact with the group and probably acted alone. Gov. Andrew Cuomo later told the NY1 cable channel that the suspect went online to learn how to make a bomb.
“We have no evidence at this time that there were any secondary devices or it was part of a larger plan,” Cuomo said.
It was the first bomb blast in the subway in more than two decades. The last bomb to go off in the subway system was believed to be in December 1994, when an explosive made from mayonnaise jars and batteries wounded 48 people in a car in lower Manhattan.
Ullah, who lives in Brooklyn, came to the U.S. from Bangladesh almost seven years ago and had been licensed to drive a livery cab between 2012 and 2015, according to law enforcement officials and NYC Taxi and Limousine Commission. He was speaking with investigators from his hospital bed, they said. The officials spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the blast.
Ullah arrived in the U.S. in 2011 on an F-4 visa, a preferential visa available for those with family in the U.S. who are citizens, a spokesman for the Department of Homeland Security said.
Investigators were searching Ullah's apartment, interviewing witnesses and relatives and looking for surveillance footage that may show his movements in the moments before the attack. They were also reviewing his subway fare card.
Ullah lived with his father, mother and brother in a residential area of Brooklyn with a large Bangladeshi community, neighbors said. The home was just off a shopping strip — a red two-story brick building.
Alan Butrico owns the house next door and a locksmith business two doors down.
“It's very weird,” he said. “You never know who your neighbors are.”
The Bangladesh Embassy in Washington condemned the attack. The deputy chief of mission, Mahbub Hassan Saleh, said the embassy had not received any information from authorities about the suspect.
The explosion, which happened in an underground passageway under 42nd Street between Seventh and Eighth avenues, triggered a massive emergency response by police and firefighters both above and below ground, tangling subway and bus service at the nearby Port Authority bus terminal.
It's the city's busiest subway station and a major transit hub, with 64 million subway riders passing through every year. In 2016, daily ridership on the subway was 5.7 million, a record high.
Everything around Times Square was shut down, halting what would ordinarily be a bustling rush hour at the “Crossroads of the World.” But streets quickly began returning to normal, and traffic around the area was expected to be operational by the evening rush.
Authorities said the bomb was a low-tech explosive device attached to the man with Velcro and plastic ties. They were investigating how it was made.
Port Authority police said officers found the man injured on the ground, with wires protruding from his jacket to his pants and the device strapped to his torso under his coat. They said he was reaching for a cellphone and they grabbed his hands.
A photo published by the New York Post showed a bearded man crumpled on the ground with his shirt apparently blown off and black soot covering his bare midriff. A police officer was holding the man's hands behind his back. Another photo shown on NY1 showed the bearded suspect, wide-eyed, on a stretcher being loaded into an ambulance.
Elrana Peralta, a customer-service worker for Greyhound, said she works in the Port Authority terminal near where the blast happened but did not hear the explosion.
“All we could hear was the chaos,” she said. “We could hear people yelling, ‘Get out! Get out! Get out!'”
John Miles, who is from Vermont, was waiting for a bus to Massachusetts. He did not hear the blast either, but saw police react.
“I didn't know what was going on. Officers were running around. I was freaking out,” he said. There was an announcement that people should take their bags and leave. “They didn't incite panic. It was fairly orderly.”
White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders tweeted that President Donald Trump had been briefed on the explosion. Instead of commenting on the suspected terror attack, Trump sent a tweet at 9:17 a.m. criticizing a Sunday story in The New York Times that said he watched cable news television for at least four hours a day.
The blast came just weeks after eight people died in New York when another man, also said to be inspired by the Islamic State, drove a rented truck onto a bike path near the World Trade Center.
Cuomo said at a news conference following the attack that New Yorkers should be alert but go about their lives.
“Let's go back to work,” he said. “”We're not going to allow them to disrupt us.”
Law enforcement officials work following an explosion on Monday near New York's Times Square. Police said a man with a pipe bomb strapped to his body set off the crude device in a passageway under 42nd Street between Seventh and Eighth Avenues. Law enforcement officials work following an explosion on Monday near New York's Times Square. Police said a man with a pipe bomb strapped to his body set off the crude device in a passageway under 42nd Street between Seventh and Eighth Avenues. Andres Kudacki | Associated Press
Fetty Wap has become a father for the seventh time, welcoming a son just two months after he welcomed a daughter with ex Alexis Skyy.
The 26-year-old rapper, whose real name is Willie Maxwell II, and the baby's mother Lezhae Zeona already share a daughter together, Zaviera Maxwell, who is almost 3.
Zeona shared a video of herself with her baby boy on Instagram Live which was captured by another social media account. She appeared to be in a hospital bed while her son was wrapped in a blue and white blanket as she kissed his forehead.
The rapper has not shared the news on any of his social media accounts at the time of publishing.
Want all the latest pregnancy and birth announcements, plus celebrity mom blogs? Click here to get those and more in the PEOPLE Babies newsletter.
The “Trap Queen” star also welcomed a daughter Alaiya Grace, who was born three months premature in January. The little girl remains in hospital.
As news broke about Fetty's newest addition, Skyy, gave fans shared a picture her daughter saying the countdown to her release is now on. The baby still requires help breathing and is using a feeding tube.
“I swear being your mother is the best thing that happen to me the countdown begins,” she wrote on Twitter
I swear being your mother is the best thing that happen to me 💗 the count down begins pic.twitter.com/PGTYDD5uN8 — alexis skyy 🦋 (@alexiis_skyy) March 20, 2018
For more coverage, follow our babies magazine on Flipboard.
In early January, Skyy confirmed her daughter had been born during her Instagram Story, showing a nano preemie diaper.
“Her little diaper,” she wrote. Developed with NICU nurses and neonatal therapists, nano preemie diapers are made explicitly for babies weighing less than two pounds and designed to protect fragile skin, while promoting healthy growth and development.
RELATED VIDEO: Fetty Wap and Alexis Skyy Welcome Daughter Alaiya
“My water did break,” Skyy said in an Instagram Live video from her hospital bed before Alaiya's birth, where Fetty Wap was present.
The new mom explained that both she and the rapper were “preemie” babies, telling the camera, “They're gonna have me in the hospital for a long time and I just pray that everything do good. She's okay, she's fine.”
Aside from his daughter with Skyy and the two children he shares with Zeona, Fetty has a son named Aydin Zoovier, 6, a daughter Khari Barbie, 2, who is just over a month older than his other daughter, Amani, and just a few months older than yet another daughter, Lauren.
MARIA STEIN – The Ansonia baseball team lost 9-2 to Marion Local on Monday in Maria Stein.
Marion Local jumped out to a 3-0 lead in the first inning and increased its advantage to 6-0 in the fourth inning. Ansonia scored both of its runs in the top of the fifth then Marion scored the game's final three runs in the bottom half of the inning.
Josh Heitkamp was 1-for-2 with a double, a walk and a RBI for Ansonia. Reece Stammen went 1-for-3 with two stolen bases and scored a run. Tyler Neal was 1-for-3, stole a base and scored a run. Aric Barga was 1-for-2 and drew a walk. Devyn Sink was 1-for-3.
Heitkamp pitched 1/3 of an inning for Ansonia, allowing three earned runs on no hits, two walks and three hit batters. Taylor Brewer went 3 2/3 innings, allowing three earned runs and three unearned runs on three hits, four walks and two strikeouts. Stammen pitched two scoreless innings, allowing one hit and two walks while striking out three.
Ansonia fell to 2-11 with Monday's loss.
Ex-DOH chief Esperanza Cabral and other doctors urge the DOJ to stop PAO's autopsies on 14 children who supposedly died due to Dengvaxia
Published 9:47 PM, February 03, 2018
MANILA, Philippines – A group of doctors, including former health secretary Esperanza Cabral, urged the Department of Justice (DOJ) to stop the Public Attorney's Office (PAO) from conducting autopsies on 14 children who supposedly died due to the controversial dengue vaccine Dengvaxia.
In a statement Saturday, February 3, the group Doctors for Public Welfare said it makes "no sense for any more families to be subjected to the torture of having a loved one exhumed and cut up, only to find out that no useful information was derived from the cruel act."
"We urge the Department of Justice to order the PAO to stop performing autopsies on these children, and to leave the matter of determining the cause of death to competent forensic pathologists," the doctors said.
The group issued the statement after forensic pathologists from the University of the Philippines-Philippine General Hospital (UP-PGH) presented their diagnosis on these deaths on Friday, February 2. (READ: 3 out of 14 kids died of dengue after Dengvaxia shot – UP-PGH panel)
Doctors for Public Welfare said that PAO's forensic consultant Dr Erwin Erfe was "wrong in practically all of the 14" cases.
They said that Erfe "may at the very best have been correct in only 1 of 14 of the cases, or 7%; and wrong in 13 of 14 or 93%. In actuality, he is probably wrong in all, given that any actual causative relationship between the death of the 1 child to the vaccine is yet to be determined."
Citing the UP-PGH pathologists' findings, the group said, "None of the deaths of the 14 children autopsied were proven to be due to Dengvaxia. In fact, the deaths of 13 of them were totally unrelated to the vaccine."
"It now appears that only one case might be causally associated with the vaccine. That is the one with dengue and with antibodies to dengue," they continued. "However, it has yet to be determined if the vaccine had anything to do with the death." (READ: DOH considers UP-PGH findings as primary 'evidence' on Dengvaxia)
Meanwhile, in two of the children who were examined, the group said: "It was noted that vaccine failure may have been the cause. This means that no antibodies were produced, and so they could not have suffered from an antibody enhanced reaction. This can happen when the vaccine is not stored properly, and so loses its potency. It's (as) though the children were never vaccinated."
Due to this, the group concluded the two children "most likely died of dengue, not due to the vaccine."
However, Department of Health (DOH) Undersecretary Enrique Domingo said in Friday's press briefing with the UP-PGH panel that the tissue samples of the said 3 cases still need to be studied further.
Cabral and other doctors expressed dismay over the "unsubstantiated" claims on the Dengvaxia vaccine and how it has "discouraged" parents from availing of other government immunization programs for their children. – Rappler.com
Crystal Palace manager Sam Allardyce has said his players needed time to embrace a more cautious approach but the emphasis on a strong defensive unit has been key to helping the side pull clear out of relegation zone.
Allardyce, who has developed a reputation as a survival specialist having never been relegated from the top flight, took over at Palace in December following a short-lived stint with the England national team.
With four points from his first eight games, Allardyce initially struggled to turn things around, but has now put his own stamp on Palace, having picked up five wins from last six games and kept four clean sheets in the process.
"It has a negative vibe about it sadly but is critical for all clubs in how successful they are going to be," Allardyce told the London Evening Standard.
"My message was if we stop the goals going in we will get out of trouble.
"That creates the opposite then. It creates more flair, more excitement, more goals and better results."
Palace is on course for a fifth consecutive top flight season and Allardyce said he wanted the club to restructure and kick on next term.
"There will always be my restructuring plan and the owner's restructuring plan, marrying that up together to move the club forward in a positive direction," the 62-year-old added.
"My responsibility is to pass on all of my experience, on and off the field, about how to improve a club. We will have some discussions once we are safe."
Palace, who are 16th in the league, host 11th-placed Leicester City on Saturday.
(Reporting by Hardik Vyas in Bengaluru)
Bath is known for its Roman-built baths, Georgian architecture and World Heritage status.
But while a lot of the city remains the same, there have been some massive changes.
There have been a few additions to the city in recent years and some key buildings have been modernised.
Do you recognise these 2008 to the present day images of the city?
1. James Street West
2. Bath College
3. The Gainsborough Hotel
4. Dorchester Street
5. Apex Hotel
6. SouthGate
7. Premier Inn, James Street West
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
LONDON Shorn of 16 men selected for the British and Irish Lions, England coach Eddie Jones on Thursday named 15 uncapped players in his 31-man squad for the two-test tour of Argentina in June.
Dylan Hartley, beaten to Lions selection by his England understudy Jamie George, will captain the side with support from experienced vice-captains Mike Brown, Danny Care and George Ford.
A core of other experienced players, including James Haskell, Joe Launchbury, Jonny May and former captain Chris Robshaw, are also included but overall there will be a very unfamiliar look to the squad when they assemble in London on May 29.
In the pack, props Will Collier and Harry Williams are included with second-row Nick Isiekwe and back-row forwards Sam Underhill as well as brothers Ben and Tom Curry.
In the backs, scrumhalf Jack Maunder receives his first senior call-up alongside flyhalf Piers Francis, backs Alex Lozowski and Harry Mallinder, centres Joe Marchant, and Sam James as well as wings Denny Solomona, Nathan Earle and Joe Cokanasiga.
Jones has made a number of enforced changes to the coaching set-up to compensate for Steve Borthwick's absence on the Lions tour. The Australian, a former hooker, will take responsibility of the forwards, supported by scrum coach Neal Hatley.
Defence coach Paul Gustard adds the line-out and kick-off to his coaching remit and former Australia back Glen Ella, who previously toured with England in Australia in 2016, will link up again as attack coach, supported by skills coach Rory Teague.
"We have picked the best squad we have available and we are looking forward to going to Argentina and winning 2-0," said Jones.
"There are a few new faces in the set-up so every training session and team meeting will count. "The Pumas are a physically aggressive side and they have become very good at playing unstructured rugby; we need to make sure we control the structural part of the game and our defence will play an absolutely crucial role."
England plays the first test in San Juan on June 10 and the second in Sante Fe a week later.
Forwards: Will Collier (Harlequins), Luke Cowan-Dickie (Exeter Chiefs), Ben Curry (Sale Sharks), Tom Curry (Sale Sharks), Charlie Ewels (Bath Rugby), Ellis Genge (Leicester Tigers), Dylan Hartley (captain, Northampton Saints),James Haskell (Wasps), Paul Hill (Northampton Saints), Nathan Hughes (Wasps), Nick Isiekwe (Saracens), Joe Launchbury (Wasps), Matt Mullan (Wasps), Chris Robshaw (Harlequins), Sam Underhill (Ospreys/Bath Rugby), Harry Williams (Exeter Chiefs), Tom Wood (Northampton Saints)
Backs: Mike Brown (vice-captain, Harlequins), Danny Care (vice captain, Harlequins), Joe Cokanasiga (London Irish), Nathan Earle (Saracens), George Ford (vice captain, Bath Rugby), Piers Francis (Auckland Blues/Northampton Saints), Sam James (Sale Sharks), Alex Lozowski (Saracens), Harry Mallinder (Northampton Saints), Joe Marchant (Harlequins), Jack Maunder (Exeter Chiefs), Jonny May (Gloucester Rugby), Henry Slade (Exeter Chiefs), Denny Solomona (Sale Sharks).
(Editing by: Amlan Chakraborty)
× Disharmony in the Peppas: Has VCU's famous band lost its spirit?
RICHMOND – In 2016, an article ran in The Washington Post that predicted the VCU pep band losing its heat when their director left; it was headlined: “VCU pep band could be a lot less spicy next season after director steps down.”
Nearly two years later, that prediction could not have been more spot-on, according to current and former members of the Peppas at Virginia Commonwealth University.
In on-the-record interviews and emails, at least three former Peppas and two current band members, as well as two members of the VCU Athletics administration and an assortment of fans and alumni, described an environment wrought with turmoil and unresolved issues.
“We are complete garbage,” said Nick Rivera, a VCU senior and a member of the Peppas the past four years. “We are not even a shadow of what we used to be … We have so much infighting, and we aren't united as a band.”
Ryan Kopacsi led the Peppas for 18 years before departing in the spring of 2016 after he and the university were unable to agree on a new contract. VCU then hired Duane Coston, the band director at Monticello High School in Charlottesville, as director of the Peppas.
Assistant Athletic Director Vaughan Moss admitted the transition has been far from smooth but asserted that students and the administration are on the same page.
“We had a very public and not-so-nice transition to the band director. We are proud to talk about how big and important the band is in the grand scheme of things,” Moss said. “When things are not going well, people are always trying to find something to blame it on. We all have the same goal – to provide a great atmosphere for our student-athletes and fans.”
VCU Athletics Director Ed McLaughlin dismissed the criticism directed at Coston.
“Duane has brought professionalism to the position and continued the tradition of the Peppas being one of the premier pep bands in the country. Based on overwhelming feedback I continue to receive from our Peppa Student Advisory Board, students in the band, donors and fans, the atmosphere surrounding the Peppas is very positive,” McLaughlin said in a statement.
“We have addressed questions and complaints that we have received. Some of them were misunderstandings, some were helpful in improving the experience of the students in the band and some were complete fabrications and exaggerations.”
Coston echoed McLaughlin's confidence in the band's direction.
“It is my privilege to work with a group of musicians as talented as The Peppas. It's my mission to support our members and continue to elevate the band. While a change in leadership typically requires a transition period, I'm proud of the way our students continue to represent this band with passion and class while providing an unbelievable game-day experience for VCU's student-athletes,” Coston said in a statement.
But according to Rivera and former Peppas members Jordan Davis, Samantha Silva and Will Anderson, the band has developed significant problems over the past two years. The three ex-members said they have quit or been “pushed out” of the band since Coston was hired.
“Duane was trying to make us this standard ‘band in a box,' which is not what we are at all. That's one of the reasons I left,” Davis said. “I didn't come here to be a band in a box; I joined it because it's outlandish and ridiculous. I wanted to be a Peppa, and everything being a Peppa meant. He stripped all that away.”
All four students said Coston had a lower energy level than Kopacsi. An overall loss of spirit, community and collective empathy has left the Peppas devoid of “pep,” Rivera said.
“We used to be a whole entity that could kind of get along … The band (is) focusing on the wrong things. It's not about me or them or Duane or even the music. All that will fall in line if we stop blindly hating each other,” Rivera said.
Silva and Anderson echoed Rivera's depiction of a band that may have lost not only its longtime director but, more importantly, its highly touted spirit.
“It's not about Duane, it's about the passion, it's about the feeling, it's about the rush, it's about the jumping, it's about the screaming,” Anderson said. “It's about actually caring until your face turns red with excitement – it's about the sweating. It has nothing to do with the fact that Duane isn't a good person – Ryan wasn't a perfect person. But he cared. If Duane had cared about the band, I would have kept going, no matter what. But he didn't care.”
Silva, Anderson, Rivera and Davis outlined a number of grievances concerning the band's direction under Coston including insensitive comments, inconsistent schedules and unrealistic expectations.
For example, all four independently cited a meeting in 2016 in which Coston referred to a former high school student who had publicly criticized his leadership as untrustworthy because “her mental health wasn't always there, and she was a cutter, so the things that she said may have been exaggerated.”
“That was the immediate thing that made me lose all respect (for) him,” Rivera said.
Coston and VCU Athletics were asked about that incident but declined to address it in their statements.
Silva, Anderson and Davis said Coston and VCU Athletics made a collective effort to excommunicate them because they complained. All three former Peppas said they were ostracized and barred from registering for classes because they hadn't turned in jerseys.
“I didn't really get a chance to leave or get kicked out. I couldn't make it to most of the fall events because I had night classes. At the time, Duane seemed understanding,” Silva said. “Then the first men's basketball game came around. I had to leave early, then never heard from the band again. I got taken off the email list. I tried contacting Duane in October and heard nothing back from him until May. All he said was I had to turn in my jersey.”
“Duane told me I'd literally have to go to everything if I wanted to go to men's basketball games,” Anderson said. “I'm a student; I'm not going to do that. I got to the point where I just said I guess I'm not in pep band anymore.”
“I was at the regular season home opener about seven minutes in – no one around me seemed to care what was going on in the game,” Davis said. “Duane didn't seem to care; he looked like he'd rather be anywhere else. I realized I wasn't having fun anymore, and I walked down the stairs, packed up my saxophone and never went back.”
Executive Associate Athletic Director Glenn Hoffman said Coston was hired as the obvious choice to succeed Kopacsi.
“After looking at resumes, it was a no-brainer for us to have Duane involved as our band director. Like any organization, especially after replacing someone who had done great things, there's always going to be some growing pains with the transition,” Hoffman said.
But Bobby Stepp, a four-year tuba player for the Peppas, said those growing pains have lingered.
“The heart & energy of the band is missing,” Stepp said in an email. “But the heart of the band wasn't Ryan, it was us.”
He said the most talented Peppas have grown disillusioned. “For me, the band has turned from something truly magical into just something interesting to do on the weekends,”
Rivera said he has remained in the band so younger students could experience a semblance of the energetic environment the Peppas were once known for.
“My freshman and sophomore year were wild; it was so much fun – so much movement, so much energy. You had a band who could transfer energy to the crowd and team. Something has just changed,” Rivera said.
“Everybody is not happy and screaming and having a genuinely good time … It's a hostile environment.”
By Zach Joachim/Capital News Service
Capital News Service is a flagship program of VCU's Robertson School of Media and Culture. Students participating in the program provide state government coverage for Virginia's community newspapers and other media outlets, under the supervision of Associate Professor Jeff South.
Nothing lasts forever. Hot brands in franchising don't stay hot forever. New brands are always entering the marketplace. New ideas for products and services are introduced every year. Some of these new franchise concepts end up succeeding–exploding even. Some of them fade away soon after they're launched. But, even the hot ones eventually lose their fire. Keep that fact in mind as you're searching for a franchise you'd like to own.
Picking the Winners
Too bad crystal balls don't really work. If they did, you could choose franchise concepts that were getting ready to go big. But, they don't, so you're left with doing good old-fashioned detective work to find then research franchise opportunities you hope will be a good fit and that you can be successful owning.
Goal-Setting
Before you begin taking a serious look at franchise opportunities, it's important to set some goals. If you don't, you'll find yourself clicking from one franchise opportunity website to another for hours on end-with nothing to show for your efforts except a sore wrist and tired eyes.
Ideas for Goals
I want you to decide on your own goals for a franchise you'd like to own. It's your life and your money. But, allow me to prime the pump a bit. Check out these 5 possible goals.
1. I want to own a franchise that allows me to have a lot of flexibility in my day.
2. I don't want to invest more than $200k in a franchise.
3. I want to own a franchise with a well-known brand.
4. I only want to buy a newer franchise concept so I can get in on the ground floor
5. I want a franchise that can serve as a family business-for my family.
Did I get you thinking?
Deciding When
Number #3 and #4 above may not be goals you had planned on having, but, they're important ones to consider. That's because you need to decide when you want to get in. In other words, would you like to have first dibs on a franchise location in your area? If so, you should look into younger franchise brands … franchise businesses that are up and running in other parts of the country-just not in yours.
Or, would you like to be the second or third franchisee in your local area? If so, that could mean that the “best” locations may already be spoken for. It may also mean that the residents living in your area already know of the brand; that could make it easier for you to get your new business up and running.
The Ebbs and Flows
If you know going in that all franchise brands experience ebbs and flows, you're already ahead of the game. You may end up buying a franchise that's considered an up and comer. Your timing could turn out to be perfect. If so, take advantage of your brand's popularity. Earn as much money as you can. But, make sure you put aside some of your earnings if possible, because business may not always be good.
Tip: Choose a franchise opportunity with an innovative executive team. A team that's not afraid of introducing new products/services to the marketplace. It's one way to try to limit the inevitable ebbs and flows that all brands experience.
Source: SBA
NEW YORK, March 31 J.P. Morgan on Friday downgraded its growth estimate on the U.S. economy in the first quarter on weaker-than-expected consumer spending data in February, but raised its outlook on economic growth in the second quarter due to an expected rebound in consumer spending.
The bank's economist Michael Feroli said in a research note he lowered his view on U.S. gross domestic product in the first quarter to 1.0 percent from 1.5 percent and raised his GDP estimate for the second quarter to 3.0 percent from 2.0 percent.
(Reporting by Richard Leong; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
WASHINGTON May 3 An expected proposal from moderate Republican Fred Upton to amend the party's healthcare overhaul plan is not likely a deal-breaker for conservative Freedom Caucus members in the U.S. House of Representatives, an aide to a caucus member said on Wednesday.
The comment from the aide, who asked not to be identified as negotiations are continuing, comes as House Republican leaders continued to seek enough support to vote and approve legislation to unwind the 2010 Affordable Care Act. (Reporting by Richard Cowan; Writing by Susan Heavey; Editing by Frances Kerry)
Incumbent Red Deer County Mayor Jim Wood is hoping to continue to grow the local economy.
“We are in an extremely strong financial position and have been able to maintain strong reserves with no tax increases in the last three years,” Wood said.
Wood explained that a strong, diversified economy with assets in agriculture, oil and gas and business—particularly on Gasoline Alley—has allowed the County to continue to grow without hindering the taxpayer
“That diversification helps us maintain low taxes throughout our County,” he said. “We are proud to keep our taxes at an affordable rate.”
Wood, who is proud that the County was able to become debt-free in the last term, said there is still lot of work to be done.
“I think we need to continue to ensure the economy is robust within the County,” he said. “We need to continue to provide the infrastructure necessary. We need to look into further refining of our oil and gas sector. We can see more growth at the airport and we are working right now on a waste energy project that we have not seen realized yet.
“We have a huge issue coming up, mandated by our province, to create agreements with every single municipality. That takes a lot of meetings and I am looking forward to meeting with all the mayors and councils from the other communities.”
Wood believes his experience with other municipalities in the region has been key to forging partnerships.
“We have been very successful at partnering with other municipalities,” he said. “We have a great relationship with all of the municipalities within our boundaries and neighboring us on all sides. I believe Red Deer County is looked upon as a leader in the province.”
Wood said one of the challenges in the County has been safety – something he hopes to continue advocating the province about.
“It is the responsibility of the province but policing is very important to our residents,” he said. “We need to continue to work on this avenue. We need to lobby our province to do what is necessary. Failing that, Red Deer County will have to do more things like dedicating a plain clothes police officer to look at crime within the region.”
Staying on top of infrastructure is also important to Wood and is something he feels the County has a solid footing on.
“What we do is that in times of high pricing, we continually put money into our reserve account,” he said.
“In times of low-pricing—like right now—where we are almost getting two roads done for the cost of one, we use the reserve we built and get twice as much done.
“There will be a time when the economy goes up again and than we will build our reserves back.”
Wood said the last council was able to achieve every one of their strategic goals and he looks forward to working with the next council.
“I want to make sure Red Deer County remains the best place in the world to live,” he said.
Wood believes he is the right person for the job of mayor and hopes his experience can continue to be an asset.
“My experience as mayor is extremely important,” he said.
“The leadership going forward in a municipality is critical to ensuring that we have a County with a vision going into the future. It is not always easy looking forward around what is good not just for today, but for our children and grandchildren.”
todd.vaughan@reddeerexpress.com
Like us on facebook at https://www.facebook.com/RedDeerExpress/ and follow us on Twitter at https://twitter.com/RedDeerExpress.
Tyrone 1-11 Dublin 2-13
All-Ireland champions Dublin launched an impressively complete raid on Omagh on Saturday evening. They rode out a lightning start by Tyrone and being reduced to 14 men when Niall Scully picked up a second red card in the 46th minute and still cruised home to win by five.
Mickey Harte's team didn't help themselves with a freight container of wides - 13 as opposed to the winners' two - and urgency eventually gave way to panic as Dublin pounced for a late goal by Eoghan O'Gara.
On a damp and wintery night in Healy Park, before 9,465 spectators, Tyrone got the chance to make amends for last August's All-Ireland semi-final wipe-out and showed every intention of doing just that in the first half. The home side fielded eight of the team from the championship whereas Dublin played 11.
Reversing last summer's painful precedent, it was the home side who struck for an early goal. Cathal McShane, who had kicked the first point of the match, broke forward onto Connor McAliskey's quick hand-pass and buried the ball behind Stephen Cluxton.
At half-time, leading by two, they probably felt that they could have been doing better. Despite looking lively and causing trouble for the Dublin full backs through Lee Brennan and McAliskey, their overall accuracy was poor and they shot six wides.
Tempers flare between the two teams. Photograph: Philip Magowan/Inpho
Brennan went on to have an impressive evening, his movement and accuracy leading the way for Tyrone, but it wasn't enough with so much malfunction elsewhere in attack.
The All-Ireland champions did what they usually do: refrained from panicking. Trailing by 1-1 to no score in a predictably claustrophobic match, they plugged away, picking up points here and there and striking for goal in the 22nd minute. Brian Fenton, who worked his way into the rhythm of things having found the sticky pitch a bit of a challenge early on, launched a free in on the Tyrone square.
Aidan McCrory was outfielded by Ciarán Kilkenny who fired the ball home to cut the deficit to a point, 1-3 to 1-4. It was an interesting turn by Kilkenny, who in his underage years was a full-forward line shooter before becoming the master of recycling and off-the-charts possession counts of more recent times and he kicked 1-2 in a productive evening.
Any home concerns that the interval lead might be insufficient weren't long in being substantiated. In the opening minutes of the second half, Dean Rock's free and points from the excellent James McCarthy, gliding up and down the pitch more or less at will, tied up the scores at 1-7 each.
Cluxton pulled down a high, dropping shot from Declan McClure to prevent Tyrone hitting the front and with that chance gone Dublin soon ensured that the Ulster champions would never lead again. Fenton, now in his stride, calmly put the visitors into the lead for the first time.
There was a possible way back for Tyrone after they had slid three behind. A spirited build-up from the kick-out saw them sweep down field and put McAliskey in on goal but Cluxton saved well to deflect the ball away to safety.
By now Tyrone were living the nightmare of watching shot after shot waved wide. Ironically when Niall Sludden eventually pinged a shot off the posts and over for a point, nearly 20 minutes after they had acquired a one-man advantage, the floodgates opened at the other end.
Tyrone's Michael McKernan challenges Dublin's Kevin McManamon. Photograph: Philip Magowan/Inpho
Replacement corner forward Colm Basquel brought added sharpness to Dublin's game and he managed three points after coming on in the final quarter. With the lead at 2-12 to 1-8, the final curtain fell. Niall Morgan's attempted 1-2 out of defence from a kick-out was intercepted by Basquel who laid on the scoring pass for O'Gara to bundle the ball home.
A disappointing night for Mickey Harte's team but Dublin march on from one of their tougher looking fixtures and already look like they mean business. Again.
Dublin: S Cluxton; P McMahon, M Fitzsimons, D Daly; J McCarthy (0-1), J Cooper, J Small; B Fenton (0-1), MD Macauley; N Scully, C Kilkenny (1-2), B Howard; K McManamon (0-2), P Mannion, D Rock (0-4, three fress). Subs: D Byrne for Small (46 mins), P Andrews for McManamon (52 mins), C Basquel (0-3, one free) for Mannion (61 mins), E O'Gara (1-0) for Rock (64 mins), S Carthy for McCarthy (68 mins), E Lowndes for Fenton (69 mins),
Tyrone: N Morgan; P Hampsey, C McCarron, HP McGeary; T McCann, A McCrory, C McLaughlin; M Donnelly, C McShane (1-1), D McClure; M Donnelly, N Sludden (0-1), R Donnelly; C McAliskey (0-2), L Brennan(0-6, three frees), P Harte (0-1). Subs: M McKernan for McGeary (22 mins), R McNamee for McCrory (half-time), C McCann for McClure (49 mins), R McNabb for McLaughlin (55 mins), F Burns for R Donnelly (55 mins), M Bradley for T McCann (62 mins).
Referee: Maurice Deegan (Laois).
CARACAS, March 31 Venezuela's chief prosecutor Luisa Ortega said on Friday that a move by the Supreme Court to take over the role of Congress had violated the constitution.
"It constitutes a rupture of the constitutional order. It's my obligation to express my great concern to the country," said Ortega, in an unusual break with the government line for someone who has been a key ally of the ruling Socialists. (Reporting by Liamar Ramos; Writing by Andrew Cawthorne; Editing by Girish Gupta and Chizu Nomiyama)
Just One More Thing...
We have sent you a verification email. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your AJC.com profile.
If you do not receive the verification message within a few minutes of signing up, please check your Spam or Junk folder.
Close
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
They may be former step-siblings, but Brody Jenner and the Kardashians aren't a tight-knit family.
“Brody was never very close to Kim, Kourtney, Khloé and Rob [Kardashian],” a source close to Brody, 34, tells PEOPLE.
“He didn't spend a lot of time with his dad when his dad married Kris, so he didn't see them as much,” the source adds about Brody's father, Caitlyn Jenner (formerly known as Bruce).
In addition to Brody, Caitlyn also shares Brandon, 36, with ex-wife Linda Thompson, and son Burt Jenner and daughter Cassandra Marino with ex-wife Chrystie Jenner.
WATCH: Brody Jenner Engaged to Girlfriend Kaitlynn Carter
Soon, Brody will tie the knot with his fiancée Kaitlynn Carter in Nihi, Sumba Island — but the KarJenner siblings will not be in attendance at the celebratory affair.
“Brandon and Brody have very different lives than Kendall and Kylie, and as much as they love them, they're not close,” the source says about the Hills alum's half-sisters Kendall and Kylie Jenner. “It's unfortunate.”
Brody recently told PEOPLE that Kendall and Kylie were invited to the wedding but did not RSVP.
“My two little sisters, we never even heard from them. They never even RSVP'd I don't think,” he said.
“We sent them an invite but we just never heard anything back,” the soon-to-be groom added. “Well, they'll be missed. I would have loved to have had them there.”
Brody Jenner/Instagram
“They're just not that close. They were a lot closer when the girls were younger and before the show blew up and things got so crazy for them,” says an insider, who notes that Kendall and Kylie may not have even received the invite if it was sent to their team.
“Initially, [Brody] was on [Keeping Up with the Kardashians], but then he didn't want to go in that direction, so they started spending less time together. But they do love him and Kendall's also supported him deejaying at events. There are no bad feelings on their end, but they've definitely grown apart over the years,” the insider adds.
Want to keep up on the latest from PEOPLE? Sign up for our daily newsletter to get our best stories of the day delivered straight to your inbox.
Caitlyn is also not attending the wedding — but there's no bad blood between the two.
Caitlyn, 68, “has work commitments that have been set up for months and couldn't be changed in the end,” said a source, who added that “everything is good” between the two and Caitlyn “will be throwing a big party for them when the newlyweds return to town.”
“Caitlyn and Linda both love Kaitlynn,” another source says. “They're so happy for Brody. Brody and Kaitlynn are just trying to focus on the positive and who is there to support them.”
Swansea City will look to exploit West Ham United's poor form in recent weeks when they visit the London Stadium on Saturday, manager Paul Clement said.
West Ham's 3-0 loss at Arsenal on Wednesday marked their fifth consecutive defeat as they dropped to 15th in the table, five points above the relegation zone.
Swansea have also been far off their best as Wednesday's 3-1 loss to Tottenham Hotspur extended their winless streak to four games and saw them drop into the relegation zone, two points adrift safety.
"We're in the bottom three and there are seven games to go, and West Ham are a team who have had their own troubles recently, so we have to go there believing we can get a result," Clement told British media.
"We need to get a result, especially in the next two games because the games are running out now."
Swansea have one win in their last five away games at West Ham and lost the reverse fixture 4-1 in December.
(Reporting by Aditi Prakash in Bengaluru; editing by Mark Heinrich)
If you have an email account and have used it to subscribe to literally anything, there's a good chance you've received anywhere from 3 to 300 "privacy policy updates" regarding the implementation of the EU's General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). In the spirit of service, ​Walter butchery in Salzburg, Austria got in on the action:
The translation, roughly (via Google Translate):
In our butchery, we sometimes ask your name and remember which meat is your favorite. If that is not right for you, upon entering the butchery say loudly: I DO NOT AGREE!! We will act in the future as if we do not know you.
You still might not want to know how the sausage gets made, but at least it won't contain your personal data.
[Via Twitter]
He is the brother of former Sandiganbayan justice Gregory Ong, who was dismissed by the Supreme Court over links with alleged 'pork barrel queen' Janet Lim-Napoles
Published 4:12 PM, December 11, 2017
MANILA, Philippines – President Rodrigo Duterte appointed to the Court of Appeals lawyer Walter Ong, brother of former Sandiganbayan justice Gregory Ong who was dismissed over links to pork barrel scam queen Janet Lim-Napoles.
The Supreme Court received his appointment letter on Monday, December 11, signed by Executive Secretary Salvador Medialdea.
JUST IN: President Duterte appoints Walter Ong to the Court of Appeals. He is the brother of former justice Gregory Ong, earlier dismissed for Napoles links. | via @lianbuan pic.twitter.com/fhXzi6v3dE — Rappler (@rapplerdotcom) December 11, 2017
Ong is a private practitioner who beat to the post 6 Regional Trial Court (RTC) judges. He is taking the vacancy left by Noel Tijam, now Associate Justice of the Supreme Court.
Before this appointment, he was also shortlisted for the anti-graft court Sandiganbayan, alongside 4 RTC judges and one private lawyer.
With Ong's appointment to the CA, the vacancy at the Sandiganbayan becomes a toss up among the 5 candidates, one of whom is Maryann Corpus-Mañalac.
Mañalac is the judge of Makati City RTC Branch 141 who issued to Sunvar Realty Development Corporation the notice to vacate the disputed Mile Long property in Makati. The notice to vacate effectively ejected Sunvar and its tenants. – Rappler.com
April 20 For details of the U.S. Treasury's auction of 2-year floating rate notes next week, see:
By Annie Reuter
Adele isn't the only artist who thinks Beyoncé should have won big at the 2017 GRAMMY Awards. Beyoncé's sister, Solange, has voiced her opinion on her sister's loss Sunday (February 12) in a since-deleted post on Twitter.
Related: Adele Thanks Beyoncé in Her Record, Album of the Year Speeches
“There have only been two black winners in the last twenty years for album of the year,” she wrote in a later deleted tweet. “There have been over 200 black artists who have performed.”
While there have actually been four black winners in the last two decades, her point still stands. African-American artists are often under-represented in the major awards category. Interestingly, three of those Album of the Year winners over the past 20 years were by women: Lauryn Hill for The Miseducation Of Lauryn Hill, Whitney Houston for the Bodyguard Soundtrack and Natalie Cole for Unforgettable… With Love.
Meek Mill will soon leave prison.
After spending nearly five months in jail following a controversial November ruling, the Philadelphia rapper, who received a sentence of two to four years in prison for violating probation, was granted bail on Tuesday by the Pennsylvania Supreme Court.
“I'd like to thank God, my family, my friends, my attorneys, my team at Roc Nation including JAY-Z, Desiree Perez, my good friend Michael Rubin, my fans, The Pennsylvania Supreme Court and all my public advocates for their love, support and encouragement during this difficult time,” the rapper, whose full name is Robert Rihmeek Williams, said in a statement obtained by CNN. “While the past five months have been a nightmare, the prayers, visits, calls, letters and rallies have helped me stay positive. To the Philadelphia District Attorney's office, I'm grateful for your commitment to justice — not only for my case, but for others that have been wrongfully jailed due to police misconduct.”
Related: Everything you need to know about #FreeMeekMill
Mill received a two-to-four year prison sentence in November for violating probation on a 2008 gun and drug case. (He was arrested after being involved in a fight and arrested again for popping wheelies on a dirt bike.) Judge Genece Brinkley cited a failed drug test and the rapper's noncompliance with a court order restricting his travel in her sentencing order.
Earlier this month, the Philadelphia district attorney's office recommended a new trial for Mill. But after a judge denied Mill bail, his plea was moved to the state's Supreme Court.
The case has sparked outrage from criminal justice reform activists. Mill received widespread support from notable artists and athletes, including Colin Kapernick, rappers T.I. and Rick Ross, New England Patirots owner Robert Kraft, comedian Kevin Hart and Philadelphia 76ers co-owner Michael Rubin.
Rubin told CNN he hopes to pick up Mill from prison on Tuesday evening.
Developing story…
Deadly teen crashes jump 14 percent; speed and nighttime driving are major factors
COLUMBUS, Ohio (May 30, 2018) – New AAA Foundation for Traffic Safety research shows an average of 10 people per day die in teen driver-related crashes during the “100 Deadliest Days”, the period between Memorial Day and Labor Day when teen driver crashes spike 14 percent compared to the rest of the year.
“The number of fatal crashes involving teen drivers during the summer is an important traffic safety concern, and research shows that young drivers are at greater risk and have higher crash rates compared to older and more experienced drivers,” said Dr. David Yang, AAA Foundation for Traffic Safety executive director.
In 2017, more than 12,000 Ohio teens were involved in crashes, and 38 died during the “100 Deadliest Days”, according to Ohio Department of Public Safety Crash Statistics. Nationwide, speed and nighttime driving are significant factors in teen driver crashes and fatalities.
• 29 percent of all motor vehicle deaths involving a teen driver were speed-related
• 36 percent of all motor vehicle fatalities involving teen drivers occurred between 9 p.m. and 5 a.m.
• In Ohio, the hours of 9 p.m. to midnight are especially dangerous for new teen drivers, as more than 85 percent of nighttime crashes involving 16- and 17-year-old drivers during the past five years occurred between those times.
• Data shows a 22 percent increase in the average number of nighttime crashes per day involving teen drivers during the 100 Deadliest Days, compared to the rest of the year.
Legislation to Keep Teens Safe:
Inexperience makes teens especially risky drivers, and often leads to deadly mistakes. HB 293, the “Young Driver Protection Bill,” sponsored by Reps. Gary Scherer (R) and Michael Sheehy (D), would make Ohio's roads safer by giving teen drivers more experience behind the wheel. The original bill proposed two small but important adjustments to Ohio's current licensing system:
• Lengthening the Temporary Instruction Permit phase from six to 12 months.
• Beginning supervised nighttime driving protections for novice teen drivers at 10 p.m., rather than midnight. (This is not a curfew – instead, supervised nighttime driving)
AAA is leading the Ohio GDL (Graduated Driver Licensing) coalition in support of this bill. Other supporters include The Ohio Parent Teachers Association (PTA), Ohio Association of Chiefs of Police, Ohio Health, the Ohio Public Health Association, Nationwide Insurance, State Farm Insurance, along with parents and teens that testified in favor of the bill.
The bill passed out of the Ohio House Transportation and Public Safety Committee in February and is awaiting a vote on the House floor.
Parental Involvement:
In preparation for the dangerous summer driving period, AAA also encourages parents to educate their teens and themselves about risky driving behaviors by:
• Discussing with teens early and often about the dangers of risky driving behaviors, including speeding and nighttime driving.
• Teaching by example and minimizing risky behaviors when driving
• Making a parent-teen driving agreement that sets family rules for teen drivers. Consider setting driving limits that are stronger than the state's current law, and enforce those limits.
“Through education, proper training, and involvement of parents, we can help our young drivers to become better and safer drivers, which in turn keeps the roads safer for everyone,” said Yang.
As North America's largest motoring and leisure travel organization, AAA provides more than 58 million members with travel-, insurance-, financial- and automotive-related services. Since its founding in 1902, the not-for-profit, fully tax-paying AAA has been a leader and advocate for the safety and security of all travelers. AAA clubs can be visited online at AAA.com.
http://www.sunburynews.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/48/2018/05/web1_teen-driver-stats.jpg
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
MODESTO, Calif. - Lisandra Corrales, 28, shot and killed her two sons, 6-year-old Pierre and 4-year-old Nathan Hurtado before shooting herself, police said. Neighbors expressed shock and never noticed any red flags.
"It's so close to home. It's very hurtful and scary at the same time," neighbor Arturo Arias told KTXL.
Arias said Corrales and her boys had lived at the home for about four months.
"I always saw them content, the mother, the father, the first time I met them. The children I only saw them twice but the times that I did see them they looked happy," Arias told KTXL. "We didn't notice anything strange about them. They were all content."
Arias said he didn't hear any commotion Sunday morning around 1:15, when police report a family member arrived at the home and found Corrales and the boys dead.
"Unfortunately not," Arias said. "If I would have I probably would have been more curious as to what's going on and if they needed some help try to get some help for them or anything."
Flowers and candles sit at the front door of the home. Now a quiet neighborhood is left wondering what signs they might have missed from their new neighbors.
"We all have the same questions. Why? What happened? What could we have done to deter that?" Arias said. "More friendly gatherings, something, because it really hit home, especially with the two children. Devastating. Very disturbing and sad."
Family members were at the home Monday loading items into trucks. KTXL spoke with the boys' father who did not want to speak on camera but he did say that he would want the boys to know that he misses them.
LOS ANGELES — UCLA guard Jaylen Hands has withdrawn his name from the NBA draft and will return to school for his sophomore season.
Hands joins guard Kris Wilkes in deciding to forgo the pro ranks to play a second season in college.
Hands averaged 9.9 points, 4.0 rebounds and 2.6 assists for the Bruins last season. The San Diego native started 15 of 31 games in which he appeared.
Coach Steve Alford said Wednesday that Hands will be a vital part of the Bruins' backcourt and he has room to grow and improve.
Anak ni Roi Vinzon pasok sa The Voice Teens, pinili si Bamboo By Ervin Santiago Bandera
PROUD na proud ang veteran action star na si Roy Vinzon sa kanyang dalagang anak na si Isabela Vinzon matapos itong makapasok sa Blind Auditions sa pagsisimula ng The Voice Teens last Sunday. Sina coach Bamboo at coach Sharon ang umikot para kay Isabela matapos niyang kantahin ang “Feeling Good” ni Nina Simone. Si Bamboo ang napili ng dalaga bilang coach niya. “Sinabi mo nga when you were speaking, gusto mo, ibang path. Ako, it's what I love to do, it's what I am. I have chosen nothing but music,” ang pagkumbinse ng rock icon sa anak ni Roi.
Recent Stories:
Complete stories on our Digital Edition newsstand for tablets, netbooks and mobile phones; 14-issue free trial. About to step out? Get breaking alerts on your mobile.phone. Text ON INQ BREAKING to 4467, for Globe, Smart and Sun subscribers in the Philippines.
Disclaimer: The comments uploaded on this site do not necessarily represent or reflect the views of management and owner of Bandera. We reserve the right to exclude comments that we deem to be inconsistent with our editorial standards.
To subscribe to the Philippine Daily Inquirer newspaper in the Philippines, call +63 2 896-6000 for Metro Manila and Metro Cebu or email your subscription request here.
From New York to New Mexico, July Fourth events will celebrate what Americans have in common.
Max Suzuki participates in Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in New York. (Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP)
Americans are marking Independence Day with parades, fireworks and, for some, a renewed sense of pride in their 242-year-old nation. For others, a sense of a United States divided weighs heavy on its quintessential holiday.
From New York to New Mexico, July Fourth events will celebrate what Americans have in common. Festivities are as elaborate as Macy's July Fourth fireworks show, as gulp-worthy as Nathan's Famous hot dog eating contest and as easygoing as backyard barbecues. But in a country roiled with debate over what it means to be an American, there are even competing televised Independence Day events in the nation's capital.
The country's longest-running live national July Fourth TV tradition — PBS' broadcast of music and fireworks from the U.S. Capitol's West Lawn — is facing new counterprogramming from the White House, which is hosting its own concert and view of the National Park Service's fireworks show. Both shows feature different “American Idol” alums.
First lady Melania Trump said in a statement that the White House show would allow Americans to “tune in from their homes and be part of the festivities.” PBS declined to comment.
In New York, the Macy's fireworks show over the East River promises 25 minutes of sparkle and “ahhhh,” plus the West Point Band and entertainers including Kelly Clarkson, Ricky Martin and Keith Urban on NBC's broadcast. Earlier, competitive-eating titans will face off at Nathan's Famous July Fourth hot dog eating contest on Coney Island, televised by ESPN.
Meanwhile, some communities in the American West have cancelled their planned July Fourth fireworks because of high wildfire danger, and some others are doing drone light displays instead of pyrotechnics. But fireworks shows will go ahead in such places as Denver and Colorado Springs.
In Boston, the Boston Pops Fireworks Spectacular features singer-songwriter Rachel Platten, the Indigo Girls, Rhiannon Giddens and Broadway legend Rita Moreno. It's televised on local station WHDH-TV and streamed on several sites.
Related: FBI arrest man in alleged July 4 attack plan in Cleveland
Related: Trudeau, NATO leaders gearing up for defence spending debate with Trump
In another July Fourth tradition, new U.S. citizens will be sworn in at locales around the country.
They'll pledge allegiance to a country where some people lament that the ability to debate respectfully the toughest issues of the day seems hopelessly lost. For Brad Messier, a chef in Portland, Maine, the holiday “seems to illustrate the glaring divides that we have.”
“How much does going and seeing fireworks really bring people together?” he asks.
But in rural Shelby County, Alabama, retired truck driver Floyd Champion views these as the best of times in America.
“I love the holiday because it's our independence,” he said.
Tomorrow, families across our Nation will gather to celebrate the Fourth of July. As we do, we will think of the men & women serving overseas at this very moment, far away from their families, protecting America – & we will thank GOD for blessing us with these incredible HEROES! pic.twitter.com/FQ1D7oEta2 — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 4, 2018
The Associated Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
PITTSBURGH — Chicago Cubs right-hander Yu Darvish has inflammation in his right triceps but no structural damage, and could start a throwing program as soon as the weekend.
Darvish, signed to a $126 million, six-year contract in February as a free agent, underwent an MRI on Tuesday in Chicago. The Cubs announced the results before playing the Pittsburgh Pirates on Wednesday night.
The Cubs also placed right-handed reliever Carl Edwards Jr. on the 10-day disabled list with right shoulder inflammation, and recalled right-hander Cory Mazzoni from Triple-A Iowa. Edwards felt discomfort in his shoulder Tuesday night after pitching one scoreless inning in an 8-6 victory over the Pirates.
Darvish got his first win with the Cubs in his previous start at Cincinnati on May 20, holding the Reds to one run and two hits in six innings. In eight starts, he is 1-3 with a 4.95 ERA.
Mac Belo scores 14 points in the final period against the Magnolia Hotshots but commits a crucial turnover down the stretch
Published 9:18 PM, February 02, 2018
MANILA, Philippines - Mac Belo could not help but blame himself despite almost steering the Blackwater Elite to a massive come-from-behind win against the heavily-favored Magnolia Hotshots.
The Elite trailed by as much as 18 points in the 3rd quarter, 34-52, before Belo took it upon himself to carry Blackwater back into the game, scoring the team's first 12 4th quarter points to close the gap to 64-70.
The Far Eastern University standout then knocked down back-to-back shots in the final two minutes, including a fadeaway jumper with 1:07 minutes left, to equalize the game at 72-all.
When it was time to tie the game again after Ian Sangalang put the Hotshots up 74-72, Belo, however, could not weave the same magic as he turned the ball over when he was forced to a backcourt violation by Sangalang.
“Kasalanan ko rin. Last possession na-turnover ko,” said the 24-year-old. “Well, akala ko tatawagan ng foul eh. Pero mali ko nga kasi masyado ako nagrelax. On my part, mental lapse.”
(It is my fault. It was the last possession and I turned it over. I thought he was going to foul me but I was wrong and I became relaxed. On my part, it was a mental lapse.)
Belo had a chance to redeem himself seconds later after Mike Digregorio stole the ball and ignited a fastbreak but instead of going for the layup, he dished it to teammate John Pinto, whose layup only hit the board. Magnolia ended up winning it 78-72.
“Kasi may situation na pwede na akong lumayup, pero mas pinili ko siyang ipasa. Medyo kinapos ‘yung tira ni Nard. Pero sabi naman ni coach, walang sisihan. Ano lang talaga, bad start. Tapos noong huli na kami nagrun. Mahirap talaga bumalik sa ganoon.”
(It was a situation that I could have gone with a layup but I chose to pass it up. Nard's (Pinto) shot fell short. But coach said we should not blame each other. It was a bad start and we came back late. It is hard to comeback from a deficit that big.)
Belo, who finished with 25 points, 6 rebounds and 6 steals, knows he can only learn and improve from his mistakes and help the Elite arrest their 4-game skid.
“Alam ko matututo ako sa ganoon.”
(I know that I can learn from those errors.)
Blackwater, which is at 11th place with a 2-5 slate, will face a tough task of coming back to its winning ways as it clashes with the San Miguel Beermen on February 9 at the Cuneta Astrodome. – Rappler.com
Darren Osborne, 48, from the Welsh capital Cardiff, is found guilty of murdering 51-year-old Makram Ali and trying to kill others in the Finsbury Park area of north London in the June 19 attack
Published 12:05 AM, February 03, 2018
LONDON, United Kingdom – A Briton who deliberately drove a van into a group of worshippers near a London mosque, killing one man, was on Friday sentenced to life in prison with a minimum 43-year term.
Darren Osborne, 48, from the Welsh capital Cardiff, was found guilty of murdering 51-year-old Makram Ali and trying to kill others in the Finsbury Park area of north London in the June 19 attack.
Passing sentence at a London court, judge Bobbie Cheema-Grubb told Osborne: "This was a terrorist attack. You intended to kill."
She added that he had been "rapidly radicalized" and that his "mindset became one of malevolent hatred".
"In short you allowed your mind to be poisoned by those who claimed to be leaders."
Ruzina Akhtar, daughter of Ali, told reporters that the family was "very pleased with the guilty verdict."
"He was such a peaceful and simple man, he had no bad thoughts for anyone," she said.
"We cannot imagine the trauma he felt in the last few minutes. He will never be forgotten."
Osborne, 48, became radicalized over a month last year after watching a television program about a child sex ring scandal involving a gang of mainly Muslim men in northern England.
Prime Minister Theresa May's office warned of the risks of right-wing extremism online, saying "the internet cannot be used as a safe space for terrorists or those who want to spread terrorist or extremist content.
"The prime minister has made clear that internet companies need to go further and faster in removing this sort of content from their websites," added the spokesman.
Former far-right leader Nigel Bromage called the attack "a sobering reminder that the threat from far-right extremism is no different from the Islamist threat.
"Both share a common desire to spread fear and divide society, ultimately two sides of the same coin," he added.
'You can kill me now'
Unemployed "loner" Osborne had pleaded not guilty, telling the court that a man called "Dave" was driving at the time – a claim police denounced as a fabrication.
Witnesses recalled Osborne saying: "I've done my job, you can kill me now" and "at least I had a proper go" in the immediate aftermath of the attack.
A handwritten note found in the van read: "Why are their terrorists on our streets today?
"Islam's ideology doesn't belong here and neither does sharia law."
After two weeks of evidence, the jury took one hour on Thursday to find him guilty.
Osborne had watched a BBC television drama which told the story of three victims of the child abuse ring, and quickly grew angry at what he deemed as inaction over the scandal, the court heard.
The May Manchester suicide bombing and the June London Bridge van attack and stabbing rampage further fuelled his obsession, the court was told.
Osborne began researching far-right material online, police said.
He then hired a van and drove to London intent on ploughing into a pro-Palestinian march, but was prevented from doing so by road closures.
Osborne then drove around London looking for a target before heading to Finsbury Park, where worshippers were leaving a mosque and an Islamic centre after Ramadan evening prayers.
The father of 4 had a history of depression and alcoholism and was living in a tent before the attack, which wounded 12 others, including two who sustained life-changing injuries.
He told his trial that he hoped to kill the leftist Labour opposition leader Jeremy Corbyn in the attack, as it would have been "one less terrorist off our streets", while killing Labour London Mayor Sadiq Khan as well "would have been like winning the lottery". – Rappler.com
By Scott T. Sterling
Music fans without tickets for this year's massive Austin City Limits festival fret not. The fest will be live streaming sets from a wide variety of bands all weekend long.
Related: Flea Shuts Down Red Hot Chili Peppers Retirement Rumors
Among the acts set to be featured on the live stream include Red Hot Chili Peppers, Gorillaz, Portugal. the Man, Danny Brown, Tove Lo, the Brothers Osborne, Ryan Adams and more.
Sadly, two of the biggest names on the bill—JAY-Z and the Killers—will not be a part of the live stream.
See the complete lineup and watch ACL 2017 below.
Friday, October 6
Channel 1
2:05pm — Asleep at the Wheel
3:10pm — Mutemath
4:15pm — Crystal Castles
5:15pm — Lukas Nelson & Promise of the Real
6:15pm — Royal Blood
7:20pm — Ryan Adams
8:30pm — Foster the People
Channel 2
2:05pm — MISSIO
3:05pm — Sandy (Alex G)
5:05pm — Andrew McMahon in the Wilderness
6:05pm — Hamilton Leithauser
7:05pm — Vulfpeck
8:05pm — The Revivalists
Saturday, October 7
Channel 1
2:05pm— MUNA
2:55pm — A$AP Ferg
4:00pm — Joseph
5:00pm — LIVE
6:05pm — Cut Copy
7:10pm — Spoon
8:15pm — Red Hot Chili Peppers
Channel 2
2:05pm — Welles
3:00pm — DREAMCAR
4:00pm — Benjamin Booker
5:05pm — Cody Jinks
6:05pm — Angel Olsen
7:05pm — Tove Lo
8:05pm — The Black Angels
Sunday, October 8
Channel 1
2:05pm — Middle Kids
3:15pm — Brothers Osborne
4:20pm — Milky Chance
5:25pm — The Growlers
6:30pm — Run the Jewels
7:35pm — Portugal.the Man
Channel 2
2:05pm — Amy Shark
2:50pm — Sam Dew
3:50pm — Danny Brown
4:50pm — D.R.A.M.
5:50pm — Louis the Child
6:50pm — First Aid Kit
7:50pm — The Head and the Heart
8:50pm — Gorillaz
SAN DIEGO (KUSI) — A proposal to reduce regulations on San Diego homeowners who want to build so-called "companion units" on their properties is scheduled to go before the City Council's Smart Growth and Land Use Committee Wednesday.
The prospective municipal code amendments are in response to state laws that took effect recently seeking to ease California's housing crunch. According to a city staff report, the proposal would conform with city regulations and the new state law, and go further with some extra incentives for homeowners.
The units, also termed "accessory dwelling units" or more commonly known as granny flats, could be conversions or additions to existing residences or garages, or an entirely new structure built on a property. Supporters tout their low cost, small environmental footprint, flexibility in an era in which family members come and go, and ability to generate rental income for homeowners who could be cash-strapped or on fixed incomes.
Under the proposed rules, companion units could be up to 1,200 square feet, but no more than half the size of the existing structure if attached to it and would not be subject to additional water or sewer fees.
Additional parking would not be required if certain conditions were met, including proximity to public transportation. The city also proposes to add a junior unit category, which sets rules for structures up to 500 square feet in size.
The city's Planning Commission gave its blessing to the regulations last month. The panel recommended a minimum 30-day rental period, that the main house be occupied by the owner and, to the extent legally possible, minimizing front yard parking, excessive hardscaping and extended curb cuts.
LONDON Charlotte Hogg, who offered her resignation as the Bank of England's deputy governor last month, will leave the bank at the end of this week, earlier than expected, The Telegraph newspaper has reported.
The Telegraph reported that Hogg had been expected to stay on for three months after writing a letter of resignation in March over her failure to declare a potential conflict of interest about her brother's role at Barclays Bank.
The Bank of England declined to make any official comment.
(Reporting by Elizabeth Piper; editing by Jason Neely)
Galway Bay fm newsroom – There are calls to prioritise a footbridge for Oughterard, as work begins on environmental reports to progress the longer-term road bridge plan.
It comes as Transport Infrastructure Ireland has sanctioned funding to progress a Natura Impact Statement and an Environmental Impact Assessment for a new roadbridge with associated pedestrain facilities.
The reports are required due to the presence of freshwater pearl mussel and other natural heritage in the Owenriff river.
Galway West Fianna Fail TD Eamon O'Cuiv says the wider roadbridge project will take some time due to the environmental complexities.
He's calling for a pedestrian bridge to be advanced in the meantime to address the serious safety hazard faced by pedestrians.
The Fianna Fail deputy says hundreds of school children cross the bridge on a daily basis on a structure which barely accommodates two passing cars.
He says the footbridge is needed in the short-term, as wider plans for a new roadbridge will carry a significant timeline.
From the Joppa-Magnolia Volunteer Fire Company:
A 911 call came in to the Harford County Emergency Operations Center on Friday, February 10, 2017, at 6:11 PM reporting a non-breathing, 16-year old female swimmer at Edgewood Middle School, 2415 Willoughby Beach Road in Edgewood.
Call information indicated that this was a result of a drowning. The 911 call taker promptly processed the call and one minute later the Joppa-Magnolia Volunteer Fire Company was alerted. A fire engine from the Hanson Road Station, Fort Hanson, and a paramedic unit from the Old Mountain Road South station responded. The fire engine, staffed by firefighters who are also trained as EMTs, arrived at 6:16 PM. The engine crew found a 16-year old swim team member who was out of the water and awake and talking. The crew was informed that she was competing in a swim-a-thon during a swim practice and did not surface. A teammate assisted the patient to the surface where another swimmer's parent removed her from the water. Bystander CPR was initiated by the rescuing parent and a Swim Team Coach.
Shortly thereafter, the patient was breathing. As a precaution, the patient was taken by JMVFC paramedic unit to the John's Hopkins Children Center in Baltimore. This is protocol following a near-drowning incident. She was released from the hospital the next day. It is believed that the swimmer suffered a shallow water blackout, which is a form of near-drowning. The Swim Team Coach is CPR certified. The parent is not CPR certified, but worked with the Coach to resuscitate the patient.
It is believed that the actions of the bystanders to initiate CPR prior to the arrival of the JMVFC undoubtedly helped save the swimmer's life.
The American Heart Association says, “when a person has a cardiac arrest, survival depends on immediately getting CPR from someone nearby. Almost 90 percent of people who suffer out-ofhospital cardiac arrests die. CPR, especially if performed in the first few minutes of cardiac arrest, can double or triple a person's chance of survival.” Although the JMVFC does not offer citizen CPR classes, our neighbor, the Abingdon Fire Company, does. For information on their CPR classes, visit https://www.abingdonfc.com/content/cpr/.
Shallow water blackout (SWB) prevention says, “although there are no hard statistics for SWB, it is estimated by a number of sources that SWB is responsible for up to 20% of all drownings.”
More information on shallow water blackouts can be found at http://www.shallowwaterblackoutprevention.org.
The family is requesting privacy. They have released a statement that is attached.
Family statement following the near drowning, shallow water blackout incident in Edgewood, MD on February 10, 2017.
We are incredibly grateful to the coaches, parents, swimmers and paramedics who all assisted our daughter. While everyone hopes that they never need to either receive or administer CPR, it was only because there were people trained in what to do and how to do it, that we have our daughter at home with us today. There are procedures and policies in place to deal with a life threatening incident at any school event. Everyone hopes that they never need to be used. In this instance, the training, policy and procedures worked exactly as they were supposed to and saved the life of our daughter. Furthermore, if our daughter who is an accomplished swimmer, had a
near drowning accident, we can only imagine how much more at risk of drowning the children of Edgewood and Joppa would be if the pools were to be closed and they lost their access to swim lessons. We would not wish the fear we felt with that phone call on any parent. Again, we are extremely grateful to the coaches and parents who retrieved her from the water and performed CPR on her when she was non-responsive. Had they not had that training instead of fixing our daughter breakfast the next morning, we may have been meeting with a funeral director. In addition, the paramedics who responded were professional and kind to both our daughter and our family during one of the most stressful incidents of our life.
A member of a Colorado group with “apocalyptic” beliefs has accepted a plea deal in connection with the deaths of two girls that group members are accused of intentionally abusing until they died, PEOPLE confirms.
The children — 8-year-old Hannah Marshall and 10-year-old Makayla Roberts — were found mummified in a car on Frederick “Alec” Blair's marijuana farm in 2017.
Hannah and Makayla were forced to live inside the vehicle without food or water and were victims of the religious beliefs of the small group, which included their mom, investigators have said, according to the Grand Junction Daily Sentinel.
“It was an apocalyptic kind of thing,” a source with knowledge of the case previously told PEOPLE of the group.
“They are guided by their dreams,” the source said, describing the group's beliefs. “They will stay some place until they have a dream and then they go someplace else. They think they can heal people.”
Blair was originally charged with being an accessory to a crime and two counts of child abuse resulting in the deaths of both girls. Their remains were discovered in the backseat of the car on Blair's farm near Norwood, about 30 miles west of Telluride, on Sept. 8.
Due to extreme decomposition, it is unclear how Hannah and Makayla died — whether from dehydration, heat or starvation.
• Want to keep up with the latest crime coverage? Click here to get breaking crime news, ongoing trial coverage and details of intriguing unsolved cases in the True Crime Newsletter.
Under his plea agreement last week, Blair admitted being an accessory, a class-four felony, and the child abuse charges against him were dropped. Prosecutors say he has agreed to cooperate against the remaining suspects in the case.
Blair is scheduled to be sentenced on Sept. 27 and faces up to 12 years in prison, a prosecutor's spokesperson says. He remains in custody in lieu of $125,000 bond.
Speaking with PEOPLE, his attorney, Kristen Hindman, described how Blair “changed profoundly” under the “coercive” influence of the group, transforming from “a very congenial sort of happy person who would really give the shirt off his back to anyone to someone who completely cut off all ties to his family and friends and the community.”
“He burned his possessions. He tried to kill his most beloved possession, which was his dog, at the direction of the [group's] leaders and it ultimately led to this tragedy where he rendered assistance in covering up the deaths of these children,” Hindman said.
Also charged in connection with the case were Madani Ceus, the group's alleged leader; Nashika Bramble, the mother of the two girls; Ashford Nathaniel Archer, Ceus' partner; and Ika Eden, another group member.
Bramble and Ceus are charged with two counts of first-degree murder and two counts of child abuse resulting in death. Archer and Eden each face two counts of child abuse resulting in death, and Archer is also charged with one count of being an accessory to a crime.
All four are slated to go to trial by December and have pleaded not guilty. None of their attorneys could be reached for comment by PEOPLE this week.
From left: Frederick Blair and Madani Ceus San Miguel Sheriff's Office
‘A Reign of Terror'
Before Hannah and Makayla died, they lived as two of the youngest members of an itinerant group led by Archer and Ceus who, over the course of two years, moved across dozens of states before landing in Colorado.
Archer and Ceus remain mysterious figures, including how they met, though they reportedly began gaining followers in 2015.
This account of the group's activities and the specific events before the two girls died is according to a lengthy series published by the Daily Sentinel in January. For its reporting the paper cited court testimony and court documents among other sources.
(Prosecutors declined to comment to PEOPLE on the newspaper's account and local investigators did not return messages seeking comment.)
Authorities reportedly said Ceus, Bramble, Archer and Eden were staying in Grand Junction before relocating to Norwood. There they met Blair at a gas station in May 2017 and began living in their cars, makeshift huts and tents on Blair's farm.
Ashford Archer San Miguel Sheriff's Office
The group believed last year's solar eclipse in the U.S. would mark the apocalypse, bringing days of darkness, during which time they would be transported to another dimension via a “light body,” San Miguel County Sheriff Bill Masters alleged in January.
According to the Daily Sentinel, Blair was interviewed by authorities and gave a detailed description of events the summer before Hannah and Makayla's deaths.
Ceus — having, one defense attorney claimed, “engaged in a reign of terror” and threatened others with “abomination” after a member of the group was exiled — allegedly declared that Makayla was a danger to the group and was a “harlot” in a previous life, Masters said.
“It started with identifying Makayla as being evil,” he testified at a January hearing. “So the first step was she was not allowed to play with the other children.”
Makayla was allegedly made to live in a Toyota Camry on the property so she that wouldn't purportedly infect the group, Masters said. In late July, she was eventually refused food and water because Ceus considered the food sacred.
As Makayla was kept captive, Masters said, Blair was “shocked” to learn that another girl whom he had never seen had been living in the Camry since they moved onto his property: It was Hannah, Makayla's little sister and Bramble's other daughter.
Nashika Bramble (left) and Ika Eden San Miguel Sheriff's Office
Leader Described Victims as ‘The Death of Us All'
The group allegedly deprived both girls of food and water, Masters said, and prepared for the solar eclipse on Aug. 21. Members were forbidden to interact with the car or with the children inside, though the vehicle was still unlocked.
“Ms. Ceus said, ‘These girls will be the death of us all,' ” Masters testified.
Blair told police that in mid-August, Bramble went to check on her daughters and discovered they were dead, after which Ceus allegedly instructed some of the group's members to “cover the car with a tarp,” according to a sheriff's deputy's testimony. The vehicle's doors were also taped shut.
On Aug. 21, when the foretold apocalypse did not occur along with the eclipse, Ceus allegedly blamed “other family members for not being pure enough,” Masters said.
She is further accused of ordering both Blair's dog and then Bramble to be denied food and water.
“Ms. Ceus confronted Bramble stating that she had been an evil person in her past life and that she hadn't done enough to try to get rid of all this evilness that she was carrying around with her,” Masters testified.
Allegedly banished to a vehicle, Bramble soon fled Blair's farm back to Grand Junction, according to authorities.
“According to Blair, Nashika sees the writing on the wall, if you will, and believes that she's going to be the next person sent to abomination,” Masters said.
Blair's stepfather previously told PEOPLE that in late August or early September, the family got a call from a friend of Blair's who had stopped by his property and saw that Blair's dog was malnourished.
Blair's father, alerted by his mother, drove from Texas to his son's farm where he called law enforcement.
Authorities subsequently discovered the girls' bodies still in the Camry — with a diary nearby, whose contents have reportedly not been made public — and then arrested Ceus, Archer, Blair and Eden on Sept. 8. Bramble turned herself in in Grand Junction the next day.
“They were the sweetest, genuine loving girls, always hugging me, always just giving me affection,” one former member of the group told the Daily Sentinel of Hannah and Makayla. “Those girls did not deserve it.”
Code white alert means the personnel of medical hospitals and municipal health offices are ready to provide the necessary health services
Published 10:18 AM, April 25, 2018
AKLAN, Philippines – Aklan's provincial health office has placed all private and public hospitals as well as other government health facilities in the province under code white alert from April 23 to May 15.
The declaration is part of a contingency plan to quickly respond to emergencies during the Boracay closure and other activities such as Aklan Day on April 25, Labor Day on May 1, and the barangay and Sangguniang Kabataan elections on May 14.
Code white alert means the personnel of medical hospitals and municipal health offices are ready to provide the necessary health services.
An advisory released by the provincial health office on April 20 said that "human resources must be present and all health units are enjoined to be vigilant and to send flash reports of any untoward incidents to [the provincial health office]."
Dr Victor Santamaria, provincial health officer, said under code white alert, health personnel will provide emergency medical services, receive patients at staging areas, and prepare patients for evacuation and mobilization to the nearest hospital.
"Hospitals should be ready to accept patients especially of mass casualty incidents upon their capabilities," he added.
Meanwhile, Galo Ibardolaza, executive officer of the Aklan Provincial Disaster Risk Reduction and Management Office, said some 320 hired local workers from 16 municipalities will join a vehicle convoy from Kalibo to Caticlan on Thursday, April 26.
They will help with the rehabilitation efforts in Boracay Island for 10 days, Ibardolaza added. – Rappler.com
QUITE THE TRIP Voyager 2 Left Earth 40 Years Ago And It's Mindbogglingly Far Away From Us Now
It's easy to think about a satellite traveling over 30,000 miles per hour and go "yeah, must be really far away." Putting it in a human scale? That changes everything.
SHELBURNE, Ont. — Police west of Toronto say a suspect in the death of a 30-year-old woman from Brampton, Ont., has been found dead.
Peel Regional Police say 46-year-old Nicholas Anthony Young was found dead in Shelburne, Ont., on Friday.
They say his death has been deemed not suspicious.
Young was the subject of a Canada-wide warrant for second-degree murder in the death of Hoden Said, whose body was found in a home in Brampton last Saturday.
Pastoral Center head of security Frank Mendes is pictured with the Lombardi Trophy following the Patriot's Super Bowl XXXVI victory in 2001. Mendes was the head of team security for the Patriots from 1990 to 2003. Pilot photo/courtesy Frank Mendes
Related Reading Prelates' friendly Super Bowl wager will benefit poor whoever wins game
BRAINTREE -- Frank Mendes places a three-ring binder on the table and starts to flip through the pages. It's thick and he turns the pages carefully, but even so he goes through the binder quickly, like it's something he's paged through hundreds of times.
Photos and newspaper clippings make up almost each page, and he lists the people in the photos: Ben Coates, Curtis Martin, Troy Brown, Tedy Bruschi, Drew Bledsoe, Bill Parcells, Robert Kraft, Pete Carol -- they're almost all former members of the New England Patriots, and they're almost all standing next to Mendes in the photos.
To Mendes, the binder isn't a fan book, or a collector's album. To Mendes, the binder is a collection of memories, of friends, representing his 13 years as the director of Team Security for the Patriots.
Today, he's the director of Building Services for the Pastoral Center, the Archdiocese of Boston's Braintree headquarters.
Mendes' career in security started decades ago, when he was a Massachusetts state trooper. Speaking to The Pilot Jan. 29, he said he was stationed mostly in Foxborough, near the old Foxboro Stadium, the predecessor of Gillette Stadium which opened in 2002.
He worked numerous details at the stadium, first with traffic, then at the players' gate, and then helping to escort visiting teams.
After years of details, a position for director of Team Security opened up with the Patriots. "Out of the clear blue," Mendes said, they asked him if he wanted the job.
"They all knew me, because I had been around there so many years," he said. "So, of course I said yes."
That was in 1990, and Mendes had already had 20 years of experience as a state trooper. For the next 10 years, until 2000, he said he continued to work as a state trooper in addition to being director of Team Security. To put it bluntly, "it was hectic," he said.
During the season, Mendes would travel with the team, doing "bed checks at the hotel, basically just team security. Some might call it babysitting," he said, laughing.
Mendes went to two Super Bowls with the team -- Super Bowl XXXI, during the 1996 season, and Super Bowl XXXVI, during the 2001 season.
The Patriots lost the first and won the second, but both, for Mendes, were incredibly hectic.
"You're keeping the team on one floor, or try to keep them on one floor of a hotel, trying to keep people off of that floor," he said.
"They weren't allowed to have friends, wives; nobody went on the players' floor. If they wanted to meet them, they met them in the lobby or on another part of the hotel. No one without credentials was allowed on the players' floor," he continued.
That goes on for a whole week, he said. During that time, the team has practice, press conferences, and interviews. "Everything's timed."
During the two Super Bowls he was with the team, on the night before the big game, the team "changed hotels, tried to eliminate any distractions," he said. "Actually, people didn't really know where we went. I imagine most people thought we were still there."
After both Super Bowls, the team held a party, even after the loss of Super Bowl XXXI. But, the party had already been planned and paid for, so it went on. People there "were not that happy," he said.
Of course, that was different after the win against the St. Louis Rams in Super Bowl XXXVI. Everyone was tired, he said, and for him, the party seemed to go on "forever," but everyone was happy, too. They all had to fly back to Massachusetts the morning after the game and during the drive from Logan Airport in Boston to Foxboro, "every single bridge... was full of people."
"Cars along the breakdown lane, people standing outside, almost for the whole route. It was really, really amazing," said Mendes. "I've never seen such a celebration by the fans. It still boggles my mind to think of it."
Mendes left the franchise in 2003, but he said he keeps up some of his connections with former players and coaches, saying he recently saw former Patriots quarterback Drew Bledsoe.
He has the binder of photos and memories he made, and he has another memento, too -- a Super Bowl XXXVI ring.
Mendes said he wears it most days, because he's "proud to have it." It's essentially the same ring the players received, he said, but instead of having a player number of the side, his says "Staff."
People "always" comment on it, he said, and most of the time they ask him where he got it.
"Cracker Jacks," is his standard answer.
He's excited about Super Bowl LII on Feb. 4, when the Patriots will play the Philadelphia Eagles in Minneapolis, Minnesota. He keeps up with the games, he said, and actually prefers to watch them alone, rather than at a party or gathering, so he can concentrate fully on the game.
When asked if he has any thoughts about how the game will go, Mendes simply said with games like these, "You gotta have a little bit of luck, and you can't make mistakes."
April 28 Fujitsu Ltd
* Says it will sell 1.9 million shares of unit FUJITSU TEN LIMITED. to DENSO Corporation , for 16.51 billion yen
* Says it will decrease voting power in FUJITSU TEN LIMITED. to 14 percent (644,000 shares) from 55 percent (2.5 million shares)
* Says transaction effective Oct. 2
Source text in Japanese:goo.gl/LNiaeQ
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
HSBC to keep best lending rate at 5 pct in Hong Kong
HONG KONG, June 15 HSBC Holdings Plc will maintain its best lending rate at 5 percent in Hong Kong, the bank said on Thursday, after the territory's defacto central bank raised its discount window base rate.
Mar 22, 2017; Austin, TX, USA; Jordan Spieth of the United States plays against Hideto Tanihara of Japan during the first round of the World Golf Classic - Dell Match Play golf tournament at Austin Country Club. Mandatory Credit: Erich Schlegel-USA TODAY Sports
Mar 26, 2017; Austin, TX, USA; Dustin Johnson of the United States plays against Jon Rahm of Spain during the final round of the World Golf Classic - Dell Match Play golf tournament at Austin Country Club. Mandatory Credit: Erich Schlegel-USA TODAY Sports
World number one Dustin Johnson is playing the "best golf in the world" and will start as the favourite to win the Masters next month, Jordan Spieth has said ahead of Thursday's Houston Open.
Johnson maintained his impressive form by winning the WGC-Dell Match Play in Austin last weekend to mark his third victory in as many starts in 2017.
Spieth, who has a victory and two runner-up finishes at Augusta in the last three years, said he would have to be on top form to defeat Johnson at the first major of year, which starts on April 6.
"I think Dustin Johnson is the guy to beat in golf no matter where you are," Spieth said at a news conference on Wednesday.
"If I play my best golf, I believe that I can take down anybody, and you have to believe that.
"But I think that he is the guy that everyone is saying he's playing the best golf in the world right now.
"Major championships have huge weight and I'm not focussed on trying to win majors to get to number one any more," the 23-year-old added.
"So, that side of things, getting number one isn't the pressure that I feel, but that's the only way to really take big strides towards him because I don't think he's letting up any time soon."
(Reporting by Hardik Vyas in Bengaluru; Editing by Peter Rutherford)
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Concerned about Russia's growing tactical nuclear weapons, the United States will expand its nuclear capabilities, a policy document released on Friday said, a move some critics say could increase the risk of miscalculation between the two countries.
It represents the latest sign of hardening resolve by President Donald Trump's administration to address challenges from Russia, at the same time he is pushing for improved ties with Moscow to rein in a nuclear North Korea.
The focus on Russia is in line with the Pentagon shifting priorities from the fight against Islamist militants to “great power competition” with Moscow and Beijing.
“Our strategy will ensure Russia understands that any use of nuclear weapons, however limited, is unacceptable,” the document, known as the Nuclear Posture Review, said.
The rationale for building up new nuclear capabilities, U.S. officials said, is that Russia currently perceives the United States' nuclear posture and capabilities as inadequate.
Russia's Foreign Ministry said in a statement on Saturday it was very disappointed by the content of the document, which, it said, has a confrontational feel and anti-Russian orientation.
“We, of course, will have to take into account the approach enacted now in Washington and to take the needed measures to secure our own safety,” the ministry said.
It denied accusations against Russia made in the U.S. document.
The ministry added that Russia was ready to work constructively with the Americans.
By expanding its own low-yield nuclear capability, the United States would deter Russia from using nuclear weapons, U.S. officials argue.
Low-yield nuclear weapons, while still devastating, have a strength of less than 20 kilotons. The atomic bomb dropped on Hiroshima had about the same explosive power.
The argument for these weapons is that larger nuclear bombs are so catastrophic that they would never be used and do not work as an effective deterrent. With less power and destruction, the low-yield option would potentially be more likely to be used, serving as an effective deterrent.
The Pentagon document, which is largely in line with the previous review in 2010, said the United States will modify a small number of submarine-launched ballistic missile warheads with low-yield options.
LONG TERM
A US Air Force missile maintenance team removes the upper section of an intercontinental ballistic missile with a nuclear warhead in an undated USAF photo at Malmstrom Air Force Base, Montana. Reviews of the U.S. nuclear arsenal show significant changes are needed to ensure the security and effectiveness of the force, a Defense Department report said November 14, 2014. REUTERS/USAF/Airman John Parie/handout via Reuters
In the long term, the U.S. military will also develop a new nuclear-armed sea-launched cruise missile. The missile could have the less powerful option, but a decision has not been made, and will take up to a decade to develop, officials said.
Greg Weaver, deputy director of strategic capabilities at the Pentagon, said the United States would be willing to limit developing the missile if Russia would “redress the imbalance in non-strategic nuclear forces”.
Weaver said the most difficult task for those working on the review was trying to address the gap between Russian and American non-strategic nuclear weapons.
Russia has a stockpile of 2,000 non-strategic nuclear weapons, according to the Pentagon. The U.S. has a few hundred active low-yield weapons deployed in Europe.
FILE PHOTO: National flags of Russia and the U.S. fly at Vnukovo International Airport in Moscow, Russia April 11, 2017. REUTERS/Maxim Shemetov
The U.S. State Department said it had briefed Russian and Chinese officials on the review.
U.S. officials argue that since the last nuclear review, Russia has expanded and modernized its non-strategic nuclear weapons, annexed Crimea in 2014, and deployed a ground-launched cruise missile that breaches the 1987 Intermediate-range Nuclear Forces (INF) treaty. The treaty bans testing and fielding missiles with ranges of 500-5,500 km (310-3,417 miles). The report also, for the first time publicly, said Russia was developing a hypersonic, nuclear-powered undersea torpedo.
“The U.S. is not arms racing, we are responding to Russian initiative here,” Weaver said.
Some experts have questioned the expansion.
Jon Wolfsthal, a former top advisor to President Barack Obama on arms control, said there was a possibility that it could lead to a miscalculation.
“If we put nuclear weapons on cruise missiles and we launch conventional cruise missiles, how does Russia know that they are conventional?” he said.
The review called for continuing the B-83 bomb, the largest nuclear weapon in the U.S. stockpile, until a replacement is found, reversing plans to retire i
The document argues that by developing U.S. nuclear responses, it raises the Russian threshold for using the weapons, rather than lowering the U.S. threshold.
Kingston Reif, director for disarmament research at the Arms Control Association advocacy group, said the document could bolster a new kind of arms race.
“It's not an arms race in terms of numbers like during the Cold War, but is an arms race that involves more than just the United States and Russia and it involves upgrading and improving the capability of existing nuclear forces,” Reif said.
BEIJING China's insurance regulator said on Sunday it will ramp up its supervision of insurance companies to make sure they comply with tighter risk controls and threatened to investigate executives who flout rules aimed at rooting out risk-taking.
The China Insurance Regulatory Commission said in a notice on its website it had told companies to strengthen controls in 10 areas, including liquidity risk and capital management, and implement 39 measures to stamp out risky investments and behaviour.
It did not specify what those 39 requirements are.
The statement is another show of resolve by Beijing in its latest efforts to tackle risk in the financial system in the world's second-largest economy. On Thursday, the regulator called on insurers to strengthen supervision of investment activity and correct market disorder.
Some insurers have taken sizeable stakes in market-listed companies in recent years, often funded by the issuance of high-yield, short-term universal life insurance and other investment products.
(Reporting by Josephine Mason and Yawen Chen; Eding by Paul Tait)
'CALM DOWN, BUDDY' Elephant Has Had Enough Of These Tourists, Nearly Flips Their Bus
To be fair, if someone kept driving through your living room with a bunch of gawking tourists, you'd probably get angry too.
One day after news broke that Selena Gomez recently sought treatment in New York City for depression and anxiety, the star stepped out Friday in Los Angeles looking happy and healthy.
Wearing vintage overalls, the singer, 25, met up with friends at Mexican restaurant Casa Vega in Los Angeles for lunch.
On Thursday, a source close to Gomez confirmed she completed a two-week treatment program after feeling “like she needed to get away and focus on herself with no distractions.”
The entertainer reportedly stayed on-site at the center and underwent therapy, ate healthy meals and took Pilates and meditation sessions.
“She came back feeling very empowered,” said the source. “She feels and looks great. She's still working on new music and is excited about it.”
Gomez is still going strong with on-again beau Justin Bieber, 23, who the source says has been supportive of her decision to focus on her emotional health.
RELATED VIDEO: Selena Gomez Visits Childhood Home and Wonders If It ‘Could Have Been Better Than My Life Today'
In 2016, she also stepped away from the spotlight and sought professional treatment after suffering from “anxiety, panic attacks and depression” as side effects of her lupus.
Gomez — who underwent a kidney transplant with an organ donated by her longtime friend Francia Raisa last summer — has gotten increasingly candid about her struggles with mental health and the challenges she's faced growing up in the spotlight.
In her first public appearance after her career break, Gomez got emotional onstage at the American Music Awards when thanking her fans for their unwavering support.
“I think it's safe to say that all of you know my life whether I like it or not. I had to stop because I had everything and I was absolutely broken inside,” she told the audience. “I kept it all together enough to where I would never let you down but I kept it too much together to where I let myself down. If you are broken, you do not have to stay broken.”
LONDON Sterling slipped against the dollar after a choppy day of trading on Wednesday, receiving no clear direction from Britain's formal triggering of its exit from the European Union.
Prime Minister Theresa May began Britain's divorce procedure from the EU earlier in the day, declaring there was no turning back and ushering in a tortuous process that will test the bloc's cohesion and pitch her country into the unknown.
The pound had touched an eight-day low of $1.2377 in Asian trading, before bouncing back to trade as high as $1.2478 after the confirmation that the EU's Article 50 - which kickstarts two years of negotiations between Britain and the bloc - had been triggered.
By 1550 GMT, though, sterling had slipped back to $1.2403, leaving it down a third of a percent on the day and in the middle of the $1.20-$1.28 range it has broadly traded in over the past six months.
"I think we'll continue to trade sideways until we get greater clarity on the European Union's negotiating stance," said Société Générale currency strategist Alvin Tan.
May's six-page Brexit letter to European Council President Donald Tusk set a positive tone for the approaching talks, though it admitted that reaching a comprehensive Brexit agreement within two years would be a challenge.
Within 48 hours, Tusk will send the 27 other EU member states draft negotiating guidelines and they will later meet in Brussels to discuss the situation.
Tusk told reporters on Wednesday that the EU's goal was to minimise the costs for EU citizens, businesses and member states, whose leaders should adopt the negotiating proposals on April 29.
"The triggering of Article 50 was well anticipated, but the fact negotiations are now live means financial markets may become more vulnerable to commentary from European and/or UK officials as to how well - or poorly - the initial discussions are going," said Michael Metcalfe, global head of macro strategy for State Street Global Markets.
"Headline risk is back, if it ever really went away."
NEGOTIATIONS EYED
Britain's blue-chip FTSE 100 stock index - most of whose components get their earnings in foreign currencies - gained 0.4 percent as sterling fell.
Most analysts said the key driver for sterling over the coming months would be how negotiations with the EU play out, and the health of the British economy going forward.
The head of global bonds at the world's largest asset manager, BlackRock, said on Wednesday that he remains invested in the British pound, though he has concerns over the timeline for Brexit negotiations.
Sterling had hit an eight-week high at the start of this week as investors unwound record-high short positions against the currency, and brought forward their expectations for when the Bank of England might begin to tighten monetary policy amid rapidly accelerating inflation in Britain. "Given the positioning, our bias would still be toward a stronger pound over the coming weeks," said Derek Halpenny, MUFG's European head of global markets research in London.
Against a weaker euro, the pound rose 0.3 percent to 86.60 pence, having earlier hit a 12-day low of 87.35 pence. The euro dropped sharply after sources told Reuters that European Central Bank policymakers are wary of making any new change to their policy message in April.
(Editing by Mark Heinrich)
Tennis - Fed Cup World Cup Group II play-off - Romania v Britain - Constanta, Romania - 23/04/17 - Irina Begu celebrates with the Romanian team the win against Britain's team. Inquam Photos/Bogdan Chesaruvia REUTERS
Romania Fed Cup captain Ilie Nastase was provisionally suspended from all International Tennis Federation (ITF) events on Sunday after being thrown out of the tie against Britain for verbally abusing opposing team members and the umpire.
The 70-year-old former French and U.S. Open champion, who earned a reputation for controversial behaviour during his playing days, was excluded from the tie on Saturday for unsportsmanlike conduct.
Nastase had already run into trouble during the World Group II playoff tie in Constanta, Romania, after allegedly making a derogatory comment about American world number two Serena Williams's unborn child.
"Under the terms of the provisional suspension, Nastase may not participate in the Fed Cup in any capacity with immediate effect and shall be denied access to, and accreditation for, any ITF event including Fed Cup," the ITF said in a statement on Sunday.
The sport's governing body said it was continuing an investigation into the weekend's events and would make no further comment until that was completed.
Saturday's second singles rubber was briefly suspended with British world number seven Johanna Konta in tears, apparently because of remarks made by Nastase.
Konta recovered her composure to finish off a victory over Romania's Sorana Cirstea and level the tie at 1-1.
Britain's captain Anne Keothavong also said she was made to feel uncomfortable by comments made by Nastase at the official pre-match dinner.
Konta and Heather Watson both lost on Sunday to give Romania victory in the playoff.
At the draw for the tie on Friday, Nastase was heard speaking in Romanian to one of his team members about 23-times grand-slam champion Williams's baby.
"Let's see what colour it has. Chocolate with milk?" he was quoted by Romanian and some British media as saying.
Williams, who confirmed her pregnancy through a spokeswoman last week, is engaged to Reddit co-founder Alexis Ohanian, who is white.
Konta, who was beaten 6-1 6-3 by Simona Halep on Sunday, defended herself after Cirstea said she had "over-reacted" by crying in their match.
"With all due respect to Sorana, she was not in my shoes at that end of the court being verbally threatened," Konta was quoted as saying by British media.
"Any abuse is not all right but when it's a couple of metres away from you, screaming at you, I think that's a different ball game. It's not something that you truly know how it affects you until you experience it, so I do believe she may have been slightly unaware of the events that happened."
Irina-Camelia Begu saw off Watson with a 6-4 7-5 victory to seal the tie for the Romanians before the doubles.
The visitors gained a consolation win when Laura Robson and Jocelyn Rae beat Halep and Monica Niculescu 6-3 1-6 10-8 in the doubles dead rubber.
(Writing by Clare Fallon; Editing by Ken Ferris)
LONDON/NEW YORK Investors are betting Alan Howard can reclaim his touch as a star macroeconomic trader, helping Brevan Howard Asset Management amass more than $3 billion (2.4 billion pounds) for a hedge fund he alone will control.
Howard, one of Britain's best known money managers, has raised more than $700 million from outside investors for the new "AH Fund," three sources with knowledge of the matter told Reuters. That will be supplemented by around $400 million or $500 million from Howard personally, one of them said, and another roughly $2 billion transferred from Brevan Howard's flagship hedge fund, according to two of the people.
The fund is still open to investment and Brevan Howard could take in approximately $500 million in additional cash depending on near-term performance, according to the source.
A spokesman for Brevan Howard declined to comment.
Under Howard's leadership, Brevan Howard dazzled investors with strong performance in its main fund through the last financial crisis, including gains of 25.2 percent in 2007, 20.4 percent in 2008, and 18.6 percent in 2009, according to a marketing document seen by Reuters.
Performance for the fund has since produced mostly losses or meagre returns, according to the document and other performance information seen by Reuters. Brevan Howard now manages $14.6 billion overall, an asset decline of around $22 billion since 2012, thanks to a combination of losses and client withdrawals.
With many experts predicting increased market turmoil, the new AH Fund is being pitched to investors as a chance for Howard to once again profit from global macroeconomic gyrations and their effect on government bonds and other highly liquid securities, according to five additional people familiar with the new fund.
One of the sources said that the new fund is designed to be more volatile than Brevan Howard's main hedge fund, which will continue to be managed by a team of traders according to tight risk controls. In other words, the new fund is designed to make large profits - or losses.
The AH Fund seeks a minimum $50 million investment from each investor, documents filed with U.S. regulator the Securities and Exchange Commission showed. That is far bigger than the average hedge fund investment per investor of $1.9 million, according to data from global industry tracker Preqin.
Howard's new fund, which is named after his initials, will charge a management fee of 0.75 percent and a performance fee of 30 percent.
Howard founded Brevan Howard in 2002 along with four former colleagues from Credit Suisse. The firm manages assets for more than 350 global institutions and employs more than 300 people in eight offices around the world, according to its website.
Brevan Howard was granted an injunction on March 23 to prevent Reuters publishing a story about the firm, claiming the company's right to confidentiality outweighed public interest.
(Reporting by Maiya Keidan and Lawrence Delevingne; Editing by Carmel Crimmins and Nick Zieminski)
Fire officials said the suspect had burns to his hands and abodmen. The others who were injured suffered ringing in ears and headaches.
Elrana Peralta, a customer service worker for Greyhound, said she works in the Port Authority terminal complex near where the blast happened, but didn't hear the explosion.
"All we could hear was the chaos," she said. "We could hear people yelling, 'Get out! Get out! Get out!'"
John Miles, 28, from Vermont, was waiting for a bus to Massachusetts. He also didn't hear the blast, but saw police react.
"I didn't know what was going on. Officers were running around. I was freaking out," he said. There was an announcement that people should take their bags and leave. "They didn't incite panic. It was fairly orderly."
Video from above the "Crossroads of the World" showed lines of police and emergency vehicles, their lights flashing, lining the streets and no other vehicle traffic moving.
Everything around the Port Authority area was shut down — a surreal scene of still at what would ordinarily be a bustling rush hour.
New Jersey Transit buses headed to the Port Authority were diverting to other locations. NJ Transit said buses were taking passengers to Secaucus and Hoboken, where they could take trains into the city.
White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders tweeted that President Donald Trump had been briefed on the explosion.
___
Associated Press writer Jake Pearson contributed to this report.
By Colleen Long, The Associated Press
Lower Manhattan including the financial district is pictured from the Manhattan borough of New York, U.S. June 1, 2016. REUTERS/Carlo Allegri/File Photo -
NEW YORK The average rent being asked by landlords for office leases hit a record high in Manhattan in the first quarter as historically low unemployment fueled the jobs market and leasing activity was above average, brokerage Colliers International (CIGI.TO) said on Monday.
Asking rents rose to $73.92 a square foot in the first quarter from $72.24 a square foot in the last quarter of 2016, the brokerage said.
The asking rents for a revitalized downtown set new highs, as did the technology-rich sector of Midtown South. While asking rents also rose during the quarter in Midtown, the largest U.S. office sector by far, they were still 10.4 percent lower than a record $92.04 a square foot set in the third quarter of 2008.
Leasing activity declined 4.6 percent from the first quarter of 2016, but was 27 percent above the 10-year average.
"The New York market continues to show signs of strength and optimism," said Joseph Harbert, president of Colliers' eastern region, adding that 2017 would be a strong year for office leasing, the largest of five commercial real estate segments.
The others are hotels, industrial or warehousing, apartment buildings and retail.
Demand by foreign investors for purchasing office buildings remained strong. Of 14 deals totaling $2.6 billion during the quarter, 73 percent were foreign buyers, Colliers said.
The expected return on investment is low as both U.S. and foreign investors place a premium on New York real estate, the firm said.
The non-seasonally adjusted unemployment rate for New York City fell to 4.8 percent in February from 5.6 percent a year ago, the New York state Labor Department said last week, citing preliminary data.
(Reporting by Herbert Lash; Editing by Peter Cooney)
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
SEATTLE, WA - Sexual assaults and harassment are an issue on King County Metro which officials are looking to stop.
Since 2013, King County Documents show law enforcement investigated 225 reports of sexual misconduct incidents. However, officials say many incidents go unreported.
Tuesday, county officials introduced the “Report it to Stop it” campaign which aims to reduce sexual misconduct and increase awareness reporting.
“I could tell he was watching me on the bus, and when I got off he followed me,” said Carly Lincoln.
Lincoln says one night she was riding the bus home from work. During the entire trip, she says, one rider stared at her. When she got off at her stop, the person followed her. Lincoln says she ran home and locked the door behind her.
Lincoln says this is not the only time she's dealt with harassment. Often, she says, she has to put up with what she calls “typical cat-calling”.
King County Officials want to make a change, and prevent all types of harassment even if some think it's “typical”.
“This campaign isn't going to change all of that, but what it is going to change is the way we're thinking, and on these buses, this type of behavior is not ok,” said Mary Ellen Stone, Executive Director of the King County Sexual Assault Resource Center.
Tuesday, Stone was joined by Metro Transit Police Major Dave Jutilla, and King County Metro General Manager Rob Gannon during a press conference. The three discussed plans to help stop sexual misconduct.
Since 2013, Metro Transit Police focused resources on investigating sexual misconduct reports. Officials say anyone can be a victim.
Examples of crimes include indecent exposure, unlawful imprisonment, stalking, sexual assault (rape, indecent liberties), simple assault, groping or grabbing passengers, rubbing up against someone in a sexual manner, harassment/threats.
Officials say it does not have to be a crime to report it. They say other offense to report include unwanted personal or sexual comments, behavior intended to humiliate and intimidate people, verbally or physical; aggressive staring, insulting language, crude sexual comments or gestures.
The biggest change needs to come from the community, officials say. Law enforcement will be there to respond, but victims, bystanders and witnesses must know nothing is too small to report.
Law enforcement is actively working to make the King County Metro safer. Jutilla says about 50 percent of all buses have cameras installed. There are also 50 officers who ride the metro in plain-clothes.
The county is also working to release a mobile app, sometime this year, for riders to report sexual misconduct or other crimes and emergencies on the metro.
April 5 A Canadian court postponed making a decision on whether to grant bail to Karim Baratov, who was arrested in March on U.S. charges that he was involved in a massive hack of Yahoo email accounts, CBC reported Wednesday.
Baratov's lawyer requested that his client be released on bail, promising that he would remain at his parents' home in Hamilton, Ontario. The prosecutor argued the 22-year-old Kazakh-Canadian citizen was a flight risk and a threat to public safety.
Judge Alan Whitten said he would hold off on ruling until Tuesday, following a full-day hearing and private meeting with attorneys, according to a report on the website of Canadian public broadcaster CBC.
The United States has asked Canada to extradite Baratov to face charges that Russian intelligence agents paid him to break into email accounts, resulting in the 2014 theft of some 500 million Yahoo Inc YHOO.O accounts. (Reporting by Anna Mehler Paperny and Jim Finkle in Toronto; Editing by Alistair Bell)
Architect claims NY's One World Trade Center stole his design
NEW YORK, June 14 A Korean-born architect on Wednesday sued a major architecture firm over the design of Manhattan's One World Trade Center, claiming that the building bears a "striking similarity" to a tower he designed in 1999 while in graduate school.
AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart' insurance policy
June 14 Insurer American International Group Inc has partnered with International Business Machines Corp to develop a "smart" insurance policy that uses blockchain to manage complex international coverage, the companies said on Wednesday.
How many immigrant families have been reunited since a judge ordered the US government to halt most family separations at the border?
And how many kids from separated immigrant families are still in government custody?
We don't know, because officials aren't saying.
It's been a week since they released a tally of how many kids from separated families remain in government custody.
And officials have repeatedly declined to respond to questions about how many families have been reunited.
Deadlines are looming; the government has less than a month to reunite the families it separated. Here's the latest:
On June 20, the Department of Health and Human Services said there were 2,053 children from separated families in its care. On June 26, the agency said there were 2,047 such children.
Why haven't officials released updated figures since then? According to HHS, it's because the number of immigrant children in the agency's care is always in flux — and because they are working with other agencies to cross-check the numbers they have.
Federal officials have released updated statements revealing the total number of immigrant children in their care — a figure that includes children who crossed the border alone and children who were separated from their families after crossing. But since June 26, they've refused to specify how many kids from separated families remain in custody.
Here's why that particular statistic matters: It's the only figure officials have provided that gives us any indication of whether reunions are happening.
This isn't a perfect equation; we don't know whether the children released from HHS custody were reunited with parents — only that they're no longer in one of the agency's shelters. The government has not answered questions about the circumstances of their release.
But without a response to questions about how many reunions have occurred — or at least an updated figure on the number of kids from separated families who remain in custody — the public has no way to track whether families are being reunited or how quickly it's occurring. All we have are anecdotal examples of a few scattered reunions at airports.
The latest information we have was provided to CNN by a US government source: a map showing that the 2,047 separated unaccompanied minors who were in custody of the HHS Office of Refugee Resettlement as of June 25 were scattered across 16 states.
In response to CNN inquiries over the past week asking for updated statistics on the number of kids from separated families in custody, officials have released the following statement:
“As HHS continues to evaluate the impact of the District Court ruling, and given the constantly changing number of unaccompanied alien children in our care (every day minors are referred to our care and released from our care to parents, close relatives or suitable sponsors), we are providing the total number of unaccompanied alien children in the care of HHS-funded grantees. While we understand the interest in detailed breakdowns of this information, our mission has been and remains to provide every minor transferred to HHS, regardless of the circumstances, with quality and age-appropriate care and a speedy and safe release to a sponsor.”
On June 26, US District Judge Dana Sabraw laid out a series of deadlines in his ruling.
By July 6, officials must make sure every separated parent has a way to contact their child. By July 10, children under 5 must be reunited with their parents. And by July 26, all children should be reunited with their parents.
Officials have said they'll comply with the judge's order, but they haven't specified what steps they'll take to do that. They are scheduled to appear in court on Friday for a status hearing.
Attorneys for the ACLU, which has sued the government over the family separations practice, say they are monitoring the situation and will go back to the court if officials fail to comply with the deadlines.
MOVES-Bank of America prime brokerage executive jumps to RBC
NEW YORK, June 14 Jonathan Yalmokas has resigned as Bank of America Corp's head of prime brokerage in the Americas to lead an equity financing business at Royal Bank of Canada, a person familiar with the move said on Wednesday.
NEW YORK, April 13 Big U.S. banks revealed more evidence of a slowdown in loan growth in their earnings reports on Thursday, though executives assured there is still healthy demand from borrowers and no reason to worry about the state of the economy.
JPMorgan Chase & Co and Citigroup Inc posted higher first-quarter earnings that beat analysts' expectations on large gains in trading revenue. Wells Fargo & Co, which relies more on traditional lending and less on markets-related businesses, reported a slight dip in profit due to a slowdown in mortgage banking. See Breakingviews column:
The results underscored concerns expressed recently by analysts and investors that higher interest rates, combined with uncertainty about geopolitical events, could hurt economic growth - and therefore crimp lenders' bottom lines.
But on conference calls to discuss results, top bank executives dismissed those concerns, citing strong demand from borrowers with impressive credit quality.
"I wouldn't overreact to the short term in our loan growth with so many things that affect it," said JPMorgan Chief Executive Jamie Dimon.
The bank's core loan portfolio averaged $812 billion during the first quarter, up 9 percent on an annualized basis. But that growth rate has ticked down from 12 percent in the previous quarter and 17 percent a year ago. Wells Fargo's annual loan growth rate of 4 percent has also been slowing over the past year.
Citigroup's loan book has been skewed by divestitures and its acquisition of a credit-card portfolio. Adjusting for those matters, Citi's core loan book grew 5 percent in the first quarter, executives said. But management's outlook for loan growth has nonetheless been tempered.
"There was probably just some modest reduction in our expectation for loan growth ... compared to the earlier guidance, certainly following the first-quarter performance," Chief Financial Officer John Gerspach said.
Across the banking industry, loans fell slightly during the first three months of the year, according to Federal Reserve data.
John Conlon, chief equity strategist at People's United Wealth Management, who invests in bank stocks, said he is still concerned about loan growth after seeing the reports and listening to the executives' comments.
"There's a great deal of optimism," Conlon said, "but there's still uncertainty."
Wells Fargo's shares were down 2.6 percent at $51.75, while Citigroup's stock was down 0.7 percent at $58.12 and JPMorgan fell 0.6 percent to $84.88. The KBW Nasdaq Bank Index fell 0.8 percent.
The mortgage business is putting particular pressure on loan growth. The recent uptick in interest rates has crushed a wave of mortgage refinancing that kicked off in 2010, leading to big declines in mortgage banking revenue.
Other areas of lending have also slowed. For instance, some big corporate borrowers have been opting to issue bonds rather than take out traditional loans, JPMorgan Chief Financial Officer Marianne Lake said.
And, in areas where banks are finding growth, like credit-card lending, they are doling out fat rewards and cutting interest rates to lure customers from one another.
Even so, bank executives sounded optimistic on Thursday about the outlook for lending.
Higher rates allow banks to earn more money from the loans they make, as well as the idle cash they have invested in low-risk securities like Treasury bonds. JPMorgan expects to add another $400 million to its net interest income in the second quarter. That metric is important because it shows the difference between what banks pay for funds and what they earn from using them.
Additionally, they said, signals that lawmakers and the White House want to spur the economy bode well for loan growth. Citigroup Chief Financial Officer John Gerspach said first-quarter lending reflects some waiting by borrowers for Washington to act.
"We haven't seen concrete changes yet in policies," Gerspach said. "When we get tax reform when the administration is successful in implementing some of what they have been talking about - hopefully that will spur the economy on."
(Reporting by David Henry; Additional reporting by Olivia Oran and Dan Freed in New York, and Sweta Singh in Bengaluru; Writing by Lauren Tara LaCapra; Editing by Bernard Orr)
BRIEF-Shandong Lukang Pharmaceutical says dividend payment date on June 22
* Says it will pay a cash dividend of 0.02 yuan per share (before tax) for 2016 to shareholders of record on June 21
Board Over Brains: Extreme Home Video
Extreme Home Video!! This video is of a bunch of friends who came together to snowboard in Portland, Columbia River Gorge and Mt. Hood. Everyday we would wake up at the crack of dawn head to the city and go till it got dark. We also filmed some powder days and some local govy spots. This would have never happened if all these people weren't a part of this. That is why it is call Extreme Home Video! We all radical an totally a big fam! Producer/Edit Cameron Weeg Videographers Leif Draznin-French Cameron Weeg Alex St. Pierre Drew Bickerstaff Arlan George Riders Taylor Rydman Kai Polendey Casey Tratz Tyler Verigan Nick Dirks Brendon Hupp Andy Glader Casey Mitchell Ian Sullivan Tanner Seymour WIll Bickerstaff Nicky Mcmillen Kevin Cummings Robert Solorio Jeremy Nylund Ty Will Coop Jordan Phinney Jagger Heckman Cameron Weeg Griffin Frigaard Corey Caswell And Friends ENJOY!!
Restaurants Canada-wide will be offering the deal
What can 67 cents buy you? On Wednesday, Aug. 16, it's a whole lot at McDonald's.
In celebration of its 50th year in Canada, the chain is offering 67-cent hamburgers at locations nation-wide.
McDonald's opened its first location in Canada right in Richmond, B.C. before spreading out across the country.
“It's amazing to think that a single B.C. location that started in 1967 has grown to over 1,400 restaurants across Canada,” said McDonald's Canada CEO John Betts. “We're excited about our future and continuing to share special moments, like today, with Canadians from coast to coast.”
Customers can snag up to three 67-cent hamburgers at all participating McDonald's locations Wednesday from 11 a.m.-7 p.m.
The researchers are concerned the customary process of soliciting input and amending a bill to address shortcomings is being overridden in favour of swift action to back up the government's apology.
"They're really rushing this through," Kinsman said.
Just hours earlier, Liberal MP Randy Boissonnault seemed to suggest that amendments were possible.
"We're listening and that's why we study this at committee," said Boissonnault, special adviser to the prime minister on LGBTQ issues.
New Democrat MP Randall Garrison indicated during the committee meeting that he was aware of the researchers' concerns. "I think the things that are perceived to be wrong are fixable," he said.
The Expungement of Historically Unjust Convictions Act would provide for the destruction and removal of records for the offences of gross indecency, buggery and anal intercourse.
Once passed, the legislation will allow applications by the convicted individual in question or family members of deceased people with criminal records. A guardian, lawyer or other "appropriate representative" may also apply on behalf of a dead individual.
The bill gives the Parole Board of Canada authority to order or refuse expungement of a conviction. For instance, the board may return incomplete applications.
Once the board approves an expungement, it must notify the RCMP and the courts. In turn, the Mounties must inform other federal agencies and provincial and municipal police forces.
The four researchers say the bill is problematic because it:
• could entail costs for applicants who are required to make a reasonable effort to track down documentary evidence;
• deals only with convictions, not the trail of arrest records, police statements and court documents;
• represents just a fraction of the Criminal Code offences used to prosecute same-sex behaviour, omitting categories such as bawdy house laws aimed at bathhouses and indecent act provisions for arresting people in bars, parks and washrooms.
Boissonnault said the government is "mindful of the bawdy house provisions, and it's something that we're looking at."
The Canadian Press
April 28 Spain's Mapfre CFO Fernando Mata:
* Says expects the insurer to meet 2018 strategic plan targets, including revenue growth goal
* Mapfre said in March that income growth targets could be reduced in the next two years Related text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Reporting by Madrid Newsroom)
ROME, April 12 (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - Grasshopper dumplings, bee larvae tacos and moth mousse are just some of the recipes featured in new cookbook that aims to end Western disdain for eating insects - which are increasingly seen as a nutritious and environmentally friendly food.
Hundreds of species of insects are eaten around the world, mainly in Africa and Asia, but people in the West generally recoil from the thought of being served crickets, termites and mealworms - even though they are a rich source of nutrition.
In addition, insect farming is likely to require less land than traditional livestock and produce fewer greenhouse gases, the U.N. Food and Agriculture Organization said in 2013.
However, nutritional benefits alone will not be enough to persuade squeamish Western palates to swap beef, chicken and pork for bugs and wasps, said Roberto Flore, co-author of "On Eating Insects".
"If we want to integrate (insects) in our European diets we need to talk about taste before discussing proteins," said the Italian chef from Sardinia, who is also the head of culinary research and development at the Nordic Food Lab.
"If an insect is consumed it means it tastes good," Flore told the Thomson Reuters Foundation.
The Nordic Food Lab was started in Denmark by the co-owner of Noma, a Michelin-starred restaurant which is often described as one of the world's best eateries, with the aim of "investigating food diversity and deliciousness".
Flore said he, and co-authors Michael Bom Frost and Josh Evans, decided to write the cookbook about insect-eating or entomophagy because so little work had been done on the subject in the West.
Published next month, the cookbook features essays, stories and recipes from field research in Kenya, Uganda, Mexico, Thailand and other countries where parts of the population consider insects a delicacy.
"We hope to bridge cultural differences," said Flore, adding most people who have tried his dishes were surprised to find insects so tasty.
(Reporting by Umberto Bacchi @UmbertoBacchi, Editing by Katie Nguyen.; Please credit the Thomson Reuters Foundation, the charitable arm of Thomson Reuters, that covers humanitarian news, women's rights, trafficking, property rights, climate change and resilience. Visit news.trust.org)
Morning News Call - India, June 15
To access the newsletter, click on the link: http://share.thomsonreuters.com/assets/newsletters/Indiamorning/MNC_IN_06152017.pdf If you would like to receive this newsletter via email, please register at: https://forms.thomsonreuters.com/india-morning/ FACTORS TO WATCH 9:30 am: AU Small Finance Bank Managing Director Sanjay Agarwal, NABARD Chairman HK Bhanwala to inaugurate bank's corporate office in Mumbai. 11:45 am: Steel Minister Chaudhary Birender Sing
RICHMOND HILL, Ont. — The man accused in a van attack that left 10 people dead in Toronto was briefly a member of the Canadian Armed Forces last year, a government spokeswoman said.
Alek Minassian was a member of the forces from Aug. 23, 2017 until Oct. 25, 2017, a spokeswoman with the Department of National Defence said.
"He did not complete his recruit training and requested to be voluntarily released from the CAF after 16 days of recruit training," said Jessica Lamirande.
Minassian, a 25-year-old from Richmond Hill, Ont., was charged on Tuesday with 10 counts of first-degree murder and 13 counts of attempted murder.
Ten people were killed and 15 people injured after a van mounted a sidewalk and drove into pedestrians along a busy stretch of a north Toronto street on Monday afternoon.
Minassian had attended Thornlea Secondary School in Richmond Hill, graduating in 2011, according to school officials, who declined to provide further details.
A LinkedIn page with Minassian's name and photograph lists him as a student at Seneca College from 2011 to this year.
The area surrounding Minassian's Richmond Hill, Ont., home, just 20 minutes north of where the van incident took place, was cordoned off with police tape on Tuesday morning, with officers entering the home a few times to speak to someone inside.
The few neighbours that were around said they didn't know the family well, but had noticed that its members kept to themselves.
By The Canadian Press
March 31 First Credit Finance Group Ltd
* Revolving loan agreement was entered into among unit as lender, borrower and chargors
* Lender has agreed to grant facility in principal amount of up to hk$62 million
* Lender is first credit limited, a unit of the company Source text (bit.ly/2nGOs7O) Further company coverage:
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
RICHMOND, Va. -- A slow-moving storm system will bring moderate to occasionally heavy rain to the region Tuesday into Wednesday, with most areas receiving between an inch and an inch and a half of rain. The best chance of rain will be Tuesday, with lower chances for rain on Wednesday.
We'll have dry weather on Thursday, but slight rain chances will remain in the forecast for Friday and Saturday.
High pressure will build into the region late in the weekend, bringing us several days a very nice spring weather.
Temperatures will stay in the upper 50s and low 60s on Tuesday, with a rebound into the upper 60s for most areas on Wednesday. A slow warm-up into the low 70s will take place this weekend, but a big warm-up is expected next week. Highs will likely reach the 80s by the middle of next week.
The pattern does not favor a killing frost or freeze in the next week, and the odds for another freeze beyond 7 days are very slim.
Click here to use Interactive Radar.
April 3 The European Central Bank will allot 13.8 billion euros ($14.7 billion) to banks at its weekly refinancing operation, less than the 14.8 billion euros maturing from last week, a Reuters poll found on Monday. Forecasts in the poll of 20 euro money market traders ranged from 10.0 billion to 15.0 billion euros for the operation. ALLOTMENT ONE-WEEK MEDIAN 13.8 MEAN 13.3 MODE 15.0 HIGHEST 15.0 LOWEST 10.0 COUNT 20 GUIDE TO EUROPEAN CENTRAL BANK ANNOUNCEMENTS ANNOUNCEMENTS ON ECB OPEN MARKET OPERATIONS ECB WEBSITE www.ecb.int ($1 = 0.9381 euros) (Reporting by Vartika Sahu; Polling by Kailash Bathija)
Changes to bus services around the county will be put in place later this month.
From Saturday, October 21 passengers will see timetable changes introduced.
The 100 service between Wakefield and Eastmoor, the 102 between healey and Eastmoor, the 104 between Eastmoor and Alverthorpe and routes between Wakefield and Hall Green will all experience timetable changes.
And a new 112 service will be introduced between Kirkhamgate and Wakefield, instead of the 104 which previously covered the route. And an additional hourly 126 service will run between Wakefield and Ossett.
There will also be timetable changes to the 119 service between Wakefield and Batley and the 126 and 127 between Wakefield and Dewsbury. And the 17.18 Saturday Dewsbury to Grange Moor 128 service will be withdrawn.
Changes will also be made to the 147 and 157 between Wakefield, Normanton and Pontefract and the 149 Monday to Saturday evening journeys from Wakefield to Featherstone via Sharlston Village will be withdrawn. Minor timetable changes will also be made to the 195 8.30am Monday to Friday journey from Hemsworth to Wakefield, via South Hiendley.
A full list of changes is available at wymetro.com/changes.
OHL Mexico to buyback shares after takeover bid
MEXICO CITY, June 14 OHL Mexico, a unit of Spanish construction group OHL, said it would launch a share buyback on Thursday, offering 27 pesos per share after agreeing to a takeover by IFM Global Infrastructure Fund, the company said on Wednesday.
WASHINGTON (AP) — U.S. home prices jumped in February as buyers compete fiercely over a dwindling number of properties for sale.
The S&P CoreLogic Case-Shiller national home price index released Tuesday jumped 6.3 percent in February from a year earlier, matching December's increase. That jump was the largest in nearly three years.
Steady job gains and rising numbers of millennials moving out on their own has intensified the competition for homes. February's price gain far outpaces average increases in wages or inflation.
Americans are becoming reluctant to sell their homes as mortgage rates rise, preferring to renovate instead. Others are holding onto their homes because they see few other options available. That's kept supply tight: The number of homes for sale fell 7.2 percent in March from a year earlier to just 1.67 million.
Advertisement
Sales of existing homes ticked up in March but actually declined slightly from a year earlier as the housing shortage constrained sales.
Homebuyers are getting increasingly aggressive, snapping up homes an average of 30 days after they are listed in March, down from 34 days a year earlier.
"Competition is fierce, offer windows are short and tensions will inevitably run high for many buyers as the spring shopping season unfolds," Svenja Gudell, chief economist at real estate data website Zillow, said.
There are signs that the supply crunch could ease later this year, as listings have picked up in recent months, only to be quickly sold. And developers are breaking ground on more homes, lifting single-family home construction 5.2 percent in March compared with a year earlier.
Seattle, Las Vegas and San Francisco remain the nation's top real estate hot spots, with home prices jumping 12.7 percent in Seattle, 11.6 percent in Las Vegas and 10.1 percent in San Francisco.
Strong job gains in some cities, which hint at an influx of new residents, are pushing up home prices, Standard & Poor's said. Seattle reported the biggest increase in employment, and had the largest home price gain. Chicago ranked 19th out of the 20 cities tracked in both home price increases and employment. Cleveland came in at 18th place in home prices and 20th in employment.
But in San Francisco and Los Angeles, home prices are rising much faster than their job gains would suggest, a sign that regulatory limits on homebuilding and limited land availability are pushing prices eve higher.
March 30 President Trump's U.S. Air Force Secretary nominee Dr. Heather Wilson, a former congressional representative from New Mexico, told senators on Thursday that other jets did not have the stealth capability of Lockheed Martin Corp's F-35 fighter jet.
During a U.S. Senate Armed Services Committee hearing on her nomination Wilson said she believed that F-15, F-16 and F-18 fighter jets could not retroactively be given the stealth capabilities of Lockheed Martin Corp's F-35 fighter jet. (Reporting by Mike Stone)
NEW YORK (Reuters Breakingviews) - It takes the exit of dozens of advertisers and numerous protests to force change at Twenty-First Century Fox, it seems. The company on Wednesday parted ways with top Fox News anchor Bill O'Reilly in the wake of the criticism and lost ad dollars that followed a New York Times report cataloging sexual-harassment allegations he and Fox had settled. The U.S. cable channel's chief architect, Roger Ailes, was booted amid a similar scandal nine months ago. The cleanup hardly comes across as whole-hearted.
Money, not morals, was the likely factor pushing Fox to cut ties with O'Reilly. Some 77 advertisers including Mercedes-Benz, Bayer and T. Rowe Price pulled their commercials from O'Reilly's primetime show, according to Color of Change, an activist group that launched a petition to pressure companies to avoid advertising on the program.
O'Reilly is the network's most watched star, pulling in a little under 4 million viewers each night. The high ratings brought in a conservatively estimated $120 million in advertising revenue last year, not counting the scads of special presidential election programming, iSpot.tv reckons. Fox News is worth about $14 billion, Breakingviews estimated last July, accounting for roughly a fifth of the Fox parent company's enterprise value, which hasn't changed much at around $70 billion.
That makes the channel – and O'Reilly – significant contributors, but Fox promised last July to overhaul the Ailes-led corporate culture that had turned a blind eye to unsavory behavior. The efforts to do so now seem timid at best. Rupert Murdoch, who controls Twenty-First Century Fox, appointed executives who worked under Ailes to run the network after he left.
And even though O'Reilly and the company had paid out some $13 million to settle claims over the years, according to the New York Times, the network still renewed his multimillion-dollar contract recently.
Rather than take the initiative, it took an investigative report published by Fox's media rival, followed by boycotts and consumer activism, to finally persuade the network to sever links with O'Reilly, who has worked there for more than 20 years. Although Murdoch's sons, James and Lachlan, may bring greater sensitivity and a more risk-averse style to the mix, the old Fox is plainly changing only slowly.
Things are heating up in Bruno Mars‘ new music video for “Versace on the Floor,” his sensual power ballad. Zendaya, donning a custom-made glittery chainmail dress from the titular label, twirls around a hotel room as she lip-syncs to Mars' lyrics, “Let's just kiss 'till we're naked, baby.”
As the name of the song suggests, the visuals focus on the fashion. Mars, donning head-to-toe Versace, seduces the Spider-Man: Homecoming actress with a melody reminiscent of sultry R&B rhythms from the '80s. “I love that dress, but you won't need it anymore,” he sings. “Versace on the floor/ Oooh, take it off for me, for me, for me, for me now, girl.”
It may raise some eyebrows when you consider Mars, 31, is more than a decade Zendaya's senior, but the 20-year-old star wrote on Instagram, “When the flyest man out here calls you for one of the flyest songs out..you make it happen.”
When the flyest man out here calls you for one of the flyest songs out..you make it happen. #VersaceOnTheFloor @brunomars A post shared by Zendaya (@zendaya) on Aug 13, 2017 at 6:44pm PDT
Zendaya, a singer herself, impersonated Mars during a July episode of Spike TV's Lip Sync Battle. Facing off against her Spider-Man costar Tom Holland, she busted out the moves as she mouthed the words to “24K Magic.”
Bruno Mars…or me??? The world may never know. See y'all Sunday 😏✨ pic.twitter.com/bawGVcUa7I — Zendaya (@Zendaya) May 4, 2017
The “Versace on the Floor” video, shown above, follows the March release of Mars' visuals for “That's What I Like,” his second single off the 24K Magic album. David Guetta released a remix of “Versace” in June.
Mars made new headlines on Saturday, announcing at a Michigan concert that he is donating $1 million to assist in the Flynn water crisis.
This article originally appeared on Ew.com
A coast radio station and Gulfport law enforcement are teaming up to remind students of the consequences of their choices.
Polyisocyanurate also known as polyiso is a thermosetting type of plastic. It is a closed cell foam, which contains low conductivity, free of hydrochlorofluorocarbon gas in its cells. Polyisocyanurate insulation products provide high thermal resistance thereby, contributing to the heating and climate control in commercial and residential applications. Polyisocyanurate insulations are available in liquid, spray foam, and rigid foam boards. Polyisocyanurate insulations can also be made into laminated insulation panels with a number of facings. The polyisocyanurate insulation which is foamed in place is relatively cheap compared to the foam boards. Manufacturers utilize polyisocyanurate insulations in structural insulated panels. To manufacture structural insulated panels, liquid or foam can be used. Wall panels made of polyisocyanurate have a thickness typically of 3.5 inches (85 mm), whereas ceiling panels are up to 7.5 inches (190 mm).
Global Polyisocyanurate Insulation Market: Dynamics
The growing industrialization and urbanization along with the ongoing renovation and repair activities in the economies are estimated to drive the global polyisocyanurate insulation market. The increasing demand for green buildings owing to sustainability initiatives is contributing to the building efficiency and performance. The global polyisocyanurate insulation market is also witnessing opportunities for growth owing to the national policies and regulations for energy efficiency in the buildings. Governments in the economies that are under low temperate zone most of the year are actively promoting to the zero loss of energy in the buildings that can be achieved through insulation materials, which drives the polyisocyanurate insulation market during the forecast period.
Request Report Sample@ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-6164
Various economies are embarking upon minimization of carbon emissions to the lowest throughout the world. The regulations and policies to focus on energy efficiency are increasing the demand for insulation materials making it necessary to use polyisocyanurate insulations in a wide area of applications, thereby creating growth opportunities for the polyisocyanurate insulation market. As end users seek energy saving solutions, the end-use industries, especially building and construction, will create growth opportunities for the polyisocyanurate insulation market. One of the challenges for the growth of polyisocyanurate insulation market is the high price of insulation materials, which might restrain their adoption.
Similar to this, owing to the renovation and repair activities in the building and construction sectors owing to increasing commercialization rates, the manufacturers might see growth in their business for insulation materials applications in the construction sector. Currently, maximum demand can be seen from end users who are into renovation and repair activities. Renewable and energy efficiency, government initiatives to support manufacturing and other factors might foster the demand and growth of the polyisocyanurate insulation market. The end users are mainly focused on energy efficiency and low carbon footprint. Increasing research and development & exponential industrialization contribute to developing energy-efficient solutions leading to the growth of the polyisocyanurate insulation market.
Visit For TOC@ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/toc/rep-gb-6164
Global Polyisocyanurate Insulation Market: Segmentation
Segmentation of the global polyisocyanurate insulation market by type:
Liquid
Sprayed foam
Rigid foam board
Segmentation of the global polyisocyanurate insulation market by application:
Acoustic Insulation
Thermal Insulation
Hybrid Insulation
Segmentation of the global polyisocyanurate insulation market by end use:
Building and Construction
Transportation
Consumer Appliances
Others
Global Polyisocyanurate Insulation Market: Regional Outlook
The renovation and repair activities in Europe and North America along with increasing construction spending in Asia Pacific and the Middle East drives the demand and growth of the polyisocyanurate insulation market. Europe has created maximum demand for energy-efficient products. Likewise, polyisocyanurate insulation is anticipated to be a key contributor to these goals by minimizing the powered temperature control methods and regulating indoor temperatures. Countries such as the U.S., China, and Russia have set environment conservation goals, aiming to reduce the carbon footprint. Several stringent regulations in regards to the increased use of renewable energy sources in Europe are projected to boost the growth of the polyisocyanurate insulation market.
Report Analysis@ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/polyisocyanurate-insulation-market
Global Polyisocyanurate Insulation Market: Key Participants
Examples of some of the market participants in the global polyisocyanurate insulation market are BASF SE, Covestro AG, Huntsman International LLC, Kingspan Group PLC, Lapolla Industries, Inc., Owens Corning, Recticel Group, Saint-Gobain, the Dow Chemical Company, Armacell International S.A. and Johns Manville (U.S.).
FILE PHOTO: A man walks through the lobby of the London Stock Exchange in London, Britain, August 25, 2015. REUTERS/Suzanne Plunkett/File Photo/File Photo
LONDON/MILAN European shares sealed their best quarter since 2015 on Friday, with inflows to European equities picking up on strong economic data and corporate earnings, despite a packed political calendar ahead.
The pan-European STOXX 600 index was up 0.1 percent, ending the first quarter of 2017 with a gain of 5.5 percent, its third straight quarterly gain.
While Britain's FTSE 100 .FTSE fell 0.6 percent, Germany's DAX .GDAXI gained 0.5 percent and France's CAC .FCHI rose 0.7 percent.
The rally in European shares has been driven by improving economic data, strong earnings and a series of M&A deals in the region, which have more than offset worries over the political future of the region ahead of elections in France and Germany and Britain's divorce from the European Union.
European equities attracted their largest inflows in 60 weeks, with $1.5 billion this week, the latest data from Bank of America Merrill Lynch showed, as investor concerns over a victory of far-right candidate Marine Le Pen in the upcoming French presidential election subsided.
The French election remains the key political risk for investors in the quarter ahead.
Germany's DAX .GDAXI, seen as an alternative for investors wary of French assets, outperformed major European peers this quarter, up 6.8 percent and tantalisingly close to its April 2015 record high.
Spain's IBEX .IBEX was the overall winner, notching up 11.2 percent gains, while Britain's FTSE 100 .FTSE underperformed peers, gaining 2.5 percent over the quarter.
In sectors, tech stocks .SX8P were the top gainers, up 13 percent over the quarter, as investors buy into the industry. Energy stocks performed the worst, down 3 percent.
On Friday, South Africa-exposed stocks were the top fallers in heavy volumes after President Jacob Zuma fired his respected finance minister in a late-night cabinet reshuffle.
Asset manager Investec (INVP.L) was the biggest loser on the STOXX, down 9.9 percent, its biggest fall since the last time Zuma spooked markets by suddenly dismissing then finance minister Nhlanhla Nene in December 2015.
Other stocks exposed to the African country were also among the top losers. Insurer Old Mutual (OML.L) fell 7.5 percent, healthcare firm Mediclinic (MDCM.L) dropped 6.2 percent and paper company Mondi (MNDI.L) declined 2.5 percent, while German-listed South African retailer Steinhoff (SNHG.DE) fell 3 percent.
"Stocks with exposure to South Africa plunged amid deep fears about the state of the country's government following the sacking of respected finance minister Pravin Gordhan," said ETX Capital analyst Neil Wilson in a note.
South Africa's rand and government bonds recovered ground slightly after an initial sharp fall on the news.
Another top loser on the STOXX was Danish biotechnology firm Genmab (GEN.CO). Its shares fell after partner Janssen (JNJ.N) decided not to start the second stage of a study of a key drug.
Among gainers was German utility RWE (RWEG.DE) which rose 2.7 percent after Oddo Seydler upgraded the stock to "buy" from "neutral". UK motor insurer Direct Line (DLGD.L) rose 3.4 percent, also helped by a broker upgrade.
UK mid cap Shawbrook Group (SHAW.L) rallied 9.5 percent after the UK lending banks said it had received a buyout offer.
(Reporting by Danilo Masoni and Helen Reid; Editing by Vin Shahrestani and Hugh Lawson)
BUSINESS NEWS
St. Rose Health Center provides cardiac rehabilitation for patients after a heart-related event but they also realize the importance of preventing problems from occurring in the first place.
Since February is American Heart Month, Shannon Deines, imaging supervisor, shared information on the three cardiovascular screenings available at St. Rose. She encourages the community to take advantage of these screenings to help prevent a variety of concerns.
“Each non-invasive test takes less than 30 minutes and the cost is very affordable,” Deines said. “Anyone concerned about cardiovascular disease is encouraged to call for an appointment.
“When screens detect a problem, we refer patients to their primary-care physicians,” she added. “When a problem is not detected, the patient can enjoy peace of mind.”
One screen checks for peripheral arterial disease (PAD) to help determine the risk of blockages in leg arteries.
“Those who are wondering about PAD might consider a few questions,” Deines suggested. “For example, do you have leg cramping, aching or fatigue when you walk? Do you have poorly healing ulcers on your feet or toes? Do you smoke, or have hypertension, diabetes or high cholesterol?”
A stroke scan also is available at St. Rose. This is an ultrasound test to see inside the carotid arteries in the neck. It can detect early signs of plaque build-up.
And the third screening involves a scan for an abdominal aortic aneurysm, which is a ballooning of the arterial wall that may cause the artery to burst.
A doctor's referral is not necessary for any of these screenings, and the fee for each is $30. However, if someone chooses to have all three at the same time, the total cost is $75. Cash and checks are accepted.
“When screening results are available, we mail them to the patients,” Deines noted. “They can share results with their doctors.
“If any concerns are detected,” she elaborated, “we will recommend they follow up with their doctor for further testing. This type of preventive health care can go a long way to preventing or alleviating more serious conditions in the future.”
The office building of health insurer Anthem is seen in Los Angeles, California February 5, 2015. REUTERS/Gus Ruelas
WASHINGTON A U.S. appeals court on Friday blocked health insurer Anthem Inc's (ANTM.N) bid to merge with Cigna (CI.N), upholding a lower court's decision that the $54 billion deal should not be allowed because it would lead to higher prices for healthcare.
The ruling will probably kill the proposed merger, which was opposed by the U.S. Justice Department, 11 states and a District Court judge after consumers, medical professionals and others objected to it. In the end, Cigna itself tried to back out.
Still, Anthem and Cigna have the option of trying to save the deal by asking the appeals court to re-consider the case or appealing straight to the U.S. Supreme Court.
Shares of Cigna closed Friday at $156.37, up 0.1 percent, while Anthem shares ended at $177.89, down 0.2 percent.
Anthem's purchase of Cigna would create the largest U.S. health insurer. Rivals Aetna Inc (AET.N) and Humana Inc (HUM.N) had also sought to merge but that deal collapsed this year amid opposition from the federal government and states.
Insurers made the deals as they adjusted to new pressures from the insurance overhaul of Obamacare, officially known as the Affordable Care Act. They now face the potential for another remaking of the industry, though the exact changes are unclear because of Republican disagreements over how to repeal and replace Obamacare.
Anthem, said in a statement late Friday that it was disappointed by the appeals court's decision. "We are committed to completing the transaction and are currently reviewing the opinion and will carefully evaluate our options," the company said in a statement.
In a split decision, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit disagreed with Anthem's contention that the Justice Department and lower court improperly rejected its assertions that the deal would lead to billions of dollars in medical savings.
"Anthem has not explained why these projected savings would even exist," Judge Judith Rogers wrote in the opinion. "The record is clear that Anthem, unlike Cigna, has already achieved whatever economies of scale are available."
In a dissent, Judge Brett Kavanaugh argued that the merger would benefit the biggest customers, mainly large companies with employees in many states. Kavanaugh argued that a combined Anthem/Cigna would require higher payments to manage the accounts but that would be offset by better negotiated rates paid to providers.
Kavanaugh, however, noted that the deal could be stopped based on monopsony arguments that the new company would have too much heft in negotiating with doctors and hospitals.
Anthem, a member of the Blue Cross Blue Shield Association, is the second biggest seller of medical insurance to big U.S. companies. Cigna is in third place.
Bill Baer, the former head of the Justice Department's Antitrust Division who had made the decision to challenge both insurance mergers, said in an email that the ruling on the Anthem/Cigna deal "is a ringing endorsement of the importance of competition in health insurance markets."
The Justice Department, now under President Donald Trump, also said that it was pleased by the decision.
Eric Schneiderman, attorney general of New York, which was among the states that had opposed the deal, also said he was pleased with the ruling.
"This is a red letter day for consumers," said David Balto, an antitrust lawyer who opposed the deal.
In another obstacle, Anthem and Cigna have been at loggerheads for months and are suing each other. Cigna has sought to abandon the merger and force Anthem to pay a $1.85 billion breakup fee while Anthem filed a lawsuit to force its smaller rival to go through with the combination.
(Reporting by Diane Bartz; Editing by David Gregorio and Leslie Adler)
The federal Liberal government is spending $4.5 billion to buy Trans Mountain and all of Kinder Morgan Canada's core assets.
A protester holds a photo of Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and a representation of the globe covered in oil during a protest against the Kinder Morgan Trans Mountain Pipeline expansion in Vancouver, B.C., on Tuesday May 29, 2018. The federal Liberal government is spending $4.5 billion to buy Trans Mountain and all of Kinder Morgan Canada's core assets, Finance Minister Bill Morneau said Tuesday as he unveiled the government's long-awaited, big-budget strategy to save the plan to expand the oilsands pipeline. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Darryl Dyck
Outrage over the federal government's announcement about buying the Trans Mountain pipeline to ensure it gets built could fuel unprecedented protests, says a prominent environmentalist who was at the forefront of British Columbia's so-called War in the Woods in the 1990s.
Tzeporah Berman said the fight against the pipeline expansion is even bigger than those over logging in Clayoquot Sound.
Canadians are angry the government is shelling out $4.5 billion to purchase the Trans Mountain pipeline rather than investing in clean energy after Prime Minister Justin Trudeau's climate-change promises during the 2015 election and his later commitment to the Paris climate accord, she said.
“My experience is that people are motivated by betrayal, they're motivated by a lack of fairness, they're motivated by a sense of shared common purpose and outrage. In this case we have all of that,” said Berman, who was cleared of aiding and abetting protesters at the Clayoquot blockade and is now an adjunct professor of environmental studies at York University in Toronto.
Berman said the Liberal government “made a very big mistake” by backing Kinder Morgan's project and alienating voters to create “a perfect storm” that would prompt people to take action.
“I think a lot of us who knocked on doors for the Trudeau government really believed them when they said they were going to bring evidence-based analysis and science and democratic process back to pipeline reviews.”
Related: Trans Mountain pipeline: The economics of oil
Related: Trans Mountain pipeline: Is it worth the risk?
Berman is a director of Stand.earth, one of the groups that organized an anti-pipeline protest in Vancouver on Tuesday after Finance Minister Bill Morneau announced the government's plans for the pipeline between Edmonton and Burnaby, B.C. Another protest is planned in Victoria on Thursday.
“My expectation is that the outrage is going to grow and we're not just going it see it here in British Columbia but we're going to see it nationally and internationally,” she said, adding social media makes it possible for activists to connect in ways that didn't exist at the height of anti-logging protests in 1993.
“We didn't have email, we didn't have cellphones. It was a remote location that took most people five to seven hours to get through. This is a pipeline project that runs through urban centres,” she said of Trans Mountain.
Khelsilem, a Squamish Nation council member who goes by his first name, said the federal government's decision to pursue completion of the pipeline expansion threatens Indigenous communities if there was a spill of bitumen from increased tanker traffic in B.C. waters.
“Trudeau had promised during the election that he would create a new environmental process that would protect Indigenous rights and that the Kinder Morgan project would be included and sent back to be done through the new process, and on both those counts he's failed completely,” he said.
Along with multiple legal challenges involving the pipeline, the Squamish Nation and five other First Nations are involved in a Federal Court of Appeal case that targets Ottawa's approval of the project.
“The protesters and the opposition, and the civil disobedience is probably going to increase,” Khelsilem said.
“Our mandate from our people is to continue to defend our rights as a people and to protect our territory, not just for us but for future generations. We're going to continue to stand with our allies that support our Indigenous rights and change the story of Canada, that Canada is no longer a country that disregards Indigenous rights.”
Related: Trans Mountain pipeline: How we got here
Related: First Nations remain divided
Camille Bains, The Canadian Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
Prepare to throw your body glitter at a wall in shock: According to Bloomberg, Claire's, the beloved mall jewelry and accessory store responsible for most of our teenage piercings, has officially filed for bankruptcy due to being an estimated $2 billion in debt. Despite Khloe Kardashian being a massive fan of Claire's hoop earrings and the resurgence of nostalgic '90s fashion styles such as slip dresses, denim mini skirts, combat boots, track pants and high-waisted mom jeans, mall stores like Claire's are having a hard time staying relevant – and in business.
In the most recent article by Bloomberg, Claire's Chief Financial Officer Scott Huckins stated that “to date, the company estimates that it has pierced over 100,000,000 ears worldwide.” Despite the number of tweens who held a Claire's bear while going under the piercing gun, Claire's novelty jewelry looks as though it's soon to be a thing of the past.
But once you're done crying in your inflatable chair, we're here to remind you that there are still plenty of other places to shop for your 18-pack of colored rhinestone earrings. Scroll down to shop 5 of them now!
Forever 21
Buy It! Fruit Salad Earring Set, $8.90; forever21.com
ALDO
Buy It! Praucien Multipack Earrings, $17; asos.com
Charlotte Russe
Buy It! Embellished Hoop Earrings 6 Pack, $4.19 (orig. $5.99); charlotterusse.com
Express
Buy It! Set of Six Embellished Stud Earrings, $29.90; express.com
NastyGal
Buy It! New Around Here Hoop Earrings Set, $9.60 (orig. $16); nastygal.com
Harvey Weinstein has been indicted on two sets of rape charges and a sex crime charge.
The 66-year-old disgraced producer - who has been accused of sexual harassment by dozens of women in recent months - was taken to court in New York over charges alleging that he raped one woman and forced another to perform oral sex on him.
And after insisting he wouldn't testify before a grand jury, that same jury has voted to indict - which means they have formally charged him - with first- and third-degree rape, and a first-degree criminal sexual act.
The charges are the same as the ones that were filed by police last week when Weinstein turned himself in to face arrest after arriving in New York.
DA Cyrus Vance Jr. said in a statement: "This indictment brings the defendant another step closer to accountability for the crimes of violence with which he is now charged."
Vance revealed that an investigation into Weinstein's alleged crimes "remains active and ongoing", and slammed what he described as Weinstein's "recent assault on the integrity of the survivors and the legal process."
He added: "We are confident that when the jury hears the evidence, it will reject these attacks out of hand."
Upon hearing the grand jury's verdict, Weinstein's lawyer Benjamin Brafman revealed the producer intends on pleading not guilty to all charges.
In a statement, he said: "[Weinstein] intends to enter a plea of Not Guilty and vigorously defend against these unsupported allegations that he strongly denies.
"We will soon formally move to dismiss the indictment and if this case actually proceeds to trial, we expect Mr. Weinstein to be acquitted."
ATHENS Greece has agreed with its lenders on key labour reforms, spending cuts and energy issues, moving closer to clinching a deal before a meeting of euro zone finance ministers on April 7, sources close to the talks said on Wednesday.
The European Commission could not immediately confirm the report of a preliminary deal. The report drove Greek government bond yields to multi-week lows.
Negotiations between Athens, the European Union and the International Monetary Fund -- which has yet to decide if it will participate in Greece's current bailout -- have dragged on for months, rekindling fears of a new crisis in Europe.
The latest progress is expected to help allow the return of EU and IMF mission chiefs to Athens in the coming days to finalise details with Greek finance and labour ministers before the Eurogroup meeting in Malta.
The main focus of the talks has been pension cuts, energy and labour reforms. Athens agreed last month to adopt more measures, worth 2 percent of GDP, to help convince the IMF to participate in the bailout, which is sought by EU countries including Germany.
Greece will cut pension spending by up to 1 percent of GDP in 2019, two officials told Reuters on condition of anonymity. Lowering the tax-free threshold would raise roughly another 1 percent of GDP has also been agreed, an EU official said.
"I believe there will be a staff level agreement by the April 7 Eurogroup," one of the officials said.
COLLECTIVE BARGAINING
On labour reforms, Greece will not be forced to ease present restrictions on collective redundancies initially sought by the IMF, another official said.
Collective bargaining, which was weakened as part of bailout reforms in 2012, is expected to be revived after the country's current bailout programme expires in 2018. Greece and lenders are still negotiating other labour issues.
Slashing the market share of state-controlled Public Power Corp (DEHr.AT) through the sale of coal-fired units, has also been agreed, another official said. However, an energy ministry official said the issue was still under discussion.
Any PPC move to sell assets is likely to stir controversy, and labour unions have already warned of industrial action if it goes ahead. Energy Minister George Stathakis was due on Friday to tour northern Greece, where PPC is a big employer.
Greece will start legislating for the reforms agreed once the deal is sealed, a government spokesman said, adding that the negotiation was still ongoing. On Tuesday the government submitted to parliament a bill on an out-of-court settlement of non-performing corporate loans.
Greece hopes that wrapping up the second review of bailout progress will pave the way for crucial talks on post-bailout debt relief. Finance Minister Euclid Tsakalotos has said debt restructuring would help the country return to markets before its bailout expires.
Earlier, a spokesman for the European Stability Mechanism, the euro zone's bailout fund said that possible additional debt relief for Greece could be decided only at the end of the bailout programme.
(Additional reporting by Angeliki Koutantou in Athens, Francesco Guarascio in Brussels and Dhara Ranasinghe in London; Editing by Gareth Jones)
Minnesota Supreme Court OKs limited cameras in courtrooms
ST. PAUL, Minn. (AP) — The Minnesota Supreme Court has made permanent a three-year pilot project that allows limited use of cameras in the state's courtrooms during criminal cases.
The high court gave its formal stamp of approval to the rules in an order Monday. Media outlets and independent journalists still can't provide full photo, video and audio coverage of trials and pretrial hearings. But the rules allow audio, video and photos of proceedings after a defendant pleads guilty or is convicted, such as sentencing hearings.
There are exceptions for criminal sexual conduct and domestic violence cases. Testimony from victims or someone testifying on behalf of a victim, hearings without the presiding judge present and cases in treatment courts also are protected. Juries cannot be filmed or photographed.
Mark Anfinson, an attorney for the Minnesota Newspaper Association, told the Star Tribune that the permanent rules represent progress.
"I think the court ultimately will have to go much further, along the lines of what Wisconsin, Iowa and North Dakota do," he said. "All have allowed routine coverage of court cases for more than 30 years. And more than 30 other states do as well."
Opponents of the change included victims' advocates who worried that crime victims would be unwilling to come forward if they feared that they could end up photographed or on television.
The Supreme Court's order noted that during the three-year pilot project, media requested permission to cover 79 cases. Coverage was allowed in 53.
A majority of members on an advisory committee that monitored the project concluded the overall impact of the coverage ranged from neutral to positive, with minimal disruptions of proceedings, the order said.
"The results of the pilot project ... allow us to conclude that the conditions that govern the coverage of these public proceedings provide the appropriate balance between the fundamental right of a defendant to a fair trial and the judicial branch's commitment to the fair, open, and impartial administration of justice," the order said.
Civil cases in Minnesota have been open to cameras since 2011. Cameras remain prohibited in federal trials.
The final order shortened the notice period for news organizations that want to cover a criminal proceeding from 10 days to seven.
___
Information from: Star Tribune, http://www.startribune.com
Tennis-Pliskova pulls out of Birmingham due to elbow injury
LONDON, June 14 World number three Karolina Pliskova has withdrawn from next week's Aegon Classic grasscourt event in Birmingham to rest an injured elbow ahead of Wimbledon, she said on Wednesday.
UPDATE 8-UPS worker kills 3 colleagues in San Francisco, turns gun on himself
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 A UPS driver opened fire with a handgun inside a United Parcel Service Inc delivery center in San Francisco on Wednesday, killing three co-workers before fatally shooting himself as police closed in, authorities and company officials said.
FILE PHOTO: Buildings are seen from across the water in Doha, Qatar June 5, 2017.
DUBAI (Reuters) - Four Arab countries that imposed sanctions on Qatar have told the United States that U.S. companies doing business with them would not be punished for also working with Doha, four sources with knowledge of the matter said.
Foreign firms have become increasingly cautious on their cross border dealings over concerns they could fall foul of the region's biggest diplomatic crisis in years.
Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates (UAE), Egypt and Bahrain sent a letter to U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson in July reassuring him that U.S. companies would not be discriminated against as part of the boycott, according to sources with knowledge of the letter.
The European Union has been given similar "official ... verbal assurances" by the UAE, the EU Delegation to the UAE told Reuters.
In the letter to Tillerson, the four countries said that they valued and intended to maintain their relationships with U.S. companies and that those ties would not be affected by the boycott, according to a source who has seen the letter.
The U.S. Embassy in Abu Dhabi declined to comment on the letter. The four Arab states did not immediately respond to Reuters questions on the letter.
Tillerson made a four-day visit to the region in July where he met both sides of the dispute and made proposals to help end the crisis.
The four Arab countries cut diplomatic and trade links with Qatar on June 5, suspending air and shipping routes with the world's biggest exporter of liquefied natural gas and the home to the region's biggest U.S. military base.
BIG CONTRACTS TO BE WON
UAE Minister of State for Foreign Affairs Anwar Gargash said on July 17 that the UAE would not ask foreign companies to choose between doing business with it or Qatar.
That followed comments from the UAE Ambassador to Russia Omar Ghobash to Britain's Guardian newspaper on June 28 that companies could be made to choose as part of a new round of sanctions on Qatar.
Top U.S. companies have large investments in countries on both sides of the dispute and there are big contracts to be won in wealthy Saudi Arabia, the UAE and Qatar.
Saudi Arabia, the world's largest oil exporter, signed business deals worth tens of billions of dollars with U.S. companies during U.S. President Donald Trump's visit to Riyadh in May.
State-owned airlines in the UAE and Qatar are leading customers of U.S. planemaker Boeing (BA.N), and Doha, which will host the 2022 World Cup, is seeking partners to take part in a huge expansion of its gas production.
Some companies have taken steps to restructure their Middle East operations so that Qatar no longer reports to their regional headquarters, often located in Dubai, in a bid to avoid any conflict.
One of the sources said that there have been no known incidents of a U.S. company being discriminated against by the four Arab countries because of the dispute with Qatar.
Just when you thought Sunday's Game of Thrones episode, “Eastwatch,” was tapping the brakes for a single quiet scene, the producers snuck a potentially major revelation into that candlelit chat at The Citadel.
The scene begins with Gilly (Hannah Murray) reciting a list of seemingly inconsequential factoids to Samwell (John Bradley) while he tried to study, tidbits recorded by the apparently super diligent High Septon Maynard.
Then she asks him what the word “annulment” means. Sam explains it's when a man ends a marriage. Gilly says that this Septon issued an annulment to a certain Prince Rhaegar — you know, as in, Daenerys' brother Rhaegar Targaryen (!) — and then married him to somebody else at the same time (!!). In secret (!!!). In Dorne (!!!!).
Then Samwell totally interrupted Gilly just as she might have been about to blurt out a massively important revelation.
RELATED VIDEO: Expect The Unexpected When It Comes To Game Of Thrones
Now, this scene didn't connect every single dot for us. But it doesn't take much to assume this means Rhaegar actually married Lyanna Stark — and didn't just get her pregnant out of wedlock like the show has led us to assume (so the assumption that they actually ran off together and were in love was likely correct). The series has also avoided explicitly saying Rhaegar is Jon Snow's father and has only confirmed Lynanna is his mother, but that Snow is Rhaegar's son is a perfectly reasonable assumption to make (especially when the guy is now petting dragons like it's no big deal at all).
So: Jon Snow would not only be a Targaryen, but also a legitimate heir. In fact, as a male, his Iron Throne claim would actually trump Daenerys' claim.
And now, Jon, Daenerys, and Gendry all have Iron Throne claims and are all hanging out together (Gendry has one if you consider Robert's Rebellion legal).
Let's put this another way: If all the assumptions are correct … what Jon Snow and Daenerys Targaryen have believed all their lives about themselves isn't true: Jon Snow is actually not a bastard at all, and Daenerys is not the rightful heir to the Iron Throne.
Game of Thrones airs Sundays (9 p.m. ET) on HBO.
This article originally appeared on Ew.com
0 Southaven shooting victim to be laid to rest
SOUTHAVEN, Miss. - A Southaven High School student was unfortunately shot by a friend while playing with a gun.
Marcus Reeves Jr. will be laid to rest this weekend. FOX13 spoke with the Reeves' grandmother, and she said all her grandson's dreams were stolen in a senseless act.
Trending stories:
Beatrice Reeves has been doing nothing but crying about her grandson.
"Just all at once, this happened, and it took away everything. His dreams and everything he dreamed of," Reeves said.
17-year-old Marcus Reeves Jr. was set to graduate from Southaven High School. He had just gotten a second job. He dreamed of going to welding school.
"He had a rewarding future. He was looking to do all this." Beatrice Reeves said.
Neighbors told us that the shooting happened in a driveway in Horn Lake. Police said the teens told them that they were playing with a gun that they thought was unloaded.
"Shot him in the face right below his nose," Beatrice Reeves said.
Marcus Reeves Jr. died twelve days later at Regional One. Now, instead of planning for his future, his grandmother is working on the details of his homegoing service.
"One of his friends had a gun and it went off, " Beatrice Reeves said.
No charges have been filed yet in the shooting death of Marcus Reeves Junior. The case is set to the Grand Jury.
Reeves will be buried in Batesville, Mississippi this Sunday.
© 2018 Cox Media Group.
OHL Mexico to buyback shares after takeover bid
MEXICO CITY, June 14 OHL Mexico, a unit of Spanish construction group OHL, said it would launch a share buyback on Thursday, offering 27 pesos per share after agreeing to a takeover by IFM Global Infrastructure Fund, the company said on Wednesday.
CLEVELAND — Jacoby Ellsbury will serve as New York's designated hitter in Game 2 of the AL Division Series against the Indians.
Yankees manager Joe Girardi is going with Ellsbury over Chase Headley because of his success in the past against Cleveland ace Corey Kluber. Ellsbury has batted .263 (5-19) in his career against Kluber, who went 2-0 with a 1.59 ERA in two starts against New York this season. Headley is just 1 of 14 against Kluber.
The Indians won the opener 4-0 over the Yankees, who were held to three hits and got nothing from rookie slugger Aaron Judge. The MVP candidate struck out four times, but Girardi isn't worried about the right fielder, who slumped miserably after the All-Star break before a strong finish.
"I don't really have any concerns about it because as watching him go through some of his ups and downs this year, how he's always bounced back," Girardi said. "So I'm not really too concerned about it."
Indians manager Terry Francona made two moves with his lineup. Austin Jackson will start in left field against New York left-hander CC Sabathia, and Yan Gomes will catch Kluber. Roberto Perez started behind the plate in Game 1.
Also, Francona said there's a good chance Michael Brantley will start in left field in Game 3 at Yankee Stadium. Brantley missed 50 games over the final two months with an ankle injury.
However, Brantley, who is available off the bench in Game 2, has made huge progress in recent weeks and Francona is glad the All-Star is back. Brantley missed Cleveland's run to the World Series last year following two shoulder surgeries.
"He helps us win," Francona said. "I'm excited for him because last year he missed out. This year, with a lot of hard work, he's now going to be a part of what we're doing. I know it will mean a lot to him, and because of that, it means a lot to us."
By Tom Withers, The Associated Press
Nuku'alofa in Tonga has successfully hosted the first tournament on the new International Table Tennis Federation (ITTF) Oceania tour.
The event from June 29 to 30 was the inaugural stop on the new circuit, which will also feature tournaments in Australia, Fiji, Tahiti, New Zealand and Vanuatu.
"It's a privilege and an honour for the Tonga Table Tennis Association to host the very first event in the ITTF-Oceania Tour," said the secretary general of the Tonga Table Tennis Association, Joh Fifital.
"This is the first international table tennis tournament we have hosted, and we're very happy to host players from Australia, New Zealand, Fiji and Solomon Islands.
"Hosting this event will provide Tonga with a big boost to develop table tennis and Para-table tennis."
The ITTF-Oceania executive director Christian Holtz added that the ITTF is "proud" to launch the new tour in Tonga.
The top eight athletes at the end of the Oceania tour will have a chance to compete in the ITTF World Cup ©Getty Images
"This new competition aims to promote the development of our sport in the region by providing access to regional competitions and increasing the capacity of the National Associations to host international events," he said.
Australia's Heming Hu won the men's singles, after initially going 2-0 down to New Zealand's Dean Shu.
The match finished 9-11, 8-11, 12-10, 11-7, 11-8, 11-4.
The women's final was played out between the Fijian sisters Sally and Greece Yee, with Sally, the elder sibling, taking the win.
The sisters then paired up for the women's doubles, which they won, while Grace Yee also took the mixed doubles title with her partner Vicky Wu.
A Fijian pair of Wu and Phillip Wing also took the men's doubles title.
The next event on the tour will be in Australia on the Gold Coast, from August 25 to 26.
Points won at the events will directly affect the ITTF-Oceania Cup points list.
The top eight athletes will earn the right to compete at the 2019 ITTF-Oceania Cup, with combined prize money of AUD$60,000 (£33,618/$44,288/€38,000) and a pathway to the ITTF World Cup.
BEIJING, April 5 China said on Wednesday it saw no link between North Korea's latest missile launch and an upcoming meeting between President Xi Jinping and his U.S. counterpart, Donald Trump.
Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying made the comments at a regular press briefing, after North Korea test-fired a ballistic missile into the sea off its east coast just a day before the U.S.-China presidential summit.
China also urged all relevant parties to practise restraint and to refrain from escalating the situation, Hua said, when asked about the launch.
(Reporting by Michael Martina; Writing by Philip Wen)
Having starred on Melrose Place, Devious Maids and now the Dynasty reboot, Grant Show seemingly lives for the drama — at least on screen.
“I like a serialized drama where it's about relationships and how that relationship develops,” the actor, 55, tells PEOPLE in this week's issue.
In The CW's Dynasty, he'll be reviving the role of Blake Carrington, played by the now-late John Forsythe in the '80s.
“Blake Carrington is not just your average soap opera character,” Show says. “He's very complex. He's a protagonist, but a very flawed protagonist. I was intrigued by that.”
The dad to 3-year-old Eloise (with wife and fellow actress Katherine LaNasa) thinks fans of the original Dynasty will be captivated as well.
RELATED VIDEO: Melrose Place Star Jack Wagner Remembers Meeting ‘The Most Beautiful Woman I Ever Saw in a Makeup Chair'
“We are doing a lot of homages to the original, right down to little scenes that are incredibly similar to things that happened in the original,” he explains, adding that the show maintains its soap=opera aura as it moves to prime time. “It's glamorous. It's opulent wealth. There's plenty of backstabbing, broken hearts and cat fights.”
Show even caught up with his former Melrose Place costar, Dynasty alum Heather Locklear, after taking the role.
“She told me what a nice man John Forsythe was,” says Show, adding that they didn't discuss whether Locklear would be down to return for the remake. “I don't think either one of us wanted to bring it up. But obviously I would love to work with her again. She's a fabulous lady.”
The UCLA grad admits that after leaving his gig with Locklear in 1997, finding a place in Hollywood post-Melrose Place wasn't exactly easy.
“It was kind of hard to move on,” he confesses. “It felt like I was yesterday's flavor and I wasn't going to get through that. And I really did consider trying to find another career. Fortunately, there was nothing else I wanted to do, so I redoubled my efforts to improve my work and just kept going at it.”
All his hard work has paid off, as Show says he “couldn't be happier” with where his life ended up toady.
“I've got a 3-and-a-half year old daughter, a beautiful wife, I'm working [on Dynasty] in lovely Georgia and I have a great group of people that I'm working with,” Show gushes. “I'm just having the most fun.”
Dynasty premieres Oct. 11 on The CW at 9 p.m. ET.
Argentina is out with a loss. A draw might get the Albicelestes into the playoffs, but that scenario is iffy.
In the event of a draw, Argentina makes the playoffs if Peru loses its final match with Colombia, and Paraguay fails to beat Venezuela.
"The situation is not comfortable," Sampaoli said. "But qualifying still depends on us. I remain hopeful that if we play like today (Thursday), we are going to qualify."
Argentina's problem? Goals.
In the last four matches it's scored just one. Sampaoli, whose teams are known for their attacking, has been in charge for three of those games.
To make matters worse, the lone goal was an own-goal against lowly Venezuela; this from the World Cup runners-up in Brazil three years ago who lost to Germany 1-0 in the final.
Argentina has only 16 goals in 17 qualifiers. Only Bolivia is worse with 14.
"We are a very strong team in knowing what to look for in each match," said Sampaoli, the third coach for Argentina in this World Cup cycle. "I'm at peace. These are strong players by nature."
But will that be enough?
By Ricardo Zuniga, The Associated Press
Home Contactor Accused of Failing to Deliver Services to Consumers in Central, Eastern Ohio
McCONNELSVILLE — Ohio Attorney General Mike DeWine today (March 19) filed a consumer protection lawsuit against a contractor accused of taking money for home improvement services he never provided to consumers in central and eastern Ohio.
Patrick Eltringham, of Malta, and his company Logan-Madison Construction LLC are accused of violating state consumer protection laws.
At least 10 consumers have filed complaints against Logan-Madison Construction in the past two years saying they paid for roofs, pole barns, siding, kitchen repairs, additions, or other home improvement services they never received as promised. Consumers complained that the work was shoddy or incomplete. Estimated consumer losses total more than $100,000.
“In this case, we found a pattern of people not getting what they paid for,” Attorney General DeWine said. “Our goal in taking this action is to protect consumers.”
The Attorney General's lawsuit, filed in the Morgan County Common Pleas Court, accuses Eltringham and Logan-Madison of failing to deliver promised services, performing shoddy work, and failing to provide required notices to consumers about their cancellation rights or construction contracts. In the lawsuit, the Attorney General seeks an end to any violations and reimbursement for affected consumers.
Attorney General DeWine offered consumers the following recommendations to avoid home improvement problems:
Research contractors carefully. Ask for recommendations, and talk to past customers about their experiences with a contractor. Search for complaints on file with the Ohio Attorney General's Office. Find out if the business is registered with the Ohio Secretary of State. Conduct an online search of the business name and the owner's name. Be skeptical if you find no information. Some operators change business names regularly to make it harder for consumers to detect their record of shoddy work.
Get multiple estimates. For a large job, consider contacting at least three different businesses before making a final selection. Keep in mind that the company that gives you the lowest estimate may not necessarily deliver the best results.
Understand your cancellation rights. If a home improvement contractor does not have a fixed place of business or comes to your door to offer services, you may be entitled to a three-day right to cancel the contract under Ohio's Home Solicitation Sales Act. Make sure you receive detailed written information about your cancellation rights.
Get verbal promises in writing. If a contractor makes verbal claims, make sure they are put in writing. Otherwise they are not guaranteed. Also make sure the written contract includes other important information such as the estimated cost, the expected start and end dates, and the names of the individuals who will perform the work.
Be wary of requests for large down payments. It's reasonable for a contractor to require a down payment, but be skeptical if you're asked to make a large down payment (such as half or more of the total cost) before any work begins. If possible, pay in increments as the work is completed.
Consumers who suspect an unfair or deceptive sales practice should contact the Ohio Attorney General's Office at www.OhioProtects.org or 800-282-0515.
The case of the counterfeit counter tops
Ohio Attorney General Mike DeWine announced that a Hamilton man has been indicted for allegedly stealing money from consumers after offering to install granite counter tops for them.
Michael J. Combs, 57, was indicted by a Hamilton County grand jury on the following charges:
One count of theft beyond the scope, a fourth-degree felony
One count of theft by deception, a fourth-degree felony
Three counts of theft beyond the scope, fifth-degree felonies
Three counts of theft by deception, fifth-degree felonies
Combs is accused of stealing about $19,300 from four consumers in the greater Cincinnati area. According to investigators, Combs operated under the names Granite Designs and First Choice Tops. He provided homeowners with estimates for new granite counter top installations and collected checks for the materials but allegedly never completed any of the work.
The case was investigated by the Ohio Attorney General's Economic Crimes Unit, a division of the Attorney General's Consumer Protection Section. An attorney with the Economic Crimes Unit was appointed by the Hamilton County Prosecutor to handle the case as a special prosecutor.
Consumers who suspect a scam or unfair sales practice should contact the Ohio Attorney General's Office at www.OhioProtects.org or 800-282-0515.
http://www.sunburynews.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/48/2018/03/web1_Mike-Dewine-2011.jpg
SINGAPORE, Feb 2 (Reuters) - South Korean messaging app service provider Kakao Corp is aiming to acquire global content providers in Japan and the United States after successfully raising $1 billion from foreign investors, a senior company executive said.
“Games are a very important sector of Kakao. So we are thinking of M&A for these sectors - content and platforms. Japan and the United States are our primary targets,” Bae Jae-hyun, an executive vice president at Kakao, told Reuters on Friday.
He was speaking after the company behind South Korea's dominant messaging app Kakao Talk, which has about 49 million users, listed its global depository receipts on the Singapore Exchange.
“If you see our portfolio, we have many verticals in Kakao group. Some of them are music, web literature and video on demand,” Bae said.
Kakao could spend more than 70 percent of the money raised from GDRs on M&A and acquire companies this year and in early 2019, he said.
The company, which counts an affiliate of China's Tencent Holdings among its investors, is seeking to diversify and reduce its reliance on its messaging app, which has come under pressure from rivals such as Naver Corp.
“Messaging itself is not a cash cow ... Under the messaging platform, we are creating many businesses,” Bae said.
Kakao has expanded its business beyond its app to co-developing artificial intelligence technology with companies such as Hyundai Motor, taxi and ride hailing, e-books and other services.
“We expanded to Indonesia and we are aiming to go into the Japan market, which is huge in Asia. And we are also thinking of China and East Asia and the United States,” Bae said. (Additional reporting by Ju-min Park in SEOUL; Editing by Stephen Coates)
Excluded from the bill's coverage are gift checks issued to customers 'under loyalty, rewards or promotional programs,' coupons, and vouchers
Published 7:00 PM, August 14, 2017
MANILA, Philippines – The Senate on Monday, August 14, passed on 3rd and final reading the bill seeking to prohibit the imposition of expiry dates on gift checks, certificates, or cards.
Voting 22-0, senators approved Senate Bill 1466, which prohibits sellers from issuing gift checks that have expiration dates. It also prohibits merchants from refusing to honor the unused value, credit, or balance stored in a gift check.
Senator Juan Miguel Zubiri, chairman of the Senate committee on trade and commerce, said all consumers would benefit from the measure once it is passed into law.
"A gift certificate, check, or card is, for all intents and purposes, good as cash. It is purchased with money and money having no expiry date, it follows that gift checks must bear no expiry date. Once enacted, this will firm up the gains of consumers, both buyers and recipients of gift checks," Zubiri said in a statement.
Excluded from the bill's coverage are gift checks issued to customers "under loyalty, rewards or promotional programs, as determined by the Department of Trade and Industry (DTI)," coupons, and vouchers.
The bill also allows issuers and merchants not to honor gift checks that have been mutilated or defaced, with no fault of the issuer or seller.
Any person who violates the bill would be fined at least P50,000 but not more than P1 million.
A counterpart measure is up for 2nd reading in the House of Representatives.
In 2012, the DTI already started banning the issuance of gift checks or certificates with expiry dates. – Rappler.com
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Showers and storms today for some. Could be some heavy downpours. Click and watch the forecast video for details.
Roseanne‘s Alicia Goranson is sharing her shock after the ABC show was canceled following racist comments made by star Roseanne Barr on Monday night.
The actress — who starred in the original run of the show and in the 2018 reprisal as Barr's onscreen daughter Becky — shared Wednesday that she was heartbroken by the cancellation of the show.
“Devastated by the cancellation of @RoseanneOnABC,” Goranson, 43, tweeted in a screenshot taken by Deadline. “But more devastating are the effects of hate speech and racism on individuals and society. Thank you for your support. And, in the spirit of our amazing crew, spread love not hate!”
ABC pulled the plug on the sitcom on Tuesday one day after the show's star tweeted a since-deleted attack on Valerie Jarrett, a former advisor to Barack Obama during his administration.
Alicia Goranson and Roseanne Barr on the ABC sitcom Roseanne Adam Rose/ABC via Getty
“Muslim brotherhood & planet of the apes had a baby = vj,” she wrote, using Jarrett's initials in response to a tweeted conspiracy theory about the Obama administration.
The comedian went on a destructive Twitter-spree on Tuesday night, retweeting people who supported her, only to backtrack and tweet that they should not defend her.
RELATED: Roseanne Barr Feels ‘Misunderstood' After Racist Tweet Scandal: ‘She's in Deep Darkness,' Source Says
Barr attributed her racist Twitter spree to her use of sleep medication Ambien.
“Don't feel sorry for me, guys!!-I just want to apologize to the hundreds of people, and wonderful writers (all liberal) and talented actors who lost their jobs on my show due to my stupid tweet,” Barr tweeted.
Roseanne Barr Vera Anderson/WireImage
“She's in deep darkness and is very remorseful,” a source told PEOPLE. “Being a comedian, she writes stuff she thinks is funny, but it's always misunderstood. She's not intentionally hurtful. They all loved each other on the Roseanne set. It really was one big happy family.”
Alicia Goranson Lorenzo Bevilaqua via Getty
Sara Gilbert, 43, who played Roseanne's daughter Darlene, also reacted on Twitter, saying that Barr's comments were “abhorrent and do not reflect the beliefs of our cast and crew or anyone associated with our show. I am disappointed with her actions to say the least.”
Barr replied, “Wow! unreal.”
Wow! unreal. — Roseanne Barr (@therealroseanne) May 30, 2018
Michael Fishman, who played Barr's son D.J. during the show's original run and its 2018 reboot, tweeted that he was “devastated” by the show getting canceled and denounced his TV mom's remarks.
RELATED VIDEO: ABC Cancels Roseanne, Calls Roseanne Barr's Racist Tweet ‘Abhorrent' and ‘Repugnant'
“Our cast, crew, writers, and production staff strived for inclusiveness, with numerous storylines designed to reflect inclusiveness,” he wrote. “The words of one person do not exemplify the thinking of all involved.”
Fishman added, “I condemn these statements vehemently. They are reprehensible and intolerable, contradicting my beliefs and outlook on life and society. I have always lived and taught my children to be inclusive. I believe our show strived to embrace different backgrounds and opinions, through open dialogue.”
Want to keep up on the latest from PEOPLE? Sign up for our daily newsletter to get our best stories of the day delivered straight to your inbox.
In response to a fan's tweet defending Barr and criticizing her costars for turning their backs, the outspoken Donald Trump supporter said, “I feel bad for @POTUS-he goes thru this every single day.”
Barr also placed blame for the cancellation on Wanda Sykes, a consulting producer on the sitcom who announced on social media that she would “not be returning” to Roseanne following the first tweet about Jarrett.
“Her tweet made ABC very nervous and they cancelled the show,” Barr said in response to a fan's tweet.
Tiger Woods reportedly had multiple drugs in his system at the time of his May 29 DUI arrest in Jupiter, Florida.
Woods, who was arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence, took Vicodin, Dilaudid, Xanax, Ambien and tetrahydrocannabinol (THC), according to the 41-year-old golfer's toxicology report released by the Palm Beach County Sheriff's Office on Monday and obtained by ESPN.
A urine test revealed hydrocodone and hydromorphone, two opioid pain medications, and alprazolam, prescribed for anxiety and panic disorders. In addition, there was zolpidem, a sedative prescribed for insomnia, as well as metabolites of alprazolam and of THC, the active ingredient in marijuana.
A report, issued by the Jupiter Police Department Woods, in May confirmed that Woods had no alcohol in his system.
Woods' speech as being “slow, sluggish, very slurred,” the officer wrote in the report, adding that he was “cooperative as much as possible. Extremely sleepy. Hard to keep eyes open and hard to walk.” He allegedly failed the sobriety test badly, and was unable to put his finger on his nose, walk a straight line, or stand on one leg, according to the report.
Last week, Woods pleaded not guilty to a DUI charge stemming from his but will reportedly enter a DUI diversion program later this year.
PEOPLE previously confirmed that the athlete's legal team entered the plea on his behalf on Wednesday. A spokesman for the state attorney told the Palm Beach Post that Woods has agreed to enter a first-time DUI offender diversion program.
The diversion program allows participants to serve 12 months of probation under special conditions as well as requires that they plead guilty to a reckless driving charge, which they can later have expunged.
Woods has an arraignment on a reckless driving charge scheduled for Oct. 25 at 8:30 a.m. He is not required to attend.
Police in the Maldives said on Wednesday they had arrested two suspects for the murder of a prominent liberal blogger who was critical of Islamist radicalism and government corruption.
Social media activist Yameen Rasheed was stabbed to death on April 23. He had fronted a campaign to find a journalist presumed abducted in 2014, and his death has increased concerns over free speech in the Maldives.
The tropical Indian Ocean archipelago of 400,000 people has been mired in political instability since its uneasy shift to democracy in 2008, and critics accuse President Abdulla Yameen of autocratic behaviour.
"Through this arrest and several leads uncovered by the investigation team, the Maldives Police Service is confident that the investigation into this case can be successfully concluded in the coming days," the police said in a statement.
The government has faced international pressure to investigate Rasheed's murder, the fourth such crime in the Maldives in the past five years.
The main opposition Maldivian Democratic Party (MDP) have demanded an international probe, citing lack of police action over the previous crimes, which as well as the abduction of the journalist also include the murder of a legislator and an attack on another journalist.
Rasheed's father, Hussain Rasheed, also called on Wednesday for an international investigation, telling Reuters that he did not trust the Maldives' police.
Close friends of Rasheed have said the 29-year-old blogger complained of receiving death threats after he posted criticism of radical Islam, but the police failed to act.
MDP spokesman Hamid Abdul Ghafoor expressed scepticism over the arrests.
"Absolutely nothing has happened in the past five years over the other three crimes. But now suddenly within barely a week they say they have arrested two people. This is to impress the disgruntled public," Ghafoor told Reuters.
Significant numbers of radicalised Maldives youths have enlisted to fight for Islamic State in the Middle East. Diplomats have told Reuters that moderate Islamists have been threatened via social media for their "anti-Islamic" views.
Many potential challengers in elections due in 2018 have been arrested for alleged security offences, while several activists have also been detained.
International criticism of the Maldives government increased after former president Mohamed Nasheed was jailed in 2015 on terrorism charges following a rapid trial that observers said was politically motivated.
(Reporting by Shihar Aneez; Editing by Gareth Jones)
(Updates to close)
March 30 Australian shares rose for a third-straight day on Thursday, boosted by strength in financial and consumer stocks after data showed households' net worth rose to a record high, boding well for spending in the face of tepid growth.
The S&P/ASX 200 index rose 0.4 percent, or 22.68 points, to 5,896.20, its highest close since April 2015. The 5,900 level hasn't been breached in almost two years.
The market has been supported by improving global growth prospects, a steadying in Australia's major trading partner China as well as on expectations of a stimulus-boost for the U.S. economy under U.S. President Donald Trump.
While global markets wobbled this week on Trump's stumble on a key healthcare reform bill, Australian stocks have held their own on the back of upbeat domestic news.
On Thursday, data from the Australian Bureau of Statistics showed households saw their wealth balloon to a record A$11.7 trillion ($8.96 trillion) last quarter as cash holdings topped a trillion dollars for the first time ever.
This accumulation of wealth is a major reason the Reserve Bank of Australia (RBA) considers household balance sheets to be in good repair overall and augurs well for consumer spending.
Retail giant Wesfarmers Ltd rose 1.4 percent to touch a more than 5-month closing high while Woolworths Ltd climbed 1.3 percent.
Elsewhere, banks extended their bull run driven by optimism over earnings for the financial sector. National Australia Bank ended 0.8 percent higher to hit a 20-month closing high.
The benchmark has posted 16 new 52-week highs and no new lows.
New Zealand's benchmark S&P/NZX 50 index advanced 0.5 percent or 35.54 points to finish the session at 7,169.11 points.
Telecom stocks accounted for most of the gains.
Xero Ltd was the biggest percentage gainer, rising 3 percent. The accounting software firm said it recently surpassed one million subscribers on its global cloud accounting platform, doubling subscriber numbers in less than two years.
($1 = 1.3062 Australian dollars) (Reporting By Shashwat Pradhan in Bengaluru; Editing by Shri Navaratnam)
BRIEF-Guizhou Xinbang Pharmaceutical receives GMP certificate
* Says co received goods manufacture practice (GMP) certificate from Guizhou Food and Drug Administration, for pills (condensed pills) manufactured by co and the valid period is until June 11, 2022
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
CHITTAGONG, Bangladesh — Sri Lanka set up a potential final-day victory in the first test against Bangladesh after smashing 713-9 Saturday before reducing the hosts to 81-3 in their second innings.
Bangladesh still trails Sri Lanka by 119 runs with first-innings centurion Mominul Haque 18 not out at stumps on Day 4 with an increasingly deteriorating pitch.
Sri Lanka declared its first innings two overs after tea, having reached the second highest total against Bangladesh. Sri Lanka also scored the highest — 730-6 declared in 2010 in Dhaka.
Openers Tamim Iqbal and Imrul Kayes made an aggressive start for Bangladesh which amassed 513 runs in its first innings, but Kayes played an expensive sweep shot against off-spinner Dilruwan Perera to throw away his wicket for 19.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
TIMBERLAKE, N.C. -- A North Carolina woman says her insurance was canceled because of a picture of her dog on Facebook.
Melina Efthimiadis and her husband say they are low risk clients. However, when they tried to add personal umbrella liability to their homeowner's insurance, Nationwide canceled their policy, according to WTVD.
Efthimiadis said she had included the family's three dogs – a Shih Tzu, a hound and a Lab/hound mix – on the application, but the company claimed they had failed to disclose that they owned a Rottweiler mix, considered a dangerous breed.
The mix-up apparently came from Efthimiadis' own Facebook photo of her pups playing in the snow.
"They sent us the pictures that they had taken off of my Facebook page of my dog Zeus who is a Lab/hound mix," she told WTVD.
Melina, who works as a veterinarian, was able to prove it to the company and Nationwide Insurance reversed its decision.
In the end, however, Melina said they decided to switch to another insurance company anyway.
"Be careful of what you post on Facebook," she told the station. "It's sad that you can't post pictures of your beloved pet on your own Facebook page and have it public."
TOPEKA, Kan. (AP) — A budget proposal that puts a passenger train route that passes through Kansas at risk is raising concerns.
The Topeka Capital-Journal reports that President Donald Trump's budget calls for the elimination of federal subsidies for some money-losing long-distance train routes.
Amtrak spokesman Marc Magliari said in an email that the final and full budget plan for Amtrak's federal aid hasn't been released.
But he confirmed that among “several services targeted” would be the Southwest Chief, which spans from Chicago to Los Angeles. It has stops in several Kansas towns, including Topeka, Lawrence, Garden City and Hutchinson.
Congresswoman Lynn Jenkins has voiced concern, saying that “infrastructure is vital to Kansas and rural America.” Kansas generates just shy of 50,000 passengers per year for Amtrak.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup he co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
Sky Academy has launched its established scholarship programme to support and fund stars of the future across Europe for the first time.
The Sky Academy Sports Scholarship scheme is entering its third cycle of supporting young athletes and sporting protégés, but this year will expand outside of the Ireland and the UK to incorporate Italy and Germany with 12 places in total.
Sky will select one promising young athlete from both Germany and Italy and provide them with financial support, a Sky mentor and developmental training, in order to help them achieve their sporting goals. Ten candidates will be selected from Ireland and the UK to receive the same support.
The new scholars will be joining a programme which has helped over 20 young sportsmen and women. Notable alumni include Olympic medallists, Katie Taylor (Gold – Boxing), Louis Smith (Silver – gymnastics) and Siobhan Marie O'Connor (Silver – swimming), as well as Paralympian Mark Rohan (Gold – paracycling) and Elise Christie (World Silver medallist – speed skating).
Another new feature of the 2017-2021 scheme will see all individual sports considered, not solely Olympic disciplines. Sky will be selecting athletes competing in any individual sport and will consider sports that have not previously been represented on the scheme, such as climbing, karting/motorsports, tennis and golf.
Tony Lester, Head of the Sky Academy Sports Scholarship Scheme, commented: “Since starting the scheme at Sky we have worked to deliver more support to even more people. By launching our third cycle of scholars, we are providing a once in a lifetime opportunity to athletes from more countries and more sports than ever before.”
Mark English, Sky Sports Scholar (2015-2017) and European Indoor Silver medallist said: “I've had the most enjoyable two years as a Sky Sports Scholar. The support you get at such a crucial time of your career is second to none. Thanks to Sky, I've been able to completely focus on my running and development, knowing a solid team is behind me all the way. I'd definitely recommend any young athlete to apply because the opportunities you get are endless.”
Prospective scholars from the United Kingdom and Ireland are encouraged to apply via the website http://www.skysports.com/scholarships. Applications open on Wednesday 15 February and close midnight Sunday 26 March. Applications are open to 16-25 year olds who are at the very top of their sport. Successful applicants will be announced in September 2017.
(Updates prices) By Melanie Burton MELBOURNE, April 6 London copper eased on Thursday as trade was thin ahead of a meeting between the leaders of China and the United States, but Chinese demand underpinned prices as the seasonally the strongest quarter for industrial metals gets underway. In Asia, investors were paring risk before a potentially tense meeting between U.S. President Donald Trump and Chinese counterpart Xi Jinping later on Thursday where China's trade surplus will be high on the agenda. A flurry of data in coming weeks is expected to show China posted solid economic growth in March. That momentum should carry over into higher metals demand during the second quarter, when consumption typically peaks in China. "Prices are likely to remain buoyant as Chinese markets reopen amid growing positive sentiment around Chinese growth," said ANZ in a note. * LME COPPER: Three-month copper on the London Metal Exchange eased by 0.2 percent to $5,883.50 a tonne by 0705 GMT, paring 2 percent gains from the previous session when Chinese buyers returned from a long holiday weekend. * SHFE COPPER: Futures Exchange copper ended up 1 pct at 47,810 yuan ($6,929) a tonne. Shfe tin rallied 2.6 percent. * LEAD, ZINC: Australian miner South32 Ltd on Thursday said its Cannington silver and lead mine in the country's northeast had been hit by a fire, forcing it to cut output forecasts. * ASIA GROWTH: Developing Asia is on track to post its slowest annual growth in 16 years this year as it adjusts to China's rebalancing and possible spillovers from global policy uncertainty, the Asian Development Bank said. * FREEPORT: Freeport McMoRan Inc is awaiting final details on a temporary export permit in Indonesia, which would end a 12-week ban that has cost the world's biggest publicly traded copper company nearly $1 billion in lost revenues, its top executives told Reuters on Wednesday. * COPPER: The copper business will recover from crisis mode after plummeting prices for the metal resulted in output cuts, industry executives said at a meeting in world top copper producer Chile this week, but they expect that incipient recovery will be slow. PRICES BASE METALS PRICES 0705 GMT Three month LME copper 5879 Most active ShFE copper 47810 Three month LME aluminium 1961 Most active ShFE 10 aluminium Three month LME zinc 2785.5 Most active ShFE zinc 23085 Three month LME lead 2308 Most active ShFE lead 1 Three month LME nickel 10260 Most active ShFE nickel 8 Three month LME tin 20345 Most active ShFE tin 2 BASE METALS ARBITRAGE LME/SHFE COPPER LMESHFCUc3 673.71 LME/SHFE ALUMINIUM LMESHFALc3 -1602.16 LME/SHFE ZINC LMESHFZNc3 319.23 LME/SHFE LEAD LMESHFPBc3 -1424.28 LME/SHFE NICKEL LMESHFNIc3 2005 ($1 = 6.9000 Chinese yuan) (Reporting by Melanie Burton; Editing by Christian Schmollinger and Amrutha Gayathri)
Super League champions Wigan Warriors did just enough to defeat hosts Wakefield Trinity 16-10 at the Beaumont Legal Stadium this afternoon.
Sean O'Loughlin barged through for a try converted by Morgan Escare with only five minutes gone to give the visitors a flying start.
However, Trinity opened their account only three minutes later with a score from Scott Grix and Liam Finn then kicked a penalty on 24 minutes to level matters.
Anthony Gelling was given a yellow card but nevertheless, Warriors hit the front 10 minutes before the break with a self-converted try from Escare.
Ben Jones-Bishop crossed in the corner to cut the deficit to two points shortly before the interval and the score remained 12-10 until three minutes from time when Liam Marshall crossed the whitewash to settle the game.
Take a chance on surprising survivors advises Steven Desmond.
If there is one thing that distinguishes British gardens from those in other countries, it's the obvious interest in plant content above any other consideration. There are good reasons for this. Given our variable but reasonable climate, it's no wonder we are inclined to try plants the book says won't grow where we live.
This knowledge is always gradually changing. Britain is full of handsome camellia glasshouses of the early 19th century, all built before it was realised that camellias are perfectly hardy in our climate. On the other hand, I remember growing Diascia rigescens, a pretty pink perennial from southern Africa, and thinking this was the future, but it became apparent that it objected to our winters. As nothing beats personal experience, let me wave a few examples that show how wrong the books can be.
For many years, I worked for a horticultural college in Durham that was well known for its spectacular frost pocket, to the extent that the Met Office has twice published special reports on its fearsome powers. Let it not be thought, then, that I write regarding some cossetted spot.
On one south-facing brick wall, we grew Eccremocarpus scaber, the Chilean glory flower, which standard reference works inform me will just about grow in sheltered corners of gardens in the south of England. Well, it grew and flowered magnificently in Durham and came back stronger each year, so it's obviously hardier than generally supposed.
Other sites in Durham taught me lessons, too. I remember finding a perfect mature specimen of Pittosporum tenuifolium, that elegant wavy-leaved New Zealand evergreen, in the back garden of a house in South Street famed for its fabulous view of the west front of Durham Cathedral. It's seldom seen in the North-East, but this was the equal of any in the balmy South-West, evidence that, with a little care and thoughtful placement, our plant menu might be much longer.
A little further south, but in the same climatic band, I worked at another such college near York, where the view into the principal's office window was cunningly obscured by a big bush of Poncirus trifoliata. It was the very picture of health and vigour, yet no textbooks would advise planting the Japanese bitter orange, a citrus in all but name, on a glacial moraine in the Vale of York. It has a magnificent structure of evergreen thorny shoots, adorned in spring with large, sweetly scented white flowers, followed by a crop of golfball-sized oranges that make excellent marmalade. In the right position, I'm sure it would do well in most British gardens.
Not far away, I once worked in a lovely garden at Nun Monkton, up the road towards Harrogate. The soil was a brick-making clay. On the lawn in front of the big house was, and is, a magnificent specimen of Sophora japonica, a big, broad-crowned deciduous tree laden in September with white pendulous bunches of pea flowers. I've never seen another one outside a botanical garden in this country (cue an avalanche of contradictory letters) and frankly wonder why not.
My present garden is in a different world, shallow chalk in Hampshire, but 600ft up, so pretty fresh at times. Three years ago, I cautiously placed the ‘common' myrtle, Myrtus communis, in a west-facing spot backed by a mature conifer. It's been clobbered by the frost a few times, but always made a good recovery and is now beginning to look handsomely mature. In fact, it's doing so well I wonder whether I should have pushed the boat out a bit further and planted its elegant cousin Luma apiculata (which we used to call Myrtus luma) instead. The search is now on for the right spot.
If there are certain general rules to be drawn from all this, the following might do for a start. Many doubtful plants will gain from the shelter of a grove of established trees and shrubs, where frost seldom penetrates. A south-facing wall will encourage the ripening of wood on sun-worshippers, which will enable them to flower and fruit. And protection from the morning sun will allow frosted tissues to thaw gradually, so that a westerly aspect will always be a kindness to plants of a delicate disposition.
These are broad generalisations and each case will be different, but the message is clear: stop wondering and get on with it. Fortune favours the bold!
Steven Desmond is a freelance landscape consultant, specialising in the conservation of historic gardens
A building housing chemicals caught fire Monday in Jackson County. The fire is out, but firefighters are now working to stop any smoke that could be coming from the chemicals.
Gautier firefighters were successful in putting out the flames, now they're working to extinguish smoke that may be coming from chemicals. pic.twitter.com/hJKgmousEZ — Victor Williams (@VictorWLOX) April 17, 2017
The building belongs to Glass Pac Industries. Owner Ronald Skelton said the fire started as an accident while he was working on a motorcycle and quickly got out of hand.
Copyright 2017 WLOX. All rights reserved.
FILE PHOTO: Leader of the Democratic Alliance Mmusi Maimane is pictured ahead of President Jacob Zuma's State of the Nation Address (SONA) to a joint sitting of the National Assembly and the National Council of Provinces in Cape Town, South Africa February 9, 2017. REUTERS/Sumaya Hisham
JOHANNESBURG South Africa's parliament said on Wednesday a motion of no confidence in President Jacob Zuma can only be withdrawn by opposition leader Mmusi Maimane and not the Speaker, responding to requests by the opposition to delay the vote.
The Constitutional Court said on Tuesday it would consider whether the no-confidence vote should be taken by secret ballot. Opposition leader Mmusi Maimane then requested the Speaker to delay the vote until the case was determined.
(Reporting by Nqobile Dludla; Editing by James Macharia)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
May 2 Irb Infrastructure Developers Ltd
* IRB Invit Fund says allots 205.3 million units at 102 rupees per unit aggregating to about 20.95 billion rupees to 28 anchor investors Further company coverage:
Advanced Excel training to get you started with VBA to take your automation knowledge beyond the macro recorder.
AtoZ logo 250X250px-googleplus
Media Contact
AtoZ Compliance.
2754 80th Avenue, New Hyde Park, NY 11040
8444141400
***@atozcompliance.com AtoZ Compliance.2754 80th Avenue, New Hyde Park, NY 110408444141400
End
--This webinar gets you started with VBA - the programming language that is built in to Excel and the other applications in the MS Office Suite. It's aimed at advanced users of Excel dashboard course, with little or no programming experience, who wish to take their level of automation knowledge in Microsoft Excel training beyond the macro recorder.VBA is the programming language that is built in to Excel (and the other applications in the MS Office Suite). VBA is used to automate tasks that would otherwise have to be performed manually by pressing keys and selecting items with the mouse - and if that sounds like a macro - well it is.But, there's a limit to what the macro recorder can do. So, where the macro recorder's functionality ends, VBA takes over. At a more advanced level, VBA enables you to, amongst other things, build your own worksheet functions, create automated workflows and control and interact with other applications.VBA is one of the must-have skills for advanced Excel training for Excel Power Users. VBA will save you, your colleagues and your customers hours of time by allowing you to automate any Excel-based task or process. If you've never used VBA before and you'd like to learn about the basics of VBA and automation, this Excel training online webinar is for you.Getting familiar with the VBA editorUnderstanding VBA jargon such as procedures, modules, methods and propertiesHow to edit an existing macroHow to write a simple macro from scratch using VBACreating inline documentationCommonly used VBA functionality including IF statements, Looping statements and variablesUsing VBA to control what happens a file is opened or closedHow to create your own worksheet functionsAdvanced users of Excel across IndustriesAnyone who wants to do Microsoft Excel training onlineEmail: support@atozcompliance.comToll Free: +1- 844-414-1400Tel: +1-516-900-5509AdvancedMike ThomasMike Thomas has worked in the IT training business since 1989. His expertise and experience covers creating and delivering training courses, writing training materials and recording and editing video-based tutorials.He is a subject-matter expert in a range of Microsoft technologies and has also worked extensively with Mac OSX and Mac-related software since 2006, however, his passion is for all-things-Excel.Mike is a Fellow of 'The Learning and Performance Institute' and has worked with and for a large number of global and UK-based companies and organizations across a diverse range of sectors.In addition to training, he designs and develops Microsoft Office-based solutions that automate key business tasks and processes.
× Is your data safe on Facebook? Not really
NEW YORK — Your personal information is Facebook's currency. It's bought and sold every day.
When advertisers want to target a specific group of customers who, for example, are a particular age and have a certain political affiliation or interest, Facebook makes that possible. The stuff you share and the inferences Facebook makes about you are packaged together with similar people's data, stripped of names and sold to companies. That allows businesses to put ads in front of people they're certain they can influence.
On Facebook, you are the product. Advertisers are the customer.
Facebook's not alone. Most advertiser-supported networks sell some of your information to third parties. Google, Microsoft, Yahoo, AOL, Amazon, Twitter and Yelp do the same.
Related: What You need to know about Facebook's data debacle
Giving up our privacy is the price we pay for getting to use Facebook for free. Most of the time, that tradeoff works: People take advantage of free services by posting, searching and sharing. Most companies that collect our data use it for legitimate purposes and within the bounds that companies like Facebook permit.
That arrangement has turned Facebook and Google into online advertising juggernauts. They have built massive audiences of billions of customers, and advertisers flock to them. Facebook and Google control three-quarters of the $83 billion digital advertising market in the United States, according to eMarketer.
But the customer-is-the-product deal doesn't always work to the user's advantage. This weekend, the public learned data company Cambridge Analytica improperly accessed 50 million Facebook users' personal information to try to influence the 2016 election.
Internet companies have a financial disincentive to give users more control over their data. If people share less, social networks will earn less money.
Related: Facebook announces forensic audit of Trump data firm Cambridge Analytica
Most companies offer privacy settings, and some even let you leave and take your data with you. But they don't make it easy, and critics say social networks and internet companies should give users far more say about which data ends up in advertisers' hands — and when.
“Tech companies can and should do more to protect users, including giving users far more control over what data is collected and how that data is used,” said the Electronic Freedom Foundation in a statement. “That starts with meaningful transparency.”
Once you share something on any digital service, your personal information leaves your control. Cambridge Analytica serves as a stark reminder of that.
Related: Why nobody can tell Mark Zuckerberg what to do
The researcher who initially obtained the Facebook users' data did so properly, but Facebook says he broke its rules when he passed that information to Cambridge Analytica without users' authorization. That's the tricky thing with data: Once it's out there, it's hard to out boundaries around it. Facebook trusts companies and researchers who obtain your data to use it properly. If they break the rules, Facebook can punish them (it suspended Cambridge Analytica, for example), but only after your data has already been used illicitly.
“It's difficult to police after it's left your secure perimeter,” said Rik Ferguson, vice president of security research at Trend Micro. “Cambridge took advantage of the porousness of Facebook.”
(MENAFN - Muscat Daily) Muscat- After imposing ban on poultry imports from ten European nations as well as Japan and three Indian states in the last couple of months, Oman has extended the ban to Greece, Italy, Uganda, Kuwait and the Indian state of Gujarat.
H E Dr Fuad bin Jaafar bin Mohammed al Sajwani, Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries, issued a decision on the import ban, said the Ministry of Agriculture and Fisheries (MoAF) in a statement. The restriction will continue till it is clear that the flu is contained. In mid January, MoAF imposed a ban on import of poultry products from Ukraine, Hungary, Bulgaria, Poland, Finland and Japan.
While in December, it banned imports from Germany, Austria, the Netherlands, Denmark, Sweden and the Indian states of Punjab, Haryana and Karnataka. Widespread Highly Pathogenic Avian Influenza (HPAI) virs outbreak has been reported in many European countries as well as from several Asian countries since November 2016.
Kuwait reported an outbreak of the highly contagious H5N8 bird flu virus in ducks, geese and pheasants in January, according to the World Organisation for Animal Health (OIE). Some 144 birds were found dead in the region of Al Jarah. Uganda too reported first case of bird flu in January in Entebbe, on the banks of Lake Victoria, and another in the Masaka district about 120km west of Kampala. Avian Influenza (AI) or Bird Flu is a highly contagious viral infection which can affect all species of birds and can manifest itself in different ways depending mainly on the ability of the virus to cause disease (pathogenicity) and on the species affected.
MENAFN1402201701410000ID1095248635
From Harford Community College:
Harford County Executive Barry Glassman presented a citation to honor Harford Community College's men's and women's basketball teams on March 15 in the APGFCU Arena at HCC. The Harford Fighting Owls men's head basketball coach Mike Smelkinson and women's head basketball coach Mike Seney accepted the citation together on behalf of Harford Community College.
Harford's Fighting Owls won both the regular season and conference tournament championships in both men's and women's basketball, a clean sweep for the first time in league history. The men finished in first place in the MDJUCO Conference with a 13-1 mark and swept three games in the tournament, clinching the title with a win over Cecil. The women were a perfect 10-0 in regular season league play and their three-game sweep in the tournament ended with a win over Baltimore City in the championship game. The women's team had to beat Baltimore City in the Region 20 Division I championship game to advance to the districts; this is the fifth consecutive year the Fighting Owls beat Baltimore City in the regional championship game.
Harford men's season ended at the NJCAA Region 20 Division I Semifinals on March 4 with a loss to Baltimore City.
Harford women won the District Championship On March 9 beating ASA 75-65 to earn their third consecutive trip to the NJCAA Division I Tournament in Lubbock, Texas. HCC is the #16 seed and will play the #17 seed Odessa College on Monday, March 19 at 11 AM.
ALBERTVILLE, France — Nicolas Mahut and Pierre-Hugues Herbert beat Robin Haase and Jean-Julien Rojer 7-6 (6), 6-3, 6-7 (3), 7-6 (2) to give defending champion France a 2-1 lead against the Netherlands in the first round of the Davis Cup World Group on Saturday.
France clinched victory on its first match point in a tough encounter where the Dutch pair had chances to take early control.
In the 10th game of the match, Herbert saved three set points on his serve. After the Dutch then saved a set point in the tiebreaker, France clinched the first set when Herbert's stabbed backhand volley at the net was too good for Haase.
There are two reverse singles to decide the contest on Sunday — Adrian Mannarino vs. Haase, and Richard Gasquet vs. Thiemo De Bakker.
By Hayden Wright
After a rocky start to 2017, Mariah Carey seems to have hit her stride with new music and a new boyfriend. The elusive chanteuse split with Australian billionaire James Packer last year and quickly moved on with Bryan Tanaka, a backup dancer who appears on her docuseries Mariah's World. The pair shared an intimate Valentine's Day photo in a large copper bathtub.
Related: Mariah Carey Shares Music Video for ‘I Don't' Featuring YG
Mimi wished her followers a happy Valentine's Day and selected some hashtags: #happy, #moments and #bubbles. She seems to have put a public breakup and humiliating technical difficulties on New Year's Eve behind her. Cheers!
Take a peek at Mariah's carefree, festive Valentine's Day here:
LAGOS, March 31 South Africa's Tiger Brands is still interested in investing in Nigeria despite pulling out of a flour milling business it acquired that never turned a profit, local conglomerate UAC said on Friday.
UAC's chief executive said its partnership with the food company was paying dividends and in recent conversations the South African firm had said Nigeria remained important as it looked to expand abroad.
Tiger Brands sold its 65.7 percent stake in its loss making Nigerian division for $1 to Dangote Industries Limited, having bought it for $200 million in 2012. (Reporting by Chijioke Ohuocha; Editing by Greg Mahlich)
The season may be over, but Individual honors for the Winona football team following the Tigers' MHSAA Region 2-2A championship and playoff run to the state championship game are pouring in.
---
The content you're trying to view is available for Premium Content Subscribers only. Online subscription options are available and are complimentary to all existing print subscribers of The WINONA TIMES and The CONSERVATIVE.
If you're an existing subscriber (print or digital) and already have your Username and Password, click here: http://winonatimes.com/user/login
If you're an existing print subscriber and need to activate your online account, click here: http://winonatimes.com/existing-subscribers
As part of its determination to increase foreign exchange liquidity and improve access by Small and Medium Enterprises (SMEs) and retail businesses, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has introduced the use of FORM X for the SMEs that requires just basic documentation.
Confirming the new development, the apex Bank spokesman, Mr Isaac Okorafor, said that the innovative measure is intended to ease documentation challenges usually encountered by this category of businesses.
He further explained that the new form which must be completed by all SME applicants requires the applicant to fill the form with a supporting application letter as well as beneficiary invoice and bank wire transfer.
The objective of the new guideline, he added, is to remove obstacles usually encountered by those whose forex needs for either visibles or invisibles were as small as or less than $10,000. He reiterated the apex bank's determination to continue to ensure adequate supply of forex for genuine transactions in the coming days.
Kesha is shouting out her support for Taylor Swift, following the 1989 singer's court battle with former radio DJ David Mueller.
“I support you always,” Kesha tweeted Monday morning, “and especially right now and admire your strength and fearlessness. Truth is always the answer.”
. @taylorswift13 i support you always, and especially right now and admire your strength and fearlessness. truth is always the answer. — kesha (@KeshaRose) August 14, 2017
Mueller brought a suit against Swift, claiming that the pop star had ruined his career by alleging that he had groped” her in 2013. The case was dealt a defeat last week when the judge threw out his case, citing insufficient evidence. Swift, who testified during the trial and was present for the ruling, was “visibly emotional,” PEOPLE reported.
GALLERY: Taylor Swift's Trial: See the Courtroom Sketches
Mueller's suit against Swift's mother Andrea, however, is ongoing, as is Swift's against him for sexual assault.
Swift famously aided Kesha in her own recent legal battle against Dr. Luke, donating $250,000 to the star to help pay her attorneys.
This article originally appeared on Ew.com
LONDON CME Group (CME.O), one of the world's biggest exchanges, is closing two operations in London by year end after they ran up losses of more than $100 million (80 million pounds), saying on Wednesday customers preferred using its U.S. operations.
The Chicago Mercantile Exchange Group, whose products include futures contracts on commodities such as wheat and cocoa, said that after closing its UK-based derivatives exchange and clearing house, it would continue to have a significant operation to serve European customers.
"While Europe continues to be a critically important and expanding market for CME Group ... our customers have shown that they prefer to access our global products, deep liquidity and greater capital efficiencies through our U.S. infrastructure," William Knottenbelt, CME Group senior managing director, international, said in a statement.
Analysts said the CME had failed to win market share in Europe, where arch U.S. rival ICE (ICE.N), as well as Deutsche Boerse (DB1Gn.DE) and the London Stock Exchange's LCH (LSE.L), dominate.
"CME Europe had a challenging time establishing itself and was not making the headway some had hoped," said Patrick Young, an exchange industry consultant. "Thus in the short term CME Group chairman Terry Duffy consolidates his position as CEO by being seen as a cost cutter."
CME employs 400 people in London and Belfast. A spokeswoman for the company said only a "very small single-digit percentage" of those would be affected.
CUMULATIVE LOSSES
Since CME Europe launched, Duffy has explained its slow start by saying it takes time to get such start-ups off the ground. He took over as CEO after Phupinder Gill retired last year.
CME's London clearing house was launched in 2011 and the derivatives trading platform followed in 2014. Cumulative losses from the two operations totalled $112 million by the end of last year, mostly from the clearing unit.
Customers from Europe traded an average of 2.6 million contracts a day last year, the bulk on CME's U.S.-based platforms.
CME's EU wheat futures, launched last year in a challenge to Euronext's wheat market, would not be affected by the closure of CME Europe as they are traded via the group's Chicago Board of Trade exchange in the United States, a CME spokeswoman said.
CME had already decided earlier this year to suspend trading in its European cocoa futures after the derivatives failed to develop liquidity since their launch in 2015.
The pullout comes ahead new European Union securities rules due next January and at a time when the Trump administration in the United States wants to cut regulation.
Britain's scheduled departure from the European Union in 2019 may also bring a loss of single market access for Britain, and unlike rival exchanges in Europe, CME does not have a base elsewhere in the bloc to build on and would have to set up new operations from scratch.
(Additional reporting by Gus Trompiz in Paris and Tom Polansek in Chicago; Editing by David Holmes)
Bwc2's Veterans Program Helps The Lives of Both, Horses and Veterans
mclogo002a
Media Contact
Because We Can - Because We Care
***@bwc2.org Because We Can - Because We Care
End
-- Because We Can – Because We Care (Bwc2) will hold its inaugural 'Horses -N- Heroes Tribute Ride' to honor the memory of USMC Vietnam Veteran Sgt. Don Martin and to support BWC2'sHorses -N- Heroes program. The ride will take place Saturday April 8, 2017, beginning at 8:30 AM at VFW Post 6885, 16208 Sierra Hwy, Canyon Country"There is no greater reward or joy we can give than a gift that is priceless"- Dave Drulias (Founder / President) -Through BWC2's Horses -N- Heroes program the veterans have a chance to redevelop skills, confidence and gain a sense of purpose. These Veterans are participating in a program that benefits them as they help to reprogram and rehabilitate our horses, which will then provide a valuable service in our special needs and disabled children's program."It is a really great organization, and well done." – Bwc2 clientWe Are Proof That Horses and People Can Help One Another. Bwc2 helps the lives of both the horses and people we work with by building Trust, Confidence and Respect between them utilizing the tools and techniques of …If you would like more information about this event, please contact Dave Drulias at 818-640-7952 or email at info@bwc2.org. You can also visit the event webpage: https://www.bwc2.org/ horses-n-heroes/
The entry to the Home Capital Group's headquarters are seen in an office tower in the financial district of Toronto, Ontario, Canada, April 26, 2017. REUTERS/Chris Helgren
TORONTO Canadian alternative lender Home Capital Group Inc said on Thursday that it had hired bankers to help it secure additional funding and assess its options as it reported a further sharp decline in its assets.
Its shares ended 33.9 percent higher at C$8.02, offsetting some of Wednesday's 60 percent plunge after the company first disclosed plummeting deposits and an agreement in principle for a $2-billion credit line.
The subprime lender has suffered a crisis of confidence since a securities regulator alleged its top executives hid mortgage broker fraud from investors earlier this month, just as Ontario's provincial government introduced measures to cool Toronto's red-hot housing market.
Home Capital relies on high-interest yielding deposits to offer mortgages to applicants who have been unable to get loans from the country's big banks. Almost 80 percent of Home Capital's mortgages are in Ontario.
But depositors have withdrawn more than half of Home Capital's high-saving interest accounts, while the total balance of its larger pool of less-liquid guaranteed investment certificates fell to C$12.98 billion as of April 25 from C$13.06 billion on March 28.
Home Capital said that it had liquid assets of C$1.3 billion ($955 million) as of April 25, compared with C$1.5 billion the day before.
"There is a great deal of value in Home's business, and we provide a key service to an important segment of Canadian homebuyers," the company's chairman, Kevin Smith, said in an emailed statement.
"As rough as the past few days have been, we are very focused on getting this company back on track and doing everything we can to make that happen."
Home Capital has hired RBC Capital Markets and BMO Capital Markets "to advise on further financing and strategic options" and secured a high-interest C$2 billion credit line from "a major Canadian institutional investor" as it hunts for better terms elsewhere.
Canadian media on Thursday identified the lender as the Healthcare of Ontario Pension Plan (HOOPP), which counts 321,000 Ontario healthcare workers and retirees as members, has about C$70.4-billion in assets, and whose CEO sits on Home Capital's board.
Shares in the country's biggest banks also took a hit on Thursday even though analysts said Home Capital's problems are unlikely to damage the wider Canadian mortgage market or the value of the real estate that underpins it. [L1N1HZ1Y8].
Home Capital had a mortgage book of about C$15 billion ($11 billion) at the end of 2016, a tiny slice of Canada's C$1.44 trillion residential mortgage market.
Non-performing loans account for just 0.24 percent of its loan book, down from 0.34 percent a year earlier, and the quality of its lending book has led analysts to believe the lender may find a buyer or may be able to sell some assets.
"We see value - but who will realize it?" the headline of a Macquarie Research note asked, a question that may depend on how quickly the company stop the withdrawal of deposits.
Dylan Steuart, a financial services analyst at Industrial Alliance Securities, said its shares could be worth C$13.50 if the company is able to hire an experienced management team to replace those tarred by the OSC's allegations and stem the outflow of deposits.
($1 = 1.3617 Canadian dollars)
(Reporting by Alastair Sharp; Editing by Clive McKeef)
VERSAILLES – Versailles senior Justin Ahrens was named the Midwest Athletic Conference boys basketball player of the year for the 2017-18 season.
The Ohio State University commit averaged 25.3 points per game, 8.1 rebounds per game and 3.8 assists per game. He set school records for most points in a game with 46 and 3-pointers in a game with 10. The senior guard also set school and conference records for most points in a career.
Justin Ahrens and his twin brother AJ Ahrens both were named first team all-MAC.
Versailles senior Keaton McEldowney was named second team all-conference.
Marion Local's Kurt Goettemoeller was named the MAC boys basketball coach of the year.
Marion Local won the MAC boys basketball championship with a 9-0 conference record, St. Henry finished second at 8-1, Versailles finished third at 7-2, Minster finished fourth at 6-3, and Delphos St. John's finished fifth at 5-4. Coldwater, Fort Recovery and New Bremen all tied for sixth at 3-6, New Knoxville finished ninth with a 1-8 league record, and Parkway finished 10th at 0-9.
All-MAC boys basketball
First team
Name School Grade
Marcus Bruns Coldwater 11
Payton Jutte Fort Recovery 11
Nathan Bruns Marion Local 11
Tyler Mescher Marion Local 12
Isaac Schmiesing Minster 12
Jared Schulze Minster 11
Avery Powers New Bremen 12
Nathan Tinnerman New Knoxville 12
Tyler Schlarman St. Henry 12
Jared Wurst St. John's 11
AJ Ahrens Versailles 12
Justin Ahrens Versailles 12
Player of the year: Justin Ahrens, Versailles
Coach of the year: Kurt Goettemoeller, Marion Local
Second team
Name School Grade
Derek Albers Coldwater 12
Cole Frilling Coldwater 11
Tyler Prenger Marion Local 12
Mike Ketner Minster 11
Nolan Bornhorst New Bremen 10
Grant Hoehne New Bremen 12
Luke Vonderhaar New Bremen 12
Mason Baxter Parkway 11
Caleb Kinney Parkway 10
Devin Huelskamp St. Henry 12
Ryan Luttmer St. Henry 12
Keaton McEldowney Versailles 12
Honorable mention
Jacob Wenning, Coldwater; Ryan Braun, Cade Wendel, Fort Recovery; Collin Everman, Marion Local; Cody Frericks, Adam Knapke, Minster; Jonah Lageman, Ben Lammers, New Knoxville; Nick Hawk, Parkway; Ryan Bruening, St. Henry; Richard Cocuzza, Collin Will, St. John's
AJ Ahrens http://www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/03/web1_AJ-Ahrens-WEB-1.jpg AJ Ahrens J. Ahrens http://www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/03/web1_Justin-Ahrens-WEB-3.jpg J. Ahrens Versailles' Justin Ahrens was named the Midwest Athletic Conference boys basketball player of the year for the 2017-18 season. http://www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/03/web1_Justin_Ahrens_WEB-1.jpg Versailles' Justin Ahrens was named the Midwest Athletic Conference boys basketball player of the year for the 2017-18 season. Chuck Runner | For The Daily Advocate
By Kyle Shaner kshaner@aimmediamidwest.com
Kyle Shaner may be reached at 937-569-4316. Follow me on Twitter @KShanerAdvocate or get updates on Facebook by searching Darke County Sports or Advocate 360. For more features online go to dailyadvocate.com.
Kyle Shaner may be reached at 937-569-4316. Follow me on Twitter @KShanerAdvocate or get updates on Facebook by searching Darke County Sports or Advocate 360. For more features online go to dailyadvocate.com.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Air T Inc:
* AIR T INC - ON JAN 31, 2018, SUBSIDIARIES OF CO EXECUTED A LOAN AGREEMENT WITH OLD NATIONAL BANK -SEC FILING
* AIR T INC - ‍LOAN AGREEMENT PROVIDES FOR BORROWINGS BY UNITS IN AGGREGATE AMOUNT EQUAL TO $9.9 MILLION WITH MATURITY DATE OF JAN 26, 2021​ Source text : ( bit.ly/2s2FNB4 ) Further company coverage:
Pope Francis waves as he leads the Angelus prayer in Saint Peter's Square at the Vatican March 26, 2017. REUTERS/Alessandro Bianchi
VATICAN CITY Pope Francis urged the United Nations on Tuesday to seek the "total elimination" of nuclear weapons, speaking as the United States and some other major powers boycotted a conference considering a global ban.
In a message to the conference that started in New York on Monday, Francis called on nations to "go beyond nuclear deterrence" and have the courage to overcome the "fear and isolationism" he said was prevalent in many countries today.
The United States, Britain, and France are among some 40 countries that have said they will not participate.
The United Nations General Assembly adopted a resolution in December - 113 in favour to 35 against, with 13 abstentions -that decided to "negotiate a legally binding instrument to prohibit nuclear weapons, leading towards their total elimination" and encouraged all member states to participate.
Francis said international peace and stability "cannot be based on a false sense of security, on the threat of mutual destruction or total annihilation, or on simply maintaining a balance of power".
"We need to go beyond nuclear deterrence: the international community is called upon to adopt forward-looking strategies to promote the goal of peace and stability and to avoid short-sighted approaches to the problems surrounding national and international security," he said.
U.S. Ambassador Nikki Haley said it was not realistic to believe that countries such as North Korea would comply with any treaty.
Analysts say North Korea has likely mastered the technology to power the different stages of an intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM) but is likely still a long way from being able to hit the mainland United States.
Francis, who has made several past appeals for a ban on nuclear weapons, urged countries to avoid the "mutual recrimination and polarization which hinder dialogue rather than encourage it".
(Reporting by Philip Pullella; Editing by Tom Heneghan)
DENVER | About 10,000 pounds of food and toys were flown to veterans in rural Colorado communities as part of a 7th annual charity airlift.
KMGH-TV reports that nearly 30 planes took off from Centennial Airport on Sunday, making trips to nine cities across the state. The airlift was made possible by the Colorado Aviation Business Association, the Veterans of Foreign War, Metropolitan State University's Precision Flight Team and private pilots.
The food and toys were given out to homeless veterans and veterans in need, as well as their families.
The state Aviation Business Association says the airlifts have helped about 1,715 families over seven years.
(Repeats to additional subscribers)
LONDON, April 28 The euro strengthened to a day's high while euro zone bond yields and stocks rose on Friday after data showed that inflation in the single currency bloc was higher than expectations in April.
Euro zone consumer inflation rose to 1.9 percent in April, beating forecasts of 1.8 percent.
The euro hit a day's high of $1.0945 after the numbers, up 0.6 percent on the day after trading at $1.09 before the data.
Euro zone government bond yields rose across the board, with the yield on 10-year benchmark German government bonds hitting a session high of 0.34 percent, up 4 basis points on the day.
The euro zone bank index meanwhile extended its gains after the data and was up 0.7 percent, while the index of the bloc's 50 biggest stocks also jumped to the day's high, up 0.1 percent. (Reporting by Abhinav Ramnarayan, Ritvik Carvalho and Danilo Masoni; editing by Dhara Ranasinghe)
TORONTO — Several houses under construction have been heavily damaged in a fire in northeast Toronto.
Toronto police say they were called to the Scarborough area (near Buena Vista Avenue and Southlawn Drive) around 10:40 p.m. last night on reports of a fire.
They say at least four houses were damaged and several nearby homes were evacuated.
Police say no injuries were reported and those evacuated were offered shelter in Toronto Transit Commission buses.
FILE PHOTO: SAIC Motor Corp's logos are pictured at its booth during the Auto China 2016 auto show in Beijing, China April 26, 2016. REUTERS/Kim Kyung-Hoon/File Photo
BEIJING SAIC Motor Corp Ltd (600104.SS), China's biggest automaker, reported a 4.1 percent rise in net profit for the first quarter, a period when a rollback of a government tax incentive slowed its sales growth.
The Shanghai-based automaker, which has joint ventures with Volkswagen AG (VOWG_p.DE) and General Motors Co (GM.N), in addition to making its own brands of vehicles, posted a net profit of 8.26 billion yuan ($145.03 million), according to a company statement on Friday.
Both VW and GM are strong in the small sedan segment that benefited from a tax cut on cars with engines of 1.6 litres or below and both recorded contracting sales in China for the first quarter after that policy was scaled back.
The purchase tax on those vehicles rose to 7.5 percent as of January 1 from 5 percent in 2016 when the government stepped in to stimulate demand. The tax will return to the normal 10 percent rate next year.
SAIC's revenue rose 6 percent to 196.3 billion yuan from a year earlier. Its vehicle sales rose 3 percent for the quarter.
In the same quarter of last year, SAIC had posted vehicle sales growth of 4.5 percent.
Overall sales in the Chinese auto market, the world's largest, rose 7 percent in the first quarter of 2017 compared to a year ago, according to the China Association of Automobile Manufacturers.
That outpaced CAAM's prediction that sales will rise just 5 percent this year, compared to 13.7 percent in 2016, with CAAM saying that economic and policy pressures remain.
Automakers with strong new offerings in the hot-selling sport-utility vehicle segment, such as Honda Motor Co Ltd (7267.T), have outperformed the overall market as sedan sales remain flat.
($1 = 6.8950 Chinese yuan renminbi)
(Reporting by Muyu Xu and Jake Spring; Editing by Randy Fabi and Muralikumar Anantharaman)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
When I played Little League softball, our team jerseys, an itchy-but-easily-washed polyester, were a bright primary yellow. Our patron was a local McDonald's franchise that rewarded wins with a free hamburger and small soft drink — a semicovert marketing strategy we happily embraced. In the second year, when our pitcher's accuracy improved dramatically, we had a winning record. That summer, we ate a lot of hamburgers. We'd ride in groups of twos or threes across town to the appointed McDonald's, piling into minivans or, with any luck, Jenny's mom's convertible. We'd slurp Dr. Peppers and devour our just-big-enough burgers. McDonald's was my introduction to onion, minced and reconstituted from its freeze-dried form, and the smallest dab of yellow mustard, its sharpness masked by the sweet-and-tangy ketchup, the perfect-but-always-too-small pickle. After our meal we'd play outside, shaking the Hamburglar jail and squeezing down the too-narrow twisty slides. Our childhoods were waning, but in those long summer evenings, we held on.
In college, Wendy's was the fast-food restaurant of choice, given its two-minute proximity to my dorm. It was a step up from McDonald's: thick milkshakes that required a spoon, spicy chicken sandwiches, baked potatoes topped with cheese sauce and broccoli. Taco Bell was strictly drinking food — grease and sugar to forestall or recoup from a hangover. And then I started to grow up and work in restaurants, and good food abounded: ravioli rolled into thin sheets, filled and pressed each morning; olive tapenade and garlic-laden cream cheese, served with flatbread grilled over fire; paper-thin beef carpaccio, marinated with lemon and capers, garnished with shaved Parmesan. Working in restaurants provided me with both an education about good food and the opportunity to eat it often. For years after I left the industry, I shunned fast food.
Then I had a son. At 8 months of age, he pulled himself into a standing position and immediately began to cruise the furniture. He was a whirlwind of activity, energy begging to be released. As he grew into a preschooler, expending physical activity was our daily priority. In summers, we'd rotate trips to the park with visits to the zoo and wildlife sanctuary. When it rained, we'd hit Themuseum, but that was a pricey, once- or twice-a-month treat. In my search for indoor alternatives, I discovered an oldie but a goody: McDonald's PlayPlace.
Despite his border-collie-level energy, my son had little interest in food. He nursed past his second birthday. His main "solid" foods were puréed fruit and veggie pouches and PB & J sandwiches on raisin bread. He ate with his hands until age 4, having no motivation to learn to use cutlery — or to try new foods that required it. Luckily, french fries with ketchup were among his favourite foods. So at McDonald's, I ordered him a Happy Meal, deep-fryer guilt assuaged by the inclusion of a few peeled apple slices. I instructed the boy to eat a single chicken nugget before he could see his toy or play on the indoor jungle gym, a labyrinth of foam mats and plastic tubes. Apparently, this suspense was an excellent motivator to get my son — who otherwise refused to eat meat — to try a McNugget. And, it turns out, he liked them.
And so I found myself living a flurry of contradictions. On rainy days, I brought my son to McDonald's, a fast-food restaurant, for exercise and protein. I ordered a salad — the greens included kale! — topped with a piece of glorious, crispy battered chicken. Never mind how that chicken was raised or slaughtered or what the fast-food workers were paid — sorry, Michael Pollan — my son was eating the meat! He was voluntarily ingesting much-needed protein into his string-bean body. And I was drinking a soda, because I was sleep-deprived with baby No. 2 and desperately needed caffeine, but anyway, it was diet. I couldn't handle the spike to my blood sugar. The baby was hungry, too, so as my older son jumped and climbed and shrieked with delight, deeply entrenched in the pleasures of childhood, I unhooked my bra in McDonald's PlayPlace to feed my new baby the original fast food.
UPDATE 3-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE, June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced his retirement after failing to win the conglomerate's CEO job.
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
(Changes signs to signals in seventh par)
By Simon Evans
MANCHESTER, England, April 20 Cosmetics company Avon has become the first female-focused brand to sponsor an FA Women's Super League club, signing a deal with Liverpool Ladies Football Club.
Most women's teams connected with professional clubs tend to wear the same sponsored shirts as the men's team but Avon believes it can reach a female audience with the three-year deal.
"The teams and professionals we have spoken to on this journey are truly inspirational women, working together to achieve their goals, and we are very excited to be sponsoring Liverpool Ladies Football Club and supporting the women through all of their future successes," said Andrea Slater, general manager of Avon UK.
No financial details of the partnership were released in the announcement by Liverpool and Avon.
The Liverpool sponsorship follows the BBC's decision earlier this month to broadcast the Spring Series of the Women's Super League and create a regular highlights programme, The Women's Football Show.
Simon Chadwick, Professor of Sports Enterprise at the University of Salford, told Reuters that the Liverpool deal with Avon was highly significant.
"For the first time you have a high-profile brand, targeted principally at women, sponsoring a women's football team. The deal effectively signals women's football stepping out of the shadows of men's football, rather than simply mimicking or mirroring the men's game," he said.
In recent years a number of top Premier League clubs, such as Manchester City and Chelsea, have made increased commitments to their women's team. City recently signed Women's World Player of the Year Carli Lloyd, the U.S. international.
"The fact that football clubs are really starting to take their women's teams seriously shows that we are in a new era for the game. The related influx of television and sponsorship revenues is contributing to the emergence of this new era," said Chadwick, who believes the growing business interest in the game is not only a marketing opportunity.
"The fact that they are investing is not only a vote of confidence in the women's game but it is also implicit acknowledgment that there is money to be made in the women's game," he said.
The Spring Series kicks off this weekend. Previously a summer competition, the two-division Super League will switch to a standard autumn to spring season from this year. (Reporting by Simon Evans, editing by Neil Robinson)
UPDATE 3-U.S. judge orders more environmental analysis of Dakota pipeline
WASHINGTON, June 14 A federal judge ordered the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to reconsider its environmental review of the Dakota Access Pipeline on Wednesday, opening up the possibility that the line could be shut at a later date.
Based on the idea of educating students in four disciplines namely science, technology, engineering and mathematics, in an interdisciplinary and applied approach, STEM education is seen as a critical way for students to understand, explore and engage the world, after which they would have the capacity to change the world.
In this light, the US Embassy in Bridgetown, Barbados hosted a STEM Video Competition which saw secondary school students throughout the Caribbean over the age of 13, submitting videos showcasing why STEM- science, technology, engineering and math, is important in their community.
Four fifth form students from the St Vincent Girls High school won the competition from among the participating schools here and were presented with their award by a delegation from the US Embassy on Friday.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
A man sits on a bench in front of a restaurant at a shopping district in Beijing May 6, 2013. REUTERS/Kim Kyung-Hoon
BEIJING Growth in China's services sector slowed slightly in April compared with the previous month but remained robust, an official survey showed on Sunday.
The official non-manufacturing Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI) stood at 54.0 in April, compared with the previous month's reading of 55.1 and above the 50-point mark that separates growth from contraction on a monthly basis.
The March reading was the highest since May 2014.
The services sector accounted for over half of China's economy last year as rising wages give Chinese consumers the opportunity to shop, travel and eat out more.
China's policymakers are counting on growth in services and consumption as they try to rebalance the country's economic growth model from a heavy reliance on investment and exports.
(Reporting by Sue-Lin Wong; Editing by Sam Holmes)
Goldman-backed startup Circle launches no-fee foreign payments service
PARIS/NEW YORK, June 15 Blockchain-based payments startup Circle Internet Financial on Thursday launched an international online money transfer service that allows people in the United States and Europe to send money to each other instantly and at no cost as it seeks to tear down borders in the payments world.
* March imports up 11 pct to 95.56 mln tonnes -China customs
* Imports to stay at high level or even grow - Fortescue CEO (Recasts with March figures, industry comment, copper imports)
BEIJING, April 13 China's March iron ore imports rose 11 percent from the same month a year earlier to the second-highest monthly amount on record as the world's second-biggest economy ramped up a drive for cheap overseas supply as the cost of domestic output grew.
Imports last month were 95.56 million tonnes, according to data from the General Administration of Customs on Thursday - a fraction below the monthly record of 96.27 million tonnes imported in December 2015.
For the first quarter of the year, imports grew 12 percent to 271 million tonnes, customs said. That is a quarterly record.
"We have seen the follow-through on new supply coming on to the market in seaborne iron ore, and there is still more supply to come, which will replace higher cost (Chinese) production," said Nev Power, chief executive of Australia's Fortescue Metals Group, the world's fourth-largest exporter of iron ore.
"Imported iron ore to China will continue at the levels we are seeing now, or perhaps even grow as we go forward," said Power, when asked about the data during a media call on Fortescue's quarterly production.
Imports of industrial metals also surged in March as Chinese businesses stocked up on supply ahead of a seasonally strong period for manufacturing.
China imported 430,000 tonnes of copper and semi-manufactured copper products in March, the highest since March 2016, and up 27 percent from a month ago, the data showed. Strong imports are expected to continue through April as manufacturing business keep machinery humming at a brisk pace.
For the first quarter as a whole, though, copper imports were down 20 percent from a year ago at 1.15 million tonnes.
"We have been seeing exchange inventories going down, so we are not surprised about the March import recovery," said Helen Lau, an analyst at Argonaut Securities.
"For fabricators, perhaps they are looking at the short supply of copper concentrate, and choosing to import more metal now. For sure, this trend will extend into April but for May we will need to wait and see."
Meanwhile China's aluminium products exports surged to 410,000 tonnes from 260,000 tonnes in February.
For more details, click on (Reporting by Chen Yawen and Beijing monitoring team; Additional reporting by Jim Regan in SYDNEY and Melanie Burton in MELBOURNE; Editing by Kenneth Maxwell and Christian Schmollinger)
March 29 Ashok Leyland Ltd
* Contrary to reports in media about co having to take a huge write-off of BS III inventories, co clarifies that in-fact impact will be minimal
* Says has sufficient capability and capacity to make BS IV vehicles
* Says "given the current demand, the majority of the vehicles in the pipeline have already been sold"
* Says some more BS-III will be sold in next couple of days where co has customer orders
* Says for any other vehicles still leftover, co confirms that it will be able to easily upgrade them to bs iv at minimal cost
* Says of little inventory that co expect to remain beyond this, will export BS-III vehicles to other markets Source text - ("Contrary to the various reports in the media about Ashok Leyland having to take a huge write-off of BS III inventories, the Company clarifies that in-fact the impact will be minimal. Ashok Leyland has been making BS IV vehicles since 2010 and has sufficient capability and capacity to make BS IV vehicles. However, since BS IV Commercial Vehicles cannot run properly on BS III fuel - and such fuel is not available nationwide - our customers continued to buy BS III vehicles. Given the current demand, the majority of the vehicles in the pipeline have already been sold. Some more will be sold in the next couple of days where we have customer orders. Of the little inventory that we expect to remain beyond this, we will export them to other markets where we have significant presence and still operate on BS III norms. Finally, for any other vehicles still leftover, the Company confirms that it will be able to easily upgrade them to BS IV at minimal cost.") Further company coverage:
8:25 p.m.
Reigning U.S. Open champion Sloane Stephens did not waste any time reaching the third round of the French Open, and her clinical display impressed former U.S. Davis Cup captain Patrick McEnroe.
Stephens, who did not play in Paris last year because of a foot injury, advanced at the clay-court Grand Slam with a 6-2, 6-2 win over qualifier Magdalena Frech.
"Just FYI. Sloane Stephens is winning this tournament," McEnroe tweeted after Stephens wrapped up her match in a little bit more than one hour.
Stephens had 17 winners to 13 unforced errors and did not face a break point.
___
7:55 p.m.
Caroline Wozniacki dropped just 25 points in her lopsided 6-1, 6-0 win over qualifier and Roland Garros debutant Georgina Garcia Perez of Spain, as the second-ranked Dane easily advanced to the third round of the French Open.
Wozniacki delivered a ruthless performance on Court Philippe Chatrier, limiting her mistakes to eight unforced errors. She did not face a break point and completed the win in 51 minutes. She put on a similar display in her opening match, hitting only 13 unforced errors in a straight-set victory.
Wozniacki won her first Grand Slam trophy at the Australian Open this year and can return to the No. 1 ranking held by Simona Halep by winning the title in Paris.
___
7:30 p.m.
The French Open is Sam Querrey's least successful Grand Slam tournament and the American bowed out early again as this year's No. 12 seed.
He was beaten 1-6, 7-6 (3), 6-4, 6-1 by Gilles Simon of France in the second round.
Querrey hadn't even won a single match at Roland Garros since 2014 until beating Frances Tiafoe in the first round.
Querrey has been as far as the third round in Paris just once in 12 appearances.
___
6:50 p.m.
A young American man trying an underhanded serve while cramping during a five-setter at the French Open. Hmmmm. Seen that before, haven't we? Except, unlike for 1989 champion Michael Chang, the unusual strategy didn't help result in a victory for Jared Donaldson against Grigor Dimitrov.
The fourth-seeded Dimitrov came back to beat the 21-year-old Donaldson 6-7 (2), 6-4, 4-6, 6-4, 10-8 in a second-round marathon that lasted 4 hours, 19 minutes on Court 18 at Roland Garros.
When it ended, Dimitrov leaned forward while raising each knee to give it a kiss — perhaps thanking his legs for carrying him to the win while Donaldson's gave way.
Donaldson, who is ranked 57th, was actually two points from winning when he led 6-5 in the fifth and got to love-30 on Dimitrov's serve. But Dimitrov took the next four points to hold for 6-all.
Dimitrov broke to lead 8-7 and served for the victory, but Donaldson broke right back.
In the next game, though, Donaldson could barely stand, let alone move well.
He double-faulted. Then he tried an underhand serve — not his first of the match, either — and lost the point.
Dimitrov hit a winner to break for a 9-8 edge, Donaldson slowly limped to the sideline for the changeover, and soon enough, it was over.
Chang famously used an underhand service motion while cramping during a fourth-round win against Ivan Lendl on the way to the French Open title 29 years ago.
___
6:30 p.m.
Kei Nishikori has rallied past local favourite Benoit Paire to reach the third round of the French Open for the fourth consecutive year.
The 19th-seeded Japanese player needed nearly three hours on Court Philippe Chatrier to win 6-3, 2-6, 4-6, 6-2, 6-3 against the Frenchman.
"He was attacking every shot," Nishikori said. "He has one of the best touches on the Tour, it was fun to play him and also a difficult match today."
___
6:15 p.m.
Second-seeded Alexander Zverev trailed by a set and a break — and was down a broken racket, too — before eventually collecting himself and coming back to beat 60th-ranked Dusan Lajovic of Serbia 2-6, 7-5, 4-6, 6-1, 6-2 in the French Open's second round.
Zverev equaled his best showing at Roland Garros; he also reached the third round two years ago.
If the 21-year-old German is going to get to the round of 16 he'll need to do something he never has at a Grand Slam tournament: defeat a player ranked in the top 50. Zverev's next match comes against 26th-seeded Damir Dzumhur.
Lajovic lost his eighth consecutive match that stretched to five sets.
___
5:10 p.m.
Serena and Venus Williams have won their first Grand Slam doubles match in nearly two years.
The sisters moved into the second round of the French Open by coming back for a 4-6, 6-4, 6-1 victory over the 14th-seeded Japanese pairing of Shuko Aoyama and Miyu Kato in front of a Court 3 crowd that raucously supported the Americans.
The Williams-Williams duo last competed at a major tournament together at Wimbledon in 2016. They won their 14th Grand Slam title in women's doubles at the England Club.
This return to doubles came a day after Serena Williams participated in Grand Slam singles for the first time in 16 months, winning her first-round match at Roland Garros. Venus Williams lost in the first round of singles on Sunday.
___
3:50 p.m.
Jeremy Chardy first wasted a two-set lead and then bounced back to beat 17th-seeded Tomas Berdych to reach the second round of the French Open.
Chardy led by two sets when their match was stopped by darkness on Tuesday, but Berdych mounted a comeback when they returned. Chardy played well in the decider and broke Berdych twice to advance with a 7-6 (5), 7-6 (8), 1-6, 5-7, 6-2 win.
"At two sets all, it was difficult in my head, and physically, too," said Chardy, who had never beaten Berdych in five previous matches. "I fought hard, all my body was shaking."
___
3:25 p.m.
Former French Open champion Novak Djokovic posted another straight-set win to reach the third round of the clay-court tournament.
Facing Spanish qualifier Jaume Munar, the Serb delivered a solid display to prevail 7-6 (1), 6-4, 6-4 and move into the third round for the 13th time.
Djokovic, who underwent right elbow surgery earlier this year, is the 20th-seeded player in Paris, his lowest Grand Slam seeding since the 2006 U.S. Open.
___
3:10 p.m.
The Williams sisters are back in Grand Slam doubles action for the first time in nearly two years.
A day after Serena Williams made her return to singles play at a major following a 16-month absence, winning her first-round match at the French Open, she is out on Court 3 at Roland Garros alongside her older sister, Venus.
They are facing the 14th-seeded pairing of Shuko Aoyama and Miyu Kato of Japan.
The American siblings, owners of 14 Grand Slam doubles titles, received a wild-card entry. They haven't played doubles together at a major since winning Wimbledon in 2016.
Serena Williams hadn't competed at any Grand Slam tournament since the Australian Open in January 2017. She gave birth to a daughter last September.
___
1:20 p.m.
Marco Trungelliti's long, strange trip as a French Open "lucky loser" has come to an end with a second-round exit.
Trungelliti is the 190th-ranked Argentine who headed home to Barcelona after losing in qualifying at Roland Garros, then drew headlines for making the 10-hour, 650-mile (1,000-kilometre) drive back to Paris in a rental car with his 88-year-old grandmother, mother and brother once he found out he could get into the main draw.
He then won his first-round match.
But Trungelliti was beaten Wednesday by 72nd-ranked Marco Cecchinato of Italy 6-1, 7-6 (1), 6-1 in a match that lasted just under 2 hours.
Still, Trungelliti leaves with 79,000 euros (about $90,000) in prize money — and a great story to tell.
___
12:50 p.m.
Top-ranked Simona Halep put aside a terrible start and came back to claim 12 of the last 14 games, beating 83rd-ranked Alison Riske of the United States 2-6, 6-1, 6-1 to reach the second round of the French Open.
It was the last match of the tournament's opening round.
Halep, the runner-up at Roland Garros in 2014 and a year ago, played poorly in the first set, with only four winners and 16 unforced errors. But she had 16 winners and 12 unforced errors the rest of the way, while Riske made more and more mistakes.
___
12:30 p.m.
Two-time Wimbledon champion Petra Kvitova is through to the third round of the French Open, making light work of 91st-ranked Lara Arruabarrena of Spain in a 6-0, 6-4 win on Court 1.
The eighth-seeded Kvitova lost in the second round last year when she was coming back to the tour after a knife attack in her home in 2016 that left her needing surgery on her left hand, her playing hand.
The Czech player made the semifinals at Roland Garros in 2012.
___
12:20 p.m.
Simona Halep has turned things around in her first-round match at the French Open and is headed to a third set against 83rd-ranked Alison Riske of the United States.
After dropping the first set 6-2 at Court Philippe Chatrier, Halep grabbed 19 of the first 22 points en route to a 5-0 lead in the second, which she eventually took 6-1.
Halep, the runner-up at Roland Garros in 2014 and a year ago, cleaned up her game in the second set, with only five unforced errors after making 16 in the opener. Riske, meanwhile, had only two winners and 12 unforced errors in the second set.
___
12 p.m.
Top-seeded Simona Halep is in trouble in her weather-delayed first-round match at the French Open, losing the first set 6-2 to 83rd-ranked Alison Riske of the United States.
Riske raced to a 5-0 lead and then broke Halep again in the eighth game to take the set.
In their only previous meeting on clay, in Rome in 2015, Halep dropped only three games in a 6-3, 6-0 victory. But Riske is giving the Romanian a far tougher test this time.
___
11:20 a.m.
Play is underway on Day 4 of the French Open, with top-seeded Simona Halep facing 83rd-ranked Alison Riske of the United States in the last remaining match of the women's first round.
The encounter on Court Philippe-Chatrier was postponed from Tuesday amid gathering evening storms.
Halep, a two-time finalist at Roland Garros, needs to reach the semifinals or better this year to have a chance of holding onto her No. 1 ranking. She won both of her previous matches against Riske.
On the men's side, 2016 champion Novak Djokovic will face qualifier Jaume Munar of Spain in the second round.
The second-seeded players in both the men's and women's draws, Alexander Zverev and Caroline Wozniacki, will also be in action.
___
More AP tennis coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/apf-Tennis
By The Associated Press
STRONG SHOWING - Grade 10 Hunting Hills student Coleman McKee is being recognized for his skiing. McKee was the Alberta Sport Development Centre-Central (ASDC-C) Male Athlete of the Month for January. photo submitted
Grade 10 Hunting Hills student Coleman McKee is being recognized for his skiing.
McKee was the Alberta Sport Development Centre-Central (ASDC-C) Male Athlete of the Month for January.
“It's definitely something new to me,” he said about his recognition.
“This is really the first time I've gotten a recognition for all the stuff that I do.”
McKee began skiing at the age of four, and got into the freestyle skiing side of things just a few short years later. From there, the rest is history.
“I just enjoy how it's a little bit different and unique. It's not like hockey where everybody plays it, I can do my own type of thing,” he said about the sport of skiing. And it's no light practice for this athlete, who has been with the Central Alberta Freestyle Ski Club for nine years.
“I practice at Canyon Ski Resort three times a week, so I come out Wednesdays and on weekends.”
And that doesn't include the training.
His dry land training includes strength training and working out at a crossfit gym.
“In the off-season we do a ton of gym stuff and then we also do training off the water ramps, which is just into the pond at Three Mile Bend.
“We do things like practice our tricks so that we can prepare ourselves for the snow in the winter,” said McKee.
McKee started off in his club's Jumps & Bumps program when he was just six-years-old, and this year marks his first year with the Alberta Sport Development Centre program.
This past summer, he worked on qualifying his backflip at Red Deer's water ramp training facility, and included the new trick in a recent competition he attended in Jasper, and ended up earning a silver medal in the Slope Style event.
Having just qualified for the 2018 Alberta Winter Games in Wood Buffalo, he's excited about the challenge.
“I've already been to the Winter Games once, which was really exciting for me,” said McKee.
In his spare time, he focuses on his school work as he misses a few Fridays due to skiing competitions.
Once he completes high school, McKee hopes to study sciences in university, but plans to continue skiing and coaching.
“I'm in the top tier of our club's competition, our ranking for how competitive we are in our ski club, but we also have smaller levels for kids that are new to it, so for multiple years I've helped coach those.”
McKee plans on getting out to Canyon and their new mogul course in the next month to continue to prepare for the Games and other competitions this season.
March 28 Evolent Health Inc :
* Evolent Health, Inc announces pricing of secondary public offering of class A common stock
* announced pricing of an underwritten secondary public offering of 7.5 million shares of its class A common stock to be sold by UPMC Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
End
-- SMALL BUSINESS EXPO (http://www.thesmallbusinessexpo.com), is proud to announce their upcoming trade show at the Hyatt Regency Houston on Thursday, October 19th.Small Business Expo has partnered with local non-profit organizations including: American Business Television, Apple Capital Group, BNW Marketing, ChinAmerica, City of Houston, Excelerate America, Greensheet Media, Houston West Chamber of Commerce, NAWBO Houston, Network After Work, NFIB, Plan Empower Grow, PeopleFund, Small Business Connexion, Small Business Today Magazine, Texas Commission on Environmental Quality, Texas Veterans Commission and U.S. Small Business Administration.Small Business Expo (https://www.thesmallbusinessexpo.com/event-view/houston/)expects to have more than 3,000+ registered attendees wcj ranging from C-Level Executives, small business owners, entrepreneurs and startup companies.HOUSTON SMALL BUSINESS EXPO will take place at the Hyatt Regency Houston| Marketplace Exhibit – 1200 Louisiana Street Houston, TX 77002 from 9:00am until 5:00pm.For media inquiries, or complimentary press passes please contact: Susan Baah, 212-651-0679, Susan@theshowproducers.com About Small Business ExpoSmall Business Expo® is the nation's largest small business networking and learning event in the country. From 2015-2017 it was ranked as an Inc. 5000 company as the fastest-growing privately held business. Every year, over 100,000 small business professionals and entrepreneurs across the country attend Small Business Expo to take their business to the next level. The show's owner, Film, Stage & ShowBiz Expo LLC. was founded in 2008 by Zachary Lezberg.
Dongsanqi village is the latest community to be demolished under a municipal campaign to dismantle what the city authority says are unsafe dwellings following years of "disorderly" development.
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup he co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
April 13 Brio Gold Inc:
* Brio Gold reports fatality at its Pilar mine
* Brio Gold Inc says employee, a driller, was fatally injured when caught on rotating drilling equipment
* Brio Gold Inc says company is investigating incident and employee counselling is underway Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Galway Bay fm newsroom – The county council has ruled out of order a council motion of no confidence in An Taoiseach Leo Varadkar.
The motion was tabled by Athenry Oranmore councillor James Charity after it was revealed that during his tenure as Transport Minister, Leo Varadkar took the Western Rail Corridor and Galway Airport off the list for a major European funding programme.
Speaking to Galway Bay fm news during his visit to the city last week, Leo Varadkar said the motion of no-confidence was ‘just politics.'
The motion, which was due to be tabled last evening, received harsh criticism from Loughrea area Cllr Michael Fahy, who says in his four decades on the council – no-one has ever expressed a lack of confidence in the Taoiseach of the day.
In a passionate speech at County Hall, he said the council shouldn't bite the hand that feeds it – and should have respect for those who fund the local authority.
Cllr Fahy received a round of applause for his contribution.
However, the full council never got the opportunity to consider the motion.
The council's standing order which prevents a motion rejected at district level being brought to plenary council was invoked.
Despite the fact that Cllr Charity's motion was agreed at district level – the motion was ruled out of order.
WASHINGTON, March 30 For the second time on Thursday, Vice President Mike Pence took the rare step of breaking a tie in the U.S. Senate, as he cast the deciding vote in rolling back protections for federal funds for family planning and reproductive health.
In a 51-50 vote, senators approved killing a rule intended to keep federal grants flowing to clinics that provide contraception and other services in states that want to block the funding. In recent years states such as Texas have kept some healthcare providers from receiving the grants, as part of the country's longstanding fight over abortion.
Earlier in the day, Pence was called upon to end the deadlock over advancing the resolution to a final vote. (Reporting by Lisa Lambert; Editing by Matthew Lewis)
Paris Saint-Germain prevails 3-0 over Guingamp as Neymar plays a big role in his debut
Published 5:31 AM, August 14, 2017
PARIS, France - Neymar wasted no time in making an impact on the field for Paris Saint-Germain, scoring on his debut in a 3-0 win at Guingamp on Sunday, August 13 (Monday Manila time).
The Brazilian world record signing was handed a start by coach Unai Emery for the game in Brittany, two days after international clearance came through for his 222 million-euro ($261 million) switch from Barcelona.
The 25-year-old, at home in PSG's all yellow change kit, played a part in the own goal scored by Jordan Ikoko that gave the away side the lead early in the second half.
He then set up the second goal for Edinson Cavani with a superb pass in behind the Guingamp defence before completing a comfortable victory with his team's third goal 8 minutes from the end as PSG made it two wins from two to start the French season.
Well that was fast. 222 million Euro man Neymar with a goal and an assist for PSG today. pic.twitter.com/MIJAojRQEU — Ryan Brandt (@Ryan_Brandt) August 13, 2017
"I'm very happy. The main thing was to win. The team played well and I played well," Neymar, speaking in Spanish, told Canal Plus.
"We are trying to improve all the time and we'll get to know each other better yet, but it is easy to play with players of such quality.
"It is always very important to score, not just in the first game. I am very calm. This is a very big challenge for me as a person, but we have a great team and the season has just started."
Despite the many distractions of the last couple of weeks, including trips to China, Portugal and the French Riviera and glitzy presentations to the media and PSG fans, Neymar lasted the full 90 minutes.
He had taken the place of Javier Pastore in the Paris side in the only change from last week's 2-0 win over Amiens, completing a 350 million-euro front three with fellow South Americans Cavani and Angel Di Maria.
Neymar was one of four Brazilians in the PSG line-up, not including Brazil-born Italy midfielder Thiago Motta, for the game played before a sell-out crowd at the 18,000-capacity Stade du Roudourou.
Falcao hat-trick
Guingamp, a sleepy little town 500 kilometers west of Paris with a population of barely 7,000, may have been a slightly incongruous setting for such an occasion but the match was broadcast live in more than 180 countries according to his new club.
That was a sign of the interest generated worldwide by Neymar's transfer, which Qatar-owned PSG hope will help them conquer Europe after so far coming up short in the Champions League in recent seasons.
Emery's side are also desperate to regain the French crown after losing out to Monaco last season.
Neymar, playing mainly as an inside left, threatened sporadically in the opening stages before his cross in the 35th minute found compatriot Marquinhos, who headed against the woodwork.
He then watched as a Cavani free-kick was tipped over by Karl-Johan Johnsson as the first half ended goalless.
But PSG needed just 7 minutes of the second half to get the breakthrough with Neymar involved in the build-up as Ikoko - a former PSG player - tried to play the ball back to Johnsson and succeeded only in passing it into his own net.
Neymar then released Cavani with a delightful pass as the Uruguayan slotted home the second goal just after the hour mark.
All that was missing was a goal of his own and that arrived 8 minutes from the end as Neymar finished from close range following a Cavani cutback.
PSG are second in the fledgling table, behind Lyon on goal difference. They are one of 5 teams to have maximum points after two games.
Defending champions Monaco have also won both matches so far after Radamel Falcao netted a hat-trick in their 4-1 victory at Dijon earlier.
Jemerson also scored for Monaco as Kylian Mbappe was left on the bench amid speculation linking him with a 180 million-euro move to either Real Madrid or PSG.
Sunday's other game in France saw Marcelo Bielsa's Lille finish with 10 men in a 3-0 defeat at Strasbourg. – Rappler.com
HAMBURG, April 5 Dubai-based airline and shipping services group dnata is looking at acquisition opportunities in the Americas, Africa and Asia to make its flight catering business truly global as the industry consolidates, its divisional chief said.
"Our airline customers operate on a global basis and they're seeking consistency," dnata Catering Chief Executive Robin Padgett told Reuters at a trade fair in Hamburg.
"But as a service industry we've tended to operate almost as mom-and-pop operations and very few are able to give a global offering."
He said dnata, which is part of Emirates Group and competes in flight catering with Lufthansa's LSG and Austria's Do&Co, had already played a part in consolidation with acquisitions such as Alpha Flight Group in 2010. The sector is now once again consolidating, driven especially by China's HNA Group, which recently took over European firms Gate Group and Servair.
"We want to beef up and give a wider spread to our customer base," Padgett said.
The catering industry is also grappling with more and more carriers shifting to buy-on-board options for food, forcing them to rethink strategies and invest in retail options.
Padgett said buy-on-board was now the norm for short-haul and predicted it could soon take hold on long-haul flights, especially with the increasing number of low-cost long-haul carriers.
"I think long-haul retail, if executed properly, will go down very well," he said.
He also expects pre-order meal services will become more popular among airlines, highlighting how they give airlines more certainty in terms of revenue and lead to less waste.
In Europe, such services are already common on charter carriers but they are becoming more popular elsewhere. Ryanair has started offering a hot cooked breakfast as a pre-order option on early flights from Dublin, while Air Berlin also has a pre-order menu for economy passengers on long-haul flights on top of their standard meals.
"What we haven't done is give a reason for pre-ordering - are you, as the customer, going to get a better deal from pre-ordering?" Padgett said. (Reporting by Victoria Bryan; Editing by Greg Mahlich)
Notts Outlaws face a pivotal weekend with two important matches to come which will go a long way towards clarifying if they can reach the knock out stages of the Royal London One-Day Cup, writes Dave Bracegirdle.
The current holders of the competition haven't left themselves much room for manoeuvre after two defeats in their opening five matches have left them with ground to make up in the north group.
Current group leaders Worcestershire visit Nottingham on Friday and they boast a strong recent record, against Notts – and also on the ground.
Last season they won at Trent Bridge in the championship and in the T20 Blast and also inflicted a defeat over the Outlaws at New Road in the 50-over competition.
“They are a very good one-day side,” said Notts' bowler Luke Fletcher. “We've got to make sure we prep up well for the game and go at them hard.
“Obviously after losing the match on Sunday (to Warwickshire), we've put a bit of pressure on ourselves to qualify but we have a bloke coming back for this game called Alex Hales, who we've all been missing – and I think he's been missing us as well.”
Hale is yet to play any domestic cricket this season, after spending the last six weeks with Sunrisers Hyderabad in the Indian Premier League.
The opener made his mark in last year's Royal London One-Day Cup competition by scoring an undefeated 187 in the final against Surrey.
Fletcher said: “He's as excited to be back as we are to have him and to bring a world class player in will obviously give the batting line-up a massive boost.”
Team-mate Ross Taylor agrees that Notts may now need to win all three of their remaining qualifying matches in order to have a chance of defending their trophy.
“Yes, I think we probably do,” he stated. “We need to do it so we don't have to rely on other people.
“We are certainly capable of winning all three and we don't need to search too much to see what needs to happen. We need to do the basics well to give ourselves a chance.
“But obviously it's a big game on Friday.”
The second match in the Outlaws' weekend double-header is on Sunday, when they face Durham in Chester-le-Street.
A home day-night fixture, next Thursday, against Derbyshire completes the programme of fixtures for Peter Moores' squad and they will be hoping that they go into that contest with realistic hope of still being able to make the knock-out round.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Black Stars captain Asamoah Gyan and President-elect Akufo-Addo
In the absence of Asamoah Gyan and Andre Ayew stand-in Black Stars captain Emmanuel Agyemang-Badu says his teammates are poised to end Ghana's long wait for a major title by winning the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations to make President-elect Nana Addo Dankwa Akufo Addo proud.
The Udinese star spoke on behalf on his teammates after meeting with a two-man delegation from the incoming president.
”We want to congratulate the president-elect for the wonderful job he has done throughout the year and being elected next president of the the republic of Ghana,” he said.
“Secondly, the team is poised for action when the tournament starts on the 14th of January. We started our training three days ago and so far there's no injury in camp, everything is going on well.
”We are leaving here tomorrow to Dubai as president (Kwesi Nyantakyi) said to continue our intense training programmes.
”With the quality in camp, the cohesion and team spirit, I think Nana will be proud of us by the time the tournament ends.”
@NATIONAL ACCORD/Myjoyonline.com
Watch the midday newscast with Chay Hofileña
Published 1:08 PM, August 14, 2017
Today on Rappler: Duterte seeks P4.2B to double Customs workforce. One dead at U.S. far-right rally, Trump blames 'many sides.' Gilas Pilipinas cruises to 3rd straight win after beating Qatar in FIBA Asia Cup.
JAKARTA, April 10 Indonesia's retail sales in February grew 3.7 percent from a year earlier, a slower pace than in January, a survey by Bank Indonesia (BI) showed on Monday.
January annual retail sales rose 6.3 percent.
The central bank said decreased buying of food and non-food items weakened the growth rate in February.
The survey of 700 retailers in 10 major cities predicted that March annual retail sales growth would be 2.6 percent, due to further weakening in sales of food and non-food items.
Survey respondents felt that price pressures were expected to increase in the next three months.
They also predicted retail sales will increase in May in line with increasing demand ahead of the Muslim fasting month, which begins in late May. (Reporting by Nilufar Rizki; Editing by Richard Borsuk)
At one point, athletics resembled Usain Bolt down and out on the track. Now, the sport is rebuilding its image.
Published 3:00 PM, August 14, 2017
LONDON, United Kingdom – Usain Bolt's retirement leaves a huge vacuum to fill but athletics is moving in the right direction in rebranding itself after scandals that seriously damaged its image, according to sports marketing experts.
At one point, following serious allegations about former athletics boss Lamine Diack as well as the Russian doping scandal, the sport resembled the Jamaican superstar in his last appearance in a championship final, Saturday's 4x100 meters relay, lying prone down and out on the track.
However, under the leadership of Diack's successor Sebastian Coe, president of the International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF), the governing body says it is beginning to take the right steps in restoring its image.
"The authorities are making it more accessible and improving its presentation and taking it into an urban environment with street races," Jon Tibbs, chairman of leading sport public relations firm Jon Tibbs Associates (JTA), told Agence France-Presse.
"It is becoming more accessible and more cool but then it has to take into account that it is competing with sports such as parkour."
Michael Payne, who as director of marketing at the International Olympic Committee (IOC) is widely credited with transforming both its brand and finances through sponsorship, told Agence France-Presse that Coe has taken measures which has seen the sport "turn a corner" but from a "very low base."
"There is an awful lot to do post the Diack era," said Payne speaking by phone from Switzerland.
"The issues facing athletics go far beyond losing a superstar of Bolt's stature. With no disrespect intended, superstars come and they go."
Payne, who after leaving the IOC in 2004 performed a similar role with Formula One, said Coe had brought much needed dynamism on the back of his leading the winning bid for the 2012 Olympics and then staying on to deliver a successful London Games.
"They (the sport) have to ensure they are in robust health and clearly they were allowed to drift significantly off track," said Payne.
"Coe has been instigating a drastic restructuring at grassroots level but you also need great events and London (the world championships) seen from afar has been a huge success. So they are still capable of delivering a great championship.
"Bolt has shown he is willing to act as an ambassador and he can play an important role in bringing the sport back to a pre-eminent position."
'They were true rock stars'
Tibbs, who has been honored by Queen Elizabeth II for his services to international trade and sports, says the sport does need to find a "superhuman" replacement.
He equates the loss of Bolt to how golf has suffered since Tiger Woods went into meltdown.
"Golf has declined in many markets since Woods was in his pomp, although it is not in terminal decline.
"Jordan Spieth is a great player but not a lot of people would be racing to jump out of bed and say I want to be the next Jordan Spieth.
"Woods and Bolt had exactly the same unbeatable aura, broke records, and had a maverick edge to them. They were true rock stars.
"Rory McIlroy has the maverick edge but is simply not winning enough to warrant being in the same camp."
Payne, who says the awarding of medals several years after the event is not good for the "image of the sport" as it undermines spectators' confidence that what they are watching in London is fair competition, believes one area the sport should address is modernizing the way it presents itself.
"One of the challenges the sport is facing in 2017 is athletics shown on television isn't as conducive to what it was 30 years ago.
"I am not sure athletics has moved with the times to a new media environment."
Tibbs, whose company played a leading role in Sochi winning the 2014 Winter Olympics among other successes, says the sport is moving forwards after some very rough times.
"I would give them, for the moment, the benefit of the doubt that things are moving in the right direction.
"However, it is up to Coe, WADA (World Anti-Doping Agency), athletes entourages and event organizers to get together and enforce change.
"That is the challenge facing Coe." – Rappler.com
Media Contact
Josie Fey
josie@rfpio.com Josie Fey
End
-- RFPIO, a leading provider of cloud-based RFP (Request for Proposal) response software, has been selected as one of the Portland Business Journal's 2017 Small Business Innovation Award winners.The honor is awarded to 15 local small businesses that provide a compelling product or service that demonstrates excellence in innovation, design, industry impact, efficiency and revenue growth. The Small Business Innovation Awards program is now in its fifth year.RFPIO provides technology to streamline proposal management efforts by automating repetitive tasks, centralizing responses for RFPs and security questionnaires, and encouraging collaboration among key stakeholders.The company joins 15 other local businesses as winners of the award. Earlier this year RFPIO was selected as the top proposal management software on G2 Crowd, a popular software review platform, based on user reviews from happy customers.Ganesh Shankar, CEO at RFPIO, said, "I'm so happy to hear the news that we are one of the winners of this award. We have clients around the globe that have voted us a high performer in our segment, so it is further validation to be recognized at home. We are thrilled to be a part of the thriving tech community in Portland and are honored to be among our fellow winners."Since RFPIO's launch, the response from clients and supporters has been overwhelmingly positive. On average, companies spend 20-40 hours on a single RFP response. With RFPIO's innovative technology, organizations are saving 40 to 50 percent on RFP response completion. This massive time and resource savings empowers teams to participate in more proposals, provide high quality responses and create additional revenue opportunities.Portland Business Journal's Director of Events, Lexy Garbarino, said, "These awards are a celebration of entrepreneurship in the region. The companies we've chosen have cutting edge products and state-of-the-art services that have the potential to be market changers.We are bringing together investors and people who are interested in these products and services to help the award winners grow and gain exposure," she said. Garbarino added that the number of nominees had grown significantly from the previous year.Winners will showcase their product or service and be honored at the awards ceremony on Wednesday 1 November 2017 at the Hilton Hotel in downtown Portland. Tickets are available to the general public on the Portland Business Journal's website ( https://www.bizjournals.com/ portland/event/ 155832/2017/ sm... ).RFPIO delivers revolutionary proposal management software that enhances collaboration and fosters a truly efficient response process. Bi-directional integrations with many popular solutions, along with an open API, allow teams to connect their favorite technologies while providing instant access to content. Built by a team that knows RFP response, RFPIO empowers teams to thrive. RFPIO works with many enterprise organizations, such as LinkedIn, Zoom Video, Tenable, DTI, and Vonage. For more information visit www.rfpio.com or follow @rfpioinc on Twitter.The Portland Business Journal's Small Business Innovation Awards has been an annual event since 2013. The awards are given to 15 local companies that offer products or services that demonstrate excellence in innovation, design, industry impact, efficiency and revenue growth. Winners will be honored at an awards ceremony on Wednesday 1 November 2017 at the Hilton Hotel in downtown Portland.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.
Sept. 22 networking event will be held on the rooftop patio of the new campus
Antioch University will host a Antioch University will host a Santa Barbara Hispanic Chamber of Commerce business networking mixer from 5:30 to 7:30 p.m. Thursday, Sept. 22 on the school's rooftop patio at its new campus, 602 Anacapa St.
The mixer is a kickoff for Hispanic Heritage Month from Sept. 15 to Oct. 15, according to chamber President Luis Villegas.
Also at the mixer, businesses that join the Hispanic Chamber of Commerce will reap the benefits of SBcoupons.com, a free website that provides discounts for a variety of South Coast companies. Joining the chamber will mean $100 off SBcoupons.com service, a free business website and free TV ads.
The cost for the mixer is $5 for chamber members and $10 for nonmembers.
For more information, click here or call 805.233.3690.
— Luis Villegas is board president of the Santa Barbara Hispanic Chamber of Commerce.
The Latest: US secretary of state to visit Mexico
MEXICO CITY (AP) — The Latest on Mexico's President-elect Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador (all times local):
1:55 p.m.
Mexico's Foreign Affairs Ministry says U.S. Secretary of State Michael Pompeo will visit Mexico July 13 to meet with President Enrique Pena Nieto and President-elect Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador.
It says they will discuss issues including immigration, trade, security and development.
The leftist Lopez Obrador won the presidency Sunday by capturing 53 percent of the popular vote. He mentioned the upcoming meeting with Pompeo during a news conference Tuesday and said it had been agreed to during a conversation with President Donald Trump on Monday.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.
By Kap Maceda Aguila
OUR streets have long been a concrete jungle of chaos, with everyone seemingly out for himself. And whether brought about by the sheer number of vehicles or generally aggressive, devil-may-care style of driving, the numbers reveal a disturbing, unsafe trend. The Metro Manila Development Authority reports that 680 road crashes are reported in its jurisdiction every day. That's 680 too many, of course, and while we never want to be part of that number, it can sometimes be out of our hands.
As it is, we are largely left to the tender mercies of the other motorists. Even if we cultivate safe habits behind the wheel such as remembering to drive defensively, we might still find ourselves in a fender-bender — or worse. To an extent, dashboard cameras help tell the story, and so the widespread adoption and use of this technological innovation is certainly a welcome development.
Still, if this aspect of safety is developing and leveraging on technology, isn't it about time for car insurance — that most overlooked of inconveniences (until we actually need it, that is) — to be brought into the here and now? That's precisely what the people at UCPB General Insurance Co., Inc., or UCPB GEN, thought. With over half a century of experience, it now seeks to “redefine the [car] insurance landscape [with an innovation] that equips cars with a monitoring device… which not only keeps [occupants] safe but also helps them save.”
Appropriately named “Blackbox,” UCPB GEN's game-changer is predicated on a small GPS tracker with advanced telematics that “records important data about the car and driver's behavior.” In a statement, UCPB GEN says the device, which is installed in a few minutes by simply connecting it to the vehicle's battery terminals, “detects [the] car's vital signs — distance traveled, time of day, speed, acceleration, and even the location. It also has a crash sensor to alert… real-time in case of accident and detect other vehicle movements such as swerving or turning.” While affording the car owner a quantitative insight into his/her (or driver's) driving style, the Blackbox allows the registered vehicle's position to be monitored at all times via a free-to-download app or a website.
You might ask why the company would be interested in its client's driving technique. Well, the VTEL-powered device ultimately allows unprecedented unbiased insight into the risk factor of its clients. Aggressive driving (i.e. riskier) can be easily ascertained through harsh braking, jackrabbit starts, and other sustained behavioral tendencies when behind the wheel. While safe driving is its own reward, drivers can now actually more tangibly reap the benefits of safe driving. UCPB GEN can slash up to 20% off a safe driver's policy — putting big data analytics in your service.
Of course, in this privacy-conscious age when the security of personal data has been seriously and repeatedly compromised, we need to raise concerns about just what is relayed to whom. Replying to a question from this writer, UCPB GEN Vice-President for technical services Mary Liao said that, for starters, the data is stored in the cloud and encrypted — accessible only to the user. However, in the event of an emergency, such as a crash, the device will transmit to the kaLAKBAY Plus data/call center the exact location of the vehicle, along with accident details. A 24-hour emergency response team will then be mobilized to go to the site. The event will also trigger an alert on the app. So during other times, the call center — and anyone else not logged in to unique account on the UCPB GEN app — cannot access location information, underscored Ms. Liao.
The tiny, durable device wouldn't make the filing of a police report irrelevant, but it can surely speed up the process for making claims, said UCPB GEN senior vice-president Edgardo Rosario, because the Blackbox basically transmits to the company a picture of what transpired. The best part is that installing the unit will not void your vehicle warranty.
UCPB GEN Blackbox Insurance has two package plans, Pay How You Drive (annual insurance cover) and Pay As You Drive (insurance on demand). The VTEL device itself costs P15,000 if you purchase it outright, but with the former plan it comes for free, along with the GPS service subscription. Meanwhile, Pay As You Drive is a highly customizable sachet insurance product that can be based on days (from five to 180) or per-kilometer coverage (from 500 kilometers up).
So, you save yourself while saving pesos while you drive. Work your head around that one.
For more information on the UCPB GEN Blackbox Insurance, log on to www.ucpbgen.com/blackbox/.
March 30 Advanced Integrated Manufacturing Corp Ltd
* Refers to joint announcement dated 24 november 2016 made by hao corp pte. ltd. And co in relation to proposed voluntary delisting of co
* Wishes to announce that sgx-st has in its letter advised that it has no objection to delisting Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Soccer-Manchester United complete Lindelof signing
LONDON, June 14 Manchester United have completed the signing of Sweden defender Victor Lindelof from Portuguese champions Benfica on a four-year contract with the option of extending it by another year, the Premier League club said on Wednesday.
High School students get hands-on experience and explore their options in the STEM industry in a visit to the Seabee Base.
Australian Foreign Minister Julie Bishop has strongly condemned the New Zealand Labour Party - saying should it be in power after the election it would be "very hard" to build trust.
"New Zealand is facing an election. Should there be a change of Government, I would find it very hard to build trust with those involved in allegations designed to undermine the Government of Australia," Bishop said today.
"I'm referring to Bill Shorten using a foreign political party to raise questions in a foreign parliament deliberately designed to undermine confidence in the Australian Government."
Bishop made the extraordinary comments after Labour MP Chris Hipkins on August 9 put in two parliamentary written questions to Internal Affairs Minister Peter Dunne about the legal status of an Australian born to a New Zealand parent.
Advertisement
That was just days after an Australian journalist asked about Australia's Deputy PM Barnaby Joyce's citizenship.
Joyce this week was told by the New Zealand Government that he had New Zealand citizenship by descent - MPs in Australia are barred from having dual citizenship and the rule has already seen two Green MPs leave Parliament.
Labour leader Jacinda Ardern, apparently responding to Bishop's comments, tweeted that she knew "absolutely nothing about the Barnaby Joyce case until it broke in the media yesterday".
"I value our relationship with the Australian Govt highly. I won't let disappointing & false claims stand in the way of that relationship," Ardern tweeted.
I value our relationship with the Australian Govt highly. I won't let disappointing & false claims stand in the way of that relationship — Jacinda Ardern (@jacindaardern) August 15, 2017
Ardern said this afternoon that it was "highly regrettable" Bishop has made "false claims" about Labour.
"I have been utterly transparent about this situation," she said.
"I stand by my statements this morning that I knew absolutely nothing about the Barnaby Joyce case until it broke in the media yesterday afternoon."
Ardern said she had no knowledge about the Parliamentary questions lodged by Hipkins and had made it clear those questions were not appropriate.
"I greatly value New Zealand's relationship with the Australian Government. I will not let false claims stand in the way of that relationship.
"I would happily take a call from Julie Bishop to clarify matters."
Ardern said she had contacted the Australian High Commission to "register my disappointment" and would be meeting with the High Commissioner in Wellington later today.
Speaking in Australia's Parliament, Joyce said the New Zealand officials were prompted to look into it by queries from the NZ Labour Party, although Dunne has since confirmed officials were first prompted by an Australian journalist rather than Hipkins.
Hipkins had put in two parliamentary written questions to Dunne about the legal status of an Australian born to a New Zealand parent on August 9, just after an Australian journalist asked about Joyce's situation.
Ardern denied Labour had been trying to help its Australian counterparts on a dirt digging exercise, saying Hipkins had not known questions asked of him by an "acquaintance" in the Australian Labor Party related to Joyce. Hipkins had not known the law so had put in formal written questions to Dunne.
She admitted Hipkins had an inkling of what the general issue might be, given two Green MPs had had to stand down because they were found to have dual citizenship.
She said it was now clear the inquiries were prompted by the Australian journalist rather than Hipkins.
"However, Chris himself has acknowledged that had he known what those questions would be used for, he wouldn't have asked them. And I've certainly relayed to him that it's my expectation that we focus on our own election rather than matters that are of no concern to us.
He didn't know who was involved but I've made it clear to him that regardless of those circumstances this is not an issue that we should have been involved in."
NZ First leader Winston Peters, a former Foreign Minister, said the Hipkins' "hit" on Joyce was the equivalent of the underarm delivery.
"It is distasteful to see the New Zealand Labour Party colluding with the Australian Labor Party on what was a political hit job targeting the Australian Deputy Prime Minister."
He also criticised Internal Affairs Minister Peter Dunne for corroborating the information that Joyce was a citizen.
"This could do serious damage to New Zealand's relationship with Australia and the rights of New Zealanders in Australia."
Peters said Ardern must have known about Hipkins' actions, and it had seriously damaged relations between Australia and New Zealand.
It would be Kiwis living in Australia who would ultimately pay the price of Labour's political "idiocy", Peters said.
"Look at the collateral damage - it's us. And if you have any relations in Australia who are second-class citizens, you can now find out why."
Peters said if any of his MPs behaved like Hipkins they would be demoted right down the list.
"You cannot have people behaving in that rogue way, or think it's a smart idea. The truth is, she [Ardern] must have known."
Foreign Minister Gerry Brownlee said Bishop's comments were understandable given Hipkin's actions - which he described as "quite extraordinary."
"It's extraordinary that a New Zealand member of Parliament has allowed himself to be used by a party in a different country with an intent to bring another party in that country down.
It's quite extraordinary. I just don't think we've seen anything like this before."
Brownlee said such events did not help in building strong relations with other countries - and would make it harder to deal with Australia on issues such as the recent decision to charge New Zealanders the same university fees as other international student - a topic that was still under discussion.
Asked if Bishop's own comments were appropriate when an election in New Zealand was so close, Brownlee said it was a reasonable reaction in the circumstances.
He said Hipkins had misused the Parliamentary question system and it was clearly with the intent of bringing down a party in another country. It was up to Ardern to decide how to deal with Hipkins.
"But it is a very strange thing to have done and it does indicate a degree of influence on that member from well outside the Parliament."
Asked if he believed Hipkins' claim not to know Barnaby Joyce was the subject of the query from an Australia Labor Party, Brownlee said it would be surprising to agree to act on something without knowing what it was about.
He also appeared to cast doubt on Internal Affairs Minister Peter Dunne's claim that it was a query by an Australian journalist that prompted the Department of Internal Affairs to look at Joyce's case rather than Hipkins, saying it was Hipkins' questions.
Asked if he was saying Dunne was wrong, Brownlee said "I think you'll find it was his question that prompted the need for the New Zealand High Commission in Australia to approach Mr Joyce and say 'this is the situation.'"
The Australian journalist has said he put in questions on the matter prior to Hipkins' questions.
Brownlee said he last spoke to Bishop last Friday but had not spoken to her about Hipkins.
Joyce has asked the High Court to look at the case, saying he had not been aware he was a New Zealand citizen - it was automatic because his father was New Zealander.
Safety fears over the possible downgrading of Pontefract's A&E department have been raised in a report by the district's health and social care watchdog.
People who took part in a study by Healthwatch Wakefield pleaded with NHS bosses to maintain 24-7 emergency care in the town - a sign that a proposed shake-up of services faces strong public opposition.
More than 2,000 people took part in the survey, launched after NHS Wakefield Clinical Commissioning Group (CCG) put the future of the department under review.
It could be turned into an urgent care centre and the most serious emergency patients transferred to Pinderfields Hospital after next March. It follows a similar downgrade of Dewsbury's A&E under changes at Mid Yorkshire Hospitals Trust.
The Healthwatch report said: “The largest theme by far was the plea for Pontefract Hospital A&E to remain open to serve the local population.”
People wanted more facilities at Pontefract Hospital and were concerned that the site was not being used to its full capacity.
The report said: “They said it needs more beds, more staff and it needs more facilities to serve the local community.”
People told Healthwatch of problems getting home after they had been transferred from Pontefract Hospital to Pinderfields.
Healthwatch also found that: “There is widespread confusion over what services Pontefract Hospital currently provides.”
Wakefield CCG is currently extending evening and weekend access to GP appointments to help ease the pressure on busy A&E departments.
A CCG spokesman said: “The findings from the engagement have confirmed that local people are unclear about where to go for urgent health care.
“This is why we are looking at how we can help people make the right choices according to their needs, and how the service could be better used to meet demand alongside other local health care improvements.”
Currently, Pontefract A&E is staffed by Mid Yorkshire doctors and nurses between 8am and 10pm.
Overnight it is staffed by GPs and specialist nurses.
NHS bosses have questioned whether that will be the best use of resources after the contract to run the current Pontefract A&E service ends next March.
House prices have 'rocketed' 15% along the new Luas cross-city line, which went into operation in Dublin at the weekend.
That's compared to a 6% increase in similar homes near other rail stations, according to new KBC researches from Daft.ie.
The data looks at three-bed properties near all stations in Dublin.
While homes near the existing Beechwood station still command the highest average asking prices, properties near the new Dawson, Trinity and Westmoreland stops now come with average asking prices of €519,000.
Services began on the new Green Line extension on Saturday, and links Stephen's Green with Broombridge in Cabra.
Daft.ie's Martin Clancy says they analysed the average asking prices for each stop:
MADRID Spanish consumer inflation eased sharply in March as fuel and power prices fell, data showed on Thursday, feeding into a debate about the euro zone's monetary policy outlook before equivalent data from its dominant economy Germany.
European Union-harmonised inflation was 2.1 percent year-on-year, the flash data from the National Statistics Institute (INE) showed, compared with a Reuters poll of 2.7 percent and with a reading of 3.0 percent in February.
INE data also showed Spain's national consumer price index rose by 2.3 percent in March, down from 3.0 percent in February.
On a month-on-month basis, Spanish national consumer prices were flat, the lowest monthly variation since March 1998.
"This is much lower than we'd expected and is principally due to the effect of oil prices," said Estefania Ponte, analyst at BNP Paribas Personal Investors in Madrid.
Spanish inflation was seen ending the year at between 2-2.5 percent, Ponte said, within touching distance of the European Central Bank's inflation target of near to, but below, 2 percent.
The Bank of Spain said on Thursday it expected consumer price rises seen at the beginning of the year to ease through the rest of 2017 and to be below 1.5 percent in 2018.
Thursday's sharp fall contributed to a drop in German and French government bond yields as traders expected similar softer figures across the euro zone, reducing pressure on the ECB to rein back its stimulus measures.
In Germany, regional inflation data pointed to a similar fall from February in the national reading, which is due later on Thursday.
The ECB has said it needed to see if gains in inflation rises at the start of the year were sustainable in the medium term before considering changing policy which pumps billions of euros into the euro zone economy through asset purchases.
(Reporting by Paul Day; editing by John Stonestreet)
(UPDATED) The Bureau of Immigration revokes the missionary visa of Australian nun Sister Patricia Fox 'due to her involvement in partisan political activities'
Published 8:30 AM, April 25, 2018
This is a developing story. Please refresh this page for updates.
MANILA, Philippines (UPDATED) – Revoking her missionary visa, the Philippines on Wednesday, April 25, said it ordered Australian nun Patricia Fox to leave the country because she supposedly engaged in "partisan political activities."
The board of commissioners of the Bureau of Immigration (BI) issued its one-page order on Fox on Monday, April 23.
Fox's missionary visa, due to expire on September 5, is now deemed forfeited. Her alien certificate of registration is also set to be deactivated.
"She was found to have engaged in activities that are not allowed under the terms and conditions of her visa," said BI Commissioner Jaime Morente.
Morente explained that Fox's visa "granted her only the privilege to engage in missionary work and not in political activities."
"We direct Fox to leave the Philippines within 30 days from receipt of this order," said the BI board of commissioners.
More to follow. – Rappler.com
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
O SAY CAN YOU NOT The Music Theory Behind Why The National Anthem Is So Hard To Sing
"The Star-Spangled Banner" has a wide range, difficult vowels and a bunch of unexpected notes. This is either the reason it sucks or the key to its genius, depending on who you ask.
Arkady Babchenko, the Russian journalist reportedly murdered in Kiev, faked his death as part of a sting operation to "expose Russian agents" who were plotting his killing, Ukrainian officials have said.
The 41-year-old appeared at a press conference alongside the head of the Ukrainian security service today, the Daily Telegraph reports.
Babchenko, who was visibly tearful, said: "Special apologies to my wife. Olechka, I am sorry, but there were no options here.
Russian journalist Arkady Babchenko speaks to the media during a news conference at the Ukrainian Security Service today. Photo / AP
"The operation took two months to prepare. I was told a month ago. As a result of the operation, one person has been captured, he is being held."
Advertisement
Vasily Gritsak, head of the Ukrainian Security Service (SBU), said the sting had been set up in order to thwart a genuine plot against Babchenko's life.
"I can now reveal details of the SBU special operation, thanks to which we were able not only to thwart a cynical provocation, but also document the Russian special service's preparations for this low crime," Gritsak told journalists in Kiev.
"I could offer my condolences to to Arkady Babchenko's family, but I will not. On the contrary, today I congratulate Arkady on his third birthday in this hall," he added before Babchenko entered the room.
Babchenko has previously described a narrow escape with death while reporting the war in Ukraine in 2014 as his "second birthday."
Babchenko's death was announced yesterday and sent shockwaves through the Russian journalistic community.
Babchenko, known for his sharp criticism of Russian President Vladimir Putin, was reported to have been found by his wife in a pool of blood at their Kiev apartment after apparently having been shot in the back.
He died in the ambulance on the way to hospital, Ukrainian police earlier said.
His murder had been ordered by Russian security services, the head of Ukraine's security service had earlier claimed.
Реакція журналістів ATR 😍
Відео - Kateryna Lisunova pic.twitter.com/GmkBcXc157 — Радіо Свобода (@radiosvoboda) May 30, 2018
"According to information received by the Ukrainian security service, the killing of Russian journalist Arkady Babchenko was ordered by the Russian security services themselves," Gritsak told the news conference.
Gritsak said the reason for SBU's elaborate plan to fake Babchenko's death had been to catch the Ukrainian man hired to kill him, and his Russian paymasters.
Gritsak said investigators had identified a Ukrainian citizen who had been recruited and paid US$40,000 by the Russian security service to organize the killing.
The unnamed Ukrainian had in turn hired an acquaintance as the gunman, who they had also identified, and both men had been arrested.
Russian journalist Arkady Babchenko reacts during a news conference at the Ukrainian Security Service. Photo / AP
However, Gritsak did not reveal how the SBU had been able to trace the chain of events from the two unnamed Ukrainian men, back to the Russians, nor how they could prove that they were the ones responsible for paying them.
The SBU later released a video purportedly showing them arresting a man in Kiev today, who they claim is a suspected Russian agent who they say ordered the hit on Babchenko. They did not identify the man and gave no extra detail.
When Babchenko, who has six daughters, five of whom are adopted, was ushered into the room he said: "Apologies to my wife, Olechka (Olga).
"I'm sorry, but there were no other options. The operation was being prepared for two months.
"They told me a month ago. As the result of the operation, a man is taken, he is in custody."
Arkady Babchenko with his family. Photo / Supplied
One Ukrainian minister compared the operation to a Sherlock Holmes plot, where the fictional detective had staged his own death.
Ukraine's President Petro Poroshenko has said they will provide protection to Babchenko and his family.
"Ukrainian law enforcement agencies are becoming stronger every day in countering Russian aggression," Poroshenko said on Twitter.
"It is unlikely that Moscow will calm down - I've given an order to provide Arkady and his family with protection."
Russian foreign ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova said: "The fact that Babchenko is alive is the best news," but added that Ukraine was using the case for "propaganda".
Russian senator Sergey Kalashnikov claimed Ukraine was guilty of "continuous fake information on all issues".
Vasily Gritsak, foreground right, demonstrates on the screen video of the arrest of a man who had allegedly ordered the killing of Russian journalist Arkady Babchenko. Photo / AP
Babchenko, a former soldier in the Chechen war who became one of Russia's best-known war correspondents, had left his homeland fearing for his life after criticising Russian policy in Ukraine and Syria.
His apparent death had been reported in Ukraine yesterday, with Kiev police saying he had been shot dead after returning to his home after going food shopping.
Arkady Babchenko is actually alive, the whole death thing was actually a special operation to catch those plotting to kill him, he says at a press conference. Wow. Only in Ukraine https://t.co/hwvDfGdyJs pic.twitter.com/W1R98JQqSA — Alec Luhn (@ASLuhn) May 30, 2018
Ukrainian police spokesman Yaroslav Trakalo had said Babchenko was found bleeding by his wife after she heard shooting, adding that he died in an ambulance on his way to hospital.
Images circulated of Babchenko lying on his front with holes in the back of his shirt, and a pool of blood underneath him.
"The first and the most probable [reason for his murder] is his professional activity," Kiev police chief Andriy Kryshchenko had said at a televised press briefing earlier today.
Ukrainian authorities even released a drawing of the man they suspect is Babchenko's assassin, around 40-45 years old, with a grey beard and wearing a cap.
Ukrainian interior minister, Anton Gerashchenko admitted that he had been among a "limited circle of people" who knew that the "murder" had been staged.
Writing on Facebook he said: "Arkady Babchenko is alive.
"As a result of a brilliant special operation conducted by Ukrainian law enforcers, the killer who was ordered to murder Arkady and the organiser of the murder were detained.
"In order to document the customers and organisers of the crime - the representatives of the Russian special services, they had to be assured that the hired killer had successfully completed the order.
This image began circulating after Babchenko's 'death' was made public. Photo / Supplied
"The fact that the murder of Arkady Babchenko was staged was known to a very limited circle of people.
"This was done in the interests of preventing the slightest possibility of information leakage.
"To do this, law enforcement officers had to stage a large-scale information security operation.
"This entailed publishing pictures of the allegedly murdered Arkady Babchenko, and distributing the identikit of the alleged killer with a Caucasian appearance.
"To create a picture of full reality, statements about the death of Arkady were made by officials of our National Police.
"Law enforcers clearly understood that the news of the murder of Arkady Babchenko would be a pain for thousands of hearts around the world. But they had no other choice.
"In order to trace and document the chain from the killer to the organisers and customers it was necessary to create in them full confidence that the order was executed and force them to take a number of actions that will be documented by the investigation.
"After all, even Sherlock Holmes successfully used the method of staging his own death for the effective investigation of complex and intricate crimes. No matter how painful it was for his relatives and friends.
"A unique special operation to prevent the murder of Arkady Babchenko is an example of effective cooperation between the Security Service and the National Police in the prevention of terrorist acts and political murders.
"Unique is also the fact that there was no leakage of information about this special operation either before the staging of the murder of Arkady Babchenko or after.
"This suggests that we have learned to fight on the invisible front of confrontation with Russian special services.
"I thank all honest and daring staff of the Security Service, the National Police and the Prosecutor's Office for your contribution to the protection of the National Security of Ukraine and for saving the lives of Arkady Babchenko, Igor Bogdanov, me and other targets of Russian saboteurs.
"I wish Arkady Babchenko health and long life."
After being blamed for Babchenko's death, Russian authorities had furiously denied the blame, with Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov saying earlier today that it was "very sad" Moscow had been accused of murdering the reporter.
"The Ukrainian prime minister is already talking about how it was done by Russian secret services," he said.
"This fashion of conducting international affairs is very sad," Lavrov told reporters, and investigators in Moscow opened their own probe.
"The Investigative Committee is not going to turn a blind eye to the cruel crimes against Russian citizens," it said in a statement.
- additional reporting Daily Mail
SHARES FELL on Tuesday, continuing a downward trajectory, as the region provided no fresh leads for investors to trade on.
The bellwether Philippine Stock Exchange index (PSEi)plunged 1.54% or 119.11 points to 7,600.36 Tuesday, Apr. 24, while the broader all-shares index also lost 1.26% or 59.32 points to 4,617.77.
“Philippine markets continued to sell down as investors continued to stay on the sidelines without any catalysts from regional market,” Regina Capital Development Corp. Managing Director Luis A. Limlingan said in a mobile phone message.
PCCI Securities Brokers Corp. Research Head Joseph James F. Lago noted that this is a continuation of the market's correction that has been in place since Jan. 30.
“Rising global yields, particularly that of US Treasuries, have been the main culprit coupled with the domestic inflation that will certainly be at the 4+% range for the whole year given the short-term impact of the TRAIN (Tax Reform for Acceleration and Inclusion) law and the continued rise of crude prices,” Mr. Lago said in an e-mail.
The PCCI Securities analyst noted that there may be an impact on both the country's economic growth and corporate profits with higher domestic rates.
Back home, all sectoral counters remained in negative territory, with property leading the decline with a 2.03% drop or 72.85 points to 3,514.84. Mining and oil declined 1.8% or 189.59 points to 10,343.13, followed by industrials which dropped 1.78% or 197.71 points to 10,878.89.
Financials fell by 1.44% or 28.75 points to 1,964.57; holding firms lost 1.19% or 91.10 points to 7,540.83; while services gave up 0.72% or 11.30 points to 1,552.84.
Some 2.3 billion issues valued at P6.53 billion switched hands, lower than Monday's P5.48 billion.
Declining stocks prevailed for the day at 143 versus 68 that gained and 40 that remained flat.
Foreign investors were net sellers for the fourth consecutive day as they dumped a net P175.32 million worth of funds, although lower than the P308.2 million in net sales on Monday.
“At the current trajectory, the PSEi might test the 7,500 level within the short-term. With relative valuations much more attractive than what it was 3 months ago, a support might be found at this level,” Mr. Lago said.
Overseas, markets in the United States ended mixed. The Dow Jones Industrial Average dipped 0.06% or 14.25 points to 24,448.69. The S&P 500 index barely moved, adding 0.01% or 0.15 point to 2,670.29, while the Nasdaq Composite index lost 0.25% or 17.53 points to 7,128.60.
Meanwhile, most Southeast Asian stock markets came under pressure on Tuesday as concerns over US inflation and fiscal deficit pushed up treasury yields, stoking a sell-off in equities.
US bond prices have fallen for the past four days, pushing up the 10-year yield to 2.998%, its highest since January 2014. — A.B. Francia with Reuters
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Richard Gere is a happy man at 68.
The actor has found love with Spanish wife Alejandra Silva, 35, after they're starting dating in 2014. The couple quietly married earlier this month and have been enjoying life together in New York along with her 5-year-old son Albert from her previous marriage. Gere has a 17-year-old son, Homer, with his second wife Carey Lowell.
“Richard has been much happier in this half of his life because he is settled, confident and doing what he likes,” a film source who has known him for years tells PEOPLE. “Practicing Buddhism and doing humanitarian work have fulfilled and transformed him, and he is at a stage when he can make the kinds of films that he likes.”
Richard Gere and Alejandra Silva
In Silva he found a partner that valued humanitarian work as much as he does. The Spanish activist runs Rais Fundacion, which is working to eradicate homelessness in Spain in five years. The two also have religion in common as Silva converted to Buddhism after connecting with the Pretty Woman star.
“I was born Catholic, but converted to Buddhism two years ago,” Silva told Spain's ABC newspaper in 2015. “I think it was already inside of me. I believe in reincarnation so that's why I think I was Buddhist before realizing it.”
Though they first met almost 20 years ago when Silva was a teenager and Gere borrowed a boat from her father to shoot a TV ad, the two didn't start dating until 2014.
Now, the happy couple has settled into life together and recently celebrated the Easter holiday at the luxe Bedford Post Inn in Bedford, N.Y., which Gere owns, and were spotted a few months before at a local iceskating rink.
“They held each other and kept each other warm on the sidelines as they watched her son learn to skate,” an onlooker tells PEOPLE.
This is Gere's third marriage. He first tied the knot with supermodel Cindy Crawford, who he was married to from 1991 to 1995. The actor later welcomed his only son, 17-year-old Homer, with his second wife Carey Lowell. Lowell and Gere married in 2002 before a contentious divorce that was finalized in 2016 after separating in 2013.
For Silva, this marks her second marriage after welcoming her son Albert in 2012 with then-husband Govind Friedland, a mining executive.
× Morning radio host leaves job after prostitution arrest
SEATTLE (AP) — A longtime Seattle radio talk show host has announced he is no longer with the station after he entered an Alford plea on a charge of patronizing a prostitute.
Former morning-show host on KJR 950 AM, 50-year-old Mitch Levy, said on Twitter Friday that his 23-year tenure at the Seattle sports-radio station was officially over.
As most of you realize by now, my 23 year tenure at KJR is over. I am fully aware that I have disappointed so many.. pic.twitter.com/DAMyQ2MSGL — mitch levy (@kjrmitch) October 6, 2017
The Seattle Times reports (https://goo.gl/r3zXgm) court records show that Levy of Bellevue on Thursday entered the plea on the misdemeanor charge, almost six weeks after he was arrested during an undercover prostitution sting in Bellevue.
In an Alford plea, defendants do not admit guilt but acknowledge sufficient evidence for conviction.
Court records say Levy was sentenced to two years of probation.
KJR's programming director, Rich Moore, declined to say whether Levy was fired or resigned.
The fact that Americans are in harm's way every day in the Middle East doesn't make the headlines like it did when the number of troops was greater than today. But it sure hits home when friends and neighbors head into the danger zones. More than 4,000 Mississippi National Guard soldiers will soon be deployed overseas.
Gwyneth Paltrow and Kelly Ripa shared their “stripper names” on Instagram in response to a hilarious social media experiment.
Paltrow got other celebrities intrigued in their “stripper names” after she commented on an Instagram post by CrazyBitchProbs_ that read, “Your stripper name is the color of your underwear and the last thing you ate.”
Paltrow, 45, said hers was “Grey fried rice,” as captured by Instagram page CommentsByCelebs.
After seeing the actress' response on CommentsByCelebs, Ripa, 47, shared her name, “Black lace Bonbon.”
Her husband, Riverdale‘s Mark Consuelos, also joined in on the phone, writing, “Black cod and risotto.”
Nick Lachey gave fans insight into his dietary habits and undergarments by writing, “Black Pepperoni Pizza,” while Rumer Willis wrote, “Yellow Spaghetti Belmondo.”
Paltrow is clearly kicking back and enjoying social media while on holiday with fiancé Brad Falchuk.
RELATED: Gwyneth Paltrow Celebrated Her Bachelorette Weekend at this Not-Yet-Open Luxury Resort
commentsbycelebs https://www.instagram.com/p/Bja1j5Xl6l7/?taken-by=commentsbycelebs
commentsbycelebs2 https://www.instagram.com/p/Bja1j5Xl6l7/?taken-by=commentsbycelebs
commentsbycelebs https://www.instagram.com/p/Bja1j5Xl6l7/?taken-by=commentsbycelebs
The couple spent their Memorial Day on a romantic vacation at the not-yet-open Four Seasons Costa Palmas, a luxury resort on the western coast of Mexico.
The actress and Goop guru also invited friends to the luxury resort for a bachelorette weekend in April, despite the property not technically being open for business. Its official debut is slated for sometime in 2018, according to Forbes.
Gwyneth Paltrow Jesse Grant/Getty
Want to keep up on the latest from PEOPLE? Sign up for our daily newsletter to get our best stories of the day delivered straight to your inbox.
Paltrow and Falchuk first met in 2010 when she made a guest appearance on Glee as Holly Holliday, a role for which she won an Emmy Award. The two officially started dating in the summer of 2014 and confirmed their engagement in January in Goop Magazine‘s Sex & Love issue.
April 10 Knight Transportation Inc
* Knight Transportation provides revised earnings guidance
* Sees earnings per diluted share will range from $0.16 to $0.18 for its Q1 ended March 31, 2017
* Sees earnings per diluted share will range from $0.24 to $0.27 for its Q2 ending June 30, 2017
* Revenue per loaded mile decreased year over year by approximately 2.4 pct in Q1
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.25 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Q2 earnings per share view $0.28 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
HE'S RIGHT THERE, PEOPLE! The Cast Of 'Avengers: Infinity War' Go On 'Kimmel' To Shit Talk Tom Holland
Robert Downey Jr., Zoe Saldana, Paul Bettany, Pom Klementieff and Tom Holland all seem like they get along... except for the fact that everyone agrees the kid who plays Spider-Man is a total troublemaker.
OTTAWA — The Competition Bureau says its new interim commissioner will be former assistant crown attorney Matthew Boswell.
Boswell succeeds John Pecman, who was the first bureau staffer and non-lawyer to hold the commissioner title.
Boswell joined the Competition Bureau in 2011 and has been senior deputy commissioner since September 2012.
He previously served as senior litigation counsel for the Ontario Securities Commission's enforcement branch.
WELLINGTON, April 10 New Zealand's stock exchange NZX Limited has appointed Mark Peterson as its permanent chief executive, it said on Monday.
Peterson joined the company in 2015 as head of markets, and been acting CEO since January.
Former chief executive Tim Bennett announced in October that he was stepping down at the end of 2016 after four years in the role. (Reporting by Charlotte Greenfield; editing by Susan Thomas)
WASHINGTON The U.S. International Trade Commission said on Wednesday it has launched a patent infringement investigation of television set-top boxes and other components that Arris International supplies to Comcast Corp and DirecTV for their Xfinity and Genie customers.
The U.S. ITC said in a statement it had launched the probe in response to a complaint filed by Sony Corp of Tokyo and Sony Electronics of San Diego. Arris International PLC and its subsidiaries were named as respondents in the case, which alleges that Arris has imported digital and satellite television products that infringe upon Sony patents.
(Reporting by David Alexander)
President Rodrigo Duterte says a committee tasked with examining land titles would make this 'fair to everybody'
Published 6:00 PM, July 04, 2018
MANILA, Philippines – President Rodrigo Duterte said a committee may need to be formed to determine who owns parcels of land in Boracay, currently closed to tourists for rehabilitation.
"Now the problem is how to determine who owns what. That's the problem now so there has to be a committee to be fair to everybody, from the local government then from the origins of any titles there," said Duterte on Wednesday, July 4.
He was speaking in front of Environment Secretary Roy Cimatu and other Department of Environment and Natural Resources (DENR) personnel during the agency's founding anniversary in Quezon City.
"Allow government to clean it and after that I will return Boracay to its rightful owners," he said.
The President repeated that Boracay is mostly agricultural land and forestland, saying it has "never been opened to any commercial exploitation." (READ: Boracay natives can sell land to big firms, if they want – Duterte)
While forestland and agricultural land means these are controlled by the government, there is an exception. Lands for which titles were issued before June 12, 1945, based on the registration code of the Philippines, are exempt from government control.
Duterte previously said he would leave it to Congress to delineate a "strip of land" for commercial purposes in the world-famous island.
Back in April, Duterte ordered the 6-month closure of Boracay after he called it a "cesspool." (READ: Boracay no longer a cesspool – Cimatu) – Rappler.com
This week Gautier City leaders are heading to Washington, DC to lobby for their city. Mayor Phil Torjusen joins us with details on just what they hope to achieve.
LONDON, April 13 At least four countries in the euro area are scheduled to sell bonds next week.
* On Tuesday, Slovakia will offer two bonds due in 2026 and 2031.
* Germany, the bloc's benchmark bond issuer, on Wednesday will auction 1 billion euros of bonds maturing in 2044.
* France and Spain are expected to sell bonds on Thursday, with details of the auctions yet to be released.
(Reporting by Dhara Ranasinghe, Editing by Abhinav Ramnarayan)
By Annie Reuter
The 2017 Teen Choice Awards were held on Sunday evening (Aug. 13) and one major name was missing: Miley Cyrus. The singer and actress shared her apologies with fans on Instagram that evening, explaining that while she had every intention of attending the awards show to accept her trophy for The Ultimate Choice Award, her schedule simply wouldn't allow her.
Related: Miley Cyrus Announces Title, Release Date of New Album
“To my dearest fans & all of those watching @teenchoicefox ! I want to say thank you from the very bottom of my heart for presenting me with #TheUltimateChoiceAward!” Cyrus writes. “I am beyond bummed I couldn't make it to the show as I had every intention of being there to accept and celebrate this honor! I created an unrealistic schedule for myself which leads me to this announcement!”
Then, with the grace of a veteran politician, Miley spun her apology into an act of self-promotion. “I've been tryin to keep the secret but I can't hide it any longer! My new single / music video #YoungerNow will be dropping this Friday, Aug 18th & I am sooooooo EXCITED to share it with all of you! I hope to always make people smile and shine light thru my work! I look forward to making music for the rest of my life and I'm thankful everyday for those who listen! I am sending so much love and peace into the world right now because THATS what we need most! Love Love & more LOVE!”
Cyrus wasn't the only celebrity who couldn't make it to the show. Bruno Mars accepted his Visionary Award from afar with a special video message.
Dave Stall, KUSI Auto Expert, showcases the 2017 Chevy Equinox LT 1.5T. Find out more about this car as Stall give an inside look to all the features and highlights
May 2 Highlight Event And Entertainment AG :
* Extraordinary shareholders' meeting resolves an ordinary capital increase and the extension and increase of the authorized share capital
* Shareholders' meeting approved proposed ordinary capital increase from currently 15,592,500 Swiss francs ($15.69 million)to maximum 62,370,000 francs with 99.98%
* Issuance of up to 5,197,500 fully paid-up bearer shares with a nominal value of CHF 9 each
* Hlee shares shall be paid up as follows: (i) 2,473,521 HLEE shares by a contribution in kind of total of 15,076,308 individual shares of constantin medien ag
* 1,070,000 hlee shares shall be paid up by an offsetting with an offsettable loan claim of CHF 16,050,000 and
* Subscriptions rights of current shareholders will be granted; each issued share will entitle its holder to subscribe for three new hlee shares at subscription price
* Up to 1,653,979 hlee shares shall be paid up in cash, each with a subscription price of presumably CHF 15
* Provided that ordinary capital increase of at least 3,500,000 hlee shares is implemented, board of directors will additionally be authorized to increase company's share capital by max of 2,538,426 HLEE shares until 2 May 2019 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9937 Swiss francs) (Gdynia Newsroom)
A Vernon orchard has a unique way of keeping the birds away from its bumper cherry crop. (Submitted Photo)
VERNON, B.C. — You usually see them on the side of the road, wiggly arms and tube body bouncing around trying to attract people to a sale.
But a B.C. farmer has found a great use for the air dancers (or air rangers), which have protected his crop from pesky birds.
Peter's U-Pick Orchard has rescued a bumper crop in large part thanks to the fun inflatables he used to protect his cherries.
“They are working great compared to previous years where we would have flocks of birds on the early cherries now we just barely see a Jay or two in there compared to flocks of 20-40 at a time,” said owner Peter Sidorczuk.
“I got the idea from our neighbour, the Krugers, they tried one last year in their grapes and she said it is working. So I did a bit of research online and bought three of them to try this year and am impressed.
“It is a great idea.”
See related: Cherry grower hopes to avoid helicopter use
The BX orchard, which opened for the season Saturday, also used a device called bird guard to protect the early cherries. Designed in Australia, the bird guard randomly emits bird distress calls.
Combined with the air dancers, there are plenty of cherries available at the farm this year. Plus the devices have helped keep pesky birds from the Peter's peaches and apricots.
Peter's U-Pick, on Rimer Road, is open seven days a week from 8 a.m. to 8 p.m.
@VernonNews
jennifer@vernonmorningstar.com
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Zendaya plays a trapeze artist in her latest film, The Greatest Showman, but in real-life she's one of Hollywood's most stylish quick-change artists.
The actress, 21, juggled a total of five different outfits on Tuesday as she went from one promotional event to another in New York City. And with each stop, Zendaya and her stylist Law Roach mixed in vibrant patterns and colors that coordinated with the P. T. Barnum biopic's energetic imagination.
First, she kicked off her fast-paced day in head-to-toe metallic gold, coincidentally timed around the early morning hours when the 2018 Golden Globe nominations were announced.
“Today's accidental reference…Golden Globes,” the style star captioned her photo of look no.1 featuring a Giuseppe di Morabito coat and color-coordinated Paul Andrew heels and Bienen-Davis handbag.
Looking for more style content? Click here to subscribe to the PeopleStyle Newsletter for amazing shopping discounts, can't-live-without beauty products and more.
INSTAR
RELATED GALLERY: Selena! Kate! Millie! See the Stars Who Pack the Most Outfits Possible into One Short Day
Her second look was the most circus-themed of the day as she wore an orange and gold polka dot patterned jacket and dress for her Today show appearance. The matching print set was a standout from Mary Katrantzou's Spring 2018 ready-to-wear collection while her silver stilettos were made by Casadei.
Up next was look no. 3 with another big top-themed ensemble, this time featuring some monkey artwork on her high-waisted orange and purple skirt from Stella Jean's Resort 2018 collection. Wearing the same silver Casadei shoes, Zendaya opted for stripes as she completed her outfit with Stella Jean's off-the-shoulder shirt for her next stop at Live with Kelly and Ryan.
For the evening, the Disney Channel star switched it up a bit, veering away from her film's motifs and opting for a more mature style. The star donned a sleeveless floral jumpsuit and leather jacket, all by Chloé. Inspired by the brown, purple and baby blue hues of her designer outfit, Zendaya chose a pair of Sergio Rossi boots to perfectly synchronize the whole ensemble.
Mireya Acierto/GC Images; Raymond Hall/GC Images (2); Mireya Acierto/GC Images; Gotham/GC Images
And last but not least, look no. 5 was all about her green coat! The Spider-Man: Homecoming alum bundled up in a double-breasted Marni long jacket that featured houndstooth fabric one the lapels.
For a lot of her looks on and off the red carpet, Zendaya told InStyle that she's been inspired by the '60s and '70s.
“I think I'm always just very inspired by the fashion of the decades,” she said. “When you go back in time and kind of explore those silhouettes and kind of find a modern way to do it, everything in fashion just repeats. It's just the same thing, just repeating. So when you latch on to something from the past, it's almost like it's new again, because we haven't seen it in a while. So I love exploring with different things from different decades. It's fun.”
And fashion isn't only a source of fun for the star — it's also a source of confidence. “I think for me, I really have been lucky to find, through fashion, a lot of confidence,” she shared. “For me, dressing up and trying new things is a form of exploring my confidence, exploring what I like, exploring what I enjoy.”
The Greatest Showman hits theaters on Dec. 20.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
UPDATE 3-U.S. judge orders more environmental analysis of Dakota pipeline
WASHINGTON, June 14 A federal judge ordered the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to reconsider its environmental review of the Dakota Access Pipeline on Wednesday, opening up the possibility that the line could be shut at a later date.
April 3 Mauna Kea Technologies SAS:
* Largest Cellvizio study to date demonstrates near perfect correlation with histology in key GI procedures
* Cellvizio histologic correlation above 90 pct for Barrett's esophagus, biliary strictures, and pancreatic cysts procedures
* Says results from this registry will provide an important data point in efforts to secure reimbursement for Cellvizio in France Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom:)
Spanish stocks - Factors to watch on Thursday
The following Spanish stocks may be affected by newspaper reports and other factors on Thursday. Reuters has not verified the newspaper reports, and cannot vouch for their accuracy:
US judge asks Army to revisit environmental analysis of Dakota pipeline
WASHINGTON, June 14 A federal judge on Wednesday said the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers did not fully weigh the impacts of the Dakota Access pipeline and ordered it to reconsider sections of its environmental analysis.
I was surprised to learn it wasn't until 1957 that the second Monday in October was officially and permanently proclaimed "a day of General Thanksgiving to Almighty God for the bountiful harvest with which Canada has been blessed."
Before that, the date for Thanksgiving in Canada shifted around, including a period when it was celebrated simultaneously with Remembrance Day.
That may be part of the reason why it's hard to find arts-related topics or material related to Canadian Thanksgiving.
Last night, at the regular Friday evening "Movie Show and Tell" the Commons Studio puts on at the Queen Street Commons Café, we showed "Planes, Trains and Automobiles."
The Commons Studio is a "community tools" project of The Working Centre. Film appreciation is part of the mandate, and part of my job there is choosing a movie to show each week. We have a licence to show any film in the Criterion Collection, a vast cornucopia of film art.
I chose "Planes, Trains and Automobiles" because it's a Thanksgiving movie. It's about a man trying to get home in time to celebrate the holiday with his family. But his destination is Chicago, so it's a U.S. Thanksgiving movie. The obstacle he faces is a snow storm, which is unlikely to happen on the second weekend of October, even up here in the true north strong and free.
The other Thanksgiving connection is rather obscure: The movie co-stars the great Canadian actor and comedian John Candy, and I remember very clearly when he was here in Waterloo and Kitchener to serve as Grand Marshal of the Oktoberfest parade in 1983.
Thanksgiving is a harvest festival, especially here in Canada. According to the Ontario harvest calendar, you can still pick crops like apples, beans, cabbage, cauliflower, pears, potatoes, pumpkins and squash in mid-October. At the end of November, when Thanksgiving happens south of the border, there will not be much left to harvest beyond carrots, kale and Christmas trees.
Arts-related products of all kinds are another kind of bounty. There are seasons, but they are less distinct.
Some artistic products are ephemeral: they come, and then they're gone forever. There are, however, other fruits of artistic endeavour that can last forever, like sound recordings, printed works of all kinds including books, periodicals, photographs and music scores, and film or video material, like that "vast cornucopia," the Criterion Collection.
Please note: Your password must be at least eight characters in length and contain at least one none alphabetic character.
Please prove you are not a robot.
By clicking "Sign up for MyToday" you agree to the our Terms of Use.
Sign up for MyToday
UPDATE 1-Qatar signs $12 bln deal to buy F-15 jets from U.S.
June 14 Qatar's Ministry of Defense said on Wednesday the country signed a deal to buy F-15 fighter jets from the United States for $12 billion.
Conservation officers had to euthanize approximately one bear in every 30 complaints.
British Columbia's Conservation Officer Service reports more than 20,000 conflicts between humans and wildlife around the province between January and October of this year.
Environment Ministry spokesman Mike Badry says about 14,000 of those complaints involve confrontations with black bears.
He says 469 bruins, or approximately one bear in every 30 complaints, had to be destroyed.
Spring and early summer produced the greatest number of complaints about bears, but Badry says the confrontations have tailed off, making 2017 an average year for complaints about wildlife.
RELATED: Bear complaints nearly double across B.C.
He warns that confrontations could increase because bears are now focused on finding as much food as possible before they hibernate.
Homeowners are urged to secure all food sources, such as garbage or compost and to ensure fruit trees are picked clean.
RELATED: Conservation investigating after having to euthanize bear
“These bears are trying to put on weight for denning throughout the winter, so they are highly motivated to find food,” Badry says.
“That is where we really put the emphasis on attractant management.”
The Canadian Press
TORONTO — Hamilton Tiger-Cats quarterback Jeremiah Masoli was named a CFL top performer of the month on Wednesday along with wide receiver D'Haquille (Duke) Williams and quarterback Mike Reilly of the Edmonton Eskimos.
Masoli leads the league with 1,045 passing yards and a completion percentage of 70.8. He threw four touchdown passes last month and orchestrated nine TD drives in all.
Reilly is second overall in passing yards with 1,020 and has a completion percentage of 69.8.
Williams made 14 catches and scored two touchdowns last month. He leads the league in receiving yards with 308 and in average yards per catch with 22.
YAKIMA, Wash. (AP) — Monitors say Washington state is starting the new year with much better snowpack levels than in previous years.
The Capital Press reports (http://bit.ly/2iGzrys ) that mountain snowpack was at 110 percent of normal as of Friday, compared to two years ago when several regions in the state were well below 100 percent.
Scott Pattee with the Natural Resources Conservation Service in Mount Vernon attributes this year's healthy snowpack to cooler temperatures and above normal precipitation.
Throughout the state, the Spokane Basin had the lowest snowpack levels at 86 percent of normal. The central Columbia Basin was 98 percent of normal and the upper and lower Yakima basins were both on par with statewide averages.
Pattee says the cooler temperatures and above normal precipitation is expected to continue for the next three months.
PRAGUE May 2 Czech Prime Minister Bohuslav Sobotka said on Tuesday he would resign along with the whole cabinet in response to a row with his Finance Minister Andrej Babis.
Sobotka said the resignation would allow a reformation of the cabinet with the same three-party centre-left coalition but without Babis - or lead to an early national election.
(Reporting by Prague newsroom; Editing by Andrew Heavens)
British pubs group JD Wetherspoon forecast a slightly improved annual trading outcome compared with previous expectations thanks to a robust sales performance this year, boosting its shares.
The owner and operator of more than 900 pubs in Britain and Ireland said its third-quarter like-for-like sales for the 13 weeks to April 23 increased by 4 percent, higher than the 3.8 percent advance seen last year.
Sales have held up despite signs from other British companies that rising inflation was making consumers cut back on spending.
Wetherspoon, however, reiterated its warning of "significantly higher" costs in the second half of the year and estimated it would need comparable sales growth of about 3 to 4 percent in the next year to maintain profit levels, as a result of the higher costs.
It expects higher costs in the latter half of the year related to business rates, utility taxes, excise duty and staff. Its financial year runs until the end of July.
The company's shares rose 2.4 percent by 0730 GMT and were the top gainer on the FTSE 250 midcap index.
"We believe the group's value positioning and significantly higher investment per pub are two of the main factors behind the group's outperformance," Investec analyst Karl Burns said.
Pub operator Mitchells & Butlers Plc recently reported a steady start to 2017, crediting 'particularly strong' trading over the festive period.
Wetherspoon has been battling higher costs related to its purchases made in currencies other than the pound following the decline in the value of sterling since last June's Brexit vote.
Measures in the government's March budget would add an increase in taxes and duties of at least 20 million pounds next year, Wetherspoon said at the time.
(Reporting by Rahul B and Abinaya Vijayaraghavan in Bengaluru; editing by Jason Neely/Keith Weir)
MINNEAPOLIS (Reuters) - As NFL players, fans and sponsors began heading to Minneapolis last weekend for the upcoming Super Bowl, 2,500 hardy skaters took to the frozen surface of Lake Nokomis in a celebration of pond hockey, a childhood joy for millions of amateur players.
Men and women of all ages, backgrounds and skill levels from across the United States and the world played at the 13th annual U.S. Pond Hockey Championships.
Four-player teams competing in seven divisions played 30-minute hockey games atop the frozen lake under frigid temperatures. The lake is a few miles away from the fixed-roof U.S. Bank Stadium in Minneapolis, where the temperature will be kept at 70 degrees F (21.1 C) for the Super Bowl even though forecasts call for 3 degrees (-16.1 C) outdoors.
Some, like former Olympian Natalie Darwitz, brought an impressive resume to the ice but still viewed the competition as a chance to revisit their childhoods.
“This is a lot of fun...the way you grew up playing on the ponds when you were little, just grabbing a puck and stick and shooting around,” said Darwitz, who won two silver and a bronze medal in the Olympics playing for the U.S. Women's team. “It's just hockey in its purest form.”
Slap shots, checking and goalies were not allowed. Goals were scored by shooting the puck into one of the two 12-inch holes in wooden goals that replaced hockey nets at each end of the rink.
Players skate on multiple rinks during the U.S. Pond Hockey Championships on Lake Nokomis in Minneapolis, Minnesota, U.S. January 26, 2018. Picture taken January 26, 2018. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque
“We had low expectations and we met them,” said Adam Bennett, a player from New Zealand. “The spirit of the event has been really good and people came with the right attitude. We are just here for the giggles.”
When not on the ice, players gathered in a huge warming tent, where they changed into their gear and stayed out of the elements. The soupy air inside carried the distinct scent of well-used hockey gear, but the mood was jovial as players enjoyed the company of like-minded hockey enthusiasts.
Slideshow (13 Images)
“First and foremost, it's really fun to be in a tent with a lot of your peers, hockey players, your friends, former teammates...it's the best part of the weekend,” said Steve Aronson, who was the first player ever signed by the National Hockey League's Minnesota Wild in 2000.
Another tent, where beer flowed, was strategically placed where players entered and left the ice. For those who could not wait, cases of beer often accompanied a team to their rink for an immediate reward at the final whistle.
After three full days of games, a winner was named. The NHL's coveted Stanley Cup was nowhere in sight, unless you counted a replica made of beer cans. Instead of trophies or prize money, the winning team had its name inscribed on a less well-known award: The Golden Shovel.
“I just like the atmosphere and being outside,” said Jennifer Wilking, from Minnesota, who played on a men's team. “It's nice to get out here once a year and do something a little different.”
LOBAMBA – Swaziland will overcome low job creation, alleviate poverty and have generally happier families in 2017.
The King prophesied that strife was over in the country before christening 2017, ‘a season of prosperity'. This was during his 40-minute electrifying sermon at the Somhlolo National Stadium.
The King had the crowd in the palm of his hand as he encouraged discipline, dedication and loyalty.
He made this prophesy by referring to the Bible where he noted that the digit seven represented success.
“The year 2017 is a year of blessings. Every unemployed person, starving families, those engulfed in problems – shall be freed from all troubles.”
He also referred to the Bible during the times of Noah, where there were floods for over 150 days. The Monarch said during these times, God revealed how the digit seven was essential through the promise he made with the rainbow.
The sevenfold colours of the rainbow are: red, orange, yellow, green, blue, indigo and violet.
“During the days of Noah, on the 17th day of the seventh month, the water levels descended. Following this, Noah sent a dove to check on the water levels and the dove brought back a tree branch. From then, he sent it every seven days,” the King preached.
He noted that according to the scripture, on the last incident, Noah sent the dove and it never returned and it dawned on him that the water levels had subsided. This, the King noted, meant that the number seven represented success.
Furthermore, the King quoted the story of Abednigo, Meshack and Shadrack during the times of King Nebuchadnezzar.
He asserted that King Nebuchadnezzar in the Bible was quoted to have passed laws that banned Christianity. The Monarch said these laws did not deter the trio from their faith. With this, the King, noted that it was essential for one to take a decision and follow it through as these men did.
The Monarch said the resolve of the trio to worship God was strong such that when they were thrown into an inferno, they rejoiced and praised the Lord.
“They did not burn but instead a fourth man was seen in their midst. Instead, those who were affected by the fire were those sent to start it.”
× Buckley man told detectives he killed parents because ‘I hate them that much'
BUCKLEY, Wash. – A Buckley man who allegedly killed both his parents last week told detectives he did it “because he hates them that much,” according to charging documents filed in Pierce County Superior Court on Monday.
Jared Standley was charged with two counts of aggravated first-degree murder in the March 14 deaths of his parents, Steven and Theresa Standley.
According to court documents:
Standley's parents kicked him out of the house about a week before he killed them. On the day they were killed, his brother, Sean, got a call from Steven saying he was worried because Jared had unexpectedly come back home. Steven told Sean to call 911 if he didn't call back in 15 minutes, and Sean didn't hear back so he made the call.
After Jared Standley was found, shot and arrested outside a Tumwater hotel, he confessed to detectives. He said he'd bludgeoned his mother with a bat, then wrapped her body up in a tarp and tried to clean up the crime scene while he waited for his dad to come home.
Jared said when his father arrived, he was hoping to kill him quietly inside, but Steven ran in and tried to slam the door to keep Jared Standley out. He said he shot his father through the head through the stained glass on window on the door.
“I don't feel like a gunshot to the head is really that upsetting,” he allegedly told detectives. “But, I was fairly apologetic about having to bludgeon Terry twice.”
Standley told detectives he tried to change his look after killing his parents, cutting his hair, and took his mother's credit cards and money.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Kelly Clarkson is joining the list of pepper eating celebrities to raise awareness to ALS.
Clarkson is clearly NOT a fan of the spicy Habanero pepper. [Video]
After it's all said and done the The Voice coach challenged her fellow judges Blake Shelton, Adam Lavine, and Alicia Keys.
MORE
April 28 Oritani Financial Corp
* Oritani Financial Corp. Reports earnings and dividend
* Oritani Financial Corp qtrly earnings per share $0.54
* Oritani Financial Corp - net interest income increased by $1.6 million to $26.8 million for three months ended March 31, 2017
* Oritani Financial-is considering balance sheet restructure which,among other effects,would offset portion of real estate JV gain realized in quarter ended March 31
* Oritani Financial- if enacted,balance sheet restructure to likely result in prepayment fees that would negatively impact results for quarter,year ending June 30, 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Indigo Partners to sell its 18.7 percent Wizz Air stake
DUBLIN, June 14 Indigo Partners, the private equity firm managed by Bill Franke, the veteran U.S. low-cost airline investor, is selling its 18.7 percent stake in eastern European low-cost carrier Wizz Air, it said on Wednesday.
Liam Gallagher insists his brother Noel Gallagher is the one "obsessed" with him.
The 'Bold' singer has hit back at his former Oasis bandmate after he accused him of using his Twitter jibes as a way of showing how much he cares about his 50-year-old sibling, and being "intoxicated" by social media when he was a guest on 'The Graham Norton Show'.
Replying to a fan on the micro-blogging site, who asked: "Did you enjoy the shout out Noel gave you on Graham Norton ? He seems a fan (sic)", Liam snapped back: "I think he's obsessed with me the creepy little tart. (sic)"
The 'Holy Mountain' hitmaker - who has barely spoken with Liam since the Britpop band split in 2009, following a backstage bust-up - had said: "He's obsessed, as lots of people are. There's not enough hours in the day for me to get through the s**t that I've got to get through. I don't know where he finds the time to sit on the f***ing ... on Twitter. But it's clearly intoxicating for him."
Noel added that he doesn't mind the 'Some Might Say' group's former frontman constantly talking about him though, as he gets paid whenever Liam performs an Oasis song that Noel wrote at one of his concerts.
He added: "I look at it philosophically. I'm here doing my thing, he's out there also doing my thing. You know, he's promoting my records, and as long as he keeps filling out the little form at the end of every gig, ticking off the songs that I wrote, it's all good."
Guitarist Noel also joked that he finds Liam's level of "obsession" to be "creepy".
He said previously: "I mean, you know, it's nice to be loved and all that, but don't obsess over me. That's kinda creepy."
Meanwhile, Noel previously claimed Liam should seek help for his "anger" problem, and suggested the star go to "therapy".
He said: "The other stuff with Liam is f***ing crazy, because that other fella seems very angry about something and no one is quite sure what it is. But if someone does please let me know. I think he needs therapy; I think he needs a psychiatrist."
Bonfire night celebrations will go with a bang across the South East of the district.
The annual Hemsworth Water Park bonfire and fireworks display, which attracts hundreds of people each year, will take place on Sunday, November 5.
The event, which has run for more than 26 years, also includes a radio roadshow and a Guy Fawkes competition.
The free fun gets underway at 6.30pm - the bonfire will be lit at 7pm and the fireworks grand finale will follow.
In South Kirkby, the town council has teamed up with the South Kirkby Colliery Miners Welfare Club to hold a celebration, also on Sunday, November 5.
The event, at the club on Stockingate, will include small children's rides, open from 5pm. A fireworks show will then take place from 7pm.
And a family disco will follow, from 8pm until 10pm.
Alcohol and refreshments will be on sale on the night. Entry to the event is free.
Other events that night include bonfire celebrations at The Earl of Pontefract in Thorpe Audlin and at The Cobblers in Pontefract.
Are you throwing a bonfire event? Get in touch to let us know by email at hemsworth@ywng.co.uk
Independent magazine for creative inspiration, free portfolios for creatives and worldwide collective of curated artists, designers and photographers.
All images on our website and magazines are copyrighted by their respective owners.
Soccer-Colombian championship final Liga Aguila I result
June 15 (Gracenote) - Results from the Colombian championship Final Liga Aguila I match on Wednesday Final Liga Aguila I Thursday, June 15, first leg Deportivo Cali - Atletico Nacional 2-0 (halftime: 1-0) Next Fixtures (GMT): Final Liga Aguila I Monday, June 19, second leg Atletico Nacional v Deportivo Cali (0000)
By Bjorn Biel M. Beltran
Special Features Writer
THE meteoric rise of the Philippines as an emerging economy meant the global spotlight could remain fixed on it for years to come. But the country's dynamic market is drawing considerable attention on another front: interior design.
Jerome Michel, president of laminate manufacturer Formica Group for its operations in Asia, described the Philippines as the market to watch over the next decade for its population's creativity and receptiveness to global design trends.
“I would describe the Philippine market as a ‘boiling market,' and more creative than all the markets in Asia,” he said, speaking to reporters in a recent product launch at the Shangri-La at the Fort, Manila in Bonifacio Global City.
“I think you have a younger population here that is truly global, exposed to world trends. People like to express themselves in their choices: the way they dress, the way they behave, the way they consume, and the way they build their homes and decorate their interiors,” Mr. Michel said.
Compared with other countries in Asia that are seen as more conservative and resistant to the impetus of global trends, the Philippines is more of an early adopter, curious and hungry for discovering new technologies and new trends, he explained.
“To me, it's one of the markets where we will need to really look at what's going on, probably in the next 10 years. Because what will happen in the Philippines will likely spread around,” he added, noting that the Filipinos' penchant for color and expression will likely influence the company's own designs in the future.
Much of the Formica Group's latest residential and commercial collections have taken its inspiration from Asian trends. The newly launched FORMICA FOR MORE and FORMICA FOR ME collections aim to combine “humanities and arts to interior design,” introducing the latest trends in eco-friendly interior décor while incorporating authentic elements suited for the Asian market.
“Over the past five years traveling the world, I see more and more interior designers in global companies coming from Asia — the Philippines, Thailand, Singapore. Step by step we feel that there is a strong trend of designers and artists creating new types of designs made in Asia,” Mr. Michel said.
“Formica products always lead the trends in global interior design, and the launch of FORMICA FOR MORE collection and FORMICA FOR ME collection is a brainchild and a commitment of Formica Asia to create stylish commercial and residential spaces for our clients, as well as satisfying the ever-changing market needs in Asia. In particular, the FORMICA FOR ME collection is a brand new residential design collection specialized for Asian markets. This is the first time for us to launch collections solely tailored to the residential market in Asia,” he added.
The company also claimed its adherence to sustainable and eco-friendly practices in the production of its new laminates, such as reducing carbon emissions, energy consumption, and even transforming recycled waste into new designs. Mr. Michel said the company has made considerable investments in its production capabilities to ensure the safety of workers who manufacture their products and the customers who will use them for their homes and offices.
“As a group of companies, we make sure that we are sustainable. We want to reduce our footprint in the environment,” he said.
Formica is the first company to introduce high-pressure laminates in the Philippines and is a global group of companies consisting of Formica Canada, Inc., Formica Corp., Formica Taiwan Corp., Formica (Thailand) Co., Ltd., and Formica (Asia) Ltd., among others.
After four days of labor and an unexpected C-section, Angel Taylor's newborn son, Sullivan, was more than happy to enter the world.
Taylor, a 33-year-old mother of three from Bremerton, Washington, expected to welcome the baby boy in mid-March. But after a routine check-up found that Taylor's blood pressure was dangerously high, doctors told her she needed to deliver her baby a week early.
“We went home and totally ran around like chickens with our heads cut off — we thought we had another week!” Taylor tells PEOPLE. “I didn't have the car seat in the car, I hadn't finished packing.”
Laura Shockley Photography
Taylor was admitted to the hospital on Monday, March 5 with no dilation, so doctors began giving her very small doses of pitocin, a hormone used to cause or strengthen labor contractions to induce childbirth. However, because Taylor had given birth via C-section in the past, doctors were concerned that she would suffer uterine rupture if labor was induced too aggressively.
“[The doctor] knew it was going to be a slow-going process and he didn't want to be too aggressive with the induction. He wanted us to be safe. He didn't want me to rupture and he didn't want the baby to be stressed out. He purposely wanted it to be a slow process.”
Taylor remained in the hospital for days and was only dilated four centimeters by the evening on Thursday, March 8.
Laura Shockley Photography
“It was definitely an emotional process,” Taylor tells PEOPLE. “It was so long and so hard.”
When delivery began Thursday night, Taylor learned she'd have to give birth via C-section.
“It was really hard for them to get him out. He was really stuck in there,” she says of baby Sullivan. “It turns out I had a lot of scar tissue in my lower uterus and it was very tight and it wasn't opening up so he was kind of stuck in that.”
Laura Shockley Photography
Finally, at 11:24 p.m., Sullivan arrived. The little boy gave a wide smile and stretched his limbs as doctors lifted him from his mother's womb.
“I thought it was just so funny because he would be like that in my belly, he was always stretching. We'd tell him, ‘You'd have so much more room to stretch if you just came out!” And when he came out, that's exactly what he did. It was a big relief. We were worried how he would do … He was in really good shape!”
After spending a few days in the hospital, Taylor got to take Sullivan home. Now, she says the baby fits right in with the Taylor crew.
“He is the chillest baby. He is really sweet and very calm. He hardly ever cries. He just loves to snuggle and is just very sweet,” she says. “My older kids love him and are just always wanting to hold him. He's just fitting right into our family — like he's always belonged.”
Taylor has shared her pregnancy journey in a vlog on YouTube titled Making Baby Taylor. The story of Sullivan's birth was first shared on Love What Matters.
Oregon former first lady Cylvia Hayes files for bankruptcy
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-3', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 3', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
Photo: Gosia Wozniacka, AP Image 1 of / 3 Caption Close Image 1 of 3 FILE- In this Oct. 9, 2014 file photo, Cylvia Hayes, fiancee of Oregon Gov. John Kitzhaber, speaks at a news conference in Portland, Ore. Hayes has sought protection from her creditors in bankruptcy court by filing for Chapter 13 bankruptcy protection Tuesday, July 3, 2018. less FILE- In this Oct. 9, 2014 file photo, Cylvia Hayes, fiancee of Oregon Gov. John Kitzhaber, speaks at a news conference in Portland, Ore. Hayes has sought protection from her creditors in bankruptcy court by ... more Photo: Gosia Wozniacka, AP Image 2 of 3 Files - In this Jan. 12, 2015, file photo, Oregon Gov. John Kitzhaber, left, is joined by his fiancee, Cylvia Hayes, as he is sworn in for an unprecedented fourth term in Salem, Ore. Hayes filed for Chapter 13 bankruptcy protection Tuesday, July 3, 2018, after a protracted battle over public records with The Oregonian/OregonLive. less FILE - In this Jan. 12, 2015, file photo, Oregon Gov. John Kitzhaber, left, is joined by his fiancee, Cylvia Hayes, as he is sworn in for an unprecedented fourth term in Salem, Ore. Hayes filed for Chapter 13 ... more Photo: Don Ryan, AP Image 3 of 3 Oregon former first lady Cylvia Hayes files for bankruptcy 1 / 3 Back to Gallery
PORTLAND, Ore. (AP) — Cylvia Hayes, the fiancee of former Gov. John Kitzhaber, has sought protection from her creditors in bankruptcy court.
The Oregonian/OregonLive reports Hayes filed for Chapter 13 bankruptcy protection Tuesday after a protracted battle over public records with The Oregonian/OregonLive.
Hayes was caught up in an influence-peddling scandal that forced Kitzhaber to resign in 2015.
A judge ruled that Hayes should pay about $125,000 for the newspaper's attorney's fees.
The initial filing says Hayes owes between $100,001 and $500,000 to 49 creditors.
She listed the value of her total assets at between $100,001 and $500,000.
A Chapter 13 bankruptcy allows a debtor to reorganize their financial situation by extinguishing some debt and establishing a repayment plan for the balance. Chapter 13 also allows the debtor to keep their real estate.
___
Information from: The Oregonian/OregonLive, http://www.oregonlive.com
Login Username:
Password:
Solar Terrestrial Data
SFI: 0 SN: 0
A-Index: 0 K-Index: 0
Updated: Could not connect to server
On one occasion, standing with Flett in the debris-filled basement of the remains of his family home, Klaus performed a chilling pantomime. Pointing his finger like a gun, he mimicked how his parents and sister were killed.
"That's the time where I had no doubt in my mind this was done out of a pile of anger," Flett said.
From mid-January 2014 to the arrest of Klaus and Frank the following August, every conversation and phone call Flett had with Klaus was secretly recorded by police.
The evidence he gathered built a case against Klaus and led to the RCMP deciding to try to ensnare him in a four-month undercover sting.
Police informant was a lonely role and Flett could not breathe a word until his testimony was completed at the trial, which ran for six weeks last October and November.
"It was a long four years because my wife is the only person who knew anything of my involvement. My kids didn't know. Nobody at work knew."
It was especially hard on his wife, Norma.
"There were times I'd be gone from 2 o'clock in the afternoon to three in the morning and there was zero communication I could have with her."
She feared for their own children and five grandchildren. She even looked at moving to another country to get far away from Klaus and Frank.
Flett said he was fully aware of the peril if Klaus had found out his role.
"If you can take out your own family, taking out my family wouldn't have been a big issue."
His wife's fears were heightened when lawyers for Klaus and Frank went before a judge last August to ask that their charges be stayed, because the case had taken too long to go to trial. She was terrified the two would walk free.
After 11 tense days, a judge dismissed the applications.
Testifying in court, Flett was asked why he got involved.
"For Monica," he said.
Flett still thinks about his executive assistant and close friend every day, he said.
A photo of her and her beloved dog, Patches, hangs in Vortex's lobby.
"Monica sat side by side with me for 10 years," Flett said.
"There's nothing I did that Monica didn't know of and there was nothing that I needed done that Monica didn't take care of."
The Canadian Press
The Canadian Press
"You can't overthink it," Zetterberg said. "I think Larks has been playing great at both ends of the ice. He's really good defensively, plays good on the PK, and creates a lot of offensive chances for him and his linemates.
"He's just got to keep playing the way he does. He will produce a lot of goals here soon."
The Panthers tied the score during a third-period power play at the 10:11 mark. Huberdeau went down after being cross-checked by Red Wings defenceman Niklas Kronwall, but as he lay on the ice, Huberdeau slipped a pass back across the front of the net to Trocheck, whose quick shot banked into the Detroit net off the outstretched glove of Howard.
"I really didn't have anything going on tonight - I felt like I was kind of floating around," Trocheck said. "But Hubs gave me such a great pass that I pretty much had to score.
"That was a great play."
Despite outshooting the Panthers 35-29, the Wings dropped to 1-6-3 in their last nine games.
"I'm still wondering how we lost that game," Wings defenceman Luke Witkowski said. "I don't know how many Grade A scoring chances we had.
"Reimer did a really good job tonight. I think he won the game."
NOTES: Panthers C Aleksandr Barkov, who leads the team with eight multi-point games, returned to the lineup after missing Saturday's 7-3 loss to the Colorado Avalanche with an upper-body injury. . Red Wings D/RW Luke Witkowski saw his first action since the conclusion of his 10-game NHL suspension for returning to the ice to rejoin a fight Nov. 9 against the Calgary Flames, and fought twice with Panthers C Micheal Haley, who leads the NHL with nine fighting majors.
UP NEXT
Panthers: In Chicago Tuesday to face the Blackhawks in the second game of their five-game road trip.
Red Wings: Play the fourth game of a five-game homestand Wednesday against the Boston Bruins.
___
More AP NHL: www.apnews.com/tags/NHLhockey
By Bob Duff, The Associated Press
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
It's a small town of less than 15,000 people with a crime problem. But people are showing up. Showing up to town hall style meetings and looking for solutions to crime that led to four homicides in the first five weeks of the year.
Cambage scores career-high 37; Wings beat Sky 108-85
ARLINGTON, Texas (AP) — Liz Cambage scored a career-high 37 points and Skylar Diggins-Smith had 18 of her 20 points in the decisive third quarter to help the Dallas Wings beat the Chicago Sky 108-85 on Tuesday night.
It was the Wings' second-highest scoring output in franchise history.
Cambage shot 16 of 20 from the field and grabbed 10 rebounds.
Dallas (8-8) led 51-49 at the break before Cambage and Diggins-Smith combined for 28 of the Wings' 32 third-quarter points. Cambage scored six and Diggins-Smith added five during an 11-2 run to open the second half that gave Dallas a 62-51 lead. Diggins-Smith made a layup, hit a 3-pointer and then assisted on a layup by Cambage that made it 83-66 late in the third and Chicago trailed by at least nine the rest of the way.
Diamond DeShields, the third pick in the 2018 WNBA Draft, led the Sky (6-11) with 20 points, Allie Quigley scored 18 and Alaina Coates added a career-high 10 points. Coates, selected No. 2 overall in 2017, missed all of last season while recovering from ankle surgery.
Chicago's Jamierra Faulkner left the game with an injury late in the fourth quarter.
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your whbq profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
× Pentagon to allow transgender people to enlist in military
WASHINGTON, D.C. — The Pentagon is allowing transgender people to enlist in the military beginning Jan. 1, despite President Donald Trump's opposition.
The new policy reflects growing legal pressure on the issue, and the difficult hurdles the federal government would have to cross to enforce Trump's demand to ban transgender individuals from the military. Two federal courts already have ruled against the ban. Potential transgender recruits will have to overcome a lengthy and strict set of physical, medical and mental conditions that make it possible, though difficult, for them to join the armed services.
Maj. David Eastburn, a Pentagon spokesman, says the enlistment of transgender recruits will start Jan. 1 and go on amid the legal battles. The Defense Department also is studying the issue.
Eastburn told The Associated Press on Monday that the new guidelines mean the Pentagon can disqualify potential recruits with gender dysphoria, a history of medical treatments associated with gender transition and those who underwent reconstruction. But such recruits are allowed in if a medical provider certifies they've been clinically stable in the preferred sex for 18 months and are free of significant distress or impairment in social, occupational or other important areas.
Transgender individuals receiving hormone therapy also must be stable on their medication for 18 months.
The requirements make it challenging for a transgender recruit to pass. But they mirror concerns President Barack Obama's administration laid out when the Pentagon initially lifted its ban on transgender service last year.
The Pentagon has similar restrictions for recruits with a variety of medical or mental conditions, such as bipolar disorder.
“Due to the complexity of this new medical standard, trained medical officers will perform a medical prescreen of transgender applicants for military service who otherwise meet all applicable applicant standards,” Eastburn said.
Last year, then-Defense Secretary Ash Carter ended the ban on transgender service members, allowing them to serve openly in the military. He said that within 12 months — or by July 2017 — transgender people also would be able to enlist.
Trump, however, tweeted in July that the federal government “will not accept or allow” transgender troops to serve “in any capacity” in the military. A month later, he issued a formal order telling the Pentagon to extend the ban. He gave the department six months to determine what to do about those currently serving.
Trump's decision was quickly challenged in court, and two U.S. district court judges have already ruled against the ban. Part of one ruling required the government to allow transgender individuals to enlist beginning Jan. 1.
The government had asked that the Jan. 1 requirement be put on hold while the appeal proceeds. The Pentagon move Monday signals the growing sense within the government that authorities are likely to lose the legal fight.
“The controversy will not be about whether you allow transgender enlistees, it's going to be on what terms,” said Brad Carson, who was deeply involved in the last administration's decisions. “That's really where the controversy will lie.”
Carson worried, however, that the Defense Department could opt to comply with a deadline on allowing transgender recruits, but “under such onerous terms that practically there will be none.” Carson, who worked for Carter as the acting undersecretary of defense for personnel, said requiring 18 months of stability in the preferred sex is a reasonable time.
“It doesn't have any basis in science,” he said, noting that experts have suggested six months is enough. “But as a compromise among competing interests and perhaps to err on the side of caution, 18 months was what people came around to. And that's a reasonable position and defensible.”
× Thai Prime Minister: cave will become “an important tourist spot”
The Thai cave at the center of an international mission to rescue a soccer team and its coach is likely to become a tourist destination, government officials say.
As rescuers worked around the clock to free the 12 boys and the man who coaches them, Thailand's Prime Minster Prayut Chan-o-cha said on Tuesday that the cave in the northern province of Chiang Rai was “likely to become famous nationally and worldwide.”
“It will eventually become an important tourist spot,” he said in a Facebook live video stream from his office. “Therefore we have to come up with [safety] measures to accommodate the tourism activities.”
The prime minister added that in the past authorities lacked a good map of the cave, but that following the mammoth rescue operation “we should have a better diagram to create safety.”
The Tham Luang Nang Non cave network made headlines around the world after the boys, aged between 11 and 16, and their 25-year-old coach disappeared on June 23.
The group became stranded in the flooded tunnels after a relentless downpour of rain, until two British divers discovered them perched on a small ledge of dry land nine days later.
Rescue teams are now racing to free the boys before more rain is forecast next week, and are working on solutions ranging from teaching them to dive to drilling an escape route.
Once the mission is complete, authorities plan to repair the damage inflicted on the cave, and upgrade the area to a national park.
The cave network is already well-known by locals. For the first kilometer (0.6 miles) or so inside the cavernous entrance, limestone rock formations hug high ceilings, creating an almost amphitheater-like atmosphere.
Jongklai Worapongsathorn, the deputy director-general of the Department of National Parks, Wildlife and Plant Conservation, told Thailand's Public Broadcasting Service (PBS) that the department had set its sights on developing the cave into a tourist destination.
The plan would include signs making it clear to tourists which parts of the cave they should stay clear of, he said.
Serena Williams‘ secret to weight loss after baby? Diet and exercise.
In a chat with PEOPLE for Celeb Parents Get Real, the 23-time Grand Slam winner admits her techniques in shedding the pounds after welcoming now-10-month-old daughter Alexis Olympia didn't involve anything over the top.
“My secret to losing the baby weight was just working out and eating healthy and having a real healthy lifestyle,” says Williams, 36.
“And it's hard — I still feel like I have some to lose,” she admits. “But hey, I'm taking it a day at a time.”
Want all the latest pregnancy and birth announcements, plus celebrity mom blogs? Click here to get those and more in the PEOPLE Babies newsletter.
RELATED: Serena Williams Reveals She's Back in Her Jean Shorts Just Two Weeks After Giving Birth
The tennis star's comments come two days after she spoke about losing baby weight at a Sunday news conference in London, admitting she had expected to shed some pounds with breastfeeding and hadn't been successful.
“I was vegan, I didn't eat sugar … and I wasn't at the weight I would've been had I not [breastfed],” Williams said. “What I've learned through the experience [is] every body is different, every person is different, every physical body is different. For my body, it didn't work, no matter how much I worked out, no matter how much I did.”
The physical effect of letting go of breastfeeding? The athlete lost a whopping 10 lbs. in one week. “It was crazy, and I just kept dropping,” she recalled. “That's what I learned that everything was different.”
RELATED VIDEO: Behind the Cover: Serena Williams
Parenting has been full of joy for Williams and husband Alexis Ohanian, who regularly rave about their adorable daughter on social media.
But the experience has had its rough patches too. As Williams tells PEOPLE, “It's tough in the beginning. The baby's crying all the time and you don't know why — you don't know if it's gas, you don't know if she's sick, you don't know if it's just colic.”
“So I just started crying with her because I couldn't help her and I wanted to help her and I couldn't, so I just started crying,” she says.
My grandmother used to make jam every year out of the summer bounty of berries.
It was a multiday project involving scorching-hot vats of berries, thickened by pectin and pounds of white sugar, which she balanced with the tang of lemon or lime juice. A simple slab of toasted country bread slathered with her homemade jam and some salted butter was my favourite way to start the day.
Now, in a world that favours high-protein egg whites for breakfast, or if there is a piece of toast to be had, it's covered in smashed avocado and tomato slices instead of rich red jam, I wondered if it was even worth the hassle to create a healthier version of my Grandma's recipe. Turns out, it was.
The resulting recipe is so easy, a hefty jar of jam can be whipped up in minutes, keeping my fridge stocked for weeks.
Following her explosive performance at the Super Bowl, Lady Gaga announced last week that she'll be going out on her 2017 Joanne World Tour – which will stop in St. Louis on November 16.
98.7 WNNS has a pair of tickets for you – stop by Casey's General Store at 721 West Stanford Avenue in Springfield this Friday, February 17 from 11:00AM – 1:30PM and register to win them!
This is a once in a lifetime opportunity and we'll only be taking registrations until 1:30PM. The 98.7 WNNS Prize Guys will pull the winner promptly at 1:31PM! Tickets for the show will officially go on sale Monday, February 20.
Sponsored By:
April 5 BNP Paribas SA:
* Announces that it has sold its $120 million share in $2.5 billion Dakota Access Pipeline loan
* Following sale of loan, BNP Paribas no longer has financial exposure to Dakota Access Pipeline
* Decision to divest loan made following review of project including consultation with all relevant stakeholders Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
OTTAWA — Global Affairs says Canada is adding more Venezuelans to its sanctions list.
Another 14 individuals have been added to the list of people who Canada says are among those responsible for the deterioration of democracy in that country under the regime of Nicola Maduro.
The sanctions essentially prohibit Canadians from doing business with people or entities on the list.
It's the latest in a series of Canadian moves against the Maduro government.
Earlier this month, Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland dismissed the latest elections in Venezuela as illegitimate and anti-democratic.
On Tuesday, a three-member panel of experts, including Canadian Irwin Cotler, told the Organization of American States that officials in Maduro's administration have committed crimes against humanity.
Canada has already limited diplomatic contacts with Venezuela and told its representatives to avoid international or multilateral meetings and events hosted by or in Venezuela.
Freeland said the latest sanctions underline Canada's commitment to democracy and its rejection of the "fraudulent" presidential elections.
"Canada is as determined as ever to support the people of Venezuela as they seek a more peaceful, democratic and prosperous future," she said in a statement.
Under Maduro, the Venezuelan economy has all but collapsed, inflation is running wild and hundreds of thousands of people have fled the country.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Thanks for a great 2017 Mummers Parade, Quaker City String Band! Please enjoy these photos and videos from this year's parade and our archive of your past performances. *(Quaker City won the 2017 Mummers Parade with this "Winter Is Coming" theme.)
A piece of political history is on the market once again.
President Richard Nixon's famed “Western White House” in San Clemente, California, has been relisted for $63.5 million with realtor Rob Giem of Compass. It was briefly offered in 2015 for $75 million, The Los Angeles Times reports, and carries its still hefty price tag due to both its history and some impressive property stats.
Nixon first purchased the property, also known as “La Casa Pacifica,” in 1969. It served as his and First Lady Pat Nixon's vacation home during his presidency, and his sole residence from 1974-1980, according to the Richard Nixon Foundation. He reportedly purchased the property from businessman Hamilton H. Cotton, who built the estate in the 1920s.
RELATED: Jackie and John F. Kennedy's Virginia Estate Has Sold for $2.85 Million
Compass; Inset: Getty
Compass
Compass
The former president often conducted business from the house, and hosted world leaders there as well. Although his now famous interview with Sir David Frost regarding the Watergate scandal was held in the same area, it was not conducted at his mansion for technical reasons.
Aside from its famous previous owner, the structure has plenty of spotlight-worthy features of its own. It comes with 450 linear feat of beach and is surrounded by coastal gardens. It's completely walled off for privacy — Nixon allegedly built the 1,500-foot wall — and is hidden behind three sets of gates.
Compass
RELATED: Prince's Private Island Estate Will Be Sold At Auction: See Inside
The Spanish Colonial-style architecture can be seen in the main residence and two-bedroom guest house, the former of which was featured in Architectural Digest multiple times. There is also a 3,000 square-foot poolside pavilion and staff accommodations, equalling a total of about 15,000 square-feet, all told.
Nestled on 5.45 acres, Giem says it's the only oceanfront parcel of its size south of Santa Barbara. And with a swimming pool, tennis court and putting green also built into the massive abode, we're starting to understand the steep sale figure.
WASHINGTON, April 6 The International Monetary Fund will talk with Egyptian authorities about how to use tighter monetary policy and tighter budgets to tackle high inflation, a spokesman for the international lender said on Thursday.
"We will be discussing with the government and the central bank how they can best use budgetary restraint and tighter monetary policy to contain demand and so bring down inflation," IMF spokesman Gerry Rice said in a news conference. (Reporting by Jason Lange; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
UPDATE 4-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE, June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced his retirement after failing to win the conglomerate's CEO job.
Winning numbers drawn in 'Pick 3 Evening' game
ALBUQUERQUE, N.M. (AP) _ The winning numbers in Tuesday evening's drawing of the New Mexico Lottery's "Pick 3 Evening" game were:
1-6-3
(one, six, three)
¶ Top Prize $500
Nick Schmaltz, Vinnie Hinostroza and Anthony Duclair scored for Chicago (24-20-8). The Blackhawks wrap up their four-game road trip with a 2-1-1 mark.
"Having the lead in the third and giving it up, we're definitely not satisfied with getting one point," said Hinostroza. "This one's going to be sour for a night, but we've got to put it behind us, and come back and give it our all."
Calgary tied it with 10 minutes left in regulation when Frolik fired a wrist shot past Glass after a pretty set-up by Mikael Backlund.
It was the first goal since Dec. 20 for the veteran Czech, who returned two games ago from a broken jaw that had sidelined him for 12 games.
"I felt we played well the past two games before this. A couple tough bounces in the Vegas game. A couple tough plays against Tampa, kind of fell apart there," said Gaudreau. "We stuck with it tonight. Big plays from a lot of guys."
Chicago broke a 2-2 tie at 14:13 of the second on Duclair's breakaway goal after he stole the puck from Brodie at the offensive blue line.
That came after consecutive goals earlier in the period from Stajan — on a breakaway — and Gaudreau to even the score.
"We can't be happy with the result and the way we played," said Blackhawks coach Joel Quenneville. "We had a good first part of the game, but then we gave up some tough possession in the middle of the ice in our zone, got them back in it."
Chicago's first two goals were both one-timers set up by Patrick Kane, who is up to 499 career assists.
Glass had 35 stops. He falls to 3-3-3.
At the other end, Mike Smith had 25 saves to improve to 21-15-6.
Notes: Stajan has three goals in his last eight games after starting the season with just one assist in the first 34 games... Calgary rookie Mark Jankowski, pointless in his last eight games, was a healthy scratch. Inserted for him was rookie Andrew Mangiapane.
By Darren Haynes, The Canadian Press
High-level advisers close to then-presidential nominee Donald Trump were in constant communication during the campaign with Russians known to US intelligence, multiple current and former intelligence, law enforcement and administration officials tell CNN.
April 12 Tecnoinvestimenti SpA:
* Said on Tuesday that it signed via Visura a commercial agreement with Dylog Italia, which controls Buffetti, for the distribution of credit and business information
* The agreement envisages the launch of portal visurebilanci.it
Source text: bit.ly/2o3w6uC
Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Brazil's Itau forms credit intelligence venture with four other banks
São Paulo, June 14 Itaú Unibanco Holding SA , Brazil's largest lender by market value, said on Wednesday it had formed a credit intelligence venture with Banco Bradesco SA, Banco Santander, Banco do Brasil and Caixa Economica Federal.
UPDATE 3-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE, June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced his retirement after failing to win the conglomerate's CEO job.
Chief Executive of Royal Cornwall Hospitals Trust to stand down
Kathy Byrne is to stand down as chief executive of the Royal Cornwall Hospitals NHS Trust.
She has been in the role for the past two and a half years.
The Trust have released the following statement:
''The Trust has faced a number of challenges over a very long time. Not long after I was appointed it was put into ‘special measures'. The staff have worked tirelessly since then on the huge job of making the necessary improvements. Over the past couple of years I have recruited a completely new leadership team and have significantly improved relationships with the wider health and care system so that all of our partner organisations are now working much more effectively together for the citizens of Cornwall.
''We have made a lot of improvements and have been able to turn around our response times, particularly for urgent and emergency care, and we are now turning our attention to planned elective care. I am confident that we have put in place the foundations for the Trust to move out of special measures and so I believe this is a good time for me to hand over to a new chief executive who can build on the work that has been done since I have been here.''
Before joining the NHS Kathy Byrne had a distinguished career as a health service Chief Executive in Australia. She was previously head of Health Support Queensland and Deputy Director General at the Queensland Department of Health.
When Kathy leaves the Trust she will be spending some time working on a major research project about communications and engagement in the NHS.
''I have really enjoyed my time in Cornwall,'' said Kathy Byrne,''It is a wonderful county with some truly fantastic people. It has been a great privilege to work here. I would like to take this opportunity to thank the hardworking staff of the Royal Cornwall Hospitals NHS Trust. Their devotion to duty and thoroughly caring approach is an inspiration. I would also like to thank members of the Trust board for their steadfast backing during my period in Cornwall and my colleagues in the wider health and care system for their encouragement and collaborative support.''
Dr Mairi McLean, Acting Chair of the Royal Cornwall Hospitals NHS Trust said, ''Kathy has gained much credibility and respect both within the local health system and in the Trust where she has tackled some longstanding areas that needed improvement. She acknowledges areas of good practice and helps staff and managers to celebrate improvement and excellence. She leaves with the board's thanks and very best wishes.''
There will be an announcement about Kathy Byrne's replacement in due course.
Another PVL semifinal pairing heads into a winner-take-all as the Cool Smashers down Pocari Sweat
Published 10:12 PM, July 04, 2018
MANILA, Philippines – Michele Gumabao and Alyssa Valdez took charge as the Creamline Cool Smashers downed Pocari Sweat-Air Force in 4 sets, 25-16, 26-24, 22-25, 25-17, to force a winner-take-all semifinal match in the Premier Volleyball League (PVL) Season 2 Reinforced Conference on Wednesday, July 4 at the Filoil Flying V Centre.
Gumabao topscored for the ladies in pink with 18 points off 14 attacks, 2 blocks and 2 aces, while team captain Valdez tallied 15 points built on 12 attacks and 3 aces.
"I think it was shown in today's game that everyone really wanted this win. We really wanted this win to go into the do-or-die game on Friday,” said Valdez.
The do-or-die duel between Creamline and Pocari is set on Friday, July 6. BanKo Perlas and PayMaya will also clash in a deciding Game 3 in the other semifinal pairing.
Valdez said the team discussed the things they need to work on after the top seeds absorbed a Game 1 upset loss.
“We really talked after the game nung Sunday... kung ano yung technicalities na pagkukulang namin and ano yung pagkukulang namin as a team. And we hope na naresolve yun at napakita naman namin in today's game,” said Valdez.
(We really talked after the game last Sunday... our shortcomings on the technicalities as a team. And we hope that we've resolved that and showed it in today's game.)
American Import Maddy Palmer, who scored all but one of her 17 points on attacks, paced Pocari while team captain Myla Pablo chalked up 15 points. – Carla Molina, Tonichi Regalado/Rappler.com
FILE – In this Dec. 4, 2016, file photo, Jacksonville Jaguars running back T.J. Yeldon, right, is stopped by Denver Broncos defensive end Jared Crick during the first half of an NFL football game in Jacksonville, Fla. Crick is the latest victim of the Broncos' injury outbreak. He was carted off the practice field Monday, Aug, 14, 2017, with what coach Vance Joseph said were thought to be back spasms. (AP Photo/Phelan M. Ebenhack, File
ENGLEWOOD | Defensive end Jared Crick is the latest victim of the Denver Broncos' injury outbreak. He was carted off the practice field Monday with apparent back spasms.
Crick is the 10th Denver defender — and the sixth member of the D-line — to get hurt this offseason.
“Hey man, people better pray more at night, man. That's the only thing that's going to help,” cornerback Aqib Talib said.
Crick, who played more snaps than any defensive lineman on the team last year, appeared to be favoring his right leg after getting hurt during run drills. Coach Vance Joseph said he didn't know the exact nature of Crick's injury.
“The first thought is it was a back spasm. But we're not sure, to be honest,” Joseph said.
Crick's injury came 48 hours after the Broncos lost their other starting defensive end, Derek Wolfe, to a sprained right ankle . Although Wolfe avoided the dreaded high-ankle sprain, he'll be out until the season opener.
“We're going to be smart with this thing, so we're not going to rush him back and put him out there at 80 percent. Not during preseason,” Joseph said. “So, we're going to make sure he's back 100 percent before he plays again.”
The Broncos have been hit hard along their rebuilt D-line this summer, losing end Billy Winn to a torn right ACL in their preseason opener last week and Wolfe over the weekend. Also sidelined until September are nose tackle Kyle Peko (foot) and outside linebackers Shane Ray (wrist) and Shaq Barrett (hip).
“It (stinks) anytime you get someone down,” Peko said in what's becoming a familiar refrain. “Wolfe seems like he'll be OK, but I'm not sure what went on with Crick today. But that's the name of the game. It's football. Things happen like that. You never know what's going to be your last play, but we have a good group of guys here to step up.”
The depleted Broncos have one more practice in Denver before flying to San Francisco, where they'll work out with the 49ers for two days in advance of their preseason game next weekend.
“It's not going to be like a half-speed practice,” Talib said. “It's almost like you get three preseason games in one week. So, it's definitely good work.”
That's why “the main thing is keeping everybody healthy,” said wide receiver Demaryius Thomas.
Although Denver's quarterbacks will continue splitting snaps during the two practices with the 49ers, Paxton Lynch will start the game after Trevor Siemian started last week against the Bears.
Thomas said his advice for Lynch this week will be not to overthink or dwell on mistakes but realize he has the tools.
Monday's practice brought another example of the clusters of mistakes that have hounded Lynch this summer as he's slipped behind Siemian in the NFL's biggest position battle of the summer.
After Talib left his man and sliced in front of tight end Jeff Heuerman for an interception, Lynch's next pass was batted down at the line of scrimmage and the two that followed were both broken up by DBs.
“Sometimes you see him with his head down, but I've been talking to him, always trying to keep him smiling,” Thomas said.
Lynch seemingly needs a breakout performance against the 49ers to convince the coaches that they should hold off on naming Siemian the starter.
Notes: Rookie WR/KR Carlos Henderson underwent surgery to repair a torn ligament in his left thumb on Sunday and is out indefinitely. His injury could open a roster spot for WR/KR Kalif Raymond, who had 99 yards on three touches against Chicago: a 24-yard catch, a 34-yard punt return and a 41-yard kickoff return. … S T.J. Ward (hamstring) won't make the trip.
The Certified Floorcovering Installers (CFI) is offering its completely redesigned flooring inspector courses, including a new certification class entitled “Substrate Subfloor Prep Inspection”.
Registration is $450, but the first 15 people will receive a $100 discount. Be the first to have what will be the most recognized inspection certification in the industry.
Prevent claims by identifying problem areas and offering solutions and take the first step into a career in floor coverings inspections.
The course will run February 28, 2017 to March 1, 2017 at the CFI training facility, just outside of Dallas, TX.
Later courses will cover proper report writing and in-depth carpet inspection.
For more information, visit cfiinstallers.com.
PRECIOUS-Gold turns down after Fed's plan seen less dovish than expected
* Dollar rebounds from 7-month low after Fed statement * Fed raises interest rates as expected * GRAPHIC-2017 asset returns: http://tmsnrt.rs/2jvdmXl (Recasts throughout after Fed statement, updates prices; adds comment, second byline, NEW YORK dateline) By Marcy Nicholson and Jan Harvey NEW YORK/LONDON, June 14 Gold turned negative on Wednesday after the Federal Reserve increased interest rates but was less dovish than expected following a two-day meeting, and
TABLE-Mexico sets July Maya price for international buyers
MEXICO CITY, June 14 Mexican state-owned oil company Pemex revised its July term pricing formulas for crude oil shipped to customers in the Americas, Europe and the Far East, the company said on Wednesday. The following table lists the adjustments to price constants for international buyers: DESTINATION JUNE CONSTANT JULY CONSTANT ---------------- ---------------- --------------- AMERICAS Maya crude
UPDATE 1-Avon CEO expected to step down - WSJ
June 14 Avon Products Inc Chief Executive Sheri McCoy is expected to step down, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday, citing people familiar with the matter.
Have a knack for trivia? Well, so does Brooke… Try to answer as many questions right as you can in 30 seconds. If you answer more correctly than Brooke, you win 100 bucks! Good luck!
By Camille A. Aguinaldo
THE PHILIPPINES' top diplomat on Tuesday apologized to Kuwait over the rescue efforts of the Philippine Embassy in the Persian Gulf state, which he said was viewed by the country as a possible violation of their laws.
“It is in this spirit that I apologize to my counterpart and we apologize to the Kuwaiti government, Kuwaiti people and the leaders of Kuwait if they were offended by some actions taken by the Philippine Embassy in Kuwait.” Foreign Affairs Secretary Alan Peter S. Cayetano told reporters on the sidelines of a business forum in Taguig City, adding that he will send a note to Philippine Ambassador to Kuwait Renato P. Villa to bring to his Kuwaiti counterpart.
Mr. Cayetano's apology came as Malacañang also on Tuesday said the draft agreement on the protection of Filipinos working in Kuwait may be signed after Ramadan this year.
“We still expect the MoA (memorandum of agreement) providing the minimum terms and conditions of employment for our OFWs to be signed soon. As in fact, they're already talking about possible dates and the possible date maybe after this year's Ramadan,” Presidential Spokesperson Harry L. Roque, Jr. said in his press briefing at the Palace.
Mr. Cayetano confirmed that the MoA with Kuwait would push through and added that the Philippines has requested the signing to be done in the country so that President Rodrigo R. Duterte could witness this ceremony.
Kuwait earlier summoned Mr. Villa to hand him two protest notes after a video went viral in social media showing the Philippine Embassy rescuing Filipino domestic helpers. In a statement issued late Monday, the Department of Foreign Affairs (DFA) said the President met with Kuwaiti Ambassador Saleh Ahmad Althwaikh in Davao City to discuss the issue.
Mr. Duterte, in that meeting, was joined by Mr. Cayetano and other DFA officials, Labor Secretary Silvestre H. Bello III, Environment Secretary Roy A. Cimatu, and Communications Secretary Martin M. Andanar.
According to Mr. Cayetano, the Kuwaiti Ambassador accepted the Philippines' explanation that embassy officials' rescue efforts in Kuwait were done “in the spirit of emergency action to protect Filipinos” who were in life-or-death situations.
“We're making it clear to them that as long as there is a Filipino in danger, we have to act one way or the other. We prefer it be done with you (referring to Kuwaiti authorities)….We're saying that we won't have to do the same thing because of the mutual assurance that there are mechanisms with those kinds of emergencies,” Mr. Cayetano also said.
Kuwait also “re-committed” to providing protection to OFWs while the Philippines assured it would follow and respect Kuwait's laws and sovereignty, he added.
Mr. Cayetano further said mechanisms were also identified to enhance coordination between the Philippine Embassy and Kuwaiti authorities in rescuing distressed OFWs.
He said that, among other steps, the 24/7 hotline for distressed OFWs will be strengthened, and embassy officials will work closer with the Kuwaiti police who have the authority to enter the communities concerned in case of abuse reports.
“We expect things to settle down,… the relationship to be strengthened and we expect to sign the agreements soon,” Mr. Cayetano said.
Tourist bus rolls near Te Anau with 19 people onboard - three choppers sent to attend to the injured
The bus has reportedly rolled on to its side and is at the bottom of Gorge Hill near The Key.
SEOUL South Korea's military believes missiles displayed on Saturday in a North Korean military parade on the anniversary of its state founder Kim Il Sung included new types of intercontinental ballistic missiles (ICBM), Yonhap news agency reported.
The North's leader, Kim Jong-un, attended the parade in the capital, Pyongyang, as a series of missiles, multiple launch rocket systems and rockets were on display, amid questions about U.S. plans for the country and concerns about a possible sixth nuclear test.
(This version of the story has been corrected to change attribution in headline and lead paragraph)
(Reporting by Jeong-eun Lee; Writing by Jack Kim; Editing by Nick Macfie)
VOL. 42 | NO. 21 | Friday, May 25, 2018
BEIJING (AP) — China's government accused the Trump administration of hurting its credibility by acting erratically on trade and vowed Wednesday to fight back if Washington goes ahead with a threatened tariff hike.
A foreign ministry spokeswoman complained the U.S. decision to renew a threat to raise duties on a $50 billion list of Chinese goods conflicts with an agreement in mid-May aimed at settling that dispute. Treasury Steven Mnuchin said then the conflict was "on hold" after Beijing promised to buy more U.S. goods to help narrow its multibillion-dollar trade surplus with the United States.
The spokeswoman, Hua Chunying, declined to say whether Tuesday's announcement might disrupt plans for Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross to visit Beijing on Saturday for more talks. The Commerce Ministry didn't immediately respond to questions about the status of the meeting.
Hua gave no indication whether Beijing planned to act on its own threat to retaliate by raising duties on a $50 billion list of American goods including beef and soybeans.
"Every flip-flop and U-turn of a country will be simply depleting and squandering its own credibility," Hua said at a regular briefing.
"We do not want a trade war, but we are not afraid of ones. We will fight back," she said. "We will definitely take forceful measures to defend our legitimate interests."
The White House announcement said Tuesday it also would impose curbs on Chinese investment and purchases of high-tech exports.
Asian financial markets tumbled on renewed worries about a U.S.-Chinese trade spat. China's main market index fell 2.5 percent and Japan's benchmark lost 1.5 percent.
The White House's latest tariff action focuses on advanced technologies, including those such as robots and electric cars that China has said it wants to develop under its "Made in China 2025" program. The White House said a list of products would be announced June 15.
Trump's surprise announcement reflects his frustration at criticism of his earlier deal with Beijing, Eurasia analysts said in a report. They said he appears less concerned that he needs Chinese support for his proposed meeting with North Korean leader Kim Jong-Un.
"Trump is going on offense, reverting to his earlier instincts on China and re-empowering the trade hawks in his cabinet," Eurasia Group said. "This dynamic makes it likely that both tariffs and investment restrictions will go into effect."
The American Chamber of Commerce in China said companies are uneasy about the threat of export and investment controls but see them as a possible way to make progress on longstanding complaints about market access and investment curbs.
As a result of Trump's tariff threat, Washington is in very intense negotiations with Beijing "in a way that we haven't been for so many years," said the chamber chairman, William Zarit. He said companies hope Beijing can be persuaded to "level the playing field" by easing curbs on foreign investment and business activity in its state-dominated economy.
"I wouldn't say we are in favor of, specifically, export controls, investment restrictions," Zarit said at a news conference. But he said American companies want equal treatment, "and this seems to be one of the ways to do that."
Trump has focused on pressing Beijing to narrow its multibillion-dollar trade surplus with the United States, but Zarit said American companies see other issues as higher priorities.
As Chinese companies expand abroad, the United States, Europe and other trading partners are pressing Beijing to ease curbs that keep their companies out of industries including banking, insurance, telecoms and health care.
"China's success means that it can no longer credibly defend protectionist policies on the grounds that it is still a 'developing country'," the American chamber said in a report Wednesday.
The tariff threat is a "very powerful" negotiating tactic, said Lester Ross, chairman of the American chamber's policy committee. However, he said tariffs are a tax on American consumers and a blunt tool to address "very complex problems that hamper trade and investment relationships."
Analysts in the United States suggested the newly confrontational stance also might be aimed at appeasing congressional critics of a deal the Trump administration made Friday that allowed Chinese telecom giant ZTE Corp. to stay in business.
ZTE agreed to remove its management team, hire American compliance officers and pay a fine. That would be on top of a $1 billion penalty ZTE paid for selling high-tech equipment to North Korea and Iran in violation of U.S. sanctions.
In return, the Commerce Department lifted a seven-year ban on ZTE's purchase of U.S. components that it imposed earlier in May. Trump said last month the ban threatened too many Chinese jobs and he wanted to get the company back in business.
Chinese leaders have promised piecemeal trade-related changes including allowing full foreign ownership in their auto industry by 2022.
However, American companies have "major concerns" about unfair conditions, and the recent moves haven't done enough to alleviate those concerns, said the American chamber's Ross.
European companies also complain they are blocked from acquiring most assets in China while Chinese companies are on a global buying spree.
___
American Chamber of Commerce in China: www.amchamchina.org
As for playing as a single? Woods smiled.
"I didn't want to have anyone watch me play the way I was playing," he said.
Rory McIlroy was standing at the side of the room as Woods spoke, listening to a player with 90 victories worldwide talking about the time he signed his name to an 85 on his scorecard. McIlroy recalled his highest round at 83 in the South African Open in 2007, his seventh tournament as a pro.
McIlroy climbed the steps to the stage as Woods was leaving and said to him, "Aside from your 85, you have won here five times."
Those are the memories Woods hopes to draw from when the Memorial begins Thursday on a Muirfield Village course in its usual mint condition. The tournament is two weeks before the U.S. Open at Shinnecock Hills, and it has the kind of field that makes it feel like a mini-major.
Only two players from the top 10 in the world are missing: Jon Rahm and U.S. Open champion Brooks Koepka.
Justin Rose is coming off a victory at Colonial, his ninth consecutive year with a victory somewhere in the world. Justin Thomas is making his debut at No. 1 in the world, an achievement that doesn't come with a trophy but one that meant enough to him that he stayed up later than usual when he got home after The Players Championship to see the world ranking page with his name at the top. He took a screen shot.
"Seeing every golfer in the world behind my name is a pretty fun thing," Thomas said.
Dustin Johnson, who doesn't appear to be concerned with much in life, conceded he was eager to get back the No. 1 ranking he held for 15 months. This is his first tournament since he lost the No. 1 spot to Thomas.
Nicklaus was around the first and 10th tee boxes during the pro-am to greet them all, a list that includes Jordan Spieth and Rickie Fowler.
Woods has made strides since his return from a fourth back surgery, including a runner-up finish at the Valspar Championship in March, and an exciting charge at Bay Hill that ended with a tee shot out of bounds on the 16th hole.
Nicklaus suggested on Tuesday that Woods has to learn anew how to win because it has been five years since his last victory.
McIlroy understood what he meant, having gone 18 months between victories until he won the Arnold Palmer Invitational. McIlroy started this year with good chances at Abu Dhabi and Dubai, and then he broke through at Bay Hill.
"As long as you put yourself in contention more and more and keep knocking on the door, sooner or later you're going to step through," McIlroy said. "And then with that, experience will do great things for you going forward."
Woods hasn't been within five shots of the lead going into Sunday since Bay Hill. He never got going at the Masters or at Quail Hollow, and while he had a season-best 65 in the third round at The Players Championship, he still was 11 shots out of the lead. The idea this week is to get in range.
"The last few times that I've had a chance, I've felt very comfortable," he said. "Hopefully I can just shoot the low round when I need it."
March 29 Shandong Buchang Pharmaceuticals Co Ltd :
* Says it plans to buy a property project in Heze, Shandong, with estimated value of 175.3 million yuan
* Says transaction amount will be no more than 180 million yuan
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/CNG0hs
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
by
With over 30,000 collective followers on our team's social media outlets, we're in a unique position to assist with both creating awareness of a prospect's skill set and recent on-floor performance. From crisp recruiting updates to updated in-season stats to a potential last-minute change in schedule that needs to be conveyed socially, this package allows the player to control the information available to the public about their game.
Become an #SMPMember for maximum Recruiting Exposure: Click the Logo Below
Class of 2019 point guard Jasmine Lilly of Henryville, Ind., showed her skill at the EBATop40 Camp in March 2017.
Jonathan Hemingway's takeaway – EBATop40 Camp (Mar. 2017): Lilly is a combo guard with nice size and skill for her position. She showed the ability to be a lead guard or play on the wing in this camp. She attacks the basket strongly and is very good at getting from point A to point B. She does not have a lot of shakes in ball handling, but that is not a bad thing. She can get her head and shoulders past the defense consistently and that is what is important when it comes to slashing to the basket. Lilly is a capable jump shooter, but from our viewing over this weekend she did look like she could improve her consistency from distance.
Name: Jasmine Lilly
Height: 5'6″
HS Grad Year: 2019
Position: PG
School / Hometown: Jeffersonville HS (Henryville, Ind.)
Club Team: Sky Digg South Phillips
Social Media Updates:
#EBATop40 Jasmine Lilly (@JasmineLilly_5) & McKenzie McDuffie have been pure from deep whenever they get their feet set. @JLHemingwayPSB pic.twitter.com/G8A0i2Lv60 — PSB Events (@PeachStateBBall) March 11, 2017
#EBATop40 Evals
'19 Jasmine Lilly (IN) caught our attention with size & skill. Particularly good at feeding post 🏀 https://t.co/LR2gh60lSD pic.twitter.com/C12QUM2TCp — Jonathan Hemingway (@JLHemingwayPSB) April 11, 2017
Brandon Clay is the owner of the JumpOffPlus.com International Report, Peach State Basketball, Inc., and ProspectsNation.com. The JumpOffPlus.com is picked up by more than 200 colleges and universities nationwide. In addition to serving as ProspectsNation.com WNBA Director of Scouting, Clay serves as the Executive Camp Director for the Elite Basketball Academy Camps. He is a McDonald's All-American Game Selection Committee member. Clay serves on the Naismith Trophy Men's / Women's College Player of the Year Academy and is the National Coordinator of Voting for the Boys / Girls All-American Teams. He has been involved in the community since 2001. You can reach Clay at BrandonClay@PeachStateBasketball.com
Galway Bay fm newsroom – A new programme to encourage more public and patient involvement in research will be launched in the city tomorrow. (Wed 25/4)
PPI Ignite will see researchers working with the public, in a partnership to plan and carry out better studies which are considered more relevant to the public.
As part of the initiative, patients will take an active role in influencing what research is undertaken.
For more on this story, tune in at 4pm to hear PPI Programme Manager Edel Murphy.
The family of Swedish DJ Avicii has released a statement after his sudden death last week.
In a message his family thanked fans and fellow musicians for their support saying that they're 'grateful for everyone who loved his music.'
Born Tim Bergling, the DJ was found dead at the age of 28 in Oman on Friday.
No cause of death has been released, but authorities say there was 'no criminal suspicion' involved.
The full statement reads: "We would like to thank you for the support and the loving words about our son and brother," the statement reads. "We are so grateful for everyone who loved Tim's music and have precious memories of his songs. Thank you for all the initiatives taken to honor Tim, with public gatherings, church bells ringing out his music, tributes at Coachella and moments of silence around the world."
April 3 Dryships Inc
* Enters into $226.4 million common stock purchase agreement with Kalani Investments limited and announces the acquisition of six vessels
* Says has entered into agreements to acquire six vessels for a total gross price of $268 million
* Under agreement Co may sell up to $226.4 million of its common stock to kalani over a period of 24 months
* In consideration for entering into agreement, company has agreed to issue up to $1.5 million of common stock to Kalani as a commitment fee
* Expects acquisitions will be financed by cash on hand, available liquidity under senior secured credit facility with Sifnos Shareholders Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
CRAIG COUNTY, Okla. -- After 18 years, authorities say they now know who is responsible for killing an Oklahoma couple and kidnapping two teen girls.
More than a dozen people with information about the grisly crimes kept silent for almost two decades, some out of fear for their own lives, according to a court affidavit obtained by KFOR.
Lauria Bible and her friend Ashley Freeman, both 16, disappeared on December 30, 1999 from Welch, Okla.
Lauria was at Ashley's home for a sleepover.
That night, the Freeman's mobile home went up in flames, and the charred remains of Ashley's parents, Danny and Kathy Freeman, were found inside.
Danny and Kathy both suffered gunshot wounds to the head, an autopsy showed.
But Lauria and Ashley were nowhere to be found.
The Craig County sheriff called Oklahoma State Bureau of Investigation special agents to help .
For years, agents and many other investigators followed numerous leads, interviewing a multitude of possible witnesses and suspects while searching wells and other possible burial sites.
In December 2017, officials said they discovered new leads that could be a turning point in the case.
In December 2017, Craig County Sheriff Heath Winfrey provided investigators with previously unknown notes and documents he discovered referencing the Freeman/Bible case. The previous sheriff's administration had apparently stashed the cache of information.
Those notes and documents have proven extremely valuable.
The probable because affidavit states the documents contained "some information pertaining to Warren Phillip "Phil" Welch II, David Pennington, and Ronnie Busick, as being involved in the murders and missing girls. The crate also contained names of individuals that may possess information."
An OSBI agent and District 12 District Attorney's Office investigator interviewed several people who the say had knowledge about the murders and the missing girls.
Through those interviews, investigators determined Welch, Pennington and Busick murdered Danny and Kathy Freeman, set their home on fire, and kidnapped Ashley and Lauria, and eventually killed them as well.
More than 12 people kept their mouths shut about the murders
Court documents reveal more than a dozen people said they knew or had even seen evidence of the crimes.
More than a dozen interviews are cited in the probable cause affidavit. Many of the interviewees had apparently dated and lived with the accused men.
All of the witnesses said either Phil Welch, David Pennington, or Ronnie Busick bragged about the murders, and threatened to kill anyone who went to police.
Welch and Pennington were allegedly known to cook methamphetamine together, and several of those interviewed reported the three killed the Freemans over money owed for drugs.
A woman identified as TW lived with Phil Welch in the months following the murders.
She said she heard conversations between the three men in which they implied that the suspects killed the couple over a drug debt, with Pennington and Busick setting fire to the home. TW told investigators that, based on the conversation, she believed they had abducted and later killed the two girls.
She also told police she discovered Welch had briefcase full of Polaroids of the girls bound and gagged with duct tape, lying on a bed she recognized to be his, and "in some of the Polaroids she observed Welch lying next to the girls."
TW said she confronted Welch about it and he told her, "don't you ever tell anybody or you will end up in a pit in Picher (OK) like those two girls."
A friend of TW, identified as CM in court documents, said TW showed her a Polaroid of the two girls on a bed, bound and gagged, facing each other, and said they looked "emaciated."
She said Welch threatened to kill her and her children several times, and throw them in the same pit as the two girls.
A woman who lived with Pennington, identified as LE, told investigators he talked about the missing girls all the time she was with him.
The affidavit states LE said he called it a "bad drug deal," and that he "told her that if she ever left him that he would kill her too."
RE, the son of LE, told investigators while he and his mother were living with Pennington, Welch and Pennington showed him the Polaroids of the girls and "told him that they killed the girls by strangling them."
Witnesses reportedly overheard Welch and Pennington talking about the girls and said "if they hadn't taken off running ... they would still be alive."
A man identified as RH said Busick admitted his involvement in the murders and the missing girls.
According to the affidavit, RH stated that "Busick told him about how the girls were tied up in a trailer house in Picher where they were raped and tortured."
He said Busick told him Welch was the shooter the night the Freemans were killed, but that Busick and Pennington stayed behind and started the fire.
RH said Welch threatened to kill him as well.
A man identified as JR was interviewed while he was incarcerated, and told investigators he walked into a trailer while Pennington, Welch, and Busick and one other unnamed man were looking at the Polaroids of the girls.
Others interviewees include friends of one or all of the suspects, friends of their lovers and even Pennington's brother.
No one investigators spoke to could say where the Polaroids are today.
Some witnesses reported they were told by the three men the girls were thrown in a pit, others said that they were dropped down a mine shaft in Picher, "later covered in concrete."
Witnesses told investigators that Welch had nailed the teens' missing poster to a wall of his mobile home.
Private Investigators Allegedly Told To Stop Investigating the Case
Throughout the interviews, the OSBI and DA investigators learned a private investigative team had also begun an investigation immediately following the incident.
Joe Dugan, a private investigator living in Miami, OK, and his partner Tom Pryor had interviewed several people and discovered one of Welch's ex-girlfriends' car insurance verification form near the Freeman's burned down house.
The vehicle the insurance card was registered to was thought to be the car the men were driving when they kidnapped the girls.
When the OSBI/DA team went looking for the Dugan and Pryor, they discovered Dugan had died in 2009.
Pryor told them Dugan's family tried to give the files on the Freeman case to the Craig County Sheriff's Office, but that the sheriff's office refused to take them at the time.
Eventually the family destroyed the records.
Pryor also said he was told by law enforcement to stop investigating the case.
The Arrest of Busick
On Sunday, authorities arrested Ronnie Dean Busick, 66, for the crimes.
He's charged with four counts of first-degree murder, two counts of kidnapping, and one count of arson.
Welch and Pennington both died during the investigation.
In 2017, investigators interviewed Ronnie Busick three times before he was arrested.
At first, the affidavit states that when Busick was asked about Welch, "his response was that the name 'sounds familiar,'" that he "remembers the name."
As the interviews continued, he admitted that the three of them "were pretty tight back in those days."
When asked about the murders, he went from saying he remembered hearing about them on the news, to conceding that Welch was probably responsible and that Pennington may have been as well.
The investigators criticized him for never directly denying he was involved when they accused him of being there the night the Freemans were killed.
After that, the affidavit shows he vacillated between denying his involvement and claiming he couldn't remember.
The final interview with Busick was conducted November 2, 2017.
It lasted several hours, during which time he was primarily interrogated by OSBI Agent Michael Dean.
The affidavit states Dean asked him what was keeping him from being truthful, if it was fear of what his (Busick's) sister would think.
The affidavit states "Busick responded by stating, 'Well yeah.' Later Agent Dean stated, 'You're scared of what your sister would think about you if you told truth. That's what it is, right?' Busick responded, 'yeah.'"
The affidavit states that "Agent Dean told Busick that he believes this has been 'eating' at him for the past 17 years and that he would be in relief once he told the truth. Busick would listen and nod, but never disclosed his involvement."
Where Are The Teens' Bodies?
Investigators say the case is not yet over.
They are still searching for Ashley and Lauria's remains.
Authorities believe there are people who may have information that could lead them to the girls.
Anyone with information is urged to call the OSBI at 1-800-522-8017 or email at tips@osbi.ok.gov. Officials said the private reward of $50,000 still stands for information related to the location of the girls.
If you've every wondered about the secret to Barack and Michelle Obama‘s happy marriage, the answer might have just been revealed.
In a new book by former White House communications director Dan Pfeiffer, Yes, We (Still) Can, the author shares a revealing conversation he had with his then-boss on his last day on the job in 2015.
As they chatted about future plans, Pfeiffer opened up about his girlfriend — and clearly gave off signals that things were getting serious.
“So are you guys moving together? This is the one, huh,” Pfeiffer recounted Obama as asking him, per an excerpt shared on Twitter and on the Huffington Post.
Obama then quickly offered some fatherly wisdom, in the form of three questions he believes everyone should ask themselves before choosing a potential mate.
Barack Obama's relationship advice to @danpfeiffer is better than 99% of the advice columns on the Internet. pic.twitter.com/AumDz0M8fY — Amanda Litman (@amandalitman) June 22, 2018
“Here's the advice I give everyone about marriage — is she someone you find interesting?” Pfeiffer says Obama asked him.
Pfeiffer admits the question puzzled him at first, but Obama then clarified: “You will spend more time with this person than anyone else for the rest of your life, and there is nothing more important than always wanting to hear what she has to say about things.”
Question number two is a little more self-explanatory: “Does she make you laugh?”
And finally, Pfeiffer writes that Obama told him “I don't know if you want kids, but if you do, do you think she will be a good mom?”
Fortunately for Pfeiffer, he was able to answer yes to all those questions, and the president later attended his wedding — one of four weddings the former president attended of couples who met through him and his work.
Chip Somodevilla/Getty
The Obamas have been open about their strong bond, which continues today after 25 years of marriage. In May, Michelle shared a throwback photo from their October 1992 wedding, and confirmed the pair are “still having fun.”
“Twenty five years later, we're still having fun, while also doing the hard work to build our partnership and support each other as individuals,” she wrote. “I can't imagine going on this wild ride with anybody else.”
And last October, the former president honored his wife with a sweet video message he unexpectedly delivered during Michelle's talk with Shonda Rhimes at the Pennsylvania Conference for Women in Philadelphia.
“I had to crash this party because today we have been married for 25 years,” Obama said in the video. “The idea that you would put up with me for a quarter of a century is a remarkable testament to what a saintly, wonderful, patient person you are.”
“It was a lot easier for me to do it,” he added with a smile, “because the fact of the matter is that not only have you been an extraordinary partner, not only have you been a great friend, somebody who could always make me laugh, somebody who would always make sure that I was following what I thought was right, but you have also been an example to our daughters and to the entire country.”
Dodgers 8, Pirates 3
Pittsburgh Los Angeles ab r h bi ab r h bi Meadows cf 4 0 0 0 Pderson lf 3 1 1 1 F.Vazqz p 0 0 0 0 A.Brnes ph-2b 1 0 0 0 Hrrison 2b 3 0 0 0 Muncy 2b 4 2 3 2 Nvrskas p 0 0 0 0 Puig ph-rf 1 0 0 0 S.Marte cf 1 0 0 0 J.Trner 3b 3 0 1 0 G.Plnco rf 4 0 0 0 Bllnger 1b 3 0 0 0 E.Diaz c 4 2 2 0 M.Kemp rf-lf 4 0 0 0 Freese 3b 3 1 3 3 Grandal c 3 2 2 1 J.Bell 1b 3 0 0 0 C.Tylor ss 4 2 3 2 Dckrson lf 3 0 0 0 K.Hrnan cf 3 1 1 2 Mercer ss 3 0 0 0 Kershaw p 2 0 0 0 Nova p 2 0 0 0 Utley ph 1 0 0 0 Moroff 2b 1 0 0 0 Y.Grcia p 0 0 0 0 Chrgois p 0 0 0 0 Frsythe ph 1 0 0 0 Goeddel p 0 0 0 0 Totals 31 3 5 3 Totals 33 8 11 8
Pittsburgh 010 100 100—3 Los Angeles 201 203 00x—8
DP_Pittsburgh 1, Los Angeles 1. LOB_Pittsburgh 1, Los Angeles 6. 2B_E.Diaz 2 (8), C.Taylor (19). 3B_Grandal (1), C.Taylor (8). HR_Freese (5), Pederson (13), Muncy 2 (20), Grandal (12), C.Taylor (10), K.Hernandez (15). CS_J.Turner (1).
IP H R ER BB SO Pittsburgh Nova L,4-6 5 9 7 7 2 3 Neverauskas 2 2 1 1 2 5 Vazquez 1 0 0 0 0 2 Los Angeles Kershaw W,2-4 6 4 2 2 0 2 Garcia 1 1 1 1 0 2 Chargois 1 0 0 0 0 2 Goeddel 1 0 0 0 0 3
Nova pitched to 2 batters in the 6th
HBP_by Nova (Pederson).
Umpires_Home, Manny Gonzalez; First, Jansen Visconti; Second, Jeff Nelson; Third, Laz Diaz.
T_2:57. A_48,819 (56,000).
HOPEWELL, Va. — Police are looking for the gunman who robbed the 7-Eleven store at 2014 West Broadway Avenue in Hopewell early Wednesday morning.
“An offender entered the business, brandished a firearm, and then left the business on foot with an undisclosed amount of U.S. currency and cigarettes. No persons were injured during the incident,” a Hopewell Police spokesperson said. “The offender is described as a black male with a medium complexion, approximately 6'0”, between 180-200 pounds. He was wearing a black hoodie, white T shirt, black ski mask, blue jeans and black shoes.”
The robbery was reported at about 3:52 a.m.
Anyone with information was asked to call lead Detective Roland Grimm of the Hopewell Police Department at 804-541-2284 or Hopewell/Prince George Crime Solvers at 804-541-2202.
Formula One - Bahrain F1 Grand Prix - Sakhir, Bahrain - 03/04/16 - Mercedes F1 driver Nico Rosberg of Germany drives during the Bahrain GP. REUTERS/Hamad I Mohammed
LONDON Human rights campaigners have urged Formula One management to cancel next week's Bahrain Grand Prix, accusing the country's rulers of using the race to "whitewash" abuses and improve their image abroad.
Bahrain's biggest sporting event is watched by a worldwide audience of millions and has been held since 2004, with the exception of 2011 when violent civil unrest forced its cancellation.
"Concerted and visible action is now required from Formula One, consistent with its commitment to human rights," the groups said in a letter to Formula One chairman Chase Carey and the two managing directors Sean Bratches and Ross Brawn.
"We call on you to suspend this year's race in view of the alarming situation in the country."
The letter, also addressed to the chief executive of F1 sponsor Heineken, was sent by the Gulf Centre for Human Rights, Bahrain Institute for Rights and Democracy, Article 19 and Americans for Democracy and Human Rights in Bahrain.
Activists recognised privately, after a media briefing, that they did not expect the call to be heeded.
Bahrain, a former British protectorate and the U.S. Navy's main outpost in the Gulf region, has stepped up a crackdown on the opposition, banning the al-Wefaq party and arresting several prominent activists.
The Sunni Muslim-ruled kingdom accuses Iran, a Shi'ite Muslim theocracy across the Gulf, of radicalising and arming some members of its Shi'ite majority population. Three Shi'ite men were executed in January after being convicted of killing three policemen.
Formula One published a commitment in 2015 to respect "internationally recognised human rights in its operations globally".
Formula One is now owned by U.S.-based Liberty Media, which took over the sport in January and ousted Bernie Ecclestone as commercial supremo.
Ecclestone, 86, told Reuters he would be in Bahrain for the race, the first he has attended since he ceased to run the show.
The campaigners' letter said Formula One would "become complicit" in human rights violations in Bahrain if the race was not cancelled.
Activist Zainab al-Khawaja, who lives in Denmark after being arrested and released several times in Bahrain, told reporters that the race raised the question, "Does the world care about what's happening in Bahrain?
"It (Formula One) is a message sent to the people of Bahrain that the world does not care," she said.
A Bahrain government spokesperson said the country had implemented "a range of institutional and legal reforms over recent years, in close collaboration with international governments and independent experts.
"As a result of these efforts, Bahrain now has a number of internationally recognised safeguards in place to ensure human rights abuses do not occur."
The spokesperson added, in a comment emailed to Reuters, that Bahrain was "entirely compliant and proactively participates" with Formula One's defined human rights policy.
"Like other Formula One host nations, Bahrain will work alongside the organisation to help support these commitments, and the Kingdom welcomes the opportunity to demonstrate its own highly significant strides as part of this process."
(Reporting by Alan Baldwin; editing by Neilo Robinson)
RABAT, April 5 After six months of post-election deadlock, Morocco's King Mohammed VI on Wednesday named a new cabinet led by the main Islamist party which lost a key ministry in negotiations with rivals, the state news agency MAP said.
The Islamist Justice and Development or PJD party won elections in October, but formation of a government was delayed during negotiations with parties who critics say were too close to royalists uneasy with sharing power with Islamists. (Reporting by Samia Errazzouki; editing by Patrick Markey)
April 28 Chongqing New Century Cruise Co Ltd
* Sees H1 FY 2017 net profit to increase by 23.2 percent to 31.2 percent, or to be 615.6 million yuan to 655.6 million yuan
* Says H1 FY 2016 net profit was 499.7 million yuan
* Says that increased game revenue as main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese:goo.gl/7o9xv6
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
UPDATE 2-Trump nominates Democrat Rosenworcel to serve again as FCC commissioner
WASHINGTON, June 14 The U.S. Senate will again consider Jessica Rosenworcel, a Democrat, to be a commissioner of the Federal Communications Commission after Republican President Donald Trump nominated her late on Tuesday.
HAWLEY, Pa. — A father of three is behind bars after troopers say he started shooting inside his home in Wayne County, Pennsylvania, sending family members scrambling for safety.
State police say Shawn Birtel, 47, pulled a gun and started firing in the early morning hours on Tuesday while his three children were inside.
Birtel's kids and their friends, who were home at the time, escaped through a second-floor window around 2 a.m., according to WNEP. An emergency ladder could still be seen later that day, dangling from an open window of the home along Route 6 in Hawley.
Troopers say Birtel was drinking with friends when he became combative, pulled out a pistol and began shooting, saying, “I'm going to kill them all.”
According to court papers, Birtel's children took a high-powered rifle from him so he couldn't use it. The children are 20, 15, and 11, authorities say. Along with two friends, they were able to get to safety thanks to the chain ladder.
No one was shot and Birtel surrendered when state police showed up. Troopers confiscated the rifle.
He's now facing possible prison time for assault, endangering the welfare of children, and other charges.
Birtel is locked up in the Wayne County Correctional Facility.
Students watch live Ding Junhui playing against Mark Selby on the television during the Betfred World Snooker Championship, at World Snooker College in Beijing, China, April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Thomas Suen
Students watch live Ding Junhui playing against Mark Selby on the television during the Betfred World Snooker Championship, at World Snooker College in Beijing, China, April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Thomas Suen
Snooker - Dafabet Masters - Alexandra Palace - 10/1/16Ding Junhui in action during the first roundMandatory Credit: Action Images / Peter CziborraLivepic
BEIJING At the World Snooker College in Beijing, students train eight hours a day and the green felt tables rarely fall silent.
But on Friday night, students and teachers put their cues down and crowded around a TV set to watch China's Ding Junhui battle England's Mark Selby to a 12-12 draw in the World Championship semi-finals.
The finals on Saturday night, China time, are a chance for retribution for Ding, who became the first Asian to reach the world final last year before losing 18-14 to Selby.
For the students, teachers and fans in China, it's a chance to watch their idol bring home glory and potentially provide a fillip to the game.
Sixteen-year-old Wu Ze, one of the school's 24 students, has been at the China Billiards & Snooker Association facility since 2013.
"He's not just a model for me, he's a model for all player in China. We all hope to be as successful as him," said Wu.
If the past is anything to go by, millions will watch Ding in his homeland, where billiards have gained popularity.
Ding told Eurosport before last year's match 100 million people in China would tune in.
In 2015, World Snooker's commercial director Miles Pearce was quoted by the BBC as saying 60 million people in China regularly play snooker, where the game was seen as an "aspirational" sport.
A win by world number four Ding could translate into even more Chinese interest in the game, said Wei Chunlong, a vice president of the school.
"It would be ideal if he won it this year, but I'm confident that sooner or later Ding Junhui will take the world championship. But we really hope he wins it this year," Wei said.
"Once he wins, it will have a sensational impact on all billiards, especially snooker. There could be even more people to enter the sport."
And if the sport gains players, that could easily translate into more Chinese contenders on the world stage.
Zhang Dongtao, a teacher at the World Snooker College, says that remains his aim. He pushes students, he says, so they can eventually rival the world's best.
"We want to contend with them, to prove that China's children aren't bad," said Zhang.
"I think in the future - I don't know in how many years - this sport will belong to China."
(Reporting by Thomas Suen; Writing by John Ruwitch; Editing by Amlan Chakraborty)
Branded filmmaker collective The Story Shop put together this tight parody film to skewer a trope we're pretty sure everyone is getting sick of but no one can resist: the famous "Kids these days are so lazy! Back in my day, we had it way harder!" fallacy.
March 30 Bosideng International Holdings Ltd -
* Subscriber (an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of company) and master fund entered into a framework agreement
* Subscriber has agreed to subscribe for participating shares corresponding to investment fund for an amount up to usd100 million
* Master Fund Is Cithara Global Multi-Strategy Spc, an exempted co incorporated in cayman islands and subscriber is Delight Kingdom Group Source text (bit.ly/2njAXaL) Further company coverage:
Grab a ticket and a beer!
Tonight the street team will be at SaltWater Brewery in Delray Beach selling discounted Rib Round Up tickets for just $30. (NO Extra Fees).
MORE
ISLAMABAD, April 6 The International Monetary Fund has urged Pakistan to strengthen its export and manufacturing industries and to fix its electricity supply or face putting hard-won economic gains at risk.
The IMF said recent reforms, including cutting costly subsidies, privatising some loss-making state companies and building up foreign reserves, had strengthened Pakistan's economy and set it on a path to higher growth.
Pakistan's economic position has improved sharply since it came close to default in 2013, but the IMF warned "a number of challenges in the fiscal, external, and energy sectors could affect hard-won stability gains in the period ahead".
Boosted by a $6.7 billion bailout package, it has completed an IMF reform programme and set in motion $57 billion worth of infrastructure projects connected to the Beijing-funded China-Pakistan Economic Corridor (CPEC) project.
But the IMF said in a statement after a meeting with Pakistan government officials in Dubai, that "slower-than-expected growth of large-scale manufacturing and stagnant exports are weighing on growth prospects".
Despite some recent improvements, chronic power shortages, still leave major Pakistani cities without electricity for hours every day.
The country has also struggled to cut its yawning trade deficit.
The IMF is currently forecasting 5 percent economic growth for the year to June 2017 but says this could improve to 6 percent in the medium term with CPEC-related investments, improved energy supplies and continued reforms.
The IMF said the government would have to take steps to make up for lower-than-expected revenues in the first half of the year and cut the budget deficit further next year.
Pakistan, the IMF noted, would also need to achieve greater exchange rate flexibility and improve the business climate.
It would also have to boost productivity in the export sector to fill a widening trade deficit and absorb capital outflows. (Reporting by James Mackenzie; Editing by Eric Meijer)
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
EVERETT, Wash. -- A man charged with killing his former neighbors and hiding their bodies in the woods in Snohomish County in 2016 has been found guilty of murder.
Reed was convicted in the shooting deaths of Patrick Shunn and Monique Patenaude in April 2016 over a property dispute. It was a crime that rocked the tight-knit community around Oso in Snohomish County.
John Reed was convicted of murder in the 1st and 2nd degree -- and unlawful possession of a firearm. Sentencing is scheduled for July 6. He could face life in prison.
#BREAKING: Jury convicts Reed of murder in the 1st and 2nd degree and unlawful possession of a firearm #Q13FOX pic.twitter.com/bvmD3hLvSg — Steve Kiggins (@Q13FOXKiggins) May 30, 2018
Reed and his defense attorney had fought aggravated murder charges, but they admitted Reed killed the couple.
On Friday, Reed told the jury himself he had to kill Monique and Patrick in order to save his own life.
“Your actions speak so loudly, I cannot hear your words,” said prosecutor Craig Matheson during Tuesday's closing arguments. “He murders people. Convict him of exactly what he did.”
Reed sat quietly as prosecutors wrapped up their case against him. The jury heard Reed testify on the stand Friday claiming his actions were in self-defense and that his attempt to cover up the incident spiraled out of control.
Prosecutors told the jury that tactic was merely a strategy to deflect his responsibility from the killings.
“Admit what you must, deny what you can,” said Matheson. “That's exactly what defendant did in his testimony on Friday.”
This all began after Reed took a federal buyout after his property was damaged during the Oso slide. In April 2016, prosecutors claim, Reed first executed Patenaude and then laid in wait before doing the same to her husband Shunn.
Then, according to prosecutors, Reed tried to destroy evidence, buried his victim's bodies and fled to Mexico with his brother, Tony.
“My job here is to poke holes,” said Reed's defense attorney, Phil Sayles. “I'm not going to throw fluff; I'm not going to throw you bombastic statements.”
Reed's attorney says not only did police botched their initial investigation, but prosecutors are ignoring his self-defense claim because they don't really know how the murders happened.
“John Reed, ladies and gentlemen, is guilty of many things in this case,” said Sayles. “Guilty of trying to cover up bodies, guilty of not calling 911 soon enough, guilty of disposing of vehicles, bodies, items, phones, guilty of cover-ups. He's guilty of all these things but he's not guilty of these charges.”
John's brother, Tony Reed, has already pleaded guilty to helping him escape, and admitted to helping John hide the couple's bodies in the mountains.
My grandmother has been attending SourcePoint's dining center at Georgetown Village Square apartments in Delaware since June 2017. She describes her time there as “so much fun” and “such a blessing.”
When discussing the lunches, she mentioned all the friends she has made and how much she enjoys the socializing that commences after everyone has finished eating. My grandfather passed away a few years ago and since that time, my grandma has lived alone. Having a friendly place to go each week has really improved her physical and mental wellness.
My grandmother looks forward to attending every day, and the benefits to her mental health are apparent; it's so good for her to get out into the community and have social interaction! Without those lunches, I'm not sure how often she would venture out. My family and I are so thankful to SourcePoint for providing this social outlet to my grandma!
Your view
Marti Smith Delaware
Marti Smith
Delaware
RICHMOND, Va. — Rhode Island coach Dan Hurley has come to VCU in the past with a young team and seen it get drummed.
He was happy to return the favour when he returned with the senior-laden and 22nd-ranked Rams on Friday night.
E.C. Matthews scored 18 points, Jared Terrell had 16 and URI beat VCU 81-68 for its 14th consecutive victory.
"I thought we were really, really sharp, particular our passing," Hurley said. "We're just a veteran team that took advantage of our experience. We out-seniored them, out-experienced them."
Cyril Langevine added 12 points and a career-high 18 rebounds for the visiting Rams (19-3, 11-0 Atlantic 10) in a matchup of teams with the same nickname. The winning streak is the program's longest since the 1939-40 Rams won 15 straight.
Rhode Island also stretched its road winning streak in conference games to 11, the longest such streak in program history.
"It's a lot of things," said Matthews, one of four seniors in the starting lineup. "Being resilient. The non-conference games we had earlier in the season is why we play the way we do now. Having older guys, we kind of set the tone."
Justin Tillman scored 22 points to lead VCU (14-9, 6-4), which dropped out of a three-way tie for second place in the conference. Sean Mobley added 15, all in the first half. The home Rams trailed just 41-38 at halftime, but couldn't overcome being beaten 47-31 on the boards and outscored 26-6 on second-chance points as URI gradually took control after halftime.
"We felt they were going to try to come out and bully us and control the game and come out hard from the start, so we tried to come out with energy," Tillman said. "I thought we did that in the first half. ... We kept letting them get second-chance rebounds and they were scoring off those."
Rhode Island scored 13 of the first 20 points after halftime to open a 54-45 lead, its biggest of the game at that point. Consecutive baskets by VCU closed the gap to 54-49, but Rhode Island scored 10 of the next 15 points and VCU never got closer than six again.
By Scott T. Sterling
U2 have revealed a heart-wrenching new short film to coincide with the band's latest single, “You're the Best Thing About Me.”
Related: U2 Send Love Letter to NYC in ‘You're the Best Thing About Me' Video
The documentary about love and separation features a newlywed military couple, high school sweethearts, a Syrian refugee family in Greece and a young couple from Mexico City. The film follows each couple for the final 24 hours they are together before one partner has to leave.
“It's a love song,” explained director Tatia Pilieva of the film. “What's interesting is not the bringing people together; it's the separation.”
Pilieva first came to prominence for her 2014 film First Kiss, where she invited 20 strangers to kiss for the first time on camera. After generating millions of views, it went on to win a Gold Lion at Cannes.
“The key for me is that when these people are saying goodbye, they are still very much in love,” she said of her U2 film. “I didn't want to film a bunch of breakups. I didn't want to put that into the world. I wanted to put out something positive. Yes, it's positively heartbreaking, but there's love all over it.”
ST. PETERSBURG, Russia — A merry band of about a thousand yellow-clad Sweden fans stayed after the game, singing in a stand behind the goal and ignoring repeated requests from the stadium announcer to make their way out.
Their team had just reached a World Cup quarterfinal for the first time in 24 years, and they were going to enjoy the moment.
The object of their affections was clear.
"It feels quite extraordinary and quite strange," Sweden coach Janne Andersson said. "The fact that they are staying on after the game, calling out and shouting my name, just makes you want to go out and thank them."
So he did, emerging back out from the dressing room with captain Andreas Granqvist to applaud the block of supporters who had been the most vocal throughout the 1-0, round-of-16 win over Switzerland on Tuesday.
In 39 years as a player and then a coach, Andersson hasn't worked outside Sweden, and many of his clubs were in the country's lower leagues, like Alets and Laholms.
Bespectacled, thick set and with short, cropped hair, the 55-year-old Andersson has no global profile, although that might be about to change with a quarterfinal against England on Saturday.
Through his insistence on working as a team (or as a "collective," as he often says), Andersson has changed the national team's philosophy. No more cult of the individual — Zlatan Ibrahimovic ruled the team for more than a decade before retiring from international play in 2016 — but instead an emphasis on the team.
"If I'm the symbol, I can live with that but this is very much about the team, not about me or any other individual," Andersson said. "Football is a team sport and this team really personifies that approach. We share. We work for each other on and off the pitch. I'm incredibly happy it's paying off. Football is a game played by a team. Never forget that."
Was that an indirect reference to Ibrahimovic, who often refers to himself as "God" or a "lion?"
FILE PHOTO: The logo of commodities trader Glencore is pictured in front of the company's headquarters in Baar, Switzerland, September 30, 2015. REUTERS/Arnd Wiegmann/File Photo
SYDNEY Global miner Glencore (GLEN.L) on Wednesday declared force majeure on coal shipments from the cyclone-hit Bowen Basin in Australia, after the storm damaged railway lines, disrupting delivery to ports.
Glencore runs five coal mines in the region and it is the fifth miner to declare force majeure - a clause typically invoked after natural disasters - leaving rivals in the United States to cash in on a surge in prices as Chinese steelmakers scramble for supplies.
A critical mountain pass on the railway connecting the world's single biggest source of coking coal to ports has been hit by landslides and buckled tracks after Cyclone Debbie pounded the northeast state of Queensland, crippling efforts to get exports of coal flowing again.
"Glencore has declared force majeure on its Queensland coal shipments impacted by flood damage to the State's coal rail network," the company said in a statement emailed to Reuters.
The line's operator, Aurizon Holdings (AZJ.AX), said it would take around five weeks to repair the worst-hit parts of the network and alternative routes were being considered.
Though with floodwaters from the deluge still travelling through river systems along many parts of the network, analysts are anticipating further delays and disruption to supply.
BHP Billiton (BLT.L) (BHP.AX), the world's biggest shipper of coking coal, declared force majeure earlier in the day.
Queensland accounts for more than 50 percent of global seaborne coking coal supplies, with prices rising on fears that stockpiles held by steelmakers will start to run down.
(Reporting by Tom Westbrook; Editing by Nick Macfie and David Evans)
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your whbq profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
Kix 95.3 Want's to send YOU to The Washington State Fair To Dance in the Dirt With Easton Corbin! Hear him play his hit singles “All Over The Road”, “Baby Be My Love Song” & his newest Hit single “ A Girl Like You” Win Tickets to the Dancing In the Dirt Party With Easton Corbin on Saturday Sept. 9th! This Friday (August 18th) With FREE TICKET FRIDAY
Listen to the Kix Afternoon show with Rick Moyer This Friday at 4:50 & 5:50!
When we tell you to text in be the 95th Text to 360-537-0953 on the Kix Text line! If your text is the 95th We'll call you live on the air! Answer and you win!
Go to KIX953.com for details! And don't forget to join Club 953!
Tickets on sale now at www.thefair.com
Don't miss the biggest party at the Fair! The Dancin' in the Dirt Party features a live concert from up and coming country music star Easton Corbin. These exclusive “Standing Dirt Only” tickets offer access to the concert and party up-close and in the dirt. Tasty food, wine, beer and cocktails will be available for purchase.
Palm Beach County Fire rescue workers rescued several children from a lake at Okeeheelee Park after the canoe carrying the children overturned.
#HappeningNow at Okeeheelee Park, reports of children falling out of an overturned canoe on the lake, @PBCFR on location, Okeeheelee Cmd — PBC Fire Rescue (@PBCFR) February 3, 2018
Okeeheelee Cmd *update* everyone out of the water and safely back on shore being evaluated by paramedics — PBC Fire Rescue (@PBCFR) February 3, 2018
The incident occurred sometime Saturday afternoon. Not much is known about the incident at this time including what caused the canoe to overturn or how many children were rescued.
This is a developing story and will be updated once more information becomes available.
The post Children Rescued From Overturned Canoe appeared first on 850 WFTL.
NYON, Switzerland — Two-time defending champion Real Madrid will face Paris Saint-Germain in the last 16 of the Champions League.
The match, which will pit Cristiano Ronaldo against Neymar, was possible because Madrid finished as a runner-up in its group.
Barcelona will play Chelsea, Manchester City will face Basel, Manchester United will take on Sevilla and Porto will play Liverpool.
Also, it was: Juventus vs. Tottenham; Bayern Munich vs. Besiktas; and Shakhtar Donetsk vs. Roma.
'Bestowing [the Quezon Service Cross] award enables her to live on as our country's north star, inspiring future generations to love the nation,' says Senator Grace Poe
Published 6:35 PM, December 11, 2017
MANILA, Philippines – The Senate on Monday, December 11, unanimously adopted a resolution concurring in the posthumous conferment of the Quezon Service Cross to the late senator Miriam Defensor-Santiago.
The award, which requires concurrence of Congress after nomination of the President, is the highest distinction given to civilians. (READ: Duterte nominates Miriam Santiago for Quezon Service Cross)
Senator Grace Poe sponsored the measure, with senators Juan Edgardo Angara, Juan Miguel Zubiri, and Richard Gordon as co-sponsors.
The counterpart measure in the House is still pending at the committee level. Once approved, Santiago would be only the 6th Filipino to receive the recognition.
"[This is] awarded to those who possess unselfish devotion to public good. Bestowing this award enables her to live on as our country's north star, inspiring future generations to love the nation," Poe said.
"With the Quezon Service Cross, we enshrine and memorialize Senator Miriam's legacy of service for generations of Filipinos to imbibe and emulate. It is our earnest belief that the Senate's concurrence with President Duterte's nomination is unanimous and unequivocal," Angara said.
Since the Quezon Service Cross was created in 1946, it has so far been awarded to 5 Filipinos:
Carlos P. Romulo, diplomat and the first Asian to serve as United Nations General Assembly president
Emilio Aguinaldo, first Philippine president
Ramon Magsaysay, Philippine president
Benigno "Ninoy" Aquino Jr, senator and democracy icon
Jesse Robredo, interior secretary
Magsaysay, Aquino, and Robredo were given the award after their deaths.
Santiago, who died at the age of 71 on September 29, 2016, served the Senate for 3 terms, for a total of 18 years: from 1995 to 2001 and from 2004 until 2016. (READ: Miriam Defensor-Santiago: 'God is not out there but in you')
She ran for president 3 times, most recently in the 2016 elections against Poe and Duterte, who both moved for her recognition.
She is recognized as a legal luminary who authored or sponsored many landmark bills including the Reproductive Health Act, Magna Carta for Women, Renewable Energy Law, Philippine Act on Crimes Against International Humanitarian Law, Sin Tax Law, and Climate Change Act. – Rappler.com
On Facebook live Mayor Mario King gave some insight into why he believed Keith Davis pulled back his decision to return as the city's police chief.
March 29 Soho Development SA:
* Said on Tuesday that is signed on own behalf and as a manager of portfolio of Progress Fundusz Inwestycyjny Zamkniety Aktywow Niepublicznych (Progress FIZ AN) with Recyling Park Investment sp. z o.o (seller) a letter of intent (LoI) concerning acquisition of Recyling Park sp. z o.o. (Recyling Park) and Recycling Park Kamionka sp. z o.o. (Recycling Park Kamionka) by a company from investment segment (buyer)
* Progress FIZ AN owns directly and indirectly 99 pct shares of Recyling Park and Recycling Park Kamionka
* LoI concerns sell of 100 pct shares in Recyling Park and Recycling Park Kamionka for 11.0 million zlotys ($2.80 million)
* Buyer to carry out due diligence tests on Recyling Park and Recycling Park Kamionka
* The purchase deal to be signed until July 31
Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage: ($1 = 3.9279 zlotys) (Gdynia Newsroom)
NICE TRY Forklift Operators Box In Thieves Trying To Make A Quick Getaway
Three men caught stealing tools from a parked van attempted to make a quick escape but were prevented by employees working at the warehouse.
April 6 (Reuters) -
* BlackRock CEO Fink on CNBC - we are not substituting machines for humans
* BlackRock CEO Fink on CNBC - right now machines do not outperform humans; co is aggressive in lowering fees
* BlackRock CEO Fink on CNBC - china has been trying to keep currency strong
* BlackRock CEO Fink on CNBC - markets will see setback if no tax reform
* BlackRock CEO Fink on CNBC - European stock a better value than U.S. now Further company coverage:
"I went into a dark abyss," Mitchell said, and for six months, he did little but grieve.
One day, Mitchell said, he came upon a Mark Twain quote, although he can't recall now exactly where he saw it. He'd always been a fan of famous quotes, memorizing them, drawing upon them, and this one struck him hard. "He said 'The two most important days in your life are the day you are born, and the day you discover why' and I knew after I read that quote that I was going to spend the rest of my life helping kids with cancer and their families."
He and his daughter had had some conversations about this before she died. It was clear that the boxing fundraising, and a subsequent news story about it, had set him on a new path, and together they saw the possibilities. She made him promise to help others in situations similar to theirs.
Mitchell thought of creating a foundation, though boxing didn't seem viable anymore, due to his age. He'd run some as part of his boxing training and found himself thinking that perhaps road racing could be his fundraising source. At the time, he was daunted by the idea of even running six miles, but dove into training for a marathon anyway and had to pull out of the competition during fundraising after he suffered five stress fractures in his leg.
"I asked everybody if they wanted their money back, and nobody [did], so I gave the majority of that money to Growing Hope, and I took what was left and I bought some business cards and some flyers and started filing for my articles of incorporation," Mitchell said. The Stillbrave Foundation became official.
A doctor told Mitchell to rest for eight weeks, and then to use crutches for another six. But Mitchell was up and running just five weeks later, and that fall ran the Marine Corps Marathon in four hours. He cut a striking figure on the course, with the skin art that had earned him the nickname "Tattoo Tom" when he once owned a tattoo shop.
At the marathon, he met a local trail runner who suggested that he get off the roads and onto trails, where she said the experience of running was more spiritual and healing. "She was of course, right," said Mitchell.
After a few successful 50k-distance trail races, he decided to run a 50-mile race that raised $20k. Excited by this success, he set his sights higher. He had raced the 50-miler with his friend Adam Kathouda, and soon had them both signed up for a 100-mile race, the Mohican 100 in Ohio.
At Monhican, Mitchell tried a different fundraising tack that would become his formula: He dedicated each of the miles of the race to a different child with cancer, and he carried their pictures with him. Families, individuals, businesses and organizations could sponsor an individual child and their mile. The race and the new formula proved the most successful fundraiser yet, and they raised $88,000.
Mitchell set his sights still higher, raising $236,000 in the Tahoe 200, a notoriously difficult 200-mile race around the alpine California lake. "There was an excitability around it," Mitchell said, "The universe conspired in our favour."
He decided to aim for another 200-miler, the Bigfoot, through the Cascade mountain range in Washington state, with stretches on the still-scorched face of Mt. St Helens in direct sunlight in the unrelenting 90+-degree heat of day. Attempting it first in 2016, he had to stop at mile 91, but he still managed to raise well over $100,000.
He tried the challenging course again in 2017, but this time, was injured badly at mile 31, and on the advice of a medic, pulled out. But the race was memorable for another reason: "After I didn't complete the race, the childhood cancer community rallied around me, and they all went out and ran ... to make up the [remaining] 170 miles." said Mitchell, "It was so powerful."
This gave Mitchell yet another fundraising idea, and for his third attempt at the race, which he will run in August of 2018, he has again dedicated each mile to a different child. This time, however, the foundation has created a competition where teams can each sponsor a child's mile, and then compete to raise the most funds and/or run the most miles for that child. So far, they have already raised $70k, sometimes in unconventional ways.
"We had a little girl do a lemonade stand last week. One little girl made 700 dollars!" said Mitchell.
And so years after his daughter's devastating illness and death, Mitchell now wakes up in the morning knowing his "why," as Mark Twain had put it.
"I never really had a life until all of this happened," said Mitchell, "I was lost and searching. My strength lies in my empathy ... and now, I'm so in love with life!"
March 30 Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc
* Chipotle Mexican Grill - entered into agreements with Steve Ells, CEO, Jack Hartung, CFO,Mark Crumpacker, to modify terms of performance share awards
* Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc - agreements to modify terms of performance share awards made to each of foregoing executive officers in February 2016
* Chipotle - modifications to 2016 performance share award terms include measurement period for establishing stock price achievement increased from 30-60 days
* Chipotle - Modifications to 2016 performance share award terms include reducing maximum payout to 300 pct of target awards; prior maximum was 400 pct of target Source text: (bit.ly/2oDQKlN) Further company coverage:
Reuters Sports Schedule at 0001 on Thursday, June 15
We will bring all the latest transfer news from around Europe as teams begin improving their squads for next season. (SOCCER-COUNTRY-TEAM/ expect throughout)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Ansel Elgort and his girlfriend Violetta Komyshan began their romance with a date at Starbucks.
The 23-year-old actor has been dating the dancer and Instagram star for six years - although they briefly split in 2014 before reconnecting that same year - and the brunette beauty has now revealed their romance began when pair happened to notice one another during their lunch break at New York's LaGuardia Institute.
Speaking to Cosmopolitan magazine, 21-year-old Violetta said: "I think he had his eye on me, because we were in the same lunch period or something. [One day freshman year] I was with my friend, and he was walking down the block. I didn't even know he went to my school - I just thought he was really attractive.
"I looked at him and told my friend, 'Oh my God, that guy's so hot,' and she's like, 'Oh that's Ansel, he goes to LaGuardia.' Then he walked up to us and said, 'What's good?' and I thought he liked her!
"He waited for me [after school] the next day and told our friend to introduce us and I was like, 'OK, he totally liked me yesterday.' Then I made her come with us to Starbucks. We exchanged numbers and became friends, and then we started dating when I was at the end of sophomore year."
Meanwhile, 'Baby Driver' actor Ansel has been no stranger to sharing his love for his girlfriend, as he often sings her praises.
When quizzed about a recent image Ansel shared of Violetta in her dancing attire on his Instagram account, he said: "Oh, yeah. That's a good photo of her, right?"
And Ansel is not shy about opening up about his intimate moments with Violetta, as he previously admitted he has "amazing sex" with his high school sweetheart, although he had "no clue" what he was doing when he lost his virginity aged 14.
Speaking previously, he said: "I had no clue what I was doing, and neither did the girl.
"I prefer to be with someone I can trust. I'm more into that.
March 31 Imperial Pacific International Holdings Ltd:
* Noted recent fluctuations in price and increases in trading volume of shares of company
* Board has also noted a Bloomberg article and certain media articles on 31 March 2017
* Save as disclosed, co confirms that it is not aware of any reasons for such fluctuations in shares
* Board shall take formal legal actions against bloomberg for its repeated unfounded report over past year based on third party sources
* Clarifies and declares neither group nor any of staff has received any investigation notice from any of U.S. FBI or government departments Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
FILE PHOTO: The Maersk's Triple-E giant container ship Maersk Majestic is seen at the Yangshan Deep Water Port, part of the Shanghai Free Trade Zone, in Shanghai, China, September 24, 2016. REUTERS/Aly Song/File Photo
Shipping containers belonging to Hamburg Sud and Maersk companies are seen stacked at La Guaira port, in La Guaira, Venezuela, January 27, 2016. REUTERS/Marco Bello
COPENHAGEN The world's biggest container shipping company Maersk Line will pay 3.7 billion euros ($4.02 billion) for its acquisition of smaller German rival Hamburg Sud, it said on Friday.
Combined, the two companies will be able to realize annual operational savings of about $350 million to $400 million, Maersk Line said in a statement fleshing out detail on the deal announced in December.
"By keeping Hamburg Sud as a separate and well-run company, we will limit the transaction and integration risks and costs while still extracting the operational synergies," said Soren Skou, CEO of both Maersk Line and its parent A.P. Moller-Maersk Group.
The boards of Maersk Line and the Oetker Group, owner of Hamburg Sud, on Friday approved the proposed deal, which has been given the green light by the European Commission and the U.S. Department of Justice.
"Maersk paid a significant amount for Hamburg Sud, but considering the wave of consolidation in the industry ... you do not get anything cheaply," Sydbank analyst Morten Imsgard said, adding that the final price was just within his highest estimate.
The proposed acquisition will still need approval from regulatory authorities in countries such as Brazil, China and South Korea, a Maersk spokesman told Reuters, adding that the company expects to secure hese by December or early 2018.
"Integration does not start until we have all approvals," he said.
The proposed merger will strengthen the Danish company's presence in global trade, particularly in Latin America, where Hamburg Sud has been long established.
"The job is now to realize those synergy effects, and integrating shipping companies is not without obstacles," Imsgaard said, referring to past acquisitions that have resulted in a loss of market share in some areas.
Maersk is also in the process of spinning off its energy division, either by seeking alliances or a listing, to focus more sharply on its transport division.
Maersk Line expects the Hamburg Sud transaction to close by the end of the year.
($1 = 0.9200 euros)
(Reporting by Nikolaj Skydsgaard; Editing by David Goodman)
Goldman-backed startup Circle launches no-fee foreign payments service
PARIS/NEW YORK, June 15 Blockchain-based payments startup Circle Internet Financial on Thursday launched an international online money transfer service that allows people in the United States and Europe to send money to each other instantly and at no cost as it seeks to tear down borders in the payments world.
Gulfport was one of five cities of the Gulf Coast Series for Mainly Marathons. One of the runners has gone the extra mile and holds a couple of records to prove it.
REALISTIC REACTION: They're 0-13. Nobody should imitate anything they do.
___
OVERREACTION: The NFL is turning into the WWE with all the taunting and fighting .
REALISTIC REACTION: It's not scripted, though.
___
OVERREACTION: James Stewart and Carolina (9-4) exposed Minnesota's defensive weaknesses.
REALISTIC REACTION: The Vikings (10-3) played their third straight road game. They had to be weary.
___
OVERREACTION: The Chiefs (7-6) are back. An impressive win over the Raiders (6-7) put them in control in the AFC West.
REALISTIC REACTION: They have to beat the Chargers (7-6) on Saturday night to stay on top.
___
OVERREACTION: Marcus Mariota should be benched. He is hurting Tennessee's playoff chances.
REALISTIC REACTION: Backup Matt Cassel is 5-13 in his last 18 starts since 2015.
___
OVERREACTION: The Seahawks (8-5) showed they can't win big games on the road.
REALISTIC REACTION: There's no shame in losing to these Jaguars (9-4).
___
OVERREACTION: The Rams (9-4) aren't ready for prime time just yet.
REALISTIC REACTION: They beat the Saints (9-4) two weeks ago.
___
OVERREACTION: Miami gave the rest of the league a blueprint on how to beat the Patriots (10-3).
REALISTIC REACTION: It was a classic letdown with a showdown for the AFC's No. 1 seed coming up at Pittsburgh (11-2).
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
___
Follow Rob Maaddi on Twitter: https://twitter.com/AP_RobMaaddi
By Rob Maaddi, The Associated Press
ATHENS, March 31 Piraeus Bank turned loss-making in the fourth quarter after booking higher provisions for impaired loans, Greece's largest lender by assets said on Friday.
Piraeus, which is 26.2 percent owned by the country's bank rescue fund HFSF, reported a net loss of 18 million euros ($19.2 million) after net profit of 31 million euros in the third quarter.
For 2016 as a whole, Piraeus reported a net loss of 4.0 million euros after a loss of 1.85 billion in 2015.
The group, with a current market value of 1.53 billion euros, said bad debt provisions rose to 310 million euros in October-to-December from 242 million in the third quarter.
Non-performing credit dropped to 37.7 percent of its loan book at the end of December from 38.8 percent in the previous quarter. (Reporting by George Georgiopoulos and Lefteris Papadimas)
0 Sorority girls booted out after ‘racist' Snapchat photo sparks outrage on campus
WASHINGTON, D.C. - Three students at George Washington University in Washington, D.C., are being kicked out of their sorority after an inappropriate and racially insensitive photo posted to Snapchat made the rounds on social media.
>> Read more trending news
“There was an entirely inappropriate posting on social media last night.” George Washington University provost on image causing uproar on campus @nbcwashington pic.twitter.com/I2uVeup7Jz — Jackie Bensen (@jackiebensen) February 1, 2018
>>Related: EXCLUSIVE: Former GSU soccer player who used racial slur: ‘You need to know ... what's in my heart'
The Jan. 31 photo depicted two white members of the Alpha Phi sorority holding up a peeled banana with the caption, “[Name of student]: I'm 1/16 black.” According to The GW Hatchet, it appears to have been taken in the sorority's on-campus townhouse.
According to the sorority, the picture was posted to the app by a third member.
Students, outraged by the photo posted on the eve of Black History Month, quickly turned to social media to call on university leaders to act.
“Whatever the circumstance, or true intention of those involved, the image was disturbing, hurtful and not reflective of who I know we are as a community,” university provost Forrest Maltzman wrote in a statement Thursday. “Images like the one posted on social media can make people question whether they are welcome at the University, and that is unacceptable to me.”
>> Related: What is a ‘Finsta?' Teens and their secret Instagram accounts
He added that there have been “too many instances of racist language and imagery on college campuses.”
“We must remember that words and symbols have tremendous consequences,” he said. “And, when they are made without regard to how those who receive them react, we can cause harm and hinder the university's ability to achieve the preeminence to which we all aspire.”
“We are culpable for this action as a group in which a little felt comfortable making a joke that was distinctly racist, ignorant, and harmful,” Alpha Phi wrote on Facebook Friday morning.
>> Related: Study: Racist messages land on campuses in surging numbers
"We recognize that there are issues within our organization relating to our privilege and lack of diversity, and we are committed to listening to the voices of those who have been harmed by the actions of those individuals and by our actions as a chapter.”
The three members in question will have their memberships terminated.
The incident at GWU comes weeks after a former University of Alabama student, also a former member of the Alpha Phi sorority, was expelled for using racial slurs in a video posted online.
Another student from Georgia State University withdrew after a video posted to her Finsta using a racial slur went viral.
On Thursday, the Anti-Defamation League issued a report that said racist fliers, banners and stickers were also found on college campuses 147 times in fall 2017, a more than threefold increase over the 41 cases reported one year before.
The league tracked 333 cases since President Donald Trump was elected in November 2016. A total of 212 schools have been targeted since fall 2016, ranging from top Ivy League universities to small community colleges, the report found.
>> Related: Hazing evoking Klan lasted years after integration at Ga. college
"What we're dealing with on college and university campuses is a reflection of the times. It's regrettable, it's unfortunate, but that's where we are in 2018," said Terry Hartle, a senior vice president at the American Council on Education, which represents chiefs of nearly 1,800 schools.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
© 2018 Cox Media Group.
Henley Park in Normandy, Surrey sits in seventeen acres of stunning parkland.
Grade II Listed Henley Park, currently on the market with Sotherby's International Realty at a guide price of £1.295m is a beautiful mansion house with origins dating back to Domesday.
From the Black Death to royalty, sexual scandal and a role in the Second World War effort, Henley Park has many tales to tell. Charles I enjoyed the property as a hunting lodge, with its imposing position on a ridge north of the village of Normandy, set within parkland, with views over woodland to the Hogs Back.
Normandy can trace its history back to the Conqueror, whilst Henley Park was part of the royal Forest of Windsor as early as the 12th century. After a succession of royal and noble owners it finally passed in to private hands around 1630. It was rebuilt in the Georgian style and was finally restored in 1998.
Within the property is a 3,500 sq ft Georgian wing offering an impressive double length reception room, five bedrooms and three bathrooms.
The mansion offers elegant and spacious accommodation over four floors with period features throughout. The wing offers some 3,500 sq ft of living space to include a double length reception room, five bedrooms and three bathrooms and a modern Shaker style kitchen.
Nearby, the quintessential English village of Pirbright has a wonderful selection of shops, public houses and boasts a village green with a pond. There are many schools, both state and independent within the local area including Pirbright Village Primary, Woodcote House, Hall Grove, Knowle Hill, Salesian College, Guildford High Frensham Heights, Royal Grammer, Cranleigh and Charter House.
There are also a number of golf clubs serving the area and ample opportunities for walking, cycling and riding. Excellent commuter links to London via train in under an hour and via the A3 and M25.
Henley Park is on the market with Sotherby's International Realty at a guide price of £1.295m – see more details and pictures.
April 20 Gold held firm on Thursday, after falling as much as 1 percent the previous day, as tensions surrounding North Korea and the upcoming French presidential election offered support to the safe-haven asset amid a firmer dollar. FUNDAMENTALS * Spot gold was up 0.1 percent at $1,280 per ounce as of 0107 GMT. The metal fell 0.8 percent on Wednesday, its worst one-day drop in over a month. * U.S. gold futures were down 0.2 percent at $1,281.30 * The dollar index, which tracks the U.S. currency against a basket of six major rivals, edged up 0.1 percent to 99.781 , moving away from a three-week low of 99.465 plumbed on Tuesday. * A run of disappointing U.S. economic data and doubts the Trump administration will progress with tax cuts have quelled expectations of faster inflation, while the Federal Reserve said in its Beige Book that the U.S. economy expanded at a modest-to-moderate pace between mid-February and the end of March. * U.S. Vice President Mike Pence said on Wednesday that Washington would work with its allies and China to put economic and diplomatic pressure on North Korea but added that the United States would defeat any attack with an "overwhelming response". * Prospects for the euro zone economy have improved but the time to withdraw support has not yet come, three European Central Bank rate setters said on Wednesday, days before a tense French presidential election and the ECB's own policy meeting. * Stocks, bond yields and the dollar are all falling, yield curves are flattening and sterling is marching higher. The "reflation" trades of 2016 that were supposed to mark a turning point in global markets are fading fast. * SPDR Gold Trust , the world's largest gold-backed exchange-traded fund, said its holdings rose 1.39 percent to 860.76 tonnes on Wednesday from 848.92 tonnes on Tuesday. * Shanghai-listed Shandong Tyan Home said on Wednesday its negotiations with Barrick Gold Corp to buy the Canadian operator's 50-percent stake in Kalgoorlie mine have ended without a deal, citing new capital and acquisition rules in China. * China Development Bank is considering providing financing for a Chinese consortium seeking to buy a stake in Russia's largest gold producer Polyus , two sources familiar with discussions about the potential deal told Reuters. DATA AHEAD (GMT) 0600 Germany Producer prices Mar 1230 U.S. Weekly jobless claims 1230 U.S. Philly Fed business index Apr 1330 IMF Managing Director Christine Lagarde briefing 1400 Euro zone Consumer confidence flash Mar 1400 U.S. Leading index Mar (Reporting by Nallur Sethuraman in Bengaluru; Editing by Kenneth Maxwell)
The Latest: Play starts on Day 3 at Wimbledon
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-3', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 3', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
Photo: Ben Curtis, AP Image 1 of / 3 Caption Close Image 1 of 3 Madison Keys of the US arrives for the women's singles match against Luksika Kumkhum of Thailand on the third day at the Wimbledon Tennis Championships in London, Wednesday July 4, 2018. Madison Keys of the US arrives for the women's singles match against Luksika Kumkhum of Thailand on the third day at the Wimbledon Tennis Championships in London, Wednesday July 4, 2018. Photo: Ben Curtis, AP Image 2 of 3 A person sleeps by their tent before joining the entrance queue in Wimbledon Park on day three at the Wimbledon Tennis Championships in London, Wednesday July 4, 2018. (Philip Toscano/PA via AP) A person sleeps by their tent before joining the entrance queue in Wimbledon Park on day three at the Wimbledon Tennis Championships in London, Wednesday July 4, 2018. (Philip Toscano/PA via AP) Photo: Philip Toscano, AP Image 3 of 3 The Latest: Play starts on Day 3 at Wimbledon 1 / 3 Back to Gallery
LONDON (AP) — The Latest from Wimbledon (all times local):
11:45 a.m.
Play is underway on Day 3 at Wimbledon, with former finalist Milos Raonic of Canada among the early starters as the second round begins at the England Club.
The 13th-seeded Raonic was playing John Millman of Australia as he bids to reach the third round for a sixth straight year. He lost the 2016 final to Andy Murray and reached the quarterfinals last year.
No. 10 Madison Keys of the United States was the highest-seeded woman in early action, playing Luksika Kumkhum of Thailand.
Roger Federer and Serena Williams were both set to play on Centre Court later.
___
10:45 a.m.
Roger Federer and Serena Williams are both back on Centre Court at Wimbledon on Wednesday as they look to advance to the third round.
Federer will play Lukas Lacko of Slovakia as he continues his quest for a record-extending ninth title at the England Club. Williams then faces Bulgarian qualifier Viktoriya Tomova as she goes for a 16th straight match win at the tournament — having missed last year while pregnant.
Australian Open champion Caroline Wozniacki and last year's men's runner-up, Marin Cilic, are also back in action as they try to avoid more upsets at the tournament. Three of the top-10 seeded men lost in the first round, while former champions Maria Sharapova and Petra Kvitova also went out on Tuesday.
The forecast calls for more sunny skies, although there is a 30 percent chance of rain showers in the afternoon.
___
More AP tennis coverage: https://www.apnews.com/tag/apf-Tennis
Thursday A 20 percent chance of showers and thunderstorms before noon. Sunny, with a high near 91. West northwest wind 5 to 7 mph becoming east southeast in the morning.
Thursday Night Mostly clear, with a low around 69. Southeast wind around 8 mph.
Friday Sunny, with a high near 96. Breezy, with a southeast wind 8 to 13 mph increasing to 15 to 20 mph in the afternoon. Winds could gust as high as 28 mph.
Friday Night Mostly clear, with a low around 72. South southeast wind 13 to 16 mph becoming southwest after midnight. Winds could gust as high as 24 mph.
Saturday Sunny, with a high near 88. Breezy.
Saturday Night Mostly clear, with a low around 60.
Sunday Mostly sunny, with a high near 84.
Sunday Night Mostly cloudy, with a low around 60.
Monday Mostly sunny, with a high near 89.
Monday Night Partly cloudy, with a low around 67.
Tuesday Sunny, with a high near 94.
Tuesday Night Mostly clear, with a low around 70.
Wednesday Sunny, with a high near 94.
Divide over listing location slows Aramco IPO - WSJ
June 14 Saudi Aramco's planned 2018 public share offering is being slowed down by a divide between Saudi Arabia's ruling family and executives of the kingdom's state oil company over where to list its shares, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday.
BERLIN — Bayern Munich continued its march to a record-extending sixth consecutive Bundesliga title by beating Mainz 2-0 on Saturday.
Second-placed Bayer Leverkusen was held at Freiburg to 0-0, and Schalke lost at home to relegation-threatened Werder Bremen 2-1, as Bayern increased its already commanding lead to 18 points with 13 games remaining.
"With the large gap and other teams' lack of consistency it really would be a small miracle if we were to let it get exciting again," Bayern defender Mats Hummels said.
Franck Ribery scored with Bayern's first effort on goal after a half-hour when Mats Hummels and Sandro Wagner made way to allow his volley from a half-cleared corner fly inside the post.
The French winger was mobbed by teammates in celebration. Ribery's contract with Bayern is up at the end of the season.
James Rodriguez made it 2-0 before the break, taking Corentin Tolisso's cross on his chest and sending the ball inside the right post with another volley.
Another victory ensured Bayern coach Jupp Heynckes improved his record to 18 wins in 19 games across all competitions since returning for a fourth stint in charge in October.
"The win is deserved. But Mainz fought well and put us under pressure at times after the break, and we were too careless in attack," said Heynckes, who again before the game ruled out extending his contract beyond the end of the season.
SCHALKE STUNNED
Zlatko Junuzovic scored in the third minute of injury time to stun Schalke and boost Bremen's chances of avoiding the drop.
Watch the midday newscast with Mara Cepeda
Published 11:43 AM, March 20, 2018
Today on Rappler:
President Rodrigo Duterte is against divorce. Sandiganbayan Presiding Justice Amparo Cabotaje-Tang says the Witness Protection Program law does not allow the Justice Department to take Janet Lim Napoles into its custody. Facebook shares plunge as the social media giant face an onslaught of criticism at home and abroad over revelations that a firm working for United States President Donald Trump's presidential campaign harvested and misused data on 50 million members.
* Woodside's Coleman sees no threat from LNG alliance
* Buyers' club, flexible contracts could create more liquidity
* Buyers 2 yrs from more long-term contracts on megaprojects
By Farah Master
HONG KONG, March 29 Australian energy major Woodside Petroleum on Wednesday hinted it may in future be willing to allow buyers of liquefied natural gas (LNG) more flexibility as part of long-term contracts, saying that in time this could help create a more liquid market.
Last week, the biggest buyers in the world's top three LNG consuming countries - Japan, South Korea and China - clubbed together to secure greater supply flexibility.
The move potentially shifts power to importers amid a growing surplus, adding pressure on producers like Woodside and peers Royal Dutch Shell, Chevron and Exxon Mobil to grant more flexible contracts.
Speaking as one of the first executives of a major LNG producer to address the buyers' alliance, Woodside's Chief Executive Peter Coleman said on Wednesday he did not see a threat from the new grouping.
"We are OK with it, we don't see a threat from it at all," he told Reuters in Hong Kong.
The main goal of the buyers' alliance - made up Japan's JERA, Korea Gas Corp (KOGAS) and China National Offshore Oil Corp (CNOOC) - is to rid themselves of long-term contracts that oblige them to take in a fixed amount of cargoes every month and which do not allow them to sell excess cargoes to third parties.
Coleman did not specifically say Woodside was willing to grant buyers more flexibility in future, but said that to "cooperate and move things around" was a sensible thing to do for the big LNG buyers.
"It actually helps create more liquidity in the marketplace, because you have a large volume of LNG moving through the three different market players," he said.
MORE TRADING, LESS MEGA-PROJECTS
The LNG industry is undergoing huge change as the biggest ever flood of new supply is hitting the market, with volumes coming mainly from Australia and the United States.
The oversupply resulted in a more than 70 percent fall in Asian spot LNG prices LNG-AS from their 2014 peaks to around $5.50 per million British thermal unites (mmBtu).
However, Woodside has come through the market rout in better shape than many rivals, with $2.7 billion in cash and undrawn debt, and sees itself well positioned.
Woodside operates large LNG export facilities like Pluto and the North West Shelf, and is a partner in the $34 billion Wheatstone project, scheduled to start up later this year. It also has plans for another project, Browse, but for which it has not yet made a final investment decision (FID).
Still, while oversupply will likely trigger more trading in LNG as producers sell uncontracted cargoes, Coleman said it made it difficult to develop large new production projects.
"The challenge today is there is not a market you can go to and develop a mega project ... The mega projects - 15-20 million tonnes (annual capacity) - still require buyers in long-term contracts to finance," he said.
Thanks to high spot prices of up to $20 per mmBtu over past years, producers and buyers were keen to sign long-term contracts that guaranteed supplies at stable prices.
Now, with oil and gas prices much lower and abundant supplies, LNG importers are keener on freely trading LNG instead of entering fixed term deals.
"Buyers are still two years away from being able to take out (new) long-term contracts for big projects," Coleman said.
(Reporting by Farah Master; Writing by Henning Gloystein; Editing by Tom Hogue)
