The greatest thing you'll ever learn
Is just to love and be loved in return.
Largely because of those 15 words, an itinerant piano player named eden ahbez (he spelled it all lower case) ended up with his name on a hit record, simply for addressing the basic human desire of needing to give and receive love in his song “Nature Boy.” With this two-verse composition, which has the above hook repeated at the end of the song, he showed that a lyric doesn't have to contain dozens of lines or make grandiose declarations to resonate with listeners. Sometimes just a basic universal statement says more than all the poetry or verbiage in the world. That was the story with “Nature Boy,” which was a number-one single for eight weeks in 1948 for jazz/pop legend Nat “King” Cole.
ahbez, who was known to many as simply “ahbe” (again, all lower case), was an unshaven and un-coiffed forerunner of a segment of American society that would later be called “hippies,” and was best-known in the L.A. area as the guy who camped out under the Hollywood sign. He was an accomplished musician who apparently believed he had a decent song on his hands when he managed to get the sheet music for “Nature Boy” to Cole, and Cole went for it. With his velvet voice, Cole had broken away from his role as a great jazz pianist to the point where he wasn't even known by his given name anymore, but was simply called “King Cole,” which was the name of the artist on the label of the 10-inch single of “Nature Boy.”
Joe Romersa is a Grammy-winning Los Angeles engineer and musician who has worked with John Prine, Carlene Carter and others, and was involved in ahbez's career many decades after Cole cut the song. Romersa said that ahbez tracked several of his own versions of “Nature Boy” in Romersa's studio, and continued to record even into his 80s before his death in 1995. “He was excited to hear Jose Feliciano and George Benson were doing covers of it,” Romersa recalled, “but he complained that he wasn't getting the royalties he was owed.”
Romersa said that, even though ahbez still had other material he wanted to develop, “Nature Boy” was never far from his mind. “We recorded at least five versions during my time with him. Then he'd say something like, ‘That was the past, and I don't want anything to do with it. I'm working on something new and wonderful the world's never heard before!' But he talked about making a change in the last line of the lyric … he told me that ‘to love and be loved in return' was too much like a ‘deal' and there's no ‘deal' in love. So he wanted the last line to be ‘is to love and be loved, just to love and be loved'.”
ahbez wasn't the first writer to make such a statement of love or some variation of it, and obviously wouldn't be the last. But Sarah Vaughan had an a cappella hit with the song on the heels of Cole's version, and as other singers heard “Nature Boy” the list of people who recorded this unassuming classic grew. In the past 70 years it has been cut by Frank Sinatra, Alex Chilton, David Bowie, Tony Bennett with Lady Gaga, and dozens of other artists.
Read the lyrics.
LONDON (Reuters) - Right at the last, Mo Farah's unbeatable air could not stand up to another examination by the world's best distance runners as he was denied one final global triumph in his farewell championship track race on Saturday.
As the Briton was consoled - and congratulated on a peerless track career - by his competitors following his world 5,000 metres silver in the stadium where his legend was first properly sculpted in 2012, the only question that remained was where he stands in the annals of track distance running.
There is a powerful argument to say, after 10 straight global championship victories stretching back to the 2011 world 5,000 metres triumph in Daegu, that the 34-year-old is the greatest distance racer we have ever seen on the track.
Despite his defeat on Saturday, his ability, time and again, to fend off every challenge and tactic thrown at him -- from Ethiopian and Kenyan athletes ganging up on him to being spiked and bruised in physical races - and still sprint to victory was unprecedented during an incredible six-year reign.
His ability to strike for home with that long, loping stride, anywhere from 600 metres to 100 metres out - and then to find yet another gear when it seemed as if he was flat out - marked him as a unique talent.
Yet being considered the best racer is very different from being seen as the greatest distance athlete of all-time.
Sebastian Coe, the IAAF President and a massive fan of Farah, set the ball rolling when declaring in Friday's Evening Standard newspaper that Haile Gebrselassie was the greatest.
"When it comes to the debate on the greatest distance runner of all time, I'm tough on this," said Coe, who himself is in the shake-up for the title best middle-distance runner of them all.
"For me, it's not Mo Farah — and that's not to do a disservice to Mo, who is one of the greats of all time.
"For me that still has to be Haile Gebrselassie, for the distances that he covered, the titles he won and the world records he broke."
BOTH DISTANCES
In championship running, Farah won 10 on the trot before Saturday's setback, compared with Gebrselassie's six in a row at 10,000 metres and Kenenisa Bekele's best run of four championship wins in succession at both distances.
Yet the two Ethiopian greats also went chasing records to extraordinary effect, Bekele setting a total of three new world marks at 5,000m and 10,000m and Gebrselassie seven at the two events.
Farah has never been down that route, with his capacity for really fast times never examined.
It remains an extraordinary fact that the most successful championship runner ever at 5,000m with five global titles, is ranked only the 31st-fastest runner of all time, at 12 minutes 53.11 seconds. Bekele holds the world record at 12:37.35.
At 10,000 metres, in which Farah has also won a record five global golds, he is also still only the 16th-fastest (26:46.57), nearly half a minute down on Bekele's world record of 26:17.53.
Bekele, a year older than Farah at 35, won nine global golds, once went unbeaten for eight years at 10,000 metres, won 11 world cross-country titles and now holds the second-fastest marathon time in history (2 hours 3 minutes 3 seconds).
For the moment, even if Gebrselassie was the great Ethiopian trailblazer, it seems fair to rank Bekele the highest for his all-round achievements on the track, country and roads.
Yet Farah, who has run only one marathon, finishing eighth in London in 2014 in a relatively modest 2:08:21, believes he can make a big impact on the roads.
The most amazing tale in the annals of British athletics may not quite have run its course yet.
As Farah, who admitted to being tearful after an amotional night, said after his race: "As I'm getting older, it's getting a bit more challenging and that's the reason I'm going to end on the track and see what I can do on the roads.
"This is end of in terms of major championships, I'm done. I've closed that chapter of my life. I want to start a new challenge in my life."
BANGKOK, 4 July 2018 (NNT) – About 10,000 people have been arrested on charges of gambling on World Cup soccer games.
Deputy Police Commissioner-General Pol Gen Chalermkiat Sriworakhan announced the police have arrested some 10,000 suspected gamblers, twice as many as in a previous World Cup tournament four years ago.
Full story: NNT
Reporter: Tanakorn Sangiam,
Rewriter: tewit kemtong
National News Bureau of Thailand
We understand your decision to use an ad blocker, however Playback journalism takes time and funding...
Subscriptions and advertising are both necessary to fund the journalism we bring to you.
Please, whitelist playback.ca in your ad blocker and refresh your browser.
Can a person be convicted of illegally removing a property-line tree when the City has issued a permit authorizing it? That was the issue in an appeal decision of the Ontario Court of Justice this past November. Mart Gross and Scott Scheuermann are neighbours on Fallingbrook Cres., in Toronto. A Norway maple tree was located on the property line between the two lots. Under the Forestry Act, it was a boundary tree, which is defined as a tree whose trunk is growing on the boundary between adjoining lands. Under the legislation, a boundary tree is the common property of the adjoining owners. Back in 2009, Gross retained an arborist who prepared a report titled “Notice of a Hazardous Tree.” The report recommended removal of the tree due to its condition.
Article Continued Below
Based on this report, the City of Toronto issued a permit to Gross to cut the tree down. Scheuermann and his wife Ann refused to consent to the removal of the tree, but in April, 2013, on the instructions of Gross, the tree was removed during a long weekend. Scheuermann then attended before a Justice of the Peace and laid private information, alleging a breach of the Forestry Act, which makes it an offence to injure or destroy a tree growing on the boundary between adjoining lands without the consent of both landowners. A trial was held in Ontario Court in January, 2015. Justice of the Peace Mohammed Brihmi noted that the city-issued permit contained a warning stating that determining ownership of the tree is the obligation of the applicant, who is responsible for any civil or common-law issues with respect to the tree.
This super creepy Tom Waits number pops into my head every time I read about another Apple content acquisition. For a billion-dollar project from one of the world's biggest companies, the company's upcoming streaming service is shaping up to be a strange collection of original content.
Of course, I'm not really sure what I expected after Apple unleashed Carpool Karaoke and Planet of the Apps on the world. Neither were the kind of thing that imbues you with confidence in a company's programming choices.
I wrote a review of sorts of the former here, but was willing to give the show the benefit of the doubt that it just wasn't for me, like cilantro, cats or late-era Radiohead. But clearly I wasn't alone on this one. And Planet of the Apps — the less said about that one the better, probably. Neither particularly jibe with Eddy Cue's whole, “We're not after quantity, we're after quality” spiel.
Announcements have picked up considerably, even in the few months following that appearance at SXSW, but Apple's got a lot of catching up to do against content juggernauts like Netflix, Hulu and even Amazon. Of course, the company's got a long, proud history of showing up a bit late to the party and still blowing the competition out of the water in the hardware space.
And while Apple Music is still far from overtaking Spotify, the music streaming service has been adding subscribers at a steady clip, courtesy of, among other things, being built directly into the company's software offerings — a fringe benefit that Apple's eventual video streaming service will no doubt share. It's true, of course, that users are more likely to subscribe to multiple video streaming services than music ones, but the company's going to have to offer more than ecosystem accessibility. At this point, however, it's hard not to side with Fox CEO James Murdoch's comments on the matter from earlier today.
“Going piece by piece, one by one, show by show, etc., is gonna take a long time to really move the dial and having something mega,” the exec told a crowd at the Code Conference. “I do think that's gonna be very challenging.”
And this first round of programming is a bit of a mixed bag. Among the current crop of offerings, Amazing Stories feels like close to a slam dunk, because if the combination of Spielberg and nostalgia can make Ready Player One a box office success story, then, well, surely it can work on anything, right?
Perhaps it's the dribs and drabs with which the company has been revealing its content play over a matter of months. When Apple wanted to launch a streaming music service, the company went ahead and bought Beats in 2014. Sure, the headphone business was a nice bonus, but it was pretty clear from the outset that Beats Music was the real meat of that deal. A year later, Apple Music was unleashed on the world.
The latest rumors have the company's video streaming service “launching as early as March 2019.” That gives the company a little less than a year to really wow us with original content announcements, if it really wants to hit the ground running — assuming, of course, that many or most of the titles are already in production.
More likely, the company will ultimately ease into it. Apple Music, after all, didn't exactly light the world on fire at launch, and Apple's got no shortage or revenue streams at the moment, so it certainly won't go bust if its billion-dollar investment fails to pay off overnight. But the competition is fierce for this one, extending beyond obvious competitors like Netflix and Hulu to longstanding networks like HBO, which are all vying to lock you in to monthly fees.
This battle won't be easily won. The company has been mostly tight-lipped in all of this (as is its custom), but success is going to take a long-term commitment, with the understanding that it will most likely require a long runway to reap its own investment.
That projected $4 billion annual investment looks like a good place to start, but with Netflix planning to spend double that amount this year and Amazon potentially on target to pass it, Apple's in for a bloody and expensive fight.
St. Mary Parish Sheriff Mark Hebert reported the following arrests:
Kevin Smith Jr., 22, of 10075 La.. 182, Jeanerette, was arrested Thursday at 2:59 p.m. on a warrant for failure to appear on the charge of unlawful use of ID to gain access to a gaming establishment and on a warrant for failure to appear on charges of two counts of simple battery. A correctional officer transported Smith from the Iberia Parish jail to the St. Mary Parish Law Enforcement Center for booking on the warrants. Smith was released on a $5,000.
Kenneth Francis, 41, of 140 Mill Road, Patterson, was arrested Thursday at 3:38 p.m. on warrants for failure to appear on the charge of failure to provide notice as a sex offender and on the charge of failure to comply with the terms and conditions of probation.
Francis is also being detained on a Harris County, Texas warrant for the charge of continuous sexual abuse of a child. Morgan City Police provided information to Sheriff's Office detectives regarding the Texas warrant. Detectives located Francis at a residence in Verdunville. Francis was transported to the St. Mary Parish Law Enforcement Center for booking. No bail is set.
Jonathan Borne, 34, of 106 Southeast Blvd., #6, Bayou Vista, was arrested Thursday at 5:09 p.m. on the charge of illegal possession of stolen things. A deputy patrolling the Ricohoc area located a truck that had been reported stolen from Morgan City. The deputy observed the truck on Ricohoc Drive that matched the “be on the lookout” information provided by the Morgan City Police Department. The deputy stopped the vehicle and identified the driver as Borne. After speaking with him about the vehicle, the deputy transported Borne to the St. Mary Parish Law Enforcement Center for booking. No bail is set.
Terrance Davis, 34, of 226 Mitchell St., Franklin, was arrested Thursday at 9:33 p.m. on charges of speeding, no motor vehicle insurance, operating a vehicle with a suspended driver's license and possession of Schedule I marijuana.
A deputy conducting traffic enforcement on Irish Bend Road observed a vehicle traveling 40 miles per hour in a posted 25 miles per hour zone and conducted a traffic stop. The deputy identified the driver as Davis. While speaking with him, the deputy smelled the odor of marijuana coming from the vehicle. The deputy received consent to search the car and located pieces of marijuana on the driver's side of the vehicle. The deputy also found that Davis was driving the vehicle with a suspended license and without insurance. Davis was transported to the St. Mary Parish Law Enforcement Center for booking. Davis was released on a $3,500 bond.
Leo Green Jr., 52, of 168 Verdun Lane, Franklin, was arrested Thursday at 9:25 p.m. on a warrant for failure to appear on the charge of criminal neglect of family. A deputy stopped to assist a stranded motorist on US 90 in Patterson. The deputy identified the driver as Green and located the active warrant for his arrest. Green was transported to the St. Mary Parish Law Enforcement Center for booking. Bail is set at $5,122.
Franklin Police Chief Sabria McGuire reported the following arrests:
Robert Johnson Jr., 30, of First Street, Patterson, was arrested Friday at 3:44 p.m. on the charge of suspended driver's license. Johnson was booked, processed, and released on a $1,000 bond.
Jamarlon Smith, 20, of Pine Street, Franklin, was arrested Saturday at 7:35 p.m. on a warrant for Third Ward City Court for failure to appear on the charge of no turn signal. Smith was booked, processed, and released on a $228 bond.
Aaron Bourque, 30, of Wilfred Street, Franklin, was arrested Saturday at 11:19 p.m. on a warrant for Third Ward City Court for failure to appear on the charge of noise. Bourque was additionally charged with a warrant for 16th Judicial District Court for failure to appear on several charges. Bourque was booked, processed, and held on a $15,500 bond.
TOKYO, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Sony Corp CEO Kazuo Hirai will be replaced by Kenichiro Yoshida, currently the company's chief financial officer, effective April 1, the Nikkei newspaper reported on Friday.
Hirai is likely to become chairman of the electronics and entertainment company, Nikkei said in its online edition. (Reporting by Makiko Yamazaki; Editing by Himani Sarkar)
We value our content and our journalists, so to get full access to all your local news updated 7-days-a-week – PLUS an e-edition of the Oban Times – subscribe today for as little as 56 pence per week.
It was a full house of shooters for the February leg of Tarbert Gun Club's winter team shoot at Barmore.
Like all the previous shooting days, the weather was perfect on Sunday February 5. No wind or rain and mild, and it showed with a lot of the scoring.
With just one competition left, the 53 shooters competing were trying hard to increase their points tally.
The high-ribbed Beretta of Andrew MacDonald and Jonathon Gargan were not missing much, with Andrew pipping Jonathon for top gun. The surprise of the day was John Paton's lads inflicting their first defeat, depriving Roy Laird's team of a clean sweep of wins in the team event.
Results: Class A – 1 John Paton; 2= Ally McDonnell and Bob McColl. Class B – 1 Andrew MacDonald; 2 Jonathan Gargan; 3 Archie MacGilp.
Class C – 1= Andy Wilson, Jack Campbell and David Thorburn.
Class D – 1= Steve Sloan and Andrew Gall; 3 Shaun Johnson. Class E – 1 Matthew Peden; 2 Stephen MacSporran; 3 Michael Harvey
President Trump Vows To 'Liberate' U.S. From Opioid Crisis
Enlarge this image toggle caption Spencer Platt/Getty Images Spencer Platt/Getty Images
President Trump outlined a wide-ranging plan to combat the opioid epidemic on Monday, including an ad campaign to discourage drug use, expand addiction treatment and pursue a get-tough approach to law enforcement.
"Whether you are a dealer or doctor or trafficker or a manufacturer, if you break the law and illegally peddle these deadly poisons, we will find you, we will arrest you, and we will hold you accountable," Trump told an audience in Manchester, N.H.
"Failure is not an option," he added. "Addiction is not our future."
The speech comes five months after the president declared opioid abuse a public health emergency. The president has discussed opioids repeatedly, including during a summit earlier this month, and has created a commission to tackle the issue. But many proposals remain in progress or unaddressed.
Attorney General Jeff Sessions was in the audience as Trump spoke and applauded the president's focus on law enforcement.
"At the Department of Justice, we have made ending the drug epidemic a priority," Sessions said in a statement. "We will continue to aggressively prosecute drug traffickers and we will use federal law to seek the death penalty wherever appropriate."
Trump conceded that not all Americans would be "ready" for such a crackdown, but he promised to push for it.
"Unless you have really, really powerful penalties, led by the death penalty for the really bad pushers and abusers, we are going to get nowhere," he said.
The president's plan also calls for expanded research into less-addictive pain killers and efforts to reduce the over-prescribing of opioids.
Before the speech, the president and first lady visited a Manchester fire house where they met with first responders, who are often called upon to treat overdose victims.
Trump praised the Adapt pharmaceutical company, which makes free and discounted samples of its anti-overdose medication, naloxone, available to schools and first responders.
Every day, Trump said, 116 Americans die from an opioid overdose. He said the death rate in New Hampshire is twice the national average.
"We will liberate our country from this crisis," Trump said. "And we will raise a drug-free generation of children."
One Beaverton elementary school is not allowing Halloween costumes during the school day this year.
Scholls Heights Elementary sent an email Wednesday afternoon stating kids will not be allowed to dress up until they leave the school building.
By FOX 12 Staff
Read more HERE from KPTV.com
The Weinstein Company (TWC) has filed for bankruptcy and announced the dissolution of all "non-disclosure agreements".
The film production company behind Oscar-winning movies including 'Silver Linings Playbook', 'Lion', 'Django Unchained and 'The Kings Speech' has been forced to go into liquidation following the accusations of sexual harassment made against Harvey Weinstein dating back over a 30-year period.
The company said in a statement: "The Company also takes an important step toward justice for any victims who have been silenced by Harvey Weinstein. Since October, it has been reported that Harvey Weinstein used non-disclosure agreements [NDAs] as a secret weapon to silence his accusers. Effective immediately, those 'agreements' end.
"The Company expressly releases any confidentiality provision to the extent it has prevented individuals who suffered or witnessed any form of sexual misconduct by Harvey Weinstein from telling their stories. No one should be afraid to speak out or coerced to stay quiet. The Company thanks the courageous individuals who have already come forward. Your voices have inspired a movement for change across the country and around the world."
TWC also said that it "regrets that it cannot undo the damage Harvey Weinstein caused, but hopes that today's events will mark a new beginning."
New York State Attorney General Eric T. Schneiderman - who has been investigating the many allegations against Weinstein - released a reactive statement, decalring the dissolution of the non-disclosure agreements, "a watershed moment for efforts to address the corrosive effects of sexual misconduct in the workplace."
He added that the bankruptcy of the company would not put an end to the victims' fight for justice.
Schneiderman tweeted: "My office will continue to fight for the victims. Our lawsuit against The Weinstein Company, Bob Weinstein, and Harvey Weinstein remains active and our investigation is ongoing."
The Weinstein Compnay has entered into what is known as a "stalking horse" agreement with the private equity company Lantern Capital Partners, who will purchase the company's assets and holdings, before they are auctioned off. The deal is subject to approval by the US Bankruptcy Court in the District of Delaware.
TWC said: "The Company hopes that this orderly sale process under the supervision of the Bankruptcy Court will allow it to maximize the value of the Company's assets for the benefit of its creditors and other stakeholders."
2:15 The zany 9th Annual Shamrock Shiver Charity Plunge Pause
3:03 Talkback: Mark Young talks about Vice Mayor Gene Gallo's tragic loss of his wife
1:17 Samoset Neighborhood Association looks to 2017 for continued improvements
0:49 Gene Gallo reflects on the loss of his wife
0:40 Suspect in armed robbery of Bradenton convenience store arrested
0:55 Woman saves neighbor's 80-pound mastiff in Christmas day fire
0:58 Little Rebekah is Manatee's first baby of 2017
1:22 Acapulco Tropical co-owner on opening second Bradenton location
2:02 Manatee County residents fear heavy manufacturing will change lifestyle
0:46 Dozens rally after arrest of first ‘Dreamer' protected by Obama's DACA order Pause
1:37 Oscar-winning actress Geena Davis speaks in Sarasota
3:46 Video captures men robbing taxi driver at gunpoint
1:53 Legoland surprise for one generous 8-year old
1:32 The truth about prescription opioids and addiction
1:22 Kindergartners make plea for recess
2:04 Protesters, supporters clash at President Donald Trump protest in Tampa
3:16 Anti-mining group claims FDEP didn't investigate suspicious water levels before sinkhole
2:03 Commission holds a brain-storming session to discuss heroin epidemic
If you have a phone with wireless charging capabilities and aren't using a wireless charging pad, it's time to change that. Amazon currently has Samsung's Qi fast wireless charging pad on sale for just $24.99, which is the lowest price it has ever sold for. You can pick one up in either black or white right now. Recently, it's been averaging around $35, but has sold for as much as $70 in the past. Best Buy has it priced at $50 right now.
CONWAY, S.C. -- A South Carolina family got a big surprise over Memorial Day weekend.
Airman Tywan Lawson hadn't been home to Conway, about 30 minutes northwest of Myrtle Beach, in nearly five years. He worked with police to arrange a surprise reunion, and the department aired it live on Facebook last Saturday.
You can tell the military man was pretty nervous in the video shot by Tyres Knox Nesmith. But all the jitters were worth it; the entire family went nuts when they saw him.
Welcome home, Airman Lawson, and thank you for your service!
© 2018 WCNC
WASHINGTON : The United States supports free, fair, and transparent elections in Pakistan, US Department of State spokesperson Heather Nauert said.
“The United States supports free, fair, and transparent, accountable elections in Pakistan as we do in other countries around the world,” she said at a press briefing in Washington.
Ms Nauert was responding to a question about the current government completing its term on May 31 and general elections announced going to take place on July 27.
She said the US along with other international partners, has supported Pakistan's implementation of its historic 2017 electoral reforms law.
“My understanding is that this is the first time that law will actually be put into effect for these elections. We hope that the new comprehensive and transparent legal framework facilitates the peaceful transfer of civilian power to a democratically elected government.”
When asked if the State Department carrying out an investigation against a US diplomat involved in a traffic accident in Islamabad and any update thereof, Ms Nauert feigned ignorance.
However, the State Department spokesperson said she was unaware if the country would send any observers to Pakistan for the upcoming election. The country polls its next government into power on July 25.
International analysts visited the country to observe the last general election that happened in 2013.
“I'm not aware if we would send any observers on the ground,” said Heather Nauert, the acting Under Secretary of State for Public Diplomacy and Public Affairs. “We tend to support international organizations that do participate as observers.”
Share this article:
0 votes
Below is a new promo to push the pre-paid WWE Network cards for Father's Day:
WWE has announced that Roman Reigns will be on next week's RAW to announce his plans for the WWE SummerSlam pay-per-view in August from the Barclays Center in Brooklyn.
WWE taped the following matches on Monday in Lafayette, LA for this week's Main Event episode:
Curtis Axel vs. Curt Hawkins
Ariya Daivari vs. Gran Metalik
As seen below, Big Show, Bayley and Summer Rae were representing WWE for the opening of the Special Olympics of Connecticut Summer Games this past weekend:
Thank you @SOCTconnecticut for having @WWETheBigShow and @itsBayleyWWE declare the Special Olympics CT Summer Games officially OPEN! pic.twitter.com/o3lDXKaMh9 — WWE Community (@WWECommunity) June 10, 2017
With @SOCTconnecticut kicking off the #LETR & Summer Games! The Flame of Hope will be carried across CT & arrive at the Opening Ceremonies 🏆 pic.twitter.com/XaoIZKYE12 — WWE Community (@WWECommunity) June 9, 2017
Follow Marc on Twitter at @this_is_marc. Send any news, tips or corrections to us by clicking here.
Big News on a Crazy Brock Lesnar Feud, “Broken” Hardy Plans for WWE RAW Revealed, Vince McMahon Upset with WWE Newcomer, New GIFs & Galleries, More
Related
Swathe Services has appointed ex-naval captain and marine consultant, Jon Holmes, as its new business development manager.
Swathe Services is a hydrographic survey services company based at Hayle Marine Renewables Business Park.
Director, James Williams, said: “The calibre of candidates was exceptional. However, Jon's knowledge and experience of hydrographic survey, his confidence, presentation manner and overall personality outshone all other candidates. We are all looking forward to working with him.”
Holmes added: “I'm looking forward to adding value to the company, and I am excited to be part of some excellent products and innovation in marine and hydrography.”
Holmes has had a full naval career as a hydrographic surveyor and was made ship's captain of six naval vessels during that time. He left the navy to work at the University of Plymouth's Hydrographic Academy and then as a marine consultant.
His final role in the navy before he finished his career saw him in charge of the multi-role survey and oceanographic vessel, HMS Enterprise. “When people asked what I did,” he joked, “I would be proud to announce that I was the ‘Captain of the Enterprise'! I also quite like Star Trek and motorbikes.”
Aaron Rodgers threw three of his four touchdown passes in the second half, lifting the Green Bay Packers to an NFC North-winning 31-24 victory over the Detroit Lions and the NFC North title at Ford Field on Sunday night.Detroit's Matthew Stafford connected with Anquan Boldin for a 35-yard touchdown pass with 13 seconds left, but the Packers recovered the onside kick and Rodgers had only to kneel once to seal the victory.The 10-6 Packers closed the regular season with six straight wins — running the table as Rodgers said they would after losing four in a row midway through the season — to win the division for the fifth time in six years. Like his team, Rodgers has been perfect during the streak with 15 TD passes and no interceptions. He will lead fourth-seeded Green Bay at home against the fifth-seeded New York Giants in an NFC wild-card game next Sunday.The Lions dropped their last three contests after leading the North by two games, spoiling a shot at their first division title since 1993. They will be in the playoffs, though, for the second time in three years under coach Jim Caldwell. The sixth seeds will play at No. 3 Seattle on Saturday night.FALCONS 38, SAINTS 32: Matt Ryan bolstered his MVP credentials with a brilliant first half, throwing four touchdown passes in a home win that secured a first-round playoff bye. Ryan was 17 of 19 for 235 yards by halftime, directing the 11-5 Falcons to touchdowns on all five possessions and a commanding 35-13 lead. He finished 27 of 36 for 331 yards, leaving him with a franchise-record 4,944 yards, 38 touchdowns and just seven interceptions this season. Atlanta is seeded second in the NFC to Dallas. One consolation for New Orleans: Drew Brees became the first quarterback in league history to throw for 5,000 yards five times. He was 29 of 50 for 350 yards, giving him 5,208 on the season. His 471 completions also set an NFL record.Article Continued BelowGIANTS 19, REDSKINS 10: Facing an opponent with nothing to play for, Washington blew a chance to make the playoffs. With some help, the Redskins could have advanced with a win. Instead, Kirk Cousins was intercepted twice in the second half by Dominique Rodgers-Cromartie and Washington, at 8-7-1, goes into an off-season filled with questions.CHIEFS 37, CHARGERS 27: Alex Smith threw for two touchdowns and ran for another, and the Chiefs clinched the AFC West title and a first-round playoff bye in perhaps the final NFL game in San Diego. The 12-4 Chiefs took the division with the win and Oakland's loss at Denver. San Diego fired coach Mike McCoy after the game.BRONCOS 24, RAIDERS 6: In a game that couldn't have gone much worse, Oakland lost its latest starting quarterback, Matt McGloin, to a shoulder injury, then fell to a team with nothing to play for. Later, several Denver players said coach Gary Kubiak will be stepping down for health reasons. Combined with Kansas City's win over San Diego, the Raiders squandered the AFC West title and the first-round bye that went with it — and instead fell to the No. 5 seed. Now, they are a wild card with a rookie third-stringer, Connor Cook, as their only fully healthy quarterback. Oakland is at Houston next weekend.
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Liberty Gratz is deaf and has vision loss.
That hasn't stopped her from working at Publix. But on the afternoon of April 22, she had an interaction with a customer that will stay with her.
Gratz was kneeling down to arrange items on a lower shelf, when a customer hit her.
"All of a sudden, I felt some woman hit me in my back," Liberty said, through her mother Jeanette Gratz's interpreting, according to CBS 17.
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
Gratz couldn't hear the woman asking where to find an item in the store, so the woman became violent, her mother told The News & Observer on April 24.
"At this point Liberty was stunned, but turned and told the lady she couldn't hear by pointing to her ear and shaking her head no," Jeanette said. "She handed the lady a pen and paper so she could tell her what she needed, then showed her where it was. She said the lady still acted and looked angry while she was helping her."
Publix was supportive and management searched security footage, but no one could determine the identity of the woman who hit Gratz.
"They kept looking again and again and again, but you couldn't see because there were so many people blocking the camera," Liberty signed while her mother interpreted for CBS17. "It was hard for me to really see her face to make sure it was the right person."
Gratz normally communicates with customers using paper and a pen. But her vision loss means she doesn't always see people next to her, or in her periphery.
"How would you feel if you were working and someone just came up behind you and decided to punch you?" Jeanette Gratz said.
Gratz and her brother, Triton, are 21-year-old twins who were born deaf and had vision issues. The twins have Usher Syndrome — the most common genetic cause of combined deafness and blindness, according to a GoFundMe campaign for the family.
Gratz and her brother use American Sign Language with family and friends.
Gratz was diagnosed with Usher Syndrome and Retinitis Pigmentosa — the disease responsible for her blindness. Retinitis Pigmentosa is a genetic disease that causes slow, but permanent vision loss.
She already has night blindness and other symptoms. Triton also was scheduled to be tested for RP.
"This diagnoses has sucked the air right out of this family," the GoFundMe said. "They are scared, angry, sad and confused. They are glad to finally have a diagnosis, but now they are trying to figure out those next steps, and the things they will need to learn to make sure Liberty (and Triton if diagnosed) has the best life possible despite the circumstances."
The GoFundMe was set up to raise money for medical and travel costs and for Gratz to go to Disney World and do other traveling before she goes blind.
As of April 24, the GoFundMe had raised more than $5,000.
Jeanette said she would pray for the person who struck her daughter.
"Whoever it is, they've been prayed for," she said. "I will continue to pray for them, and I hope that things get better in their life so they can be better to other people."
After months of live streaming by the Animal Adventure Park of a pregnant giraffe named April, she finally gave birth. This is the fourth calf for the 15-year-old April, but the first for the Animal Adventure Park located in Harpursville, New York.
Michael Sheen and David Tennant have been cast in the lead roles in the Amazon series adaptation of Neil Gaiman's “Good Omens,” Variety has learned.
The show is set in 2018 on the brink of an apocalypse as humanity prepares for a final judgment. But Aziraphale, a somewhat fussy angel, and Crowley, a demon, aren't enthusiastic about the end of the world, and can't seem to find the Antichrist. Sheen will play the role of Aziraphale, while Tennant will play Crowley. It will consist of six one-hour episodes.
Amazon declined to comment.
Sheen recently starred in the Showtime drama “Masters of Sex,” which ended its run on the premium cabler in November after four seasons. He has primarily worked in film during his career, having starred in “Frost/Nixon,” “Passengers,” both “Underworld” and “Underworld: Rise of the Lycans,” and “The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn” among many others. He is repped by ICM, Sanders/Armstrong/Caserta Management, and the U.K.'s Roxane Vacca Management.
“I first read ‘Good Omens' as a teenager and it's been one of my favourite stories ever since,” Sheen said in a statement to Variety. “To be part of the team entrusted with bringing it alive on screen is a bit of a dream come true to be honest. To work alongside Neil, who I think is one of the greatest storytellers of all time, is incredibly exciting. And, just like the rest of the world, I'm a huge fan of David's so I relish trying to save it with him.”
Tennant is well known for playing the title role in “Doctor Who” for three seasons and nine specials. Among his other notable roles, he played the villainous Kilgrave in Season 1 of the Marvel-Netflix series “Jessica Jones,” Alec Hardy in the critically-acclaimed series “Broadchurch,” and Barty Crouch Jr. in the film “Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire.” He is repped by UTA and the U.K.'s Independent Talent Group.
“Good Omens” was Gaiman's first novel, written in collaboration with Terry Pratchett, who died in 2015. Terry Gilliam was attached at one point to direct a film adaptation. It is the latest Gaiman television project in recent years. Fox premiered “Lucifer,” inspired by Gaiman's Vertigo comics series, in 2015. Earlier this year, Starz debuted Season 1 of “American Gods,” based on Gaiman's book of the same name.
“Good Omens” is co-produced by BBC Studios with Narrativia, the production company of Pratchett's daughter Rhianna, and the Blank Corporation and in association with BBC Worldwide for Amazon Prime Video and the BBC. Gaiman, Caroline Skinner, and Chris Sussman are executive producing for BBC Studios, and Rob Wilkins and Rod Brown will executive produce for Narrativia. Gaiman adapted all six episodes of the series and will also serve as showrunner. Following its exclusive launch on Amazon Prime Video, the series will also be broadcast on BBC in the U.K. First-run rights for markets where Prime Video doesn't operate will be distributed by BBC Worldwide, which will also handle second-run rights internationally.
BLOOMINGTON, Minn. (AP) — The best formula for success against the New England Patriots is to keep Tom Brady on the sideline and harass him when he's on the field.
That's not a news flash. But the good news for Eagles fans and everyone roots against Brady, Bill Belichick and the Patriots in Sunday's Super Bowl is that Philadelphia has the ingredients to do it.
The Eagles (15-3) have a multidimensional, ball-control offense capable of chewing the clock and forcing No. 12 to be a spectator.
Jay Ajayi, former Patriots running back LeGarrette Blount and Corey Clement led the NFL's third-best rushing offense and the Eagles were first in time of possession.
“You have to stay patient and diligent there,” Eagles coach Doug Pederson said. “That's something we've been able to do all season long. It's something we stay committed to.”
This isn't an old-school, ground-and-pound offense, either.
The Eagles have a versatile passing attack with several receivers who create matchup problems. Carson Wentz threw for 3,296 yards and 33 touchdown passes before he tore his ACL in Week 14 and Nick Foles has eight TD passes, including playoffs.
Foles proved in the NFC championship game he can make quick-strike plays with three passes of 40-plus yards against the league's top-ranked defense. Two of those were TD tosses of 53 yards to Alshon Jeffery and 41 yards to Torrey Smith.
Pro Bowl tight end Zach Ertz and slot receiver Nelson Agholor are other options. Tight end Trey Burton, who also lines up at fullback in certain short-yardage situations, had five TD catches this season.
“You can't just stop one guy,” Patriots safety Devin McCourty said. “You can't go out there and say, ‘if we just limit Jeffery or if we just limit Ertz that won't matter.' They have a lot of different guys out there that can beat you.”
Foles has been adept at making the right calls on run-pass option plays, making it even more difficult for defenses facing Philadelphia.
“It's hard because you have to defend every inch of the field,” McCourty said. “Each guy has to do their job on the play. We can't have guys doing things that don't fit the defense.”
On the opposite side of the ball, defensive coordinator Jim Schwartz has an aggressive unit. Nobody runs on Philadelphia's defense. It was No. 1 against the run and didn't allow a 100-yard rusher until Ezekiel Elliott had 103 in Week 17 against backups and third-stringers.
The Patriots (15-3) rely mainly on Brady's arm, even though Dion Lewis had 896 yards rushing and James White was a Super Bowl hero last year. But Brady can't throw if he doesn't have time and the Eagles have a dominant front four led by Fletcher Cox and Brandon Graham.
The line often generates enough pressure that Schwartz doesn't have to blitz much and there's enough depth with Chris Long, Vinny Curry, Tim Jernigan and Beau Allen that guys stay fresh in the fourth quarter.
Safety Malcolm Jenkins is a physical presence in the secondary and cornerbacks Ronald Darby and Jalen Mills are solid cover guys.
“They have a great defense,” Brady said. “It's as good any we've faced all year. They have a great scheme that mixes in well with their coverages.”
If the game comes down to a field goal, rookie kicker Jake Elliott has a strong leg. He kicked a 61-yarder at the end of regulation to beat the Giants in Week 3 and is 6 of 7 from beyond 50 yards.
The Eagles shouldn't be tight and they're not intimidated by the Patriots. They're a loose, relaxed group that has embraced their underdog role throughout the playoffs and overcame injuries to several key players.
“Greatest quarterback of all time, but that doesn't mean that he's unbeatable,” Jenkins said of Brady. “We're not worried. We match up well.”
___
AP NFL website: www.pro32.ap.org and www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
___
Follow Rob Maaddi on Twitter: https://twitter.com/AP_RobMaaddi
Philadelphia Eagles quarterback Nick Foles (9) throws during a practice for the NFL Super Bowl 52 football game Friday, Feb. 2, 2018, in Minneapolis. Philadelphia is scheduled to face the New England Patriots Sunday. (AP Photo/Eric Gay) http://www.wnewsj.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/22/2018/02/web1_119784350-ffa1d47c9c06468e93feecfec4020bee.jpg Philadelphia Eagles quarterback Nick Foles (9) throws during a practice for the NFL Super Bowl 52 football game Friday, Feb. 2, 2018, in Minneapolis. Philadelphia is scheduled to face the New England Patriots Sunday. (AP Photo/Eric Gay) Philadelphia Eagles free safety Rodney McLeod (23) goes through drills during a practice for the NFL Super Bowl 52 football game Friday, Feb. 2, 2018, in Minneapolis. Philadelphia is scheduled to face the New England Patriots Sunday. (AP Photo/Eric Gay) http://www.wnewsj.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/22/2018/02/web1_119784350-b26e265b423149ddbf16fd89a5644e4e.jpg Philadelphia Eagles free safety Rodney McLeod (23) goes through drills during a practice for the NFL Super Bowl 52 football game Friday, Feb. 2, 2018, in Minneapolis. Philadelphia is scheduled to face the New England Patriots Sunday. (AP Photo/Eric Gay) Philadelphia Eagles tight end Trey Burton (88) catches a pass during a practice for the NFL Super Bowl 52 football game Friday, Feb. 2, 2018, in Minneapolis. Philadelphia is scheduled to face the New England Patriots Sunday. (AP Photo/Eric Gay) http://www.wnewsj.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/22/2018/02/web1_119784350-18ce542b02fc4e1ea9fb8fb93dd146d1.jpg Philadelphia Eagles tight end Trey Burton (88) catches a pass during a practice for the NFL Super Bowl 52 football game Friday, Feb. 2, 2018, in Minneapolis. Philadelphia is scheduled to face the New England Patriots Sunday. (AP Photo/Eric Gay)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Saia Inc:
* SAIA REPORTS FOURTH QUARTER AND FULL YEAR RESULTS
* Q4 EARNINGS PER SHARE $1.82
* QTRLY REVENUES WERE $353 MILLION, A 17.7% INCREASE
* ‍IN 2018, ANTICIPATE NET CAPITAL EXPENDITURES OF APPROXIMATELY $265 MILLION​
* QTRLY ‍LTL SHIPMENTS PER WORKDAY INCREASED 8.7%​
* EXCLUDING TAX REFORM REDUCTION, QTRLY DILUTED EARNINGS PER SHARE WERE $0.53
* Q4 EARNINGS PER SHARE VIEW $0.53, REVENUE VIEW $343.1 MILLION -- THOMSON REUTERS I/B/E/S
* QTRLY ‍ADJUSTED DILUTED EARNINGS PER SHARE $ 0.53​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Amidst the Vancouver Canucks' plethora of young talent is Reid Boucher, a young man who is lighting up the AHL for the Utica Comets. Boucher has 115 NHL games under his belt with three different teams — the Nashville Predators, New Jersey Devils and, you guessed it, the Canucks. At 24, his ceiling is high and his future looks bright.
He's always been a talented player, but lately, he's been playing at a level worthy of a full-time NHL job. His point production has caught the attention of many and he was the first Comet in history to be awarded the CCM/AHL Player of the Month Award for January.
BREAKING: Reid Boucher becomes first Comet to earn CCM/AHL Player of the Month Award. Details: https://t.co/eGRQ2BSL1K pic.twitter.com/ccfWllVKH0 — Utica Comets (@UticaComets) February 1, 2018
Boucher and the Comets
With 22 goals and 18 apples in 36 games, Boucher is an AHL stud. He is old enough to out-smart a lot of players and he's also young enough to skate with all of the talent the AHL has to offer.
The AHL is essentially a long tryout for NHL squads as most guys are there to prove they are worthy of the big league. Boucher is no exception and has played for three AHL teams so far, improving drastically along the way. Now, with the Comets, he has cemented himself as an NHL-ready forward and I'm fully confident that he'll be seeing a considerable amount of time with the Canucks next season.
Boucher, the Lansing, Michigan product has already crushed his previous AHL-career-best of 32 points in 34 games and is on pace to lead the AHL in scoring. He is only three points out of a tie for first and, did I mention that, he's played 10 fewer games?
Boucher's continued development is exactly what was asked of him and exactly why he's spent so much time in the minors; he's a point-producer but simply wasn't at an NHL level. Now, though, he is more than ready.
Boucher's NHL Battle
Boucher has had quite the uphill battle trying to land a full-time job. His journey has especially been difficult, considering how much he's bounced around — it's only been three teams but it's more like five. He started out with the New Jersey Devils for three seasons then, in the 2016-17 season alone, Boucher went to the Canucks, then to the Nashville Predators and back again to the Devils and then finally, for the 2017-18 season, he was back with the Canucks.
I can't begin to imagine what it's like to be uprooted so many times in a two-year span, but somehow Boucher has kept his chin up and fought through the hardship. His play has continually elevated and I bet that the Devils and Predators are probably kicking themselves that they missed out on him.
The Canucks got a second chance with Boucher and seized it. Now, they have arguably the best player in the AHL in their system and a trick up their sleeve for next season.
Boucher and the Canucks
If Boucher is playing so well, then why isn't he playing for the Canucks? Ultimately, it boils down to roles already being filled. Down the middle, Bo Horvat, Henrik Sedin, Brandon Sutter and Sam Gagner hold the fort. Boucher is not a replacement for Horvat or Sedin in the top-six and his skill is wasted in the bottom-six ahead of Sutter and Gagner.
Patience is a virtue that Boucher is all too familiar with but he'll need to display just a little bit more until next season when contracts expire, assets are moved and spots are vacated. His time will come and he will be ready to pounce in the prime of his career. He might need to shift over to the wing but that's one of the easier transitions in the game.
Boucher's development has been textbook and the payoff will be great once he's given the green light.
Boucher Predictions
I think Boucher will be a full-time member of the Canucks next season, depending on what happens with Daniel and Henrik Sedin in the offseason. If Henrik is re-signed then Boucher might not be full-time but he will play a large amount of time in the NHL. With the deadline just around the corner, things could be shaken up quite drastically, though not likely.
Once he is playing a lot with the Canucks, I could see Boucher being a consistent 15-20 goal scorer and with the right linemates, he may even be a 20-25 goal scorer. Those are bold predictions but based on his rate of growth, I don't think it's too far off.
Players like Boucher and Brendan Gaunce pull at my heartstrings: they're so close and yet so far from everything they've dreamed of. Their hard work is respected and appreciated but it isn't always enough. I genuinely hope that Boucher, and Gaunce, achieve their dreams and I hope that it's very, very soon.
ISLAMABAD, Aug 14 (APP): In order to mark the 70th Independence Day of
Pakistan, the tech giant, Google has changed its logo to a doodle with animated Pakistani
flag.
Google has been dedicating doodles to mark Pakistan's independence
day over the past few years now, which attracts praise from Pakistanis online.
The Google also celebrated birthdays of late musician Nusrat Fateh Ali
Khan and social worker Abdul Sattar Edhi.
Google changes its logo on homepage to mark prominent holidays and
celebrate notable personalities across the world. Google calls the changed logos as
“doodles”.
Moparproshop.com is throwing power-crazy fans a bone and is currently offering the Hellcat crate engine, appropriately deemed the "Hellcrate," at a massive discount. The website, which is affiliated with Galeana Chrysler Jeep in Columbia, South Carolina, shows the final sale price before tax at $14,998, a discount of $4,532 over the normal price on the site and on the official Mopar website.
The crate engine normally sells for $19,530, and it includes everything needed for near turn-key operation. A wiring harness, accelerator pedal, oxygen sensors, fuel pump control module, and more are all included to give any project car the Hellcat treatment. Not included is the front end accessory drive kit, which adds an alternator, a power steering pump, belts, and pulleys. That kit is an additional $2,195.
With a couple clicks, a Hellcrate engine will be shipped out and ready for installation. With it, 707 horsepower and 650 pound-feet of torque will be on tap, just like you get in the Dodge Challenger and Charger SRT Hellcats and the Jeep Grand Cherokee SRT Trackhawk. Until the Dodge Challenger SRT Demon came around, with its 840-hp supercharged 6.2-liter V-8 engine, the Hellcat engine was top dog. And it's still a formidable straight-line shooter.
Motor Authority reached out to Moparproshop, and a representative said the site tends to discount its crate engines based on the pricing it can get from Mopar and with the understanding that customers will also likely buy other parts and accessories for their projects. The site doesn't know how long the sale will continue, so it might be best to buy while the price is right.
The whale has been stuck in Newfoundland since last fall, frozen and covered with snow for the winter months
A tiny Newfoundland village is hoping to quickly remove the massive body of a humpback whale that has been stuck there since last fall, fearing the impending odour and mess as warmer weather approaches.
The whale's body was frozen and covered with snow for the winter months in Nameless Cove, but has become an urgent issue for the village.
“The warmer temperatures are coming and you obviously know what's gonna happen next,” Hank Diamond, a member of the local service district committee, said Wednesday.
“You won't be able to live in that community in the summer, probably, if you don't move it.”
Nameless Cove is waiting on a price quote from contractors, and Diamond said the community is hoping for provincial assistance to remove the sizable creature that he estimates to be 25-30 feet.
“It would take a fairly fair sized vessel to move that off the beach even at high tide, you know, and it seems to be settling in the sand more, so it's gonna be harder and harder to get outta there, and it's starting to rot.”
The body is in close proximity to some residences, wharves, and is less than 100 metres from a graveyard.
The beach is also a tourist attraction for its proximity to Flowers Island. The whale's body is currently in the line of vision for anyone hoping to snap a photo of the island's famed lighthouse.
Diamond reached out to Service NL after Fisheries and Oceans Canada (DFO) told Nameless Cove the removal of the whale carcass is the municipality's responsibility.
In an e-mailed statement, Service NL said it is working with the district and ”the whale will have to be moved and disposed of, either by towing it to a more secluded location to decompose or by burial.”
Dead smelly whales are not uncommon an issue for seaside Newfoundlanders: Last June, a dead humpback was lifted by crane in Outer Cove, N.L., and taken to a disposal site.
But small communities like Nameless Cove, armed with tiny boats and a population under 100 people in northern Newfoundland, are faced with a difficult task when whales wash ashore.
Diamond said DFO officials visited the site last fall to assess the beached whale, leading many locals to believe they would return to remove the body in the spring. Then villagers were surprised and upset when DFO told them it fell outside the department's responsibility.
“It's like Russian roulette, whatever community it lands on, it's on you,” Diamond said.
So far, Diamond said the response from Service NL has been encouraging. But the town needs to move fast on the difficult removal, with or without the government's help.
“If they support it or if they don't, it's got to move,” said Diamond. “We'll see to it I guess.”
The Canadian Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
Naveed Ahmad Khan
Islamabad
Zong 4G, under its Corporate Social Responsibility program has amazed all of Pakistan with a special 70-year anniversary present to the nation. This Independence Day, Zong 4G's ‘New Hope' volunteers pay homage to the greatest hero of our independence, Quaid-e-Azam Muhammad Ali Jinnah, by creating a virtual tour of his birthplace, Wazir Mansion, Karachi.
This virtual tour, placed at Zong 4G's corporate webpage, allows visitors to take a 3D tour of Quaid's family home. The tour allows a ‘life-like' experience of walking through the entrance and hallways that were once walked by the great leader himself. The tour allows access to Quaid's bedroom, study and his library which has the original furniture that has been preserved in its original state. The second floor displays astounding artefacts such as Quaid's clothing, wearables and accessories that were under his use and gives us a peek into his elegant lifestyle.
Wazir Mansion, known officially as “Quaid-e-Azam Birthplace Museum” is a former family home in the Kharadar district of Karachi, Sindh. The magnificent structure was built during 1860-1870 with stone masonry in lime and jute mortar to suit the volatile weather of Karachi. Quaid-e-Azam Muhammad Ali Jinnah's father got the house for rent in 1874 and settled here.
In a statement released today, Zong 4G's Director Corporate Affairs Mr. Maham Dard said; “This house, where Quaid spent 16 years of his childhood and youth is a precious national monument that provides inspiration to all of us.
Zong 4G has launched this tour on the occasion of our 70th Independence Day so that people from all across Pakistan and the world can virtually visit the first home of the father of our homeland and experience the awe of this wonderful place themselves.”
* Wheat loses more ground on ample supply * Poor rating of U.S. crop to put floor under market * Soybeans little changed after 2 days of decline * Improved Argentine weather, weak U.S. exports weigh on soy (Adds comment, detail) By Naveen Thukral SINGAPORE, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Chicago wheat futures slid for a third session on Friday, with prices under pressure from bumper supplies and stiff competition in the export market. Soybeans were largely unchanged after closing lower for the last two sessions, weighed down as U.S. exporters struggle to sell beans and by expectations of improved weather in drought-hit Argentina. Concerns about adverse weather damaging the U.S. winter crop, which drove prices to multi-month high earlier his week, are likely to limit the downside in prices. But analysts say it is too early to get worried about the crop condition until snow melts in March or April. "We won't know about the yield prospects until the last of the snow melts," said Phin Ziebell, agribusiness economist at National Australia Bank. "Globally there is no worry about supplies as of now." For the week, the Chicago Board of Trade most-active wheat contract is up 2 percent, a third week of gains. It was trading down 0.2 percent at $4.50 a bushel by 0257 GMT. Soybeans are almost flat for the week, while corn gained 1.5 percent, on track for a third straight weekly rise. The soybean market is facing pressure from lacklustre demand for U.S. cargoes. U.S. soybean export sales fell to a seven-month low last week, according to government data released on Thursday, as stiff competition from rival exporter Brazil and concerns over lower U.S. crop quality dented demand from key buyers such as China. The poor weekly sales tally has raised concerns that overseas shipments could contract further than expected. Net U.S. soybean export sales last week totalled just 409,700 tonnes, well below trade expectations. Broker and consultancy INTL FCStone on Thursday raised its Brazilian soybean harvest forecast to 111.08 million tonnes, up about 1 million from its January outlook and above the USDA's latest estimate of 110 million tonnes. Net corn export sales of nearly 1.9 million tonnes last week topped trade expectations. {EXP/CORN] Commodity funds were net buyers of CBOT corn and wheat futures on Thursday and net sellers of soybeans, soymeal and soyoil, traders said. Grain prices at 0257 GMT Contract Last Change Pct chg Two-day chg MA 30 RSI CBOT wheat 450.00 -1.00 -0.22% -1.59% 431.07 68 CBOT corn 361.75 0.00 +0.00% +0.07% 352.61 73 CBOT soy 984.75 -0.25 -0.03% -1.55% 972.71 54 CBOT rice 12.37 -$0.04 -0.28% -0.32% $12.06 65 WTI crude 66.12 $0.32 +0.49% +2.15% $62.79 69 Currencies Euro/dlr $1.249 $0.007 +0.57% +0.77% USD/AUD 0.7999 -0.011 -1.36% -0.36% Most active contracts Wheat, corn and soy US cents/bushel. Rice: USD per hundredweight RSI 14, exponential (Reporting by Naveen Thukral; Editing by Joseph Radford)
The Nigerian Army operating under ‘Operation Lafiya Dole' in Borno and other north-eastern states has arrested one of the most-wanted Boko Haram insurgent in the state.
The politician was also arrested for abetting the top Boko Haram Commander, whose identity is yet to be revealed, in his house at 1000 housing estate along Maiduguri-Damaturu- Kano road, the Vanguard reports.
The report quoted sources living in the estate as saying the chairman's arrest was not surprising since many of the sect members have fled the Sambisa Forest where they lived for years while carrying out attacks.
The report describes that local government as about 40 kilometres drive from Maiduguri the state's capital.
The report quoted a neighbour of the politician as saying that soldiers and some security operatives stormed the house after an intelligence report that the top Boko Haram commander was with him.
The chairman and the Boko Haram commander are being detained in a military facility for investigation.
WWE News: Dave Meltzer says that Ric Flair vs. Ricky Steamboat house show matches in 1989 did a 10.25-star rating
Ric Flair and Ricky Steamboat had wrestled two house show matches on the same day in two different cities in 1989.
@desibrah by Dushyant Dubey News 15 Jun 2017, 11:41 IST
Ricky Steamboat and Ric Flair had a legendary rivalry
What's the story?
Minutes before releasing his match rating for Kenny Omega vs. Kazuchika Okada II, wrestling journalist Dave Meltzer of the Wrestling Observer Newsletter, took to Twitter and reminded his followers that the matches between Ric Flair and Ricky Steamboat at house shows in Landover and Philadelphia were rated 10.25 stars.
Meltzer's Tweet is as follows:
In 1989, Flair & Steamboat did 10.25 stars working an afternoon and evening show in Landover & Philly on house shows. — Dave Meltzer (@davemeltzerWON) June 15, 2017
The Tweet was followed by Meltzer releasing the ratings for the rematch between Kenny Omega and Kazuchika Okada, which he rated at 6.25 Stars.
In case you didn't know...
Dave Meltzer had given that first match between Kazuchika Okada and Kenny Omega that had taken place at Wrestle Kingdom 11 on 4th January 2017 a rating of 6 stars. The rating was the highest that Meltzer had officially given a match until that point in time.
The rematch between Okada and Omega, which happened at NJPW's Dominion 6.11 show on 11th June 2017 was subsequently rated even higher by Meltzer at 6.25.
The heart of the matter
Ricky Steamboat and Ric Flair, both WWE Hall of Famers, had a rivalry during their time with World Championship Wrestling (WCW). The two fought several matches during the majority of 1989 on tapings as well as house shows.
In that year, Meltzer rated all three official matches between Flair and Steamboat at 5 stars. The matches happened at Chi-Town Rumble, Clash of The Champions and WrestleWar.
However, in his Tweet, Meltzer is referring to two house show matches that Flair and Steamboat had faced off against each other in, in 1989. The matches had taken place on the same day of 18th March 1989, with one being in the afternoon and the other in the evening.
Also read: Birth of “The Dragon” Ricky Steamboat
The first match between Flair and Steamboat was held at the Capital Centre in Landover, Maryland, which Meltzer had, in the 3rd April edition of the Wrestling Observer Newsletter, referred to as being “significantly better” than their aforementioned Chi-Town Rumble match.
Since the Chi-Town Rumble match was rated 5 stars by Meltzer, he had suggested that the Landover match should be given a higher rating along the lines of 5.5 or 6. Meltzer's review of the match from the said edition of the Observer was as follows:
"Steamboat pinned Flair in 32 minutes of a match which blew the top off the five-star scale. This match was significantly better than their Chicago match and deserved something like 5½ to 6 stars as a fair grade. Those in the know were amazed at how good this match was, particularly when they realised they had another match later that night in Philadelphia (which wasn't as good, but was still a fantastic match)"
In the 27th March 1989 edition of the Wrestling Observer Newsletter, Meltzer had provided a review and rating for the second match that Flair and Steamboat had taken part in on the same day of 18th March 1989 at the Civic Center in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
He had given the match a 4 and ¾ star rating and was quoted as saying:
"Steamboat pinned Flair in just over 30 minutes with the same finish they are doing everywhere--Flair gets the pin using the ropes, Luger tells the ref what happens, Windham comes out, they start brawling and Steamboat gets a quick pin ****¾"
Therefore, as per Meltzer, the cumulative rating of the two house show matches that Flair and Steamboat had wrestled on the same day, one in the afternoon and one in the evening, in two separate cities (Landover, Maryland and Philadelphia, Pennsylvania) that were more than a hundred miles apart, was (5.5 + 4.75) 10.25.
Some people responding to Meltzer's Tweet mistakenly assumed that the matches were individually rated 10.25, which is false. Meltzer is referring to the combined rating of two separate matches that happened on the same day between the same opponents.
What's next?
It is to be expected that Dave Meltzer's 6.25-star rating of Kazuchika Okada and Kenny Omega's second encounter will be met with equal amounts of support as well as criticism. Meltzer's rating of the match is the highest that he has ever given to any one match, which makes it, in his opinion, the greatest of all time.
Author's take
Ric Flair and Ricky Steamboat were both absolute legends of professional wrestling and would certainly be on my Mount Rushmore of professional wrestling. The high ratings that Meltzer usually gave their encounters were all completely justified.
On the other hand, it is not too much of a far cry to say that the ratings of the Omega-Okada encounter are well justified as well. Wrestling is a craft, and like any other craft is subject to improvement and advancements. Professional wrestling today has evolved from what it once used to be and the matches between Okada and Omega are a testament to that.
Meltzer's rating scale has to be upgraded and extended if the quality of newer matches is significantly greater than the ones in the past, and it's the reason why he has done so. Fans of professional wrestling should be happy about the quality of wrestling that they're receiving, instead of being dissatisfied with an arbitrary rating scale.
Send us news tips at fightclub@sportskeeda.com
Feb 2 (Reuters) - JHL BIOTECH INC :
* Says it applied to stop shares' trading on Emerging Market
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/4Q5VjG
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
An El Nino Watch is being issued by the Climate Prediction Center, as conditions become favorable for the development of another round of Pacific Ocean warming.
Meteorologist Dennis Todey, director of the USDA's Midwest Climate Hub, based in Ames, says we'll likely feel the impact in a few months.
“We could see an El Nino occur probably into the fall, is what I would guess we're looking at,” Todey says. “There is a fairly decent pool of warm water in the subsurface in the equatorial Pacific. When you start seeing that and the computer models all line up I'd say, yeah, we're probably headed that way.”
Farmers across Iowa will need to take particular note as the weather pattern often shifts the region's climate. Todey says the impacts of the developing El Nino will be felt late this year into next.
“We have an increased chance of being warmer during the wintertime with El Nino,” he says. “The storm track moves up a little bit further north, you may have more mixed-precipitation-types of storms with the warmer temperatures than overall snowfalls.”
Todey says they are also watching the current warming trend across the Northern Plains.
“Even if you've got decent soil moisture, warmer temperatures start to extract more water from the soil because of higher atmospheric demand,” Todey says. “We're getting to that time of year where corn is starting to use more water anyway. That's a more immediate concern and then it becomes how much more precipitation are we really going to get, and that's been a tough call so far this year.”
Todey says a La Nina — or cooling of the ocean — ended last year and we've been in a neutral phase since then.
Thanks to Jerry Oster, WNAX, Yankton
Feb 2 (Reuters) - CME Group Inc:
* CME GROUP REACHED AVERAGE DAILY VOLUME OF 19 MILLION CONTRACTS IN JANUARY 2018, UP 18 PERCENT FROM JANUARY 2017
* CME GROUP - ‍JANUARY 2018 OPTIONS ADV REACHED 4.5 MILLION CONTRACTS, UP 32 PERCENT, WITH ELECTRONIC OPTIONS ADV OF 2.9 MILLION CONTRACTS, UP 54 PERCENT
* CME GROUP INC - ‍METALS VOLUME AVERAGED 763,000 CONTRACTS PER DAY IN JANUARY 2018, UP 45 PERCENT FROM JANUARY 2017​
* CME GROUP - ‍ENERGY VOLUME AVERAGED 3.1 MILLION CONTRACTS PER DAY IN JANUARY 2018, UP 22 PERCENT FROM JANUARY 2017​
* CME GROUP INC - ‍FOREIGN EXCHANGE VOLUME AVERAGED 1.1 MILLION CONTRACTS PER DAY IN JANUARY 2018, UP 19 PERCENT FROM JANUARY 2017​
* CME GROUP INC - JANUARY 2018 GOLD FUTURES AND OPTIONS ADV, UP 45 PERCENT TO 491,000 CONTRACTS
* CME GROUP INC - OPEN INTEREST AT END OF JANUARY 2018 WAS 124 MILLION CONTRACTS, UP 11 PERCENT FROM END OF JANUARY 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Spending your own money on health care might mean that you'll be more frugal with it. That's the theory behind health savings accounts, a decades-old GOP concept that's sparking renewed interest on Capitol Hill as Republican lawmakers look for ways to replace the Affordable Care Act.
HSAs are like personal savings accounts — with a difference. As with a retirement account, money put into an HSA can be invested, and any growth in the fund accumulates tax-free. Withdrawals can be made at any time, and they are tax-free, too — but the money can only be used to pay for certain medical expenses, such as health insurance deductibles, or for copays for hospital care or a visit to the doctor.
Currently, HSAs are only available to people who have high-deductible health plans, meaning they usually pay a few thousand dollars for medical care each year before their insurance kicks in to pay its share. While HSA participation is growing, only about 20 million people out of the 176 million who have health insurance participate in these savings accounts, according to a 2015 report by the Association of Health Insurance Plans.
Why don't more people who are eligible for HSAs have them? For one thing, not everyone has money to contribute upfront. But psychologists and behavioral economists point out that even many people who have the extra cash on hand confront big psychological barriers to saving.
"How we think and feel is directly tied to our ability to make 'good' financial decisions," says Alycia DeGraff, a board member and secretary of the Financial Therapy Association. DeGraff says when faced with financial decisions about the future, many people simply get stressed-out.
"These stressors can become so overwhelming that ... we can become debilitated and ignore the situation all together," she says. "Or we can practice any kind of defense mechanism — entitlement, suppression, overcompensation, isolation, etc. — to try and deal with [it]."
This may explain, at least in part, why middle-class Americans are pretty bad at saving money in general. Only about half of us have money in any sort of retirement account. And those of us who are parents have only saved, on average, enough to pay for about one year at an in-state college for our kids.
Saving money is hard. It means setting aside what we want now for something we think we'll want or need later. And we live in a culture that offers a lot of pretty, shiny, things to buy RIGHT NOW.
Plus, we all pretend we won't get old or sick.
"People are predictably irrational," says Dr. Mitesh Patel, especially when it comes to money. He's a behavioral economist, physician and assistant professor at the University of Pennsylvania's Perelman School of Medicine.
But many of us really hate to lose money, Patel says, which is what makes the concept of HSAs is so appealing.
For example he and his colleagues published a study last year in the Annals of Internal Medicine on what motivates people to lose weight, and found that the way a financial incentive was framed made all the difference.
The researchers observed three groups of people for 13 weeks. They told one group to walk 7,000 steps a day. About 30 percent of the group did so. Meanwhile, people assigned to the second group were told they'd be paid $1.40 every day they walked 7,000 steps. About 35 percent of the second group did so.
Here's the kicker: Each person in the third group was paid $42 upfront and was docked $1.40 each time they failed to meet their goal. Forty-five percent of that group met the assigned goal, Patel says. People hate to lose money.
Another way to encourage more saving might be to make HSAs operate more like the 401(k)s that required people who didn't want to participate to actively opt out of the plan — rather than requiring people who want to contribute to opt in. "This creates a path of the least resistance," Patel says.
Of course, setting up and overseeing such a plan would likely cost the government some money, he notes.
People with HSAs do use less health care than those without such plans, a recent study from the Employee Benefits Research Institute suggests. But it's unclear whether they actually improve their health. Prescription drug costs went down for people enrolled in HSAs in the EBRI study, but emergency room visits went up — particularly for lower-income families.
Then there's the issue of figuring out how much you, as an individual or a family, would need to save for health care — it's not easy to find out the average price for a medical test or procedure in your town, let alone how much that price varies from doctor to doctor or hospital to hospital.
"If you want to save for a house, you can pretty much figure out the math," Patel says. "But if you go to a doctor, they don't give you a menu for prices."
To really increase their health savings — or any savings — we'd all need to change our mindset, says Degraff, the financial therapist.
"People would have to first take a dose of reality and get real about their future selves," she says. Naturally, we thing our future selves will be "better, healthier, more financially secure," she adds. But, for many of us, health and income eventually decline with age. We need to save more now for later.
HSAs can be useful, Degraff notes, but only for those who have enough cash to pay their day-to-day expenses — plus a little left over.
"A lot of people don't even have a regular emergency fund savings," DeGraff says, "especially those that are already struggling to pay for health insurance."
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Richard Grant had 31 points and 14 rebounds to lead Penn State-York to an 80-70 win over Penn State-Scranton in a men's basketball game Friday.
Justin Arriola had 21 points and nine rebounds for Scranton (4-15). Jeff Griffin added 21 points and six rebounds and Tom Gonzales had 16 points and seven rebounds.
Women's basketball
Charizma Johnson scored 17 points to lead Penn State-York to a 72-66 win over Penn State-Scranton.
North Pocono graduate Monique Hicks had
18 points and nine rebounds for Scranton (1-14). North Pocono graduate Rachel Lewis added 17 points and Western Wayne graduate Jessica Berger had 13 points.
Contact the writer:
sports@timesshamrock.com;
570-348-9125
Views from Srinagar
Dr. Javid Iqbal
IN recent months, there have been many peace pronouncements across the subcontinental divide; however they stay short of being productive. Peace continues to elude despite an undercurrent of tiredness with how the status quo is shaping. The status quo translates to a state of no war, no peace. In spite of repeated ceasefire violations, India and Pakistan stay short of taking it to the very brink. Inside Kashmir, the volcanic state continues with violent tremors shaking the populace. The dance of death and destruction continues unabated. The Ramadhan ceasefire might have seen the state and armed groups hold fire, the violent episodes however continue. Jamia Masjid episode of last Friday provides a reminder that the stranglehold of violence continues its deathly grip. The tale of pellets and dead eyes is hardly over.
Peace pronouncements denoting a sense of unease with how the status quo is shaping up have been noted from the armed forces across the subcontinental divide. The pronouncements are from the highest levels of command, after a considerable period of hot talk and hot action. The hot talk heightened to a level of claiming surgical strike and denial of it from other side, with promise of massive retaliation if it takes shape. Indian cold start war doctrine with quick deployment of conventional forces was answered with potential use of tactical battlefield nuclear weapons to checkmate Indian edge in conventional warfare. India continues to accuse Pakistan of proxy war and cross border militancy, even while mounting evidence of locally bred militancy surfaced, predominantly from South Kashmir.
The hot talk on either side has receded, though exchange of fire continues. Pak CNC—Gen. Qamar Javed Bajwa has often struck the peace chord in recent months, it has been quite pronounced depicting an urge to give peace a chance. Indian CNC—Gen. Bipin Rawat long considered a hawk vis-à-vis Kashmir and whatever it involves has been frank in admitting a state of stalemate, wherein either the armed forces or militants may not be in a position to overcome the other. It is a huge admission. Militant groupings could hardly be expected to overcome a force much superior in numbers and arms. However, the very fact that Gen. Rawat admitted failure to overcome militancy indicates its deep rooting and the potential to multiply in a state of deep alienation. Rawat has virtually thrown the ball in politicians' court, though he may not have put it in many words. JK DG Police—Sheesh Pal Vaid has backed Rawat in calling for a political process.
Statements however remain statements, even though coming from the highest levels of command. The thread does not seem to have been picked up effectively by politicians, save the stray responses. Of late, the defence minister—Nirmala Sitharaman has talked of positive response to peace tunes from across the border. And, as I was shaping this column, home minister Raj Nath Singh has come up with a statement that some analysts pronounce as significant. As per news-reports, he has said that India is ready to talk to the Hurriyat Conference, if they wanted the dialogue. Further he is quoted as having said that, “There is no problem in any dialogue with Pakistan, it is our neighbour but Pakistan has to stop promoting terrorism first.'' Home Minister's statement might have addressed what is often called the internal and external dimension of ‘K' dispute by reaching out to Hurriyat, as well as Pakistan. The question however remains—is the reach enough to be productive?
Vi-a-vis the internal dimension—reaching out to Hurriyat, it is not the first time that Raj Nath Singh has said what he did say in a talk with Aaj-Tak TV channel during a programme held in New Delhi to mark four years of the Narendra Modi government, he has said it before. However, it has remained a reach evaporating in thin air. Hurriyat has not been publicly approached and invited for a dialogue, as it was by the Vajpayee regime and by Manmohan Singh as PM. Modi regime has stayed short of taking Hurriyat on board in the manner it adopted vis-à-vis Nagaland dissidents. And, it may be remembered that unlike Nagaland, Kashmir has an external dimension. Pakistan is a party to be dispute, even if India publicly claims sovereignty over JK State across LoC divide. Part of erstwhile JK State stays Pakistan administered. It is difficult to see Hurriyat coming on board, if Pakistan is ruled out of the equation by seeking an internal settlement of sorts.
While peace tune on either side of the divide is music for peaceniks, a political process cannot take off without preparing the diplomatic pitch. Peace pronouncements shall remain mere pronouncements, until diplomats are given the handle to do the needed groundwork. As it stands, there is no evidence of that. And, it may be noted that election year in Pakistan may not make it amenable for major diplomatic work. Indian elections follow some major ones in states and the national election in 2019. It has been suggested by some analysts that Modi may like to face the electorate by promoting peace constituency. The recent pronouncements by defence and home ministers might be taken as supportive evidence. It would however belie and negate the muscular militaristic image of four years of Modi regime, fed by hawkish Doval doctrine.
Whatever the peace pronouncements in recent times, peace might remain elusive in near future, though I would love to be proved wrong.
—Courtesy: Greater Kashmir
[Yaar Zinda, Sohbat Baqi [Reunion is subordinate to survival]
BALTIMORE (AP)  The son of Henrietta Lacks is seeking compensation for the unauthorized use of his mother's cells in scientific research since her 1951 death, as detailed in a best-selling book.
The Baltimore Sun reports (http://bsun.md/2kPOucp ) that Lawrence Lacks, his son and daughter-in-law say they plan to file a lawsuit against Johns Hopkins University in coming weeks.
Attorneys previously told the family the statute of limitations had passed, but attorney Francis Lanasa says he would use a "continuing tort" argument that Johns Hopkins continued to violate the "personal rights, privacy and body parts" of Henrietta Lacks over time.
Johns Hopkins officials say no established consent practice or regulations on cell use for research existed when the cells were taken.
Advertisement
The 2010 nonfiction book "The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks" focuses on Lacks' cell line, one of the most important in medical research.
Look in any direction on Canada's international trade landscape today, and you'll find a situation in barely controlled chaos — whether that's renegotiations on NAFTA, where the United States effectively holds all the cards, a new attempt at the Trans-Pacific Partnership, or a potential trade deal with China — talks that our prime minister has rather dramatically walked away from in recent weeks. There is plenty in play, and a lot at stake, for Canada. We live in a global economy, where strong trading relationships are essential, but too often our political leaders lock us into trade agreements that set our country back instead of bringing it forward. Across the country, ordinary folks and even mainstream economists are starting to recognize that we don't have to agree to bad trade deals, and that walking away from a deal that doesn't benefit Canadian workers, and the Canadian economy, isn't going to cause the sky to fall. NAFTA is the perfect example. Since the adoption of NAFTA, almost 25 years ago, Canada has become the most-sued government in the developed world. We've been sued almost 40 times under NAFTA's Chapter 11, dishing out close to $250 million in public money to private corporations. That's a serious assault on the public purse, but more importantly on the right of governments in Canada to exercise and uphold their own democratic decision-making. (The U.S., by contrast, has never been successfully sued under Chapter 11.)
Article Continued Below
NAFTA has also cost us countless manufacturing jobs and put public resources like water, and our environment, in serious jeopardy. During the negotiation of NAFTA, and in the years since, countless organizations and individuals raised the alarm about these very issues. While CUPE and groups like the Council of Canadians and Alternative for the Americas were calling for robust consultation, improved protections for workers, measures to address inequality, and the inclusion of environmental protections in trade agreements, our concerns were largely ignored in favour of more powerful corporate voices. Those that promote unfettered free trade tend to fearmonger about all-but-certain economic Armageddon when voices raise concerns about things like labour rights and environmental protection. And up until now, they have managed to drown out those voices.
The Pokémon Go craze has not disappeared into thin air as some may have assumed - in fact, a new feature called Raid Battles is attracting even more dedicated followers into its fold.
Bristol Children's Hospital appears to be one of the areas where these popular battles are taking place, with several groups of up to 20 trainers regularly taking part in raids there.
Groups of adults can often be seen crowding around the 18 metre-high circular rings sculpture outside the Children's hospital, playing the augmented reality game.
If you have seen them, you may also have seen the puzzled looks on the faces of passers-by who appear to be wondering what on earth they are up to.
The Lollypop Be-bop sculpture, as it is formally known, situated just outside the entrance to the hospital is a Pokémon Go gym which has been taken over by a Raid Boss called Arcanine.
Raid Battles is a new addition to the game and allows players to work together in public spaces to take down a powerful Pokémon and earn special items.
In recent weeks, some parents attending the hospital have shown some concern about the proximity of the gamers to the hospital entrance.
However, a University Hospitals Bristol NHS Foundation Trust spokesperson said: “We are not aware of any complaints but trust that visitors and patients who access the app near the hospital, will do so sensibly, respecting others' privacy and ensuring they play safely without causing harm to themselves or others.
“When Pokémon Go launched last year, we quickly became aware that the perimeter of the Bristol Royal Hospital for Children was a hotspot for players.
"At the time we welcomed the app's intentions to get people out and active in a statement issued to the Bristol Post," they added.
However, the gaming craze that took the world by storm last summer has been causing some concern of late since being linked to a long list of crimes.
Recent Freedom of Information request done by the Liberal Democrat party revealed how often Pokémon Go had been named in police reports since its launch in July 2016.
The data linked the popular application to a number of crimes including muggings, exposure and domestic violence and one worrying incident in Surrey where the game caused a 30-man brawl.
Former Lib Dem leader Tim Farron has called the statistics, collected from across the UK, "worrying".
Rescue workers assisted by Thai navy SEALs started teaching some members of a young soccer team and their coach how to swim and dive Wednesday, nearly two weeks after they became trapped in a cave in northern Thailand.
The boys, aged 11-16, and their 25-year-old coach, have been stranded deep inside the Tham Luang Nang Non cave in Thailand's Chiang Rai province for 12 days. They disappeared after they went exploring after a soccer game on June 23 and were found by rescue divers late Monday.
But risky conditions including volatile water levels, challenging terrain and heavy rains forecast for the weekend have complicated plans to safely extract them.
Some of the boys do not know how to swim and flooding in the caves means the boys would likely have to dive to be able to escape, which rescue experts have said could be extremely dangerous, especially for people with no experience of scuba gear.
Thai media reported that the boys have been practicing using dive masks and other equipment but have not yet tried them out in water.
"The water is very strong and space is narrow. Extracting the children takes a lot of people," Deputy Prime Minister Prawit Wongsuwan told reporters in Thailand on Wednesday. "Now we are teaching the children to swim and dive," he said.
He added that if the high water levels fell, the team would be taken out quickly.
The British divers who found the squad said it took three hours to reach them, as they faced fast-moving currents and had to pull themselves along cave walls.
The boys and their coach were trapped in the cave by a sudden influx of water.
Chiang Rai provincial Gov. Narongsak Osatanakorn, the Thai official overseeing the rescue operation, said Wednesday that "all 13 may not come out at the same time. If the condition is right and if that person is ready 100%, he can come out."
But Narongsak said rescue teams are still looking for other ways to rescue the boys, such as locating alternative routes into the cave's network of narrow passageways.
Some cave rescue experts have said it would be safer to keep the team supplied with essential food and medicine where they are for now and wait for the water levels to recede. However, that approach could take months, as Thailand's monsoon season usually lasts through October. It's also possible that conditions inside the cave could change. The boys were located taking shelter on a ledge surrounded by water more than a mile from the cave's main entrance, and about half a mile below the surface.
Still, the boys and their coach reported that they were in good health in a brief video released Wednesday on the Thai navy SEALs Facebook page.
The SEALs, including medics, are staying with the team inside the cave and the boys are mostly in a stable condition after having received high-protein drinks.
The one-minute video shows the team together with the SEALs inside the darkened cave. While the boys are visibly thin, they appear to be in good spirits as they introduce themselves one-by-one to the camera. In the video, as a light is shone on each boy's face they address the camera with head bowed and hands clasped together in a Thai prayer-like greeting known as "wai." A few of the boys appear to be wearing soccer jerseys from international teams. One of them resembles the one worn by the England soccer squad in its Tuesday night World Cup victory over Colombia in Moscow.
At one point in the video, the boys laugh in response to an apparent joke made by a member of the rescue team. Experts have said that looking after the boys' mental health will be key to ensuring they are able to safely take part in any rescue plan.
Thai authorities said they are working to install an Internet cable to the cave so that the parents of the boys can talk to their children. "It's like he has been given a new life," Kian Kamluang, whose 16-year-old son Pornchai is inside the cave, told the Associated Press. She said she'll never let her son go into a cave or near water again.
The longest time anyone has survived while trapped underground is 69 days, according to Guinness World Records. In that incident, all 33 Chilean miners — known as the "33 of San Jose" — made it safely back to the surface via a rescue capsule after they were trapped 2,257 ft below the surface after the collapse of a mine near Copiapo, Chile, in August 2010. The gold-copper mine collapsed after an earthquake.
© 2018 USATODAY.COM
After publicly announcing his decision last Thursday to leave Tennessee, redshirt junior linebacker Darrin Kirkland Jr. simply had a change of heart over the weekend.
On Tuesday, Vols first-year head coach Jeremy Pruitt confirmed that Kirkland had decided to remain in Knoxville, telling reporters in Destin, Fla., at the SEC Spring Meetings “he wants to finish what he's started.”
“I don't think Darrin was unhappy in any way, he just wanted to see if there were any possibilities of (somewhere else) he wanted to further his career, but he decided to stay at Tennessee,” Pruitt said.
The dramatic turn of events was certainly good news for the Vols, as Kirkland is expected to compete for a starting spot at inside linebacker this fall. The Indianapolis native was an All-SEC freshman selection in 2015 but has battled a slew of injuries in the last two years. Kirkland missed the entire 2017 season with a torn meniscus and was limited during spring practice with the same injury.
“Darrin's a smart guy. He's been through some tough injuries. To me, it's probably the good thing about the grad transfer rule that when a guy does graduate if he does want to move on then he can do that,” Pruitt explained.
“A lot of these guys this day and time when they graduate they kind of feel like they've fulfilled their obligation. This day and time you see a lot of folks moving from one school to the other … but he wants to finish what he's started.”
After news broke late Thursday evening, Kirkland and his family met with Pruitt over the weekend to discuss the linebacker's decision. Kirkland's move to remain with the Vols is yet another recruiting victory for Pruitt. Tennessee's first-year coach didn't offer many details on his conversations with Kirkland, though, simply saying, “There wasn't a whole lot to it. We met and talked and he's excited to stay at Tennessee.”
VOLS TO OPEN ON NATIONAL TV
The Jeremy Pruitt era of Tennessee football will officially get underway on national television as CBS has announced they will carry the Tennessee-West Virginia game kicking off at 3:30pm in Charlotte.
QUOTABLE
“What's interesting is I look around the room and I've got a bunch of friends in this profession that are sitting around the tables with me, but none of them has offered any help.”
— Jeremy Pruitt on being a first-year head coach in the SEC and not receiving any advice from his peers.
PRUITT IN FAVOR OF PROPOSED REDSHIRT RULE
Count Pruitt among the coaches who'd like to see the proposed legislation for the NCAA's redshirt rule enacted.
Currently, if a player participates in a single play of a season without injury then he has used a year of elibiglity. However, for the past two offseasons, college coaches have united around a proposal that would allow players to play in up to four games in a single year and still maintain a redshirt season.
During Tennessee's disastrous 2017 season, the Vols were forced to burn the redshirts on multiple young players late in the season due to a slew of injuries.
Will McBride lost a year of eligibility, as did Riley Locklear, Shanon Reid and others. Pruitt acknowledged as much Tuesday during the SEC Spring Meetings, saying, “With the limitations on how many guys you can sign, there's going to be certain times that people may get short on numbers if they have a lot of injuries at a certain position.
"So (the rule) would enable a guy, like this past year Riley Locklear, he had to play a few games because Tennessee was short on OL but he lost a year because he played in just three games.
Monday night at the Tribeca Film Festival belonged to lovers of Patti Smith. Bruce Springsteen was a surprise guest at the Beacon Theater as Smith tore through a short set following the world premiere of Steve Sebring's documentary “Horses: Patti Smith and her Band.”
The docu chronicles Smith's 2015 and 2016 tour marking the 40th anniversary of her landmark album “Horses.”
As soon as the film ended, the curtain rose on Smith and her ensemble, which included longtime collaborator Lenny Kaye. They delivered a rousing hour of tunes, including “Dancing Barefoot,” “Land,” “Gloria,” and the Buffalo Springfield chestnut “For What It's Worth.” She dedicated the latter song to the students at Marjory Stoneman Douglas high school in Parkland, Fla., who have become gun control activists in the wake of the mass shooting that left 17 dead in February.
“We are moving to a new time and I look at young people to lead us,” Smith said. “It is the people who make change. People, we have to make change now.”
Smith buttressed her point by holding up her electric guitar and declaring that the instrument “the weapon of choice for my generation.”
Toward the end, Smith told the crowd she had “one more person” to bring out. The theater exploded when Springsteen came out, ax in hand, to duet with Smith on their 1978 collaboration “Because the Night.” Springsteen stuck around for the closing song, “People Have the Power,” which also featured a guest appearance by REM frontman Michael Stipe.
Tenants are expected to begin moving into the Shoppes at Commerce Park in August at Lakewood Ranch. Skyline Chili would be one of the anchor tenants. James A. Jones Jr. jajones1@bradenton.com
Spoilers ahead for Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt Season 4 Part 1. Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt has lots of delightful cameos from the worlds of stage and screen. One of the performers that pops up in the Season 4 finale is from both. Who plays Kimmy's backpack on Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt? You've heard Stephanie D'Abruzzo's voice before, and she's basically the only choice for this role.
Are you surprised that Kimmy has imagined that her backpack is a muppet best friend that gives her an idea for a young adult fantasy novel? Like, of course she does. Her new imaginary friend is the perfect kind of magical realism for the show to incorporate.
However, Jan S. Port is not just a quirky gag, it's also a manifestation of Kimmy's immaturity and disconnect from the real world. The backpack wants her to keep having fun and going on adventures rather than be practical and grow up. "In the bunker I tried to escape reality," she says to Jan. "Now I need to face reality." The show doesn't back down from her past or forget that Kimmy is a trauma victim. Jan is essentially a coping mechanism — an imaginary friend invented to help her deal with being trapped.
And the actor who plays Kimmy's coping backpack is a talented performer with a background in musical theatre, television, Netflix in fact, and puppets! Here's where you've seen and heard D'Abruzzo over the years.
Avenue Q
Joseph Frazzetta on YouTube
In 2004, D'Abruzzo was nominated for a Tony Award for her portrayal of Kate Monster in the hit musical Avenue Q. The show, like Kimmy Schmidt, mixed adult themes and childhood tropes in the name of comedy. If you're not familiar with the show, go and look up "There's A Fine, Fine Line" as soon as possible — it's a heart wrenching break-up song you need in your life.
The Scrubs Musical
rickyroutes on YouTube
In the musical episode of Scrubs, hot off the popularity of Avenue Q, she played the patient whose infection caused everyone to break into song. She doesn't sing much in her role, really just the clip above and a few other moments, but she's integral to an iconic episode.
Sesame Street
gogator20 on YouTube
As an accomplished puppeteer, it's no surprise that D'Abruzzo is a regular on Sesame Street. She's in the R.E.M. video above, and plays characters including Curly Bear, Elizabeth, and Lulu. Recently, she even started playing Prairie Dawn.
D'Abruzzo's husband, Craig Shemin, is the current President of the Jim Henson Legacy and former staff writer. So they're a big muppet family, to say the least.
VH1's I Heart The '80s
StephanieDAbruzzo on YouTube
According to this sizzle reel from the artist's website, D'Abruzzo was a panelist on VH1's nostalgic pop culture series.
And Plenty Of Other Places
Philip Romano on YouTube
Theatre fans also know her from the Original Cast Recording of I Love You, Because, a gender-swapped musical adaptation of Pride and Prejudice. The performer also plays Peri on Julie's Greenroom, Umo on Oobi, and Jody on The Puzzle Place.
She has also done a lot of voiceover work, which you can find listed on her website. Her resume includes animated cartoons, educational videos, and commercials for everything from Chase Bank to McDonald's and the New York Botanical Gardens.
So basically, if you need someone to operate a puppet and perform some lowkey dark material with a sunny voice, D'Abruzzo is the perfect person to call. It's no surprise at all that she's on Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt — in fact, she already lent her voice to a Season 2 episode.
At the end of the Season 4 finale, Kimmy ends up keeping her backpack to continue working on her young adult fantasy book series. Hopefully the Jan will return in the second half of the final season, and maybe even get a musical number.
Monday, August 14, 2017 at 6:48 pm |
(The Washington Post) - After the weekend of unrest in Virginia, police officers in two separate states are under investigation over social media posts that allegedly mocked the violence at to Unite the Right rally in Charlottesville.
Officers with the Shively Police Department in Kentucky and Springfield Police Department in Massachusetts allegedly made fun of a fatal car crash that occurred during a rally Saturday in which hundreds of white nationalists, neo-Nazis and Ku Klux Klan members clashed with counter-protesters. Heather D. Heyer, 32, of Charlottesville was killed and many others were wounded in the attack.
In Massachusetts, Springfield Police Commissioner John Barbieri said he received a complaint Sunday about a social media comment reportedly made by a Springfield police officer.
Police confirmed to The Washington Post that Officer Lariviere has been reassigned during the investigation.
“If, in fact, this post did originate from an officer employed with the Springfield Police Department,” the police commissioner said, “this matter will be reviewed by the Community Police Hearings Board for further action.”
“Unbelievable!” Springfield Mayor Domenic Sarno said Sunday in a statement. “There is no place for this in our society, let alone from a Springfield Police Officer.”
In Kentucky, Shively Police Lt. Col. Josh Myers told The Post that Officer Morris Rinehardt has been placed on administrative leave during an investigation into a meme posted on social media.
The Courier-Journal reported that Rinehardt posted a meme over the weekend depicting the damaged vehicle. It apparently read: “When you were born a Challenger but identify as a Ram.”
Phone numbers listed for both officers did not appear to be current.
But in a social media conversation with MassLive, Lariviere, with the Massachusetts police department, apologized for “a stupid comment about people blocking streets.”
“Never would I want someone to get murdered. I am not a racist and don't believe in what any of those protesters are doing,” he told the news site. “I'm a good man who made a stupid comment and would just like to be left alone.”
Sarno, the Springfield mayor, said that the officer's actions were not a “reflection of our men and women in blue, who serve with honor, courage and compassion.”
“If these individuals do not learn from, understand and represent the meaning of mutual respect, my strong suggestion would be a different career path,” the mayor said in a statement. “I stand by and commend Commissioner John Barbieri's steps for a thorough internal investigation and review by our Community Police Hearing Board to pursue the appropriate discipline against said officer.”
How far would you go to speak your truth? The Soviet poet Anna Akhmatova went up against Joseph Stalin himself. She refused the secret services' pressure to turn her mystical poetry into state propaganda, and instead detailed the harsh reality of life under Stalin's regime. For Akhmatova, the cost of speaking truth to power cost her almost everything — and everyone — she held dear. The only thing Stalin couldn't take away was her deep commitment to both her country and her art, and her determination that her poetry survive a dictator determined to snuff out her vivid descriptions of life during the Great Terror.
Before all that, before the revolution and resistance, Akhmatova was born into Russia's glittering fin de siècle era. She was descended from aristocrats (and, according to family lore, Genghis Khan), and she lived a life of comfort and privilege, on the fringes of the upper echelon of Russian society. Her verses were unabashedly feminine and mystical, focusing on love, nature, and a material world packed with candles, rings, and minute objects onto which she projected her ample emotional landscape. Even early into her career, Akhmatova's unique style garnered slews of female imitators across Russia.
Part of what set Akhmatova apart as a writer was that even as a teenager she ran in influential circles of thinkers and artists who were transforming European attitudes towards poetry. Symbolism, a school of thought which suggested artists were merely conduits for divine inspiration, was falling out of fashion in Russia. Instead, Akhmatova and her contemporaries were on the forefront of a new movement called Acmeism.
Like the Arts and Crafts movement that was changing architecture and design, Acmeism promoted the idea of poetry and visual art not as a bolt out of the blue, but the product of skilled, intentional work. Akhmatova and her contemporaries found the mystical in everyday experiences and a person's private emotional landscape, rather than the other way around. You can get a good sense of her early work from the poem “He Did Love”
He did love three things in this world:/ Choir chants at vespers, albino peacocks,/And worn, weathered maps of America./And he did not love children crying,/ Or tea served with raspberries,/ Or woman's hysteria..../ And I was his wife.
Intellectual life wasn't the only thing that was rapidly changing in Russia. Akhmatova came of age just before the Russian Revolution, and as a young woman saw the sudden, seismic decay of the world in which she'd been raised. “After the Second World War in the West we became very skeptical about ethics,” Ellen Hinsey tells Bustle. Hinsey, the co-author of the new book, Magnetic North: Conversations with Tomas Venclova, about a contemporary of Akhmatova's, adds that after the war, ethics were “viewed as something old-fashioned or hypocritical." "But this turned out to be very dangerous," she says.
Magnetic North: Conversations with Tomas Venclova by Tomas Venclova and Ellen Hinsey, $24.95, Amazon
Gone was the bohemian environment in which she had met her first husband and embarked on a modern, open marriage rife with affairs and creative partnership. Many of Akhmatova's fellow Acmeists fled the country, but Akhmatova — now divorced and a mother — insisted she stay in her homeland. Her poetry had always reflected a strong connection to Russia and its history, and this sensibility didn't change even amidst the country's civil war. If anything, Russia's troubles intensified Akhmatova's loyalty.
Still, her circumstances under Stalin were a far cry from the fashionable lifestyle of the Black Sea summer homes and St. Petersburg suburbs that had defined her girlhood. The poet and her second husband found themselves scraping by in a crumbling old palace turned into apartments by the new regime.
Still, the squalid conditions she was reduced to be a step up from the crammed communal apartments where many Russian families found themselves. Bread lines were the new normal, as was the knowledge that your neighbors were probably spying on you— the consequences of which could be a visit from the secret police and at one-way trip to Siberia.
Akhmatova's fame and popularity had afforded her some leeway after the revolution. Now, however, there was significant pressure to produce patriotic poetry in line with Stalinist values. Unfortunately for the new regime, Akhmatova was unshakably committed to her own ethical true north.
As Tomas Venclova writes about Akhmatova in Magentic North: "It was a poetic as well as an ethical legacy: namely, loyalty to one's friends, stubborn yet calm resistance to the violence of the State...in short, she stood for a hierarchy of values: good and evil had to be called by their names, period."
Unfortunately for the new regime, they had no idea just how anti-revolutionary Akhmatova could get, and they would soon regret giving her the idea of getting political. Akhmatova's writing shifted from mystical Acmeist love poems to a unflinching portrayal of everyday life post-revolution. And that was when she began to bump heads with Joseph Stalin.
Akhmatova: Poems by Anna Akhmatova, $12.58, Amazon
The regime wiretapped Akhmatova's apartment, arrested and assassinated her friends and family, and sent her son to the gulag. Her first husband was ultimately executed by Bolshevik secret police. Her second husband, Nikolai Punin, met a similar fate after a series of arrests and imprisonments throughout Stalin's Terror and eventually died in the 1950s in a gulag in Vorkuta. Her son Lev alone survived almost twenty years in various prison labor camps, including one final decade-long sentence. He went on to become a prominent historian and geographer during the Peristroika years after Stalin's death.
Akhmatova herself was reduced to poverty and escaped arrest only because Stalin never signed the paperwork. Despite the constant surveillance and threats of arrest and execution, she kept writing. Her friends helped her keep her work alive— through a kind of whisper network, they preserved one another's poems by memorizing lines and stanzas before they burnt the original copies. One of Akhmatova's most famous poems, "Requiem," was written this way:
During the frightening years of the Yezhov terror,
I spent seventeen months waiting in prison queues in Leningrad.
One day, somehow, someone 'picked me out'.
On that occasion there was a woman standing behind me,
her lips blue with cold, who, of course, had never in
her life heard my name. Jolted out of the torpor
characteristic of all of us, she said into my ear
(everyone whispered there) - 'Could one ever describe
this?' And I answered - 'I can.' It was then that
something like a smile slid across what had previously
been just a face.
Despite the pressure the government put on her, Akhmatova and her work survived Stalin's brutal regime. Not only that, she outlived the dictator himself by a decade, passing away in 1965. In between the Terror and her death, Akhmatova went on to receive accolades for her commitment to Russia and description of what its people had experienced. She was able to travel once more throughout Europe, to visit her old friends who had survived, and see her work celebrated.
“It is precisely people of Akhmatova's generation,” Hinsey tells Bustle, “who experienced the absence of rule of law and ethical collapse most intimately, who can give us the most insight into the necessity and the power of combating falsehoods and bearing witness to truth.”
Akhmatova's poems, and her own will to live and write, came to symbolize not only her country, but Russian resistance itself. “In our current climate of attacks on the democratic system, Akhmatova is an example of how it is possible to resist, to live with dignity, and to not lose hope even if the path is long and arduous,” says Hinsey.
She adds: “We are confronting the fact that to renew the integrity of our societies and to uphold justice it is going to take time, courage and endurance. Akhmatova is an example of how, even under the most extreme of conditions, this is possible.”
A hundred years ago, Akhmatova's early mystical poems had scores of young female imitators. Yet it is her political writing that feels the most relevant today, and which still has much to teach us about speaking truth to power. Perhaps a new generation can find inspiration in her political writing too, and find strength in the example Akhmatova set with not only her grit, but her commitment to speaking, and living, out loud.
Brokers trade at their computer terminals at a stock brokerage firm in Mumbai January 15, 2015.
(Reuters) - The NSE Nifty posted its biggest daily gain in more than a month, recovering from a five-day losing streak, as investors saw those losses as overdone and as global markets gained amid dampened prospects of a U.S. rate hike this year.
The broader Nifty ended 0.86 percent higher at 9,794.15, its biggest one-day percentage gain since July 10.
The benchmark BSE Sensex closed up 0.75 percent at 31,449.03, its biggest gain since July 19.
Matt Mika (Photo: Tyson Foods)
Washington — Lobbyist Matt Mika, an Oakland County native, was in critical condition after being shot multiple times by a gunman early Wednesday while volunteering during practice in northern Virginia for the annual congressional baseball game, his family said.
Family members, who are traveling now from Michigan to Washington, were informed by paramedics on the scene of Mika's condition. He is currently in surgery at an area hospital.
“Baseball is one of his great passions, and he has always loved the Congressional team,” the family said in a statement.
Mika, who previously worked on Capitol Hill for two Michigan congressmen, is the director of government relations in the Washington office of Tyson Foods, where he has worked for six years, according to the company.
Company spokesman Derek Burleson said by email: “We're deeply concerned about him and his family.”
Mika was shot in the chest, according to Dan Harder, legislative director for U.S. Rep. Mike Bishop, R-Rochester. Harder was helping out at Wednesday's practice.
Bishop and Reps. Jack Bergman of Watersmeet and John Moolenaar of Midland were also at the baseball practice and were uninjured. Republican Rep. Steve Scalise of Louisiana, the only lawmaker shot, was in critical condition Wednesday afternoon at MedStar Washington Hospital, according to a hospital statement.
President Donald Trump said Wednesday the shooter, an Illinois man named James. T. Hodgkinson, was taken into custody but has since died of his injuries. Two Capitol Police officers were also injured in the shooting incident and a congressional staffer.
Heather Beers Mitchell said she grew up in Southfield with Mika and lived just one block from his family. They attended Southfield Lathrup High School together, Mitchell said.
Mika, she said, is "brilliant as they come" and earned good grades and was a standout baseball player in school.
"He is very friendly and never saw a stranger growing up," Mitchell told The Detroit News. "(He) included everyone, no matter age, in the neighborhood. Matthew was one we knew would succeed in life."
Another childhood friend, Dorne Adams, said Mika was a big sports fan and good at baseball.
"He was a leader on the field," Adams said. "I'm sure he got hit because he was concerned about everyone else's safety."
Mika played baseball at Adrian College, from which he graduated in 2001 with a degree in criminal justice and political science. He later earned a master's in public administration and public policy from Western Michigan University in 2004, according to his LinkedIn profile.
Mika went on to work for now-former state Rep. David Palsrok of Manistee, serving as his campaign manager in 2004, and later becoming his legislative assistant.
Mika worked on the Hill starting in 2005 for U.S. Rep. Dave Camp of Midland, as a legislative assistant and then for Rep. Tim Walberg of Tipton, as a senior legislative assistant.
Walberg on Wednesday said Mika has remained a close friend.
“This is deeply personal and Sue and I are praying for Matt as he receives medical attention,” he said in a statement.
Staff writer Nicquel Terry contributed.
mburke@detroitnews.com
(202) 662-8736
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2tmFYD5
The Wi-Fi Alliance has a new standard for Wi-Fi security and it will bring plenty of new features that make your data safer while using public or private Wi-Fi. It's great when anything makes our data safer and WPA3 also happens to be a pretty significant step for wireless security in general.
We recently saw the details for WPA3 finalized, and that means manufacturers can now start properly supporting it in new products as well as look into updating older ones. We won't be able to benefit from it right away, but it's definitely something to look forward to!
What is WPA?
WPA stands for Wi-Fi Protected Access. Think of WPA as a set of rules designed to protect your Wi-Fi router, all the things that use it to connect to that router, and all the traffic that's sent through those devices. How it works is one of the instances where two devices don't need to know any "secret" details of the other because a middle layer can communicate with each.
If you have a password on your Wi-Fi at home, you're probably using WPA to secure the network.
If you're using WPA, your router login is protected by a passphrase and the data you send to it and receive from it are encrypted. WPA is the service that looks at what you used as the password on your phone or laptop when you tried to log into a Wi-Fi router, compares it to the password the router requires, and if they match it connects you and handles data decryption. Security in layers like this (the password you use is also not really the password and only generates a token that the router can check for validity) means no important information is sent in plain text. In this case, that important information would be your Wi-Fi network password.
Almost every one of us is using WPA on Wi-Fi at home or in public right now. WPA2 is the current standard. It came about in 2004 and was a big improvement over what we used prior, but like all things, it's beginning to show its age. WPA3 addresses most of the areas where WPA2 needs to be updated.
Changes in WPA3
There are some pretty sizable changes coming with WPA3, and they all are the good kind of changes. We love it when that happens!
Your password will be a lot harder to crack. With WPA2 someone can grab data you send and receive from a Wi-Fi network then try to decrypt it by using a brute-force attack (guessing over and over and over until they get it right) on your password. With WPA3 every password guess will need to be authenticated live, in real time, by the router you're trying to connect with.
With WPA2 someone can grab data you send and receive from a Wi-Fi network then try to decrypt it by using a brute-force attack (guessing over and over and over until they get it right) on your password. With WPA3 every password guess will need to be authenticated live, in real time, by the router you're trying to connect with. Connecting IoT (Internet of Things) devices will be easier than ever. Ever try to set up a device without a screen? It usually involves using your phone with a direct connection, then interacting through the phone with the thing you're trying to get connected, and finally entering the network details so they are written to whatever it is you want to be connected to your Wi-Fi. WPA3 has what's called "Wi-Fi Easy Connect" that will let you do it by scanning a QR code with a phone on the same network. It's like Wi-Fi Protected Setup but without all the security vulnerabilities and it will actually work.
Ever try to set up a device without a screen? It usually involves using your phone with a direct connection, then interacting through the phone with the thing you're trying to get connected, and finally entering the network details so they are written to whatever it is you want to be connected to your Wi-Fi. WPA3 has what's called "Wi-Fi Easy Connect" that will let you do it by scanning a QR code with a phone on the same network. It's like Wi-Fi Protected Setup but without all the security vulnerabilities and it will actually work. Data captured without knowing your password is useless even if someone gets that password later. Forward secrecy is a new feature that means data collected and saved isn't able to be decrypted later. This makes saving data from a connection an attacker can't hijack is useless. Attackers won't be bothered to save useless things.
Forward secrecy is a new feature that means data collected and saved isn't able to be decrypted later. This makes saving data from a connection an attacker can't hijack is useless. Attackers won't be bothered to save useless things. Public hotspots will be a lot more secure. WPA3 means even open connections will encrypt data between you and the access point. This is huge. Right now, with WPA2, if you go somewhere with an open Wi-Fi access point (one where you don't need a password) the data between you and the access point isn't encrypted. This is how someone can see what you post on Facebook (as well as your name and password when you sign in) if you're using Wi-Fi at McDonald's. You won't believe how incredibly easy it is to do, which is why it desperately needed some sort of fix. Encrypting that traffic is the best fix anyone could have asked for.
WPA3 means even open connections will encrypt data between you and the access point. This is huge. Right now, with WPA2, if you go somewhere with an open Wi-Fi access point (one where you don't need a password) the data between you and the access point isn't encrypted. This is how someone can see what you post on Facebook (as well as your name and password when you sign in) if you're using Wi-Fi at McDonald's. You won't believe how incredibly easy it is to do, which is why it desperately needed some sort of fix. Encrypting that traffic is the best fix anyone could have asked for. Stronger encryption for Enterprise-grade Wi-Fi. WPA3 Personal mode will use 128-bit encryption by default. WPA3 Enterprise mode will use 192-bit encryption by default and PSK (the Pre-Shared Key system) is replaced with SAE (Simultaneous Authentication of Equals). If you don't know what any of that means don't feel bad about it, most people who aren't Enterprise IT Professionals don't because they have no need.
A Pre-Shared Key system is where two things use the same credentials to connect with each other (like a password). Those credentials had to have been shared with two or more people/things manually before you tried to use them to authenticate. Simultaneous Authentication of Equals is a system where a pre-shared key and the MAC addresses of both things that want to connect are used to authenticate based on the calculation of finite cyclic groups. That's a big math nerd thing about calculations that even normal math nerds don't understand. I told you we didn't need to know these two things.
WPA3 Personal mode will use 128-bit encryption by default. WPA3 Enterprise mode will use 192-bit encryption by default and PSK (the Pre-Shared Key system) is replaced with SAE (Simultaneous Authentication of Equals). If you don't know what any of that means don't feel bad about it, most people who aren't Enterprise IT Professionals don't because they have no need.
When can I use WPA3?
Not any time soon.
The companies who is a manufacturer things that use Wi-Fi, like a router or your phone or a fancy alarm clock, are working on building it into their products. That means their new products — the ones we can buy next year in 2019.
Optimists say WPA3 will be widespread in 2019.
The Wi-Fi Alliance says to expect late 2019 to be when there is a significant adoption of WPA3. I expect it to be much, much later but think we will be able to buy WPA3 products and build a network in Spring 2019.
We know "smarter" devices like your phone will be compatible but are only guessing when it comes to smart plugs or garage door openers because of how they are set up. There could be some fun times getting WPA2 IoT devices connected to a newer WPA3 capable router, even though it is backward compatible.
We'll know more once we start to see products show up at Amazon.
Will my phone be updated to work with WPA3?
Iranian army showcases its military equipment (PHOTO)
2017-04-18 11:53 | www.trend.az | 1
Baku, Azerbaijan, Apr. 18
By Khalid Kazimov – Trend:
Iranian army has showcased its equipment and arms on the occasion of the national army day in the country.
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani and high-ranking military commanders attended the ceremony in capital Tehran, Tasnim news agency reported.
Missile systems as well as air defense missile systems including the S-300 and man-portable air-defense systems, artillery guns, Akhgar machine gun, Shaher sniper rifle, tanks and armored personnel carriers and also rocket launcher vehicles were among arms showcased on April 18.
Political stability to be backbone of future sustainable growth in Pakistan: experts
Beijing
The China-Pakistan Economic Corridor (CPEC) has developed faster than expected, but political stability in Pakistan will be the backbone of future sustainable growth, experts said Wednesday. The recent inauguration of a superhighway project under the CPEC will improve regional connectivity, which will be a positive outcome of the multi-billion-dollar project, Zhou Rong, a senior research fellow at the Chongyang Institute for Financial Studies at the Renmin University of China, told the Global Times.
“The development of the CPEC is getting better and better, as improved infrastructure will help link upstream and downstream businesses,” he said. Pakistani Prime Minister Shahid Khaqan Abbasi on last week inaugurated the Sharqpur-Rajana section of the Lahore-Abdul Hakeem Motorway, or M-3, in Rajana Town near the textile city of Faisalabad in eastern Punjab province, according to the Xinhua News Agency. The 138-kilometer section is a vital part of the 230-kilometer M-3, which is being funded by the Pakistani government and built by China Railway 20th Bureau Group.
“Besides the motorway project, other projects – for example, some power plants – have already begun to deliver benefits to local people,” Zhou said. He noted that China-backed energy projects had resolved electricity shortages in major industrial cities, which also made those areas much more competitive than previously.
The Pakistan Neelum-Jhelum project, one of the most significant hydropower stations in Pakistan, saw its first turbine generator, which is designed to generate 243,000 kilowatts, officially start supplying electricity to the national grid, according to Beijing-based Economic Daily. Construction work on the project began in 2008, with China Gezhouba Group Co as the major contractor.
“In the past few years, investors from both China and Pakistan got too excited about the CPEC, and they overlooked the problems with the Pakistan economy,” Mei Xinyu, a research fellow at the Chinese Academy of International Trade and Economic Cooperation, told the Global Times. “Now, they need to carefully assess potential risks in some projects, and Pakistan's ability to repay its debts,” Mei warned. In the first 10 months of the fiscal year 2017-18 which ends on June 30, Pakistan's government borrowed $9.6 billion from foreign countries. Of that, loans from China stood at $1.5 billion.
Pakistan expects to obtain new Chinese loans worth $1 billion to $2 billion to help it avert a balance-of-payments crisis. On May 24, China increased the size of a currency swap agreement with the South Asian country by 10 billion yuan ($1.57 billion) to 20 billion yuan. “Political instability and widespread corruption are still serious issues in Pakistan, and it is crucial to strike a balance between political strategy and business profitability,” said Wang Yiwei, director of the Institute of International Affairs at the Renmin University of China.”Still, the CPEC can be an example of regional growth and stability,” he noted.
As Pakistan's general election which will take place in July nears, the international community is keeping a close watch. The results may affect the continuity of policies, Zhou noted. “More importantly, the country has to push forward construction of industrial parks under the CPEC, which can be a driving force for attracting clusters of industries,” he said.—APP
By The Associated Press
FREETOWN, Sierra Leone (AP) — Authorities in Sierra Leone say at least 21 people are dead amid heavy flooding.
Storms swept through the capital of Freetown early Monday, flooding downtown streets and creating mudslides in hilly areas.
Sierra Leone's national television broadcaster interrupted regular programming to show scenes of people digging through mud to retrieve the dead bodies of loved ones.
Officials said military personnel have been deployed to help in the rescue operation currently ongoing.
Deputy Information Minister Cornelius Deveaux said officials are still trying to compile casualty figures.
Many of the impoverished areas of Sierra Leone's capital are close to sea level and have poor drainage systems, exacerbating flooding during this West African country's rainy season.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
What We're Following ~ Stories of interest from around the Web
Search for: Archives Select Month January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006
What We're Following ~ Stories of interest from around the Web
Search for: Archives Select Month August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006
The trademarks, filed in Europe and Canada, are filed under the tantalizing name of “SQ8” in the vehicle and conveyance classification. The European application is currently pending, but does indicate that Audi is making good on its promise to make the Q8 sporty.
The Q8 is Audi's new halo SUV, designed to wed the lines of a coupe to a high-riding SUV body. Although the sporty SUV has been in the works since at least 2015, the concept version was first shown at the Detroit Auto Show early this year...
The 2017 Detroit Auto Show photo galleries are sponsored by Lexus.
Detroit Auto Show
On Saturday, March 10th, the Temple of Fine Arts presented the 3rd session of its Kaleidoscope series. This series, the brainchild of their Head...
When Vanderpump Rules premiered, its original premise was centered around a group of friends with entertainment aspirations who all worked at the same restaurant. Throughout the years, the cast members have become professional reality stars and no longer "need" to pursue acting or music. Before reality TV stardom, though, Vanderpump Rules stars appeared in TV shows and movies aside from the show that made them famous. It's pretty ironic that a show that started out with almost every cast member wanting to be a model or actor ended up creating stars who are very well-known just for being themselves.
Considering that Vanderpump Rules is a spinoff of Lisa Vanderpump's other TV show, The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills, it would be expected that most of the cast members have showed up in the background at Lisa's dinner parties and other events as servers and bartenders, but RHOBH isn't the only show on their resumes.
Vanderpump Rules stars appeared in major movies, popular reality TV shows, scripted shows, and music videos before Bravo viewers got to know them as waiters and bartenders at SUR. A lot of these are shows and movies that Vanderpump Rules fans have probably seen, but either they didn't know the Pump Rules cast members at the time or the cast members weren't front and center in the lead role.
Jax Taylor According to an article from Decider, Jax Taylor was an extra on The O.C.. The man formerly known as Jason Cauchi appeared on Season 4, Episode 8 of the cult classic, where he danced with an older woman at an event for "cougars" and young men. In 2009, Jax was on Desperate Housewives playing "Hot Guy 2 in Dance Club" according to his IMDb page. Jax confirmed this on Twitter in response to a fan who sent him a screen shot from the episode.
Katie Maloney confirmed that she was in the movie He's Just Not That Into You in a tweet to a fan. Katie nods her head during a montage at the beginning of the movie and she discussed that quick scene during an interview with Bravo's The Daily Dish. Katie joked, "I gave a really good performance; what can I say?"
Scheana Marie Tom Sandoval is not the only Vanderpump Rules cast member who appeared on The Hills. In an interview with The Daily Dish, Scheana revealed, "Stacie 'the bartender' is one of my best friends." And yes, Stacie Hall better known as "Stacie the bartender" has actually appeared on Vanderpump Rules, as well. Scheana shared, "She was in my wedding. Definitely don't have pics from it. I had bangs and a double chin, lol. Barely recognizable! I try to not draw attention to me on that because I looked so bad! It was fun. I only shot a couple times with them, but it was completely scripted. We knew the scene before we filmed it. So fake, but still fun!" Scheana may not have pics from The Hills, but Twitter sure does. Twitter users also spotted Scheana on an episode of Victorious which aired on Nickelodeon in 2011. In 2010, Scheana tweeted, "Finishing my first episode of 90210 tonight!" Years later, Vanderpump Rules fans spotted Scheana's appearance on 90210 and tweeted about it, of course. Before all of that, Scheana appeared on an episode of Greek in 2007.
Stassi Schroeder Vanderpump Rules isn't the first reality TV show that Stassi Schroeder has appeared on. Teenage Stassi (before she went blonde and got a chin implant) appeared on The Amazing Race with her family back in 2005. Amazing Race focused on a few families and Stassi wasn't front and center, but that changed when Stassi appeared on the show Queen Bees in 2008. The show takes a group of "queen bees" nominated by friends and family members who think that they need to change their ways.
SEOUL/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States and South Korea will resume joint military drills next month, Seoul and Washington said on Tuesday, exercises that will go ahead despite U.S. President Donald Trump's planned meeting with North Korean leader Kim Jong-un.
A U.S. Air Force F-16 fighter jet lands at the Osan U.S. Air Base in Pyeongtaek, South Korea, March 20, 2018. Yonhap via REUTERS
Seoul and Washington said in January they would delay the annual exercises until after the Winter Olympics and Paralympics held in South Korea last month, helping to create conditions for a resumption of talks between South and North Korea.
The reclusive North routinely denounces the drills as preparation for war.
The Foal Eagle field exercise is scheduled to begin on April 1 and go on for a month, while the computer-simulated Key Resolve will be held for two weeks starting in mid-April, a South Korean military official told reporters in Seoul on Tuesday.
There has been a flurry of diplomatic activity across Asia, the United States and Europe since the North sent delegations to the Winter Olympics, moves that culminated in North Korea's planned summits with the South and with the United States.
The South Korean and U.S. militaries usually stage the two drills in March for about two months but the period of this year's field exercise was cut by half, mainly due to the Olympics, said the South Korean official, who asked not to be identified.
The exercises will be of a “scale similar to that of the previous years” and are meant “to improve our readiness against various North Korean threats”, the official said.
North Korea is pursuing nuclear and missile programmes in defiance of U.N. Security Council sanctions and has made no secret of its plans to develop a missile capable of reaching the U.S. mainland.
Such plans, and the exchange of insults between Kim and Trump, had led to increased fears of confrontation on the Korean peninsula in recent months before the diplomatic contacts. China, North Korea's main ally, says it is happy to see an easing of tensions.
‘DEFENCE-ORIENTED'
The Pentagon said the North Korean military had been notified about the schedule for the drills by the United Nations Command.
A U.S. Air Force F-16 fighter jet lands at the Osan U.S. Air Base in Pyeongtaek, South Korea, March 20, 2018. Yonhap via REUTERS
“Our combined exercises are defence-oriented and there is no reason for North Korea to view them as a provocation,” Pentagon spokesman Lieutenant Colonel Christopher Logan said in a statement.
The South Korean official said consultations were underway over whether U.S. strategic assets such as nuclear-powered aircraft carriers or bombers would be deployed for the drills.
Logan said the two joint drills would involve about 23,700 U.S. troops and 300,000 South Korean forces.
He said they were not in response to any specific North Korean actions or the current situation on the Korean peninsula.
The Key Resolve simulated exercises would likely overlap with a summit between the two Koreas, planned for late April, the South Korean official said.
After the postponement of the drills was announced in January, Pyongyang agreed to hold the first official talks with Seoul in more than two years and then sent athletes and officials to the Winter Olympics.
Those talks led to a visit this month by a South Korean delegation to Pyongyang for a meeting with the North Korean leader. Delegation leader Chung Eui-yong, South Korea's national security adviser, said Kim committed to denuclearisation and expressed eagerness to meet Trump as soon as possible, an offer the U.S. president quickly accepted.
Chung said Kim was expected to meet South Korean President Moon Jae-in in April before meeting Trump by the end of May.
The two Koreas held working-level talks on Tuesday at the border village of Panmunjom over Seoul's plan to send an artistic troupe for a concert in Pyongyang.
Despite the North's denunciation of past drills, Chung said Kim understood that the allies must continue their “routine” joint military exercises.
Pyongyang has not confirmed the exchange and threatened earlier this month to take “counteraction” if the United States and South Korea went ahead with the exercises.
The joint drills ran from March 1-April 30 in 2017 and included the USS Carl Vinson aircraft carrier. A U.S. official, speaking on condition of anonymity, said no U.S. aircraft carriers would take part this year, which he said was according to plan and not related to the political situation.
Beijing
China's service sector continued to expand in May, lending steam to the country's stable economic growth and employment, official data showed Wednesday. The Index of Services Production increased by 8.1 percent year on year in May, growing at the same speed as last month, according to the NBS. The transportation, storage, postal services, information transmission, software and information technology service sectors maintained high growth rates. Business activities expanded faster in May, with the business activity index for services standing at 53.5 percent, 0.9 percentage point higher than in April, NBS data showed. Sectors such as retail trade, railway and air transportation, postal services, telecommunications, broadcasting, television and satellite transmission services posted active growth by expanding 59 percent and higher. New orders and expectations for future business activities grew faster in May, pointing to strong demand in the service sector, according to the NBS. NBS data showed that China's economy maintained steady expansion in May, with slower growth in property investment and fixed-asset investment but faster growth in consumption.—Xinhua
The District of Sicamous announced late Friday that a conditional purchase offer has been made on the acquisition of the Sicamous Medical Clinic, located at 217 Finlayson St.
“Council has been pursuing additional community space for our recreation programs as well as aggressively recruiting for a second physician to improve quality health care for our residents,” said Mayor Terry Rysz in a news release. “Council determined that this was an opportune time to meet both objectives by purchasing the Medical Clinic below its fair market value. This purchase will position council to actively recruit a second physician and nurse practitioner for our community.”
The conditional purchase offer of $690,000 is below the property's 2017 assessment value of $929,000 and appraised value of $790,000, states the release. In addition, the long-term tenants that will remain in the space yield a healthy capitalization rate of seven per cent for the District of Sicamous.
“All of these factors led to a final decision to make a purchase offer on the land and building complex. No debt will be issued, the district will be financing this acquisition through available internal resources. Outstanding conditions on the purchase offer include public consultation through a financial plan amendment and a building structural inspection, with a closing date of Nov. 10,” the release states.
An amendment to the 2017 Financial Plan will be introduced to council on Oct. 11 reflecting this purchase. A press conference is scheduled for Friday, Oct. 13 at noon at municipal hall for anyone to ask questions and learn more about the acquisition.
SCOTTSDALE, Ariz. -- Arizona Diamondbacks manager Torey Lovullo says Zack Greinke won't be the team's opening-day starter.
Lovullo, speaking before Monday's spring training game against the Chicago White Sox, said the tightness that Greinke experienced in his groin in his latest start last Wednesday led him to rule out his ace for his usual opening-day role.
If there had been no health issue, Lovullo said, Greinke would be Arizona's opening-day starter for the third straight season. He was a 17-game winner last season.
Lovullo said he's not ready to name the starter for the March 29 opener at home against Colorado, although Robbie Ray would seem to be a logical alternative.
The Diamondbacks don't believe Greinke's issue is serious. The right-hander said he felt good after a bullpen session on Sunday and he is scheduled to start Wednesday against San Francisco.
Kadaga Petitioned Over High School Fees Charges
A non-profit organisation has petitioned the speaker of Parliament Rebecca Kadaga challenging the high tuition charged by government aided schools.
The Initiative for Social and Economic Rights (ISER) collected signatures from over 100 Ugandans both at home and abroad before petitioning parliament.
It has urged parliament to make an inquiry into the rising school fees charged by government aided secondary schools across the country.
The organisation's Programs director Angella Nabwowe Kasule says that many children risk losing their right to education as a result of the high tuition and other fees charged by schools.
“Some children mostly those from humble families are on verge of missing out on education because their parents cannot raise the school fees charged by some government schools these days. Something has to be done about it,” Kasule said.
Meanwhile the Speaker has promised to follow up the petition saying that many children have dropped out of school and that most of the fees charged by the schools are unnecessary.
PanARMENIAN.Net - Syrian photographer Mohamed Alragheb has won the $120,000 Grand Prize in the seventh annual Hamdan bin Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum International Photography Awards (HIPA). The photographer was unable to attend the awards due to the ongoing hostilities in Syria. However, one of the subjects of the photograph, fellow photojournalist Abd Alkader Habak, received the prize on his behalf, and was given a special merit award for an extraordinary act of bravery, PND Pulse reports.
The events that lead to the photograph unfolded April 2017, in the Rashideen neighborhood in Western Aleppo. Both Habak and Alragheb were documenting a people exchange down a peace corridor that had been allowed under ceasefire, when a massive explosion occurred near the two photojournalists. Habak returned four times to the scene of the explosion to remove injured parties as a result of this car bomb. In the winning image, Habak is seen running away from a recently exploded car carrying a severely injured child, his camera still hanging about his neck.
Communicating from Syria, Alragheb had this reaction to winning the Grand Prize. “First of all, I would like to thank the patrons of HIPA for the chance to showcase my photograph as a winner of this competition to the rest of the world. This award can be considered one of the biggest milestones in my life, despite my young age.”
On the impact of the award he said: “I hope that my win will give me more chances and opportunities in photography and that I will continue to seek success in all avenues of the artform." Asked about his brave colleague, he said: “I would like to say that Alkader Habak represents a true Syrian revolutionary with his strong touch of humanity and his determination and drive to help others in need.”
Asked how the prize will affect him personally, the winner stated: “It will drive me to capture more powerful photographs and improve my skills as a photographer in the difficult circumstances we are currently experiencing in Syria”.
The Hamdan bin Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum International Photography Award was established by Sheikh Hamdan bin Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum, Crown Prince of Dubai, in 2011. The theme of the 2019 Awards will be “Hope”.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Fung Retailing Limited says
* JD.COM AND FUNG RETAILING SIGN AGREEMENT TO FORM PARTNERSHIP TO DEVELOP ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE-DRIVEN RETAIL SOLUTIONS Further company coverage: (Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom)
In a recent interview, Los Angeles Police Lieutenant John Corina told 48 Hours that deceased actress Natalie Wood's then-husband, Robert Wagner, is again “a person of interest” in her mysterious death almost 40 years ago.
"As we've investigated the case over the last six years, I think he's more of a person of interest now," Corina suggested. "I mean, we now know that he was the last person to be with Natalie before she disappeared."
Wood was found dead off the coast of California near Santa Catalina Island in 1981. The actress, who starred in "West Side Story" and "Rebel Without a Cause" disappeared after a weekend yachting trip with Wagner. Actor Christopher Walken and the boat's captain, Dennis Davern, were also aboard the night she died.
Although Wood's death was originally judged to be accidental, the case was reopened in 2011. A year later, an LAPD coroner ruled that her death was caused by "drowning and other undetermined factors."
According to detectives, who also spoke to 48 Hours, an autopsy report revealed that there were bruises on Wood's body at the time of her death.
"She looked like a victim of an assault," Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department Detective Ralph Hernandez said, adding that "it is suspicious enough to make us think that something happened."
Investigators explained that Wagner, who was married to Wood from 1957 to 1962, and then again from 1972 until her 1981 death, has not been cooperating with the revived investigation.
"I haven't seen him [Wagner] tell the details that match all the other witnesses in this case," Corina said. "I think he's constantly changed his story a little bit. And his version of events just don't add up."
Walken, on the other hand, has spoken to authorities since the case has been reopened, CBS news reported.
In Wagner's 2008 memoir, "Pieces of My Heart," he wrote that "nobody knows" how Wood — who was born Natalia Zakharenko in 1938 in San Francisco, California, to Russian immigrant parents — died.
He did admit that there was a lot of drinking the night of Wood's death. Wagner and Walken also got into an argument regarding Wood's career trajectory.
"I picked up a wine bottle, slammed it on the table and broke it into pieces," Wagner wrote in his memoir.
"There are only two possibilities: either she was trying to get away from the argument, or she was trying to tie the dinghy. But the bottom line is that nobody knows exactly what happened," he claimed.
Harry Styles's debut album, Harry Styles, has only been out for a few short weeks, but his new sound and mature image are catapulting him into the limelight that One Direction fans always knew he deserved. While I've been circling this adorable Brit for more than five years now, I recognise that many, many others haven't and may now know some of the fun quirks and tidbits that make him so endearing to the fans. To help you get to know the "Sign of the Times" singer a little better, I pulled together 26 of the most interesting facts I could come up with about him. Keep reading to see them all, and welcome to the fan club!
Before One Direction, he was in a band with his friends called White Eskimo. He worked in a bakery while still in school and will tell everyone about it. He's very proud of that job. He's written songs for other artists, including Ariana Grande and Alex and Sierra. He loves to buy pizza for people. A few years ago, Harry's good friend Ed Sheeran said in a radio station interview that Harry once spent a day handing out pizza to homeless people in LA. A large part of Harry Styles by Harry Styles was written in Jamaica. He has four nipples.
He admitted he doesn't like girls who spit. Do with that what you will. Harry is close friends with British radio host Nick Grimshaw and often appears on his show or calls in. They spend a good amount of free time together, and once someone mistook Nick for Harry's dad, which Harry found funny, but Nick . . . not so much. Harry is very vocal about promoting love and kindness and equality. He can be found prancing around his concert stages waving rainbow flags or sitting down on television appearances talking about how equality is a fundamental right. He has a scar on his chin that he supposedly got while on a skiing holiday with Taylor Swift in 2012. Remember that line in "Out of the Woods" about "Twenty stitches in a hospital room"? Same. He's a huge fan of puns, knock-knock jokes, and generally horrible jokes. After debuting his solo album, Harry had concerts in London and Los Angeles, where he donated all of the ticket sales to charity. He has a lot of ridiculous tattoos, including a naked mermaid, the Green Bay Packers logo, and "BIG" on his big toe. His manager is Jeff Azoff, whose dad, Irving Azoff, is considered one of, if not the, most powerful man in music. Harry has been good friends with James Corden for many years. Other good friends include Kendall Jenner, Rande Gerber and Cindy Crawford, and Alexa Chung.
Harry Styles and James Corden Reenact Titanic During Carpool Karaoke Related When Harry first signed up for Instagram, his real name was taken so his username was GiveMeMyNamePlease. He loves photography and used to post his photos on his Instagram. He said in an interview that he runs his own social media, and while the fans all scoffed, his lack of activity on Twitter and Instagram lead me to believe this is true. He's very close with his older sister, Gemma, who toured with One Direction off and on, and his mum, Anne, dad, Des, and stepdad, Robin. He loves Scrabble.
A post shared by @harrystyles on Apr 21, 2013 at 6:28am PDT
Although Kanye West was among a high profile group of artists who reportedly no-showed the Grammys in protest over a lack of diversity among its nominees, the awards show wasn't a complete bust for fans hungry for an update about the mercurial musician's recovery from his hospitalization last November.
The 39-year-old rapper-producer spent nine days at UCLA Medical Center after suffering “temporary psychosis due to sleep deprivation and dehydration.”
PopSugar caught up with West's co-producer and frequent collaborator Malik Yusef on the red carpet, and he shared news about West's recent condition. “His memory's coming back,” Yusef said. He added that West is currently “going through processes” while at home focusing on his health and recovering with his family by his side.
As Stereogum points out, West is scheduled to premiere his Yeezy Season 5 collection tomorrow at New York Fashion Week. Let's hope he's mentally and physically ready for the challenge.
“Homeland” is filling out its cast for Season 7, adding another new character to the upcoming season, which is expected to premiere in early 2018.
Costa Ronin, known from FX's “The Americans,” has joined Showtime's “Homeland” in a recurring role, Variety has learned.
Details on Ronin's role are being kept under wraps, and the network has not revealed his character name or any information on his story-arc.
Ronin is the latest new face heading to the seventh season of “Homeland.” Sandrine Holt (“House of Cards”) has also joined the upcoming season in a mystery role. Lesli Margherita, who appeared in an episode last season, will reprise her role in a recurring capacity.
Ronin has been on “The Americans” since the show's second season. His other roles include “Gotham,” “The Strain,” “Agent Carter” and “Scorpion.” He is repped by Abrams Artists Agency.
WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump is saying that “racism is evil” as he condemns the KKK, neo-Nazis and white supremacists as “criminals and thugs.”
He is speaking in the Diplomatic Reception Room of the White House after meeting with Attorney General Jeff Sessions and FBI director Christopher Wray about the race-fueled violence Saturday in Charlottesville, Virginia.
Trump has come under fire for his comments Saturday that “many sides” are to blame for the violence. In those remarks, he did not single out white supremacists or any other hate group, even as Republican lawmakers and others in his White House did condemn them by name.
The Los Angeles Chargers' most expensive season ticket at tiny StubHub Center will cost $150 more per game than the Los Angeles Rams are charging for the best seat in their much bigger house.
The Chargers announced season ticket prices Tuesday for the upcoming season at their new 30,000-seat home in suburban Carson, California. While the cheapest season tickets will be $70 per game, the seats at midfield behind the Chargers' bench will cost $375 apiece.
The Rams' most expensive season ticket last season was $225 per game at the Coliseum, which seats more than 93,000. The Rams aren't expected to change their prices for the upcoming season.
While the Rams' average season ticket price per game last season was $104, the Chargers' average will be $192.
Advertisement
Nearly all-season tickets for the Chargers' 10-game campaign will cost at least $1,650. The Chargers are counting on the limited supply of seats at StubHub  along with what's expected to be a better team than the Rams  to move their product at higher prices.
The Chargers are touting their next two seasons in the NFL's smallest venue as an unprecedented chance to enjoy football from an intimate perspective, with seats uncommonly close to the field and ample parking.
A.G. Spanos, the team's president of business operations, said the Chargers "expect to sell out quickly."
The Chargers have been taking refundable $100 season ticket deposits for the past month. They haven't revealed how many they received, but said they were very pleased with the response.
The Rams said last year that they collected 45,000 season ticket deposits in the first two days of their drive. They had robust ticket sales during their homecoming season, although the crowds waned late in the season while the Rams lost their final six consecutive home games.
The two relocated franchises will play the next two seasons in their temporary homes before moving together into Rams owner Stan Kroenke's $2.6 billion stadium in Inglewood in 2019.
The Chargers announced their return to Los Angeles last month after 56 seasons in San Diego, and they officially terminated their lease at Qualcomm Stadium and their training complex two weeks ago. They are expected to hold some of their offseason workouts at Chargers Park before moving to their new complex in Costa Mesa before training camp in late July.
Next season's NFL schedule will be released in April, but the Chargers will host Philadelphia, Washington, Buffalo, Cleveland, Miami, Kansas City, Oakland and Denver.
___
For more NFL coverage: www.pro32.ap.org and http://twitter.com/AP_NFL
The 50th anniversary of the Old Forge borehole is drawing attention to the dark world that underlies the Scranton area and the river and bay it pollutes.
When the Old Forge borehole was drilled in 1962, it relieved water building up in the shuttered mines. The relief value discharges between 40 million and 100 million gallons of acid mine drainage per day in the Lackawanna River near Union Street.
The hole is a monument to the end of underground mining in Northeast Pennsylvania, and is credited with ending a tense time in the area's history. It is also the largest point source of pollution in Chesapeake Bay into which it ultimately drains.
In early 1962, a rainless flood struck homes in Duryea, Old Forge and upper Pittston as a climbing water table entered the basements of homes and business. Hundreds of other homes were threatened by the unseen menace. In winter of 1961-62, water forced its way out of mine entries and mine boreholes, creating a persistent stream that formed a glacier-like formation making roads impassable and encasing some homes.
A series of mine subsidences in the Bellevue section of Scranton were blamed on the accumulating water in the mines, but experts today say that was probably just a coincidence.
The 42-inch borehole drains what some call an underground lake, one that Lackawanna River Corridor Association executive director Bernie McGurl said holds nearly as much water as Lake Wallenpaupack.
"Built on toothpicks"
The image of the legacy of mining has been culm heaps and rusty breakers. The flooded mines below are an unseen, but no less important legacy.
Deep mining had all but ended by the end of the 1950s. With limited drawings of the unseen network of mines and geological formations beneath, people in the 1960s could only imagine the caves, tunnels, underground lakes and waterfalls as something from "Journey to the Center of the Earth." The formations had names and people would discuss, for example, how the Olyphant Pool, a higher perch pool, would cascade down into the Metropolitan Pool, the water-filled mines under greater Scranton.
"It's cavernous," said Tom Supey, mine foreman at the Lackawanna Coal Mine Tour, describing the Scranton underground. Those caverns, broken up by support pillars and connected by mine passages, extend 33 miles from Forest City to Duryea where a geological formation called the Moosic Saddle serves as a divider for the coal veins, mines and now flooded mine pools. South of the Moosic Saddle is the Wyoming Valley and its flooded mines. There's not just one layer of mines. In some places there are as many as seven layers. It's been at least half a century since anyone could walk through even the uppermost caverns. Describing what it is like requires creative comparisons.
Mr. McGurl describes it as being inside a giant sponge and moving between connected voids.
The top mine is an 18-inch vein, the bane of miners who had to crawl to remove the coal. Below that is what miners called "The Big Vein," a void with a ceiling 12 to 14 feet high and soaring to 20 feet in places. Today, the water levels of the underground lake fluctuate around the Big Vein ceiling depending upon rainfall. The other layers are forever underwater.
Near the hillside benches, where the coal veins and mine caverns tilt above the water level, an adventurous boater could navigate the voids, Mr. Supey said. As best as he knows, no daring boater, nor scuba diver, has tried. "I would not recommend that," he says flatly.
Reminders of the voids are less frequent today than in the 1960s and 1970s. During the construction of what is now Regional Hospital of Scranton and the original buildings of the University of Scranton campus, excavation opened up the mines and complicated construction. The Wall Street Journal described Scranton as "being built on toothpicks."
How mines flooded
Most mines in the anthracite region are under the water table. To get to lower veins, large pumps would dewater the mines allowing miners to get in and remove the rock and coal. As mining declined and more collieries ceased operation, fewer and fewer pumps were at work and the underground lake swelled. When the Pennsylvania Coal Co. abandoned its mines and turned off the last of the pumps in November 1960, the underground water levels surged 103 feet to near 700 feet above sea level. In another unrelated incident, a 200-foot-thick barrier holding back mine drainage from the Olyphant Pool was compromised, possibly from the final miners "robbing the pillars," and water began to get through and into the Metropolitan Pool. Some of that water made it over the Moosic Saddle and into Luzerne County mines at 565 feet above sea level, but then the water backed up.
The rising water created a rainless flood.
At first, about two dozen homes at the lowest level of the Lackawanna River watershed in Duryea, Old Forge and upper Pittston had flooded basements and ever-rising water. About 200 others were threatened. Water seeping from mine boreholes and mine entryways froze, creating glacier-like formations that made roads impassable and encased some homes.
Through most of 1962, people followed underground water levels with the same worried interest the public gave river levels last year in the aftermath of Hurricane Irene and Tropical Storm Lee. Half a century ago, residents worried about water rising from the ground rather than over a dike, as aware of how many feet their basement floor was above sea level as they were of their address. They checked the newspaper daily for subterranean water levels from Scranton City Engineer Thomas Kennedy or Deputy Mines Secretary Daniel H. Connelly.
The outcry prompted state and federal geologists to come to the area and find a solution. They came up with the borehole, drilled at the lowest point in the valley where it could drain into the Lackawanna River.
Peering through a metal grate down to the borehole, one sees the churning violent water emerging from deep under the ground. What comes out runs along a trough and then enters the Lackawanna River, where the iron from the acid mine water begins to kill the river by scavenging oxygen and coating the river bed with iron, giving it an orange look and a rotten egg smell. The river merges with the Susquehanna and then empties in the Atlantic Ocean through the Chesapeake Bay.
A grand solution is in the works that would create a water treatment facility and remove the iron from the water before it is discharged in the river. Mr. McGurl is confident that a compilation of grant money would help build a water treatment facility that would remove the iron, which could then be used in manufacturing. Iron is an important ingredient in pigmenting paint, for example.
Contact the writer: dfalchek@timesshamrock.com
People use newly installed automated security lanes at McCarran International airport — one of the airports where an Oregon man made harassing calls, reporting family members as terrorists because they were invited to a family wedding and he wasn't, according to court documents. John Locher AP
Malaysian authorities say they have detained a woman in the suspicious death of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un's half-brother, Kim Jong Nam. Kim, who was in his mid-40s, was the eldest of former dictator Kim Jong Il's children. He died en route to the hospital Monday after some sort of encounter at the Kuala Lumpur International Airport.
The woman detained was carrying Vietnamese travel documents, according to police, and was alone at the time of the arrest. Malaysian media cite government sources saying closed-circuit cameras at the airport caught two women approaching Kim. One of them covered his face with a cloth before walking away. Police say Kim fell ill and asked a counter clerk for help.
Sources tell NPR his body was transported earlier Tuesday from one hospital to a larger one — Hospital Kuala Lumpur. An autopsy will be performed.
After growing up in Western countries, Kim had been living outside North Korea for decades. He was believed to have homes in Macau, Beijing and Paris. In 2001, Kim was detained trying to enter Japan on false travel documents. He later said he was trying to bring his family to Tokyo Disneyland.
The big mystery, if he didn't die of natural causes, is why Kim Jong Nam was attacked, and why now.
"I don't think we will know the full story about the death of Kim Jong Nam for many years," says Michael Madden, a visiting scholar at the Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies, who runs the site North Korean Leadership Watch.
Chan Kok Leong contributed to this post, from Kuala Lumpur.
0:35 Couples say 'I do' on Valentine's Day Pause
1:56 The man accused of killing a woman and her daughter made the 911 call
0:46 Publix 'shopper' steals lots of Red Bull
2:13 Photographer Grant Jefferies' photo exhibition to inspire Manatee County to 'take a walk'
1:37 Oscar-winning actress Geena Davis speaks in Sarasota
3:03 The importance of river restoration in the Everglades
0:40 Oroville dam break would flood almost 200,000 California residents in 7 hours
1:08 Council's, historic burger joint in downtown Bradenton, reopens for business
0:33 The Pittsburgh Pirates begin spring training workouts at Pirate City
From HobbyKing:
The North American T28 Trojan was built in the 1950's as a military training aircraft for all three services, the U.S. Navy, airforce, and U.S. Marines. It saw service in the Vietnam war and is still a very popular attraction at airshows today. The team at Durafly have added some great new features to the aircraft along with an authentic yellow US Marines color scheme. The finish is second to none and as with all new Durafly releases, the best has just got better.
The original version 1 of the Durafly T-28 Trojan flew perfectly through all levels of the flight envelope from scale fly-bys to spirited aerobatics. Keeping all the great features from the original Durafly T-28 Trojan, like preinstalled navigation lights, servo-less electric retracts with gear doors, flaps and all servos. The new features that the team at Durafly have added include a fully functional dive brake and a cockpit designed specifically for FPV flight. You will need to add your own Pan and tilt camera with a head tracker, VTX and antennas. FPV is a great way to get that full flying experience being fully immersed in the T-28's cockpit. The V2 T-28 has an increased internal bay to house all your electronics and battery. Under the scale cowl, we have added an AeroStar 3536-750kv brushless out-runner motor coupled with an AeroStar 40A ESC driving a scale 3-bladed propeller on 4S will provide you with all the power you need for loops and rolls and awesome performance.
The Durafly T-28 Trojan 1100mm V2 is designed to screw together in just 6 easy steps, getting you in the air faster and glue free. All electrics are pre-installed and all you need to add is your choice of transmitter and receiver, battery and of course your choice of FPV equipment.
The T28 is a rock solid performing warbird and an extremely stable flying platform. The servo-less electronic tricycle undercarriage makes ground handling, take off's and landings a breeze. The T-28 is an extremely popular warbird and RC flying model, Now with this exciting new USMC authentic scheme and new features to match The US marines wants you and the new V2 T-28 will make your flying mates go all “Oorah” with envy.
Features:
Ultimate scale details from the leader in the 1100mm class warbirds
Fully functional retracts with gear doors
New fully functional dive brake
Day bright LED navigation lights
Ultra smooth and super tough EPO foam
Authentic yellow USMC color scheme “Oorah”
Designed to run on a 4S power set up and performance to match
6~9 Channels (ailerons, elevator, throttle, rudder, flaps, landing gear, dive brake,
PV pan and tilt)
FPV cockpit mount and revised cockpit included
Specs:
Wingspan: 1100mm (43″)
Length: 930mm
Flying Weight: 1460g
Motor: 3536-750kv brushless outrunner
ESC: Durafly 40A
Propeller: 10×6 3-blade
Battery: 2200mAh 4S 30~65C LiPo (not supplied)
Includes:
All hardware
Requires:
6~9 Channel TX/RX
2200mAh 4s (30~65C) Lipo Battery
FPV equipment (optional)
US marines style haircut and attitude
#9306000234-0 – $168.35
Visit HobbyKing.com
See more posts about HobbyKing
CAIRO (Reuters) - A political coalition including several high-profile Egyptians sharply criticised President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi on Friday for a speech in which he warned off anyone seeking to challenge his rule, amid growing calls for a boycott presidential elections.
Earlier this week Sisi said additional steps would be taken against anyone looking to upset Egypt's security and warned that the protests of seven years ago, which toppled longtime ruler Hosni Mubarak in 2011, would never happen again.
In a rare public rebuke of Sisi's own remarks, the Civil Democratic Movement called the speech an attempt “to spread fear among Egyptian voters” which “undermines ... the integrity of the electoral competition”.
Former military commander Sisi was elected in 2014, a year after leading the army to the ousting of Islamist President Mohamed Mursi. He is expected to easily win a vote slated for March 26-28.
The Civil Democratic Movement includes several notable figures, including a former presidential contender as well as Hesham Genena, a former anti-corruption watchdog head who had been campaigning for former military chief of staff Sami Anan, Sisi's top opponent before he was arrested. nL8N1PI3DE]
The statement follows growing calls to boycott the March vote after all major opposition campaigns withdrew citing intimidation. Anan himself was arrested and halted his presidential bid after the army accused him of breaking the law by running for office without permission.
Sisi now faces a single opponent, who is himself a Sisi supporter, in the March contest.
“Clearing the political space of candidates in the name of preserving security is unconstitutional and does not promote security,” the statement said.
Sisi said in the speech that he may call on Egyptians to take to the streets to give him a “mandate” in the face of what he described as “villains,” without specifying who he meant.
“We affirm that states are not run by mandates and the mobilisation of supporters in orchestrated gatherings, but rather by constitutions and respect for freedoms,” the statement said.
“Is this a mandate in order to uphold freedoms? Or to crush opposition? Or to violate the constitution?” it said.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Facts and figures ahead of Saturday's Premier League match between Leicester City and Swansea City at the King Power Stadium. Head-to-head (last 10 matches) Swansea 1-2 Leicester (Premier League, Oct. 2017) Swansea 2-0 Leicester (Premier League, Feb. 2017) Leicester 2-1 Swansea (Premier League, Aug. 2016) Leicester 4-0 Swansea (Premier League, April 2016) Swansea 0-3 Leicester (Premier League, Dec. 2015) Leicester 2-0 Swansea (Premier League, April 2015) Swansea 2-0 Leicester (Premier League, Oct. 2014) Leicester 2-1 Swansea (League Championship, Jan. 2011) Swansea 2-0 Leicester (League Championship, Oct. 2010) Swansea 1-0 Leicester (League Championship, Jan. 2010) Premier League form guide (last five matches) Leicester - L W D W L Swansea - W L D W W Betting odds (supplied by William Hill) 4/5 Leicester to win 4/1 Swansea to win 5/2 Match to end in a draw First scorer: 3/1 Jamie Vardy, 4/1 Kelechi Iheanacho, 9/2 Fousseni Diabate, 9/2 Shinji Okazaki, 6/1 Riyad Mahrez, 15/2 Tammy Abraham, 8/1 Wilfried Bony, 9/1 Jordan Ayew, 10/1 Andre Ayew, 10/1 Oliver McBurnie (Compiled by Hardik Vyas in Bengaluru, editing by Pritha Sarkar)
Thailand's prison authorities have pledged to investigate the circumstances surrounding the death of an inmate after being disciplined by guards for allegedly smuggling drugs, in a case which a human rights group said underscored a “culture of impunity in prisons” in the country.
Pattanachirapong Boonyasema was pronounced dead at Bang Bor Hospital on April 18 after he was brought in with bruises on his body from Samut Prakarn prison, where he had served a two-year sentence on drug-related offenses.
The initial autopsy result by the institute of Forensic Medicine at the police general hospital showed he died from choking and from wounds.
“This is unnatural death,” Narat Sawettanan, the Justice Ministry's Corrections Department chief, told reporters.
The chief of Sumut Prakan Prison and four other guards have been transferred to inactive positions to facilitate investigations into the death, according to the authorities.
“Anyone found guilty in the case would face discipline and legal action,” Narat said.
Full story: BenarNews
Wilawan Watcharasakwet
Bangkok
Copyright ©2018, BenarNews. Used with the permission of BenarNews.
Open to all professionals and amateurs — with a handicap of one or better (four or better for Mena nationals) — the 54-hole Q-School will be held in two stages. The first stage, on March 7-8, will see players compete over 36 holes of stroke play when the halfway cut will be made, narrowing down the field to 70 players for the final stage 18-hole competition to be played the following day.
A minimum of 50 players from the final qualifying round will be eligible for Category-7 membership for the 2017 Mena Tour season which will have close to 16 events, covering destinations in Morocco, Kuwait, Thailand, South Africa, Oman and the UAE. The Q-School, which will be held in El Jadida for the first time, will offer Mena Tour members the opportunity to earn full playing privileges on the tour in addition to becoming eligible for Official World Golf Ranking (OWGR) points. The top five players from the Q-School will share a prize fund of $6,000 (Dh22,000) with the winner walking away with a cheque for $2,250. “We are quite pleased with the early response to the Q-School which clearly reflects on the popularity of the tour as a whole while maintaining a close relationship we have had with Morocco, stretching all the way back to 2011,” said Mena Tour chairman Mohammad Juma Bu Amim. “We believe the Q-School will enhance the level of competition in addition to bringing more transparency in determining the fields for our events. With many overseas professionals and amateurs in the field, the tour exposes them to a highly competitive environment they need to hone their skills,” he added. “We look forward to welcoming players from different nationalities in the field and hope to see what I believe will be an absorbing contest for securing tour cards.” The Q-School will also mark the start of the Project 300, which aims to get a Mena Tour player in the Olympics by 2020. Players hoping to qualify for Tokyo must get within 300 in the world rankings. Interested golfers may visit menagolftour.com for more information on the Q-School. Entries close on Sunday, March 5, 2017. The Mena Tour started in 2011 and as well as offering world ranking points the top three professionals and leading amateur also get European Tour invites, playing privileges on the Sunshine Tour and exemptions into the final stage of Asian Tour Q-School. More from Golf Sharjah duo, Varagkis close in on Masters berth
Spieth revels in a ‘fantastic weekend'
Sulaiman, Larsen set for Sharjah Senior Masters
Brilliant Zanotti saves his best for the last
The Cleveland Browns will have a major decision in the coming months that will go along way in deciding the future direction of the franchise. Cleveland clinched the much coveted No. 1 overall pick with a hard-fought 27-24 overtime loss to the Pittsburgh Steelers on Sunday. With the loss, the Browns finish the season with a franchise worst 1-15 record. But they nearly blew the opportunity to pick first in the draft as had they defeated the Steelers, the San Francisco 49ers (2-14) would have been awarded the top pick due to the NFL's tie-breaking procedures. The Browns led the Steelers 14-7 at halftime and tied the game at 21 on a five-yard run by running back George Atkinson with 3:28 remaining in regulation. Cleveland then won the coin toss in overtime and marched down the field to the two-yard line, but they couldn't punch the ball into the end zone, settling instead for a 34-yard Cody Parkey field goal. That wasn't the opportunity the Browns blew. The Browns also fumbled inside the Pittsburgh five-yard line with a minute to go in regulation for their fourth turnover of the game. In addition, they had a potential pick-six by cornerback Briean Boddy-Calhoun turn into a touchback when Pittsburgh's Darrius Heyward-Bey punched the ball out of Boddy-Calhoun's hands as he stretched for the goal line in the third quarter. Cleveland managed a season-high 437 yards of total offense, getting a career-high 152 rushing yards from running back Isaiah Crowell. Although they only converted three of their six red zone opportunities into touchdowns. “It's good,” owner Jimmy Haslam told Pat McManamon of ESPN when asked about earning the No. 1 pick. “But I'll say this. We wanted to win a game today. We obviously have the No. 1 pick and we need to use it wisely and make good decisions. The reason we're 1-15 or 3-13 or whatever it's been the last couple years is that the Cleveland Browns, including on our watch, have not made good decisions in the draft. It's real simple.” Cleveland has a number of needs on both sides of the ball as a 4-24 record over the last two years would indicate. Rumors are swirling that the Browns will select a quarterback with the first pick though they are also said to be high on Texas A&M defensive end Myles Garrett. This will be the fourth time that the Browns have had the No. 1 overall pick, including the third time since 1999. They selected quarterback Tim Couch (1999) and defensive end Courtney Brown (2000) in the two other years that this version of the Browns owned the first pick. Scott Patsko of the Cleveland Plain Dealer suggested that the choice may come down to quarterbacks Mitch Trubisky of North Carolina or DeShaun Watson of Clemson. However, McManamon believes the Browns should select Garrett or Alabama defensive lineman Jonathan Allen. Notre Dame quarterback DeShone Kizer also has been linked to the team. Jason La Canfera of CBS Sports reported that the Browns have honed in Trubisky, even though the junior has yet to declare for the draft. The six-foot-three, 220-pound Ohio native has the tools and intangibles to become a quality starter in the league. In his first season as a starter, Trubinsky led the Tar Heels to a Sun Bowl bid and an 8-5 overall record. He completed 68.2 percent of his passes for 3,748 yards with 30 touchdowns and six interceptions. He added 308 yards and five touchdowns on 93 rushing attempts. Trubinsky completed over 70 percent of his passes (seven times) and passed for 295 or more yards on six occasions, which includes surpassing the 400 yard mark three times. Watson, who has already declared for the draft, has been the best collegiate quarterback the last two seasons. He will lead the Tigers into the College Football National Championship for a second consecutive season against the Alabama Crimson Tide. The six-foot-three, 215-pound junior has excellent intangibles to go along with very good mobility and a strong arm. Watson has completed 67.3 percent of his passes for 4, 173 yards along with 38 touchdowns and 17 interceptions. He has 586 rushing yards and eight touchdowns on 144 carries. [Image by Streeter Lecka/ Getty Images] Kizer is huge, standing at six-foot-four and 240 pounds, with very good mobility. The junior didn't have a fantastic season, finishing with a 58.7 completion percentage for 2,925 yards with 26 touchdowns and nine picks. He had three game of over 300 yards with his best performance coming against Syracuse where he completed 23 of 35 passes (65.7 percent) for 471 yards along with three touchdowns and one interception. Kizer also had 473 rushing yards and eight touchdowns on 129 attempts. Garrett officially entered the draft on Dec. 31 per USA Today Sports.The six-foot-five, 270-pound consensus All-American finished his junior season with 8.5 sacks and 15 tackles for losses despite missing two games and being limited in several others. Garrett is a versatile pass rusher who possesses a high-motor. [Image by Stacy Revere/Getty Images] Allen is also a very versatile defensive lineman who is outstanding rushing the passer and against the run. The six-foot-three, 291-pounder has recorded 62 tackles with 9.5 sacks this season. He registered six tackles (two solo) and a sack in the Crimson Tide's College Football Semifinal victory over Washington on New Year's eve. Whatever way the Browns ultimately decide to go with the pick, it is important they make the right choice. As the Browns don't have a solid draft history. Since 2011, the Browns have had nine first-round picks. Only three remain with the team. The misses include cornerback Justin Gilbert, quarterback Johnny Manziel, linebacker Barkevious Mingo, running back Trent Richardson and quarterback Brandon Weeden. [Featured Image by Mark Lambie/AP Image]
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
The biggest soul music event in Peterborough this year sees soul legend Alexander O'Neal finish his 30th Anniversary of Hearsay tour at the Broadway Theatre on Saturday (Dec 9)
The American superstar has support from Jay James, who made a big impression on The X Factor in 2014.
80s show
www.thebroadway.today
Macbeth
Stahl Theatre, Oundle, Dec 7-9
Shakespeare's iconic tragedy will be reimagined against the backdrop of the Kosovo war. Performed by the talented pupils of Oundle's Third to Upper Sixth Form and directed by Naomi Jones, the production promises to remind audiences of Shakespeare's enduring contemporary
Jay James
resonance.
www.oundleschool.org.uk
Keyboard Concert
All Saints Church, Park Road, December 9
Musical and marches with a hint of Christmas, performed by Richard J Hutchinson. The concert starts at 7pm and tickets cost £5 (under-12s £3).
www,allsaintspeterborough.org.uk
The Rhyme and Reason of Christmas
John Clare Theatre, until Saturday
Peterborough Playgoers invite you to join the Puddletown Players as they go through rehearsals at the local pub, put
their festive show together (Act 1) and eventually reach the performance stage
in the village hall. (Act 2).
www.peterboroughplaygoers.org.uk
Their Finest
Stahl Theatre, Dec 14
Oundle cinema presents this witty and moving portrayal of a wartime production team tasked with making a film to lift the spirits of the British during the time of the London Blitz.
www.oundlecinema.org.uk
Christmas Tree Festival
All Saints Church, Park Road, Dec 8-10
Visit the annual fundraiser for the church from 11am to 5pm on Friday and Saturday, or 12noon until 4pm on Sunday, Entrance is £1 for adults.
Christmas Fair
The Green Backyard, Dec 9
The fair is all about bringing together the community in a festive, joyful celebration, as well as offering a space where local independent creators and artists can sell their work, all whilst raising vital funds for the charity. The event will feature over 45 stalls and activities, offering a great opportunity to ensure your gifts are sustainable and individual this festive season. There will also be festive food and drink, green woodcrafts, family and kids activities, and live acoustic music from Gin and Yonic, The Pocket Symphony Orchestra, Mark Stephens, Skillz and The Palmerston Ukulele Band.-
That 80s Christmas Rock Show,
Stamford Corn Exchange, Dec 9
An 80s nostalgia filled, show, performed by a 7-piece live band.
While many two-centre holidays in Florida start with the thrill of Orlando's theme parks before heading to the coast, I've discovered a new and exciting combination of city and seaside.
Tampa, the state's cultural and business hub, has a rich, diverse history to discover and a vibrant, hip dining and craft brew scene that can please all tastes. And for those who can't quite wean themselves away from theme parks altogether there is one theme park - Busch Gardens with big rides and animal encounters.
My husband and I stayed at the Hilton Tampa Downtown which is just a short walk to shops, restaurants and many of the city's leisure and cultural attractions. It's also just around the corner to the first (or last) stop for the city's TECO Historic Streetcar which can take you to many of the main attractions here, including Ybor City and the Florida Aquarium.
We'd been to Ybor City before and were keen to get back there. With its cobbled main street, 7th Avenue and historic brick buildings Ybor has a distinct and even edgy atmosphere. It was founded by 19th Century cigar magnate Vicente Martinez-Ybor and has been a melting pot of immigrants for generations, originally from Cuba.
They came to work in the flourishing cigar industry. From the 1880s to the 1940s millions of cigars were made here but wide scale industry finally stopped in the 1960s when imports of tobacco from Cuba ended.
There are, however, still a couple of cigar shops where you can buy hand-rolled cigars and at one, Tabanero, you can watch the fascinating process close up. Nowadays Ybor is Tampa's top night-time destination for dinner, dancing and clubbing.
If you're spending some time here a must-see is the gorgeous Columbia Restaurant, the oldest eatery in Florida, which takes up an entire block on 7th Avenue. Owned by the Gonzmart family since 1905 it's huge with 1,700 seats and it's very popular.
Also in Ybor, take in Jose Marti Park, a Cuban-owned oasis on US soil; stroll along Seventh Avenue for its shops and cafes in the day and after dark for its vibrant night life; visit Ybor City Museum State Park to see how the early immigrants lived and worked.
Another important name in the history of Tampa's growth is 19th Century railroad baron Henry B. Plant. His lavish Tampa Bay Hotel was a favourite for the world's rich and famous including Teddy Roosevelt, Winston Churchill and Babe Ruth.
Now the H.B. Plant Museum and Plant Hall it also houses the University of Tampa. It's fascinating to see the collection of Gilded Age furnishing, art and items brought together by Henry B. Plant and read about Tampa's colourful history. Plant helped to turn Tampa into a centre for business and tourism, much as it is today.
Just across the Hillsborough River from here is Downtown Tampa, our hotel and many of the city's main attractions. The 2.4 mile Riverwalk is a great place to wander, cycle or just linger. While we preferred to walk, hiring a bike is easy using a smart phone and a credit card with Coast Bike Share.
Here you'll also find Curtis Hixon Waterfront Park a city hub and site of many events and activities. Beside the park is the Tampa Museum of Art which is a beautiful place to spend an hour or two discovering its permanent pieces and travelling exhibits, which have included art by Andy Warhol and Norman Rockwell. It's a wide ranging collection from ancient Greek objects to pop art. The museum's Sono Café is also a popular place to sit, relax and people watch.
Picking up the streetcar just around the corner from the Hilton, is also a great way to get to one of the city's other biggest attractions, the Florida Aquarium. It's a very well set out environment to learn about Florida's aquatic ecosystems and about sea life around the world. The aquarium also runs dolphin-spotting trips out into Tampa Bay several times a day. Great for adults as well as youngsters.
This goes for another favourite mode of transport in Tampa, the Pirate Water Taxi. Pick it up along the River Walk to be transported to various destinations along the Hillsborough. A day ticket allows you to hop on and off at various points along the river.
On our third full day it was time to split up. As my husband discovered what's on offer for golfers in the area I found a charming area to shop and relax. Hyde Park Village is a pretty district with leafy streets and pretty Arts and Crafts bungalows just off of Bayshore Boulevard, the city's most desirable residential district along the beautiful shoreline. This area also boasts the world's longest unbroken sidewalk at 4.5 miles along the bay, an ideal jogging, cycling and walking destination.
The small, upmarket, open-air shopping district in Hyde Park is the place to go to pick up something unique whether it's clothing, jewellery or gifts, there's even an ATM for cupcakes at the Sprinkles bakery.
WHERE TO EAT
Ybor City
The Columbia Restaurant: Started as a bar and sandwich shop serving the Cuban population. On most nights there's also flamenco dancing, but the star of the show is undoubtedly the food. The choices are extensive but most with a Latin American or Spanish twist with the most famous dishes including Spanish Bean Soup, the original 1905 salad, the original Cuban sandwich, and the Ybor City Devil Crab Croquette. It took us a long time to choose from the tapas, fish, meat, and paella dishes not to mention the traditional flan dessert.
Hyde Park Village
For refreshment try Buddy Brew Coffee or take a step back in time to the beautifully restored 50s-style interior of Goody Goody, an iconic burger restaurant originally opened in 1926 and a household name in Tampa not least for its exquisite pies.
City of Tampa
Haven: Sister restaurant to the famous Bern's Steakhouse, and steps from the internationally renowned Epicurian Hotel. The main focus is on charcuterie and we enjoyed a huge platter of the best meats and cheeses. Haven's bar is also a signature attraction with more than 300 varieties of bourbon and 40 different wines on offer.
Edison Food + Drink Lab: Chef Jeannie Pierola could be Tampa's answer to Heston Blumenthal as she's known to push the boundaries of cookery even with the use of liquid nitrogen. Inventiveness also applies to the drink offerings too. Your menu choices come on a clipboard which is fun, just like putting together a food ‘experiment'. The Buffalo Cauliflower hot starter is a favourite.
Ulele: Another Gonzmart-owned eatery, this is very different from the Columbia in that it's a modern $5 million conversion from the original water pump house. It's truly hip and amazingly popular. A favourite from the menu inspired by early native American and Spanish dishes are the charbroiled oysters. The restaurant is named for Ulele (Yu-lay-lee) a native American princess.
WHERE TO PLAY GOLF
Tampa Bay TPC is rated the 13th best public golf facility in the entire country which has hosted Champions Tour events where the likes of Nicklaus, Watson and Langer have triumphed.
Armed with some more golf balls on the advice from the pro shop staff I found the practice facilities first-rate as you get to grips with the pace of these Florida greens (a touch quicker than Hertfordshire in January!).
Once you are on the course, which opened in 1991, you quickly realise one thing – you will not play to your handicap unless you have one of those all-too-rare special days.
Many of the holes have water to negotiate and most of the greens have fearsome borrows. But it is a superb challenge and the starter will happily advise you which set of tees to play off - they cater for pretty much all standards.
My favourite hole was the 17th, a terrifying but beautiful par three where the ball has to carry a lake which runs up to the front of the green.
I finished my round at lunchtime and was delighted to walk into the bar to enjoy something cooling. It was great to see that, in this corner of America at least, the 19th hole is as important as the other 18.
Nick Jones
ANNA MARIE ISLAND
The short stay in Tampa was both fun and full of great things to experience but it was time to take the short, 45-minute drive south to Anna Maria Island.
The Gulf gem is just seven miles long and at some points so narrow you can see from one side to the other. Its beaches with pure white sand and its old Florida charm with no high rise buildings or chain restaurants are a magnet for both winter travelling ‘snowbirds' and families looking for laid-back holidays.
I make no secret of the fact that I love it here. But on my latest trip I had time to delve a little into its past, which, like Tampa, has a surprising Cuban connection. But more of that later.
Staying right on the beach with sand and sea just steps away is always the ideal and the family-owned Bungalow Beach Resort on Bradenton Beach added charm to the equation.
These sympathetically and prettily converted bungalows offer a little oasis of peace and tranquility and some strategically placed loungers from which to watch those all-important sunsets. Small touches such as leaving your dirty towels out in a quaint wicker basket are fun too.
Amazingly there are three local government areas on the island, but all areas are united in setting ‘quiet' rules that apply after 10pm and until 7am. If you are looking for all-night partying this is not for you, but it's precisely why others, like me, love it.
In recent years, just as in Tampa, dining out is becoming ever more sophisticated. One of the island's favourite venues is the Beach House, which enjoyed a major refurbishment in spring 2017. Sit inside or out to enjoy the beach view while you eat.
Of course, on top of the list of reasons why many visitors come to Florida is the superb seafood. And just across the Cortez Bridge, one of two used to get on and off the island, is Cortez itself, a working fishing village.
There are a handful of excellent eateries here serving fish directly off the fishing boats and you can also buy fresh seafood to cook back in your apartment. We enjoyed a superb meal cooked ourselves one night of giant shrimp and grouper.
I was also lucky to visit the annual local Stone Crab Festival in Cortez to enjoy a few tasty claws and enjoy the music and fun stalls at the same time. Also in the village is the fascinating Florida Maritime Museum housed in a former schoolhouse.
There's a wonderful shell collection and many seafaring artefacts to illustrate how the native Calusa Indians once used dugout canoes to fish in these abundant waters and later Cuban fishermen established seasonal camps or Ranchos where they dried and salted fish to sell. This was the beginning of the fishing industry that was properly established in the 1880s by fishing families from North Carolina. Well worth a visit.
Back on Anna Maria Island we were also lucky enough to attend one of the most sought-after events of the autumn – Symphony on the Sand. It's a fundraiser where you can choose to buy a ticket for a sit-down meal or just bring your beach chair along to enjoy the excellent musical treats from classical to pop. As the sun went down and with a glass of bubbly in hand it was truly magical.
In fact our whole stay was as usual all too short and truly magical altogether. To make the most of your visit also check out:
WHERE TO SHOP
The two main shopping streets are Pine Avenue at the northern end of the island (Anna Maria) and Bridge Street at Bradenton Beach. Here you can browse the independent shops, stop and eat and also enjoy the water views of the back bay.
There are also many other eateries and shops near the island's central marina. Along Pine Avenue learn about the Anna Maria Island Historic Green Village with award-winning energy efficient credentials. Enjoy a coffee at the excellent café.
WHERE TO EAT
There's something for all tastes and pockets, apart from any chain restaurants. The ultimate combo is to dine beachside and enjoy the spectacular sunset – the Beach House and Sandbar restaurants offer this, but tables are much in demand. Better to watch the sunset on the beach, then go and eat!
Americans like to eat early, so you can beat the crowds. We also loved the Blue Marlin Grill in Bridge Street. Beautiful dishes, sometimes with a twist – even Brussels sprouts. A great place to eat breakfast is Anna Maria island Beach Café on popular Manatee Beach where you can feast on all-you-can-eat pancakes.
WHAT TO DO
I enjoyed a fun but rainy dolphin watching trip in the back bay with Paradise Boat Tours. I learnt from Captain Mike and Erin that there's a non-migratory group of dolphins here 160 to 180 strong one of only two places in the world where this happens.
The oldest Nicolo is 68 years-old and has a white fin tip. On the 90-minute trip I also learned that Cortez was once known to be the home of Michael ‘Bugsy' Moran, Dale ‘Murph Murphy and Frank ‘Billy' Tyne Jr, three of the six crew members lost aboard the Andrea Gail, a true story told vividly in the 1991 film Perfect Storm.
Also enjoy kayaking, paddle boarding, sailing, fishing and many other watersports on the island. Get your equipment from a number of outlets around the island including Beach Bums in Pine Avenue.
HOW TO GET AROUND
Hire a golf buggy or a bike to make getting around easier, there's also the free island trolley which is excellent. You can also call up the Monkey Bus, with a slightly hippy vibe, and travel door to door for the cost of a tip.
For more information on Tampa, visit www.visittampabay.com
For details about Bradenton and Anna Maria, visit www.bradentongulfislands.com
HOW TO GET THERE
Prices from £1,289 per person for a 10-night holiday staying in Tampa and Anna Maria Island. Price includes direct flights from London Gatwick to Tampa, room only accommodation based on two adults and economy car hire for the duration. Travel in June 2018, subject to availability. For more information or to book call 020 3355 2957 or visit www.myamericaholiday.co.uk
Apple's latest iOS update brings a bunch of new features to the company's Homepod smart speaker: iOS 11.4, as the latest version of the company's mobile operating system is officially called, finally makes it possible to pair two Homepod speakers in stereo mode.
That's thanks to a major update for Airplay, the company's wireless media sharing technology. Airplay 2 also makes it possible to stream the same song to multiple Homepods, or other Airplay 2-compatible speakers, around the home – a feature that's also known as multi-room audio.
Apple first announced those features when it introduced the Homepod at its WWDC conference last June. However, the Homepod didn't support stereo pairing or multi-room audio when it launched in February.
The update brings the Homepod on par with other smart speakers, including those made by Google and Sonos, which have been supporting this kind of pairing features for some time.
The introduction of Airplay 2 also sets Apple up for further partnerships with other speaker makers. Sonos, Bose and others have already announced that they want to bring Airplay 2 to new and existing speaker models.
There have also been some rumors that Apple may be following up with the introduction of a smaller and more affordable version of the Homepod. A possible introduction date for the device would be next week, when the company will once again hold WWDC in San Jose, Calif.
Rooney: Everton return brings out the best in me
A first-half header against Stoke City marked a goalscoring return for Wayne Rooney at Everton and he hopes it is a sign of things to come.
by Omnisport News 14 Aug 2017, 13:20 IST
Everton's Wayne Rooney (centre)
Wayne Rooney is motivated by the high expectations on his shoulders after marking his Everton return with the winning goal against Stoke City.
The former Manchester United striker's first-half header proved decisive as he celebrated a dream second Premier League debut for the club on Saturday.
Rooney is now determined to deliver his best for his boyhood side, while also proving some doubters wrong.
"There is a lot of ­expectation, coming back here," he said. "There are some fans who maybe thought I wasn't good enough to come back here, but it is up to me to prove myself.
"I have been working hard and I am ready for that ­challenge to prove myself. I could have gone to another Premier League team and taken my foot off the gas and seen the last few years out. But coming back here? I have got to be the best I can be.
"It is the club I grew up supporting, it's the club I want to play for. I want to do well. I knew when I came back, I was putting a lot of pressure on myself. That is how I like to play."
When Rooney burst onto the scene with the Toffees in 2002, he was a bustling teenager with a potent combination of pace, power and aggression.
Over the course of his United career, during which he became the club's and his country's all-time record goalscorer, his game has evolved and the 31-year-old is confident he still has much to offer.
"Football fans aren't silly," he said. "Everyone knows I'm not the explosive player who was here when I was 16 to 18. I think I'm a lot cleverer than I was back then.
"My game has changed. Hopefully the change in my game can help the team."
A woman wearing an estelada or independence flag walks along a street Sunday covered with referendum ballots thrown by pro-independence demonstrators, during a rally in front of the Spanish Partido Popular ruling party headquarters in Barcelona, Spain. The ballot boxes arrived from France in the dead of night, were stored in homes and improvised hidey-holes, and then secretly shuttled to polling stations across Catalonia right under the nose of police. Emilio Morenatti — The Associated Press file
BARCELONA, Spain >> The ballot boxes arrived from France under the cover of night, were stored in homes and improvised hiding places, and then secretly shuttled to polling stations right under the nose of police.
Grassroots activists who staged a disputed referendum of independence in Catalonia described to The Associated Press how they managed to hold the Oct. 1 vote despite a police crackdown that left hundreds injured.
“It was cat and mouse,” said one activist who was in charge of organizing the vote in a village of about 2,000 residents south of Barcelona.
“In order to not jeopardize the operation, you were told that on such a day at such an hour a ballot box would arrive, and then a few days later, the ballots. The vans would arrive at night,” he said.
Three activists and a source close to the regional Catalan government spoke about the plan on condition of anonymity, fearing prosecution by Spanish authorities, who had declared the vote illegal.
By using code words and clandestine meetings with information strictly limited to a need-to-know basis, hundreds of separatists defied the law — and the odds — by keeping what they claim were 10,000 ballot boxes hidden in tiny stashes around the region and out of the hands of authorities for weeks.
A source close to the regional government who had been briefed about the operation said the ballot boxes, which look like large Tupperware containers with the Catalan government seal, had been ordered online from a Chinese company. They were shipped to a location in southern France.
From there, the ballot boxes were smuggled across the Spanish border in small loads, an activist with knowledge of overall planning said. They were then distributed from one trusted separatist to another, without any single person knowing who else was involved beyond their direct contacts to avoid the police from taking down the operation in one fell swoop.
“Everything was done on a very small scale,” said the activist. “You would receive a message from somebody who had to distribute 100 ballot boxes to people you trusted. There was no macro-planning on a general level.”
The same activist said that any talk of the operation via mobile phone was done in coded language, such as “tomorrow you will receive 10 cakes for your mother” or “you have to hand out five cakes to your mother and five to your father.”
Another activist who hid ballot boxes in his home and organized the vote in a village in the Osona county north of Barcelona said that he used the terms “shoe boxes” or “presents” to stand in for ballot boxes.
Advertisement
Regardless of the intricate plan, the chances of holding the vote looked very slim on the eve of the referendum, even when officials of the Catalan regional government finally unveiled one of the ballot boxes to journalists.
In the previous two weeks, police had confiscated millions of ballots in raids, taken out the computing systems for the vote, and arrested around a dozen Catalan government officials suspected to have been involved in the planning for the referendum. That led Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy to declare that the infrastructure for the referendum was dismantled. Just to make sure, the Interior Ministry sent thousands of extra police officers to the region.
But Catalonia's leaders urged people to go to the polls on Sunday anyway, assuring would-be voters the ballot boxes would be there.
An AP reporter witnessed the arrival of a ballot box to a polling station early Sunday when rain was drizzling on a crowd outside the Jaume Fuster high school in Barcelona. A small red hatchback pulled up and a man and woman popped the trunk, grabbed a plastic bag with the ballot boxes inside, and hustled them through the hushed crowd and into the school.
A couple of hours later those same ballot boxes would be grabbed by officers of the National Police, after agents in riot gear had shoved through the crowd and shattered the school's front door with a mace.
Once videos of the police raids at that school and several others across the region went viral, organizers started to make backup plans.
“I stationed some girls down the road so they could warn us (if police came) and give us a five-minute head start. We were planning to hide the ballot boxes down by the river,” the man who organized the vote in the village south of Barcelona said.
His counterpart in Osona said that he decided to stop voting early just to make sure the police didn't get there in time. They then did the recount in a home in an isolated area.
A call and email to Spain's Interior Ministry asking about the activists' plot were not immediately answered.
Catalan officials said police had closed or raided 400 of the more than 2,000 polling stations before or during the vote. Nonetheless, they said 2.2 million votes were cast, with 90 percent in favor of independence.
The result was not surprising given that many Catalans opposed to independence were not expected to turn out. The last regional election and polls show that the 7.5 million residents of Catalonia are almost evenly divided on the issue.
Many of the people involved in the organization of the vote were activists aligned with the Assemblea Nacional Catalana, the main grassroots secessionist group that counts 40,000 members and another 40,000 sympathizers. Analysts say the ANC has been the driving force behind the independence movement.
ANC president Jordi Sanchez, whose Twitter account boasts a photo of one of the ballot boxes, and the leader of another separatist group Jordi Cuixart, are being investigated for alleged sedition in connection protests ahead of the referendum. Both were released after questioning by a Madrid judge on Monday but are to be questioned again in coming days.
Catalan regional president Carles Puigdemont has vowed to declare independence based on the result. That could happen as early as Monday.
AP writer Aritz Parra contributed to this report.
A LGBTQ rights group has asked the Michigan Civil Rights Commission for legal protections.
There is currently a prohibition on sex discrimination to include protections for sexual orientation and gender identity.
People who identify as lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, questioning or queer in Michigan are currently not protected by the 1976 Elliott Larsen Civil Rights Act, which means they can be legally discriminated against in housing, employment and public accommodations.
The commission is expected to address the advocacy group's request at a September 18 meeting in Lansing.
Copyright 2017 WNEM (Meredith Corporation). All rights reserved.
Iran Focus
London, 8 Dec - The Iranian Regime should be held accountable for its horrific crimes against humanity, according to an Iranian-American political scientist.
Dr. Majid Rafizadeh, a leading expert on Iran and US foreign policy, wrote an op-ed for Arab News lamenting that little attention has been given to the Iranian Regime's role in the assassination of Yemen's former President, Ali Abdullah Saleh.
While the Houthi gunmen are the ones who pulled the trigger, the Iranian Regime is the ones who effectively loaded the gun and told them where to aim.
Dr. Majid Rafizadeh, president of the International American Council, wrote: “It is important to point out that any strategically or politically critical move conducted by Iran's proxies and militia groups requires prior approval from Supreme Leader Ali Khamenei, the senior commanders of the Revolutionary Guard Corps (IRGC), such as Mohammed Ali Jafari, or top generals from the Quds Force including Qasem Soleimani.”
The Iranian Regime is the ones who call the shots with their various proxy groups across the Middle East because they have funded, trained, and armed them, which means that the group owes them.
Effectively, the Houthis would not have survived so long in the Yemen war without the Regime smuggling weapons and technology into the country. If the Houthis dared to go against the Regime, the funding and weapons would be immediately pulled and the Houthis would have made a dangerous enemy.
Dr. Majid Rafizadeh, who serves on the boards of the Harvard International Review, the Harvard International Relations Council and the US-Middle East Chamber for Commerce and Business, wrote: “More broadly, this gives an insight into the tactics and long-term strategies of Iranian-trained and armed proxies across the Middle East, which are anchored in four pillars: Destabilization, conflict, assassination, and rejection of any solution that has international legitimacy.”
The Iranian regime chooses to conduct war via proxy in order to make it difficult for the international community to hold them accountable. The Regime effectively has plausible deniability. Eventually, the international community gets used to terrorism, breaches of international law, and violence.
Saleh's assignation
The Iranian regime is skilled in sending third party hitmen after foreign adversaries and influential Iranian dissidents, as they did with Hezbollah and former Lebanon's Prime Minister Rafik Hariri in 2005.
That was cited as one of the reasons that Hariri's son Saad resigned as Lebanon's current Prime Minister in November- he believed there was an Iranian plot to assassinate him as well.
The Iran Human Rights Documentation Center links the Iranian regime to at least 162 assassinations in 19 countries since 1979.
Its report states: “The evidence makes it clear that the Iranian rulers not only approve of assassinations abroad and that they honour and reward the assassins, but that they themselves plan these kinds of assassinations against people who, for purely political reasons, become undesirable. For the sake of preserving their power, they are willing to liquidate their political opponents.”
Dr. Majid Rafizadeh, concluded: “The Iranian regime and the Houthis share a dangerous ideology that we need to take seriously from now on, because such episodes as the assassination of Saleh will not be their final iteration. The perpetrators of such crimes against humanity should be held accountable and brought to justice.”
Two-time WWE Hall of Famer Ric Flair has been placed in a medically induced coma while he awaits surgery, a WWE representative confirmed to ESPN.com on Monday afternoon.
Flair was hospitalized and admitted to an intensive care unit over the weekend. After initially downplaying the seriousness of the issue, a representative for Flair has made a plea for public support.
Melinda Morris Zanoni, the CEO of Legacy Talent and Entertainment, tweeted out the latest on Flair's situation late Sunday night.
Are u a Fan/Friend of Ric Flair?If so, we need prayers & positive energy 4 our Living Legend as he is dealing w/some tough medical issues🙏🏻 - MelindaMorrisZanoni (@LegacyTalentCEO) August 14, 2017
As first reported by Pro Wrestling Sheet, Flair was hospitalized on Saturday morning for heart-related issues, with Zanoni initially reporting the situation involved "routine monitoring." PW Insider's Mike Johnson reported that Flair is hospitalized near his home in Atlanta.
Flair, 68, has spent the past five decades in the world of professional wrestling with a reputation as one of the most charismatic personalities in the history of that business. His popularity and personality have transcended into the world of professional sports on many occasions, with athletes recreating some of his most famous wrestling promos and Flair himself often called on to serve as a motivational speaker.
Narowal
An influential landlord on Saturday brutally tortured a woman over children's fight in Narowal. According to reports, landlord Mohammad Aslam Jutt and his son assaulted Afia bibi, who is mother of five children, with sticks and stones. Aslam's son also dragged the lady on the roads by pulling her with hair.
No one from other villagers called the police or helped the woman for any medical treatment. Afterwards, laborer Mohammad Amjad told the security personnel that few days ago, village children scuffled with each other after which, Mohammad Aslam threatened him of severe consequences if he won't leave the village.—INP
Cherry blossoms have peaked and are falling, marking the arrival of spring. In celebration of warmer days, The Korea Herald has compiled a list of 10 K-pop tunes -- old, familiar, lesser known and newly released -- for road trips and lazy days in grassy parks.
S#ARP (Screen capture from YouTube)
Listed in the experimental band's 2007 album “Love Child of the Century,” “Fiesta” is an ambient techno-infused tune about taking off on an unexpected holiday to a tropical beach.Like its title, the electro-pop track “Traveler” sings of taking a break from the mundane daily grind and grey city buildings, and escaping to a place of freedom. The song is on f(x)'s fourth LP “4 Walls,” released in 2015.A classic among old-time K-pop fans, the song is a gentle tune about the pain of breakup and how it will lead to growth in the larger scope of life. The song can be found on the now-disbanded quartet S#arp's 2001 album “S#arp 4.5th Flat Album.”Released this month, “Don't Know” is a medium-tempo acoustic ballad about a strange kind of attraction, and the soundtrack for the currently airing KBS show “Ms. Perfect.” It is the latest release by balladeer Shin Jae, the singer behind soundtracks of hit dramas such as “Smile, Mom” and “49 Days.”Listed on the acoustic singer's first album, the song is a cheery pop-rock number about the exhilaration of meeting a lover on a sunny spring day.The optimistic song is a track on singer-producer Yoon Jong-shin's 2008 album “Round the Village” and features rapper MC Mong. It is about taking an impromptu trip hand-in-hand with a lover and feeling the wind brush by.The 2008 release by famed boy band SHINee is a groovy funk number dedicated to a lover who is as essential and airy as oxygen. It numbers among the five-member group's most beloved releases.A brand-new song released Wednesday, “Day Off” is the latest work of producer Ra. D, famed for his mellow odes to love. It sings of rolling around in bed, eating ice cream, listening to music and catching a movie on a rare day away from work.The moody tune is included in Wonder Girls' 2016 album “Why So Lonely.” It speaks of wanting to be the sky to a blindingly beautiful lover.Listed on the veteran boy band's 2016 album, “Couple” is a remake of the mega-hit song of the same title released in 1999. It is a sprightly tune welcoming the arrival of a long-awaited love.By Rumy Doo ( doo@heraldcorp.com
As the founding national sponsor of Go Red For Women, Macy's has helped in the prevention of heart disease in women by raising $65 million since 2004.
Macy's shoppers can also Wear Red & Give to support the cause by:
Wear Red Sale: Customers can participate in the Wear Red Sale from Wednesday, Jan. 31 to Monday, Feb. 5, with pre-sale starting on Sunday, Jan. 28. Shoppers who wear red or purchase the official Red Dress pin for $3 at any register to receive 25 percent off a great selection of items storewide, plus an extra 15 or 10 percent off select departments. Exclusions and restrictions apply. New this year, customers will receive an additional pin to share with a loved one to help spread awareness of the cause. One hundred percent of the pin sales will benefit Go Red For Women.
Customers can participate in the Wear Red Sale from Wednesday, Jan. 31 to Monday, Feb. 5, with pre-sale starting on Sunday, Jan. 28. Shoppers who wear red or purchase the official Red Dress pin for $3 at any register to receive 25 percent off a great selection of items storewide, plus an extra 15 or 10 percent off select departments. Exclusions and restrictions apply. New this year, customers will receive an additional pin to share with a loved one to help spread awareness of the cause. One hundred percent of the pin sales will benefit Go Red For Women. Merchandise: Macy's will also donate 10 percent of the purchase price of two exclusive red dresses by Thalia and Calvin Klein to Go Red For Women, as well as a specialty t-shirt from Thalia, available in select stores and online at http://macys.com
It did not take long for this year's Stanley Cup Final to generate drama beyond the confines of the ice. In Game 1 between the Washington Capitals and the Vegas Golden Knights, a bone-crushing blindside hit was delivered that spawned conversations across the NHL. Golden Knights forward Jonathan Marchessault was the recipient of the hit delivered by Tom Wilson of the Capitals.
The Hit by Wilson
The hit happened shortly after Wilson scored the tying goal at the 1:10 mark of the third period. It was a bizarre goal as the puck took a detour by way of Marc-Andre Fleury's skate. It put the Capitals up 4-3 and constituted the fourth lead change of the contest.
Approximately four minutes later, Wilson decided it was time to wreak a little havoc. He is laser-focused on Marchessault and plastered him shoulder to shoulder after Marchessault no longer had the puck. He went down immediately and was eventually led to the dressing room. Wilson received a minor penalty for interference.
Fortunately, Marchessault was able to return to the ice and suffered no visible injuries from the blindside blast. Marchessault had to go through the NHL's concussion protocol, including a few minutes in the “quiet room”. The whole incident gives rise to the question, “What should the league's protocol be on these types of blindside hits?”
Has the issue of late, blindside hits spent too much time in the quiet room?
Argument One: “It Was a Legal Hit”
Among the plethora of hockey minds and fans that have talked about the hit since Game 1, there is a contingent of mostly “old school” fans who argue that the hit was legal and are wondering what all the fuss is about. Technically speaking, it was a legal hit, shoulder to shoulder. He did not aim for his head or spear him or do anything that looked like he was trying to break the existing rules of the game.
Sports talk phone lines were lit up by callers defending the hit as legal. Part of the rationale was that he did not hit him in the head or “Back in the day, that type of hit was routine in the NHL.” A good example of “back in the day” is the famous Philadelphia Flyers teams known as the Broad Street Bullies. The Bullies consisted of Bobby Clarke, their coach Fred ‘The Fog' Shero and tough guys Dave ‘The Hammer' Schultz, Andre ‘Moose' Dupont, Don Saleski and Bob ‘Hound Dog' Kelly.
Interestingly the Bullies won two Stanley Cups in 1973-74 and 1974-75. In November 2014, Adam Proteau wrote about the Bullies in The Hockey News, stating that the Flyers' first Cup win was against the heralded Boston Bruins with the incomparable Bobby Orr and Phil Esposito.
Proteau recounted this story from Bob Kelly: “Fred [coach Shero] came in to tell us the game plan and he said, ‘I think the game plan is going to be we're going to give Orr the puck.' We said, ‘Why the hell would you give Bobby Orr the puck? That's the last thing you want to do.' But it worked out. He just said, ‘I want you to work him, pressure him. By no means spear him or hurt him, but just bump him, make him skate around you, tire him out. As the series wears on, it's going to be tough on him.' And Freddy was right.”
This is a key point about the Bullies. They had a well-deserved reputation for fighting and playing tough. Michael Langlois recalls Game 6 of the 1974 Stanley Cup Final: “I think Clarke goaded Orr into more of a ‘fight' than Orr should have been getting into late in the game. To see these hockey warriors fighting – for the puck, for ice and then each other – was something to see. As valuable as Clarke was, getting Orr off the ice late in the game was a trade-off you'd take every time.”
But, there was an undeniable respect for Orr. The Bullies made no apology for their bare-knuckles brand of the game. But, even a group of “tough guys” had enough respect for a legend like Orr not hurt him with dirty hits. They don't often get the credit for being excellent hockey players — that fact is shrouded in the legend of their brawling, enforcing nature.
There are still fans who miss the Scott Stevens style of hockey, some even missing the fighting at the drop of a hat style of the Bullies. But, the NHL has moved beyond that part of the game, and what is left are some grey areas, like blindside hits that don't aim for the head. Hits like the one Wilson laid on Marchessault. Will the league take a look at this type of play in the offseason or, as Kerry Fraser Tweeted, have they already looked at it? If so, why no discipline for Wilson?
The 5 + game misconduct for Interference was instituted for the very type of late blindside hit Tom Wilson just delivered. — Kerry Fraser (@kfraserthecall) May 29, 2018
The League May Be Blind(sided)
The NHL seems to agree with those old school fans on this issue. The league has taken up many issues regarding player safety, even if some might argue that they lag leagues like the NFL in its concerns about concussions and Chronic Traumatic Encephalopathy (CTE). One can say however that they are not “champing at the bit' to deal with the issue.
For example, in a lengthy but thorough examination of the CTE issue and the NHL, Adam Kilgore wrote last week in the Washington Post a column that included this quote that NHL commissioner Gary Bettman gave to reporters in March, after an NFL official acknowledged the link between football and CTE:
It's fairly clear that playing hockey isn't the same as football. And as we've said all along, we're not going to get into a public debate on this.
But, with hits like Wilson's occurring on the league's biggest stage – the Stanley Cup Final – a public debate may be unavoidable in spite of Bettman's desire to keep it out of the public square.
According to USA Today, Marchessault had this to say about Wilson's hit:
I saw the hit. I remember everything. It's a late hit. I think the league's going to take care of it. We know what type of player he is out there. You've got to keep your head up when he's there.
Many people on the morning sports talk shows and on social media felt confident that Marchessault was right, expecting the league to announce discipline for Wilson.
By mid-day on Tuesday, however, the NHL's Department of Player safety ruled in an unexpected manner:
“The Department of Player Safety told ESPN that there were a few factors that kept the Wilson hit from rising to the level of suspension. First, the hit was shoulder to shoulder rather than a hit to the head. The hit also was within the flow of the game, rather than the kind of retaliatory hits that have warranted suspensions in the past — such as the four-game ban earned by Bobby Farnham of the Devils for a hit on St. Louis Blues forward Dmitrij Jaskin in January 2016. The NHL didn't dispute that the hit was late but determined it wasn't as egregiously late as other interference plays that rose to the level of suspension.”
Wilson Pot, Meet Kettle
And just like that, the NHL gave the green light to players like Wilson to blast away at the unsuspecting, the unprepared, and the unaware. A solid check to the body is designed to separate a player from the puck. In this play, Marchessault had been rid of the puck for a couple of seconds so Wilson's hit was not meant to separate him from the puck. As previously mentioned, the NHL has addressed the issue of blindside hits, but may it seems that they may need some encouragement to stay true to its own rules.
The 5 + game misconduct for Interference was instituted for the very type of late blindside hit Tom Wilson just delivered. — Kerry Fraser (@kfraserthecall) May 29, 2018
Ironically, The Hockey Writers' Sammi Silber pointed out in her May 17 article, Capitals' Wilson Displeased with Stralman Hit, that Wilson was not happy to be on the receiving end of a blindsided hit delivered by Anton Stralman of the Tampa Bay Lightning: “It's a vulnerable position, and you know, there's no doubt there's contact with my head,” Wilson said. “I'm not here to complain about anything. I'm just talking about it for the best of the game and for the best of player safety.”
Silber pointed out that Stralman seemed to shift at the last minute and direct the hit to Wilson's shoulder. Nevertheless, Wilson was not happy. The player who has a deserved reputation for dishing out similar hits — as evidenced in his Game 1 blast of Marchessault — didn't like being hit himself. Imagine that.
The league is now in a situation where it will likely have to address these types of hits. Not because it wants to, as Bettman articulated, but because the CTE issue is not going to go away. In his Washington Post piece, Kilgore notes:
“More than 100 retired players have brought a class-action lawsuit against the NHL over brain injuries suffered while playing…Those in the suit seek medical care and a monitoring regime for the roughly 4,300 living retired players. They claim they entered into the league with a clear understanding of the harm the game could cause their bodies but not of the life-changing effects of brain trauma they suffered. They allege NHL teams provided inadequate oversight and care to treat brain injuries, all while the league promoted the game's violence, including bare-knuckle bouts on the ice.”
No, commissioner, this is not going to go away, even though Marchessault was not hit in the head directly. But, he was blasted without any opportunity to defend himself, and he could have sustained a concussion from such a hit. The NHL may pretend to be blind to the blindsiding issue – cloaking the matter in technical jargon that speaks to whether or not a player's head was hit – but it will not be able to keep up that pretence for much longer.
As with the legacy of Stevens, some will end up calling Wilson a dirty player while others will call him tough. Silber quoted Wilson again: “When someone gets run from behind, the next couple shifts you're going to be more tentative. There's going to be heavy hits in games. We need to control our emotions and make sure we're the better team for the majority of the 60.” The irony is so thick you can cut it with a knife.
City Reporter
The Federal Investigation Agency arrested two proclaimed offenders who were involved in human smuggling and swindling people by impersonating to be Prime Minister's Secretariat officers. The anti-human smuggling cell of FIA made the arrest. The accused have been identified as Raja Zafar Abbas and Raja Mazhar Abbas. Zafar and Mazhar would cheat people on the pretext of sending them abroad and looted hundreds of thousands of rupees from them, said FIA officials. They added the accused would introduce themselves as officers of sensitive agencies and PM's Secretariat. Cases have been registered against them and their remand has been obtained.
At his introductory news conference, NL MVP Giancarlo Stanton shares his excitement over joining the Yankees. (0:55)
The New York Yankees officially added Giancarlo Stanton on Monday, signaling the Miami Marlins' biggest move in breaking up their club.
"This is going to be a great new chapter in my life and my career," Stanton said after donning his new No. 27 Yankees jersey at a news conference at the winter meetings in Lake Buena Vista, Florida.
Stanton said he spoke to new Marlins leader Derek Jeter about the direction of the franchise after the former Yankee shortstop's ownership group took over. Stanton thought the club had a good lineup and needed to add pitching. Jeter thought the club needed to subtract assets to rebuild.
"This has been quite the experience, quite the road to get here," Stanton said. "When I signed up in Miami I wanted things to work out, and I had a good vision there, but sometimes things spiral out of place and you need to find a new home."
When it became clear that Stanton would likely be moved, he gave the Marlins a list of teams he would accept a trade to. Jeter worked out possible deals with the Cardinals and Giants -- two teams that weren't on Stanton's list.
Stanton met with the clubs but was not convinced to go off his list. He ended up in New York with fellow slugger Aaron Judge.
"We're excited to get better together," Stanton said, adding that it "doesn't matter where I play" since both players were in right field last season.
Stanton added that he's not worried about the pressure of playing in the Big Apple.
"This is what I've always wanted. This is what I've dreamed of," he said.
Stanton was joined by Yankees general manager Brian Cashman, new manager Aaron Boone and managing partner Hal Steinbrenner.
"Today is a celebration for the New York Yankees, for our fan base and a celebration of one of the great players in our sport: Giancarlo Stanton," Boone said.
The Yankees made the trade for Stanton after the Jeter-led Marlins placed him in the holiday season discount bin because the new ownership group in Miami wanted to rid themselves of the remaining 10 years and $295 million on his contract.
The Marlins also saved by trading Dee Gordon to the Mariners.
The Yankees got Stanton for Starlin Castro and second-tier Single-A prospects in pitcher Jorge Guzman and infielder Jose Devers. The Marlins also owe the Yankees $30 million.
The Yankees would not have done the trade unless they could still fall under the luxury tax threshold of $197 million for the 2018 season, which will allow their tax rate on salaries from 50 percent. Sources said that Stanton's contract will only cost around $22 million for luxury tax purposes. This will allow the Yankees to possibly re-sign free agent CC Sabathia and possibly acquire another pitcher.
This is the second time the Yankees have acquired the MLB HR leader after a season in which they hit the most as a team. The only time the preceding home run leading team has traded for the home run champion, according to the Elias Bureau, were the 1920 Yankees, who acquired Babe Ruth, in 1919 from the Boston Red Sox. Ruth hit a season-high 29 in 1919, while the Yankees as a team swatted 45.
Along with Judge, Stanton will become just the second pair of teammates to have hit 50 homers in the previous season. The only other teammates to do it were the 1962 Yankee teammates, Roger Maris and Mickey Mantle.
The last MVP to be traded also owns a Yankee connection, as it was Alex Rodriguez, whom Cashman acquired at a discounted price from the Texas Rangers in 2003.
Information from ESPN's Andrew Marchand was used in this report.
Published:
The Federal High Court in Lagos has entered judgment against music video director, Clarence Peters, for alleged copyright infringement.
The judgment delivered by Justice Mojisola Olatoregun was in favour of Uwana Victor and Akan Victor, trading under the name, Black Alliance.
The judge, in the May 4, 2018 judgment, held that, “In the circumstances of this case, I have no doubt that the defendant (Peters) took advantage of the plaintiffs and infringed on their copyright.
“Both general and special damages are compensatory damages. General damages are loses which flow naturally from the defendant's conduct and its quantum need not be pleaded or proved as it is generally presumed by law.
“…I believe that the plaintiffs' claim for damages amount to general damages and in the circumstance, I believe general damages will adequately take care of the loses occasioned by the defendant's conduct. The sum of N5m only is awarded against the defendant.”
Peters has, however, headed for the Court of Appeal, seeking to set aside the judgment.
Share This
Feb 1 (Reuters) - Fifth Third Bancorp:
* ELECTS CARMICHAEL CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD
* SAYS CARMICHAEL REPLACES MARSHA WILLIAMS, WHO HAS BEEN ELECTED LEAD DIRECTOR
* ‍CARMICHAEL WILL RETAIN HIS TITLE OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
The site for Putney and Roehampton residents - and anyone planning to buy in Putney, eat or shop in SW15. For more on our aims, click here.
If you are viewing this text, your browser lacks the ability to read frames. Although you will need a browser that can handle frames to use our site, you can idea of the site by following some of the links below.
The front page contains all the latest information on Putney and Roehampton.
Our main sections are:
INFORMATION
We have comprehensive information on Putney including with schools and local councils. Our Calendar and events section lists events in Putney and Roehampton.
SERVICES
Our aim is created a comprehensive listing of anything you might need in the local area. This information will be kept up-to-date, and is always available via your computer.
PROPERTY
When you're seriously looking to buy or let, you need to know EVERYTHING that's available. That's where we make the difference. We already have over 600 houses for sale or to let in Putney, listed on our database, which is searchable by price/rent and number of bedrooms.
When “Destiny 2” expansion Warmind launches on May 8, PlayStation 4 players will get an exclusive new strike called the Insight Terminus, developer Bungie revealed Tuesday.
It apparently won't take place in Warmind's new region of Mars, called the Hellas Basin. Instead, guardians will help the Titan Zavala invade an alien stronghold on Nessus, where the Cabal are trying to take over old Vex technology.
Here is Bungie's full description of the strike:
“Zavala needs a team of guardians to break into a Vex tomb on Nessus that has been overrun by the Cabal. Defeat the powerful Psion commander before he can take over the Vex gateway network and reap the rewards.”
Additionally, PS4 owners will get a new set of armor for each of “Destiny 2's” playable classes: Titan, Hunter, and Warlock.
There's no word yet on when this content will come out, according to GameSpot, but publisher Activision Blizzard has confirmed it will be exclusively on PS4 until “at least fall 2018.”
Bungie shared a ton of new info about the Warmind expansion Tuesday during a Twitch live-stream. We now know its story will involve a long-lost guardian named Ana Bray, the Clovis Bray corporation, and the artificial intelligence Rasputin. It will also add a new public arena event called Escalation Protocol. It's a horde mode that tasks players with defeating waves of increasingly difficult enemies before time expires.
Finally, Bungie detailed the changes coming to “Destiny 2's” player vs. player Crucible mode. Starting with Season 3, there will be Crucible ranks and private matches, features the “Destiny” community has long asked for. Bungie is also giving “Destiny 2” players access to all Crucible maps, but they'll still have to buy the expansion to use the new Warmind maps during private matches.
The 4-star Budock Vean Hotel in Mawnan Smith has been awarded Silver accreditation against the Investors in People Standard, demonstrating its commitment to high performance through good people management.
The hotel, which also has a golf course, self-catering properties and a popular spa, employs a year- round staff of 85. The hotel has been in the private ownership of the Barlow family for 30 years, and is currently halfway through a refurbishment.
Investors in People is the international standard for people management, defining what it takes to lead, support and manage people effectively to achieve sustainable results.
Paul Devoy, head of Investors in People, said: “We'd like to congratulate Martin Barlow and team at Budock Vean Hotel, Investors in People accreditation is the sign of a great employer, an outperforming place to work and a clear commitment to success. Budock Vean Hotel should be extremely proud of their achievement.”
Owner Martin Barlow said: “I'm thrilled to see the hard work of our management team and all our staff recognised in this way. Communication between teams here is vital to our success, and we invest in our staff with training, mentoring and apprenticeships to ensure they achieve their full potential.”
Aug 11, 2017; Charlotte, NC, USA; Hideki Matsuyama plays from a bunker on the 16th hole during the second round of the 2017 PGA Championship at Quail Hollow Club. Mandatory Credit: Michael Madrid-USA TODAY Sports
CHARLOTTE, North Carolina (Reuters) - Hideki Matsuyama charged into position to become the first Japanese man to win a major after joining Kevin Kisner in the second-round lead on eight-under-par at the PGA Championship on Friday.
Matsuyama took advantage of greens softened by an afternoon storm, reeling off five birdies in a six-hole stretch with a series of pinpoint approach shots to card a seven-under-par 64, a course record in light of the redesign of Quail Hollow before the championship.
He and American Kisner, who earlier fired a near-flawless 67, are two strokes ahead of Australian Jason Day (66), back in form after a recent flat patch.
"I was grateful for the rain delay because I was getting tired. I was able to lay down in the locker room and get some rest," world number three Matsuyama said.
"I think what was making me tired was I wasn't hitting my driver like I wanted to. I was hitting fairways but I wasn't getting the crisp contact that I was hoping for with my driver."
Matsuyama, the pressure of an entire country on his shoulders, said he did not know whether he would be nervous over the weekend.
"This is my first experience leading a major, or tied for the lead after 36 holes. And so being a new experience, maybe I'll be a little nervous, but on the other hand, I'm looking forward to the weekend and seeing how I do."
Kisner, meanwhile, used his 'Texas wedge' from off the green to sink a 47-foot putt at the par-five seventh -- his 16th hole -- and vault clear of the field, at least for a while.
The 33-year-old from South Carolina has won twice on the PGA Tour, and has also lost four times in playoffs.
Aug 11, 2017; Charlotte, NC, USA; Kevin Kisner waits on the 11th tee during the second round of the 2017 PGA Championship at Quail Hollow Club. Mandatory Credit: Rob Schumacher-USA TODAY Sports
Recent hard work tweaking his swing is paying off.
"I've always fought a push to the right and got sick and tired of it,” he said. “Hitting fairways are key.
“I'm hitting the ball really nice and things are going my way. The bad shots are working out and the good shots are working out and I'm making a lot of putts.”
Slideshow (7 Images)
DAY DOES HIS BEST BOLT IMPERSONATION
Day, the 2015 champion, ran down the final fairway to finish before darkness completely enveloped the course, the result of the earlier near two-hour stoppage that prevented 26 players from completing their round.
"It was nice to be able to drive the way I did today and set myself up with the opportunities and being able to capitalise on those opportunities felt even better," he said.
"Because they were the two things that were missing pretty much the whole year is my driving and my putting, and being able to combine that today, just felt like the old days, which is only last year."
Further back, the hopes of championship favourite Rory McIlroy and grand slam seeker Jordan Spieth are hanging by a thread, 10 and 11 strokes behind respectively.
The second round will resume on Saturday at 7.30 a.m. local time (1130 GMT). American Chris Stroud is best placed among those yet to complete the round, five-under with five holes left.
Sweden, left, and Switzerland players listen for the national anthems prior to the start of the round of 16 match between Switzerland and Sweden at the 2018 soccer World Cup in the St. Petersburg Stadium, in St. Petersburg, Russia, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. Dmitri Lovetsky AP Photo
For years, reporters were content to obscure their ideological dogmas and partisan goals behind the pretense of objectivity and detachment. Though the Washington Post, New York Times, and CNN practiced combat journalism against conservatives and Republicans, they did so while aspiring to professional standards of facticity and fairness, and applying, every now and then, scrutiny to liberals and Democrats worthy of investigation.
Donald Trump changed that, of course. He is so unusual a figure, and his behavior so outlandish, that his rise precipitated a crisis in a profession already decimated by the collapse of print circulation and advertising dollars. The forces that brought Trump to power are alien to the experience of the men and women who populate newsrooms, his supporters unlike their colleagues, friends, and neighbors, his agenda anathema to the catechism of social liberalism, his career and business empire complex and murky and sensational. Little surprise that journalists reacted to his election with a combination of panic, fear, disgust, fascination, exhilaration, and the self-affirming belief that they remain the last line of defense against an emerging American autocracy. Who has time for dispassionate analysis, for methodical research and reporting, when the president's very being is an assault on one's conception of self, when nothing less than the future of the country is at stake? Especially when the depletion of veteran editors, the relative youth and inexperience of political and congressional reporters, and the proliferation of social media, with its hot takes and quips, its groupthink and instant gratification, makes the transition from inquiry to indignation all too easy.
There is still excellent journalism. I would point, for starters, to the work on charter flights that led to the resignation of Tom Price. But the overall tone of coverage of this president and his administration is somewhere between the hysterical and the lunatic. Journalists are trapped in a condition of perpetual outrage, seizing on every rumor of discontent and disagreement, reflexively denouncing Trump's every utterance and action, unable to distinguish between genuinely unusual behavior (the firing of Comey, the tenure of Anthony Scaramucci, the “fine people on both sides” quip after Charlottesville) and the elements of Trump's personality and program that voters have already, so to speak, “priced in.” Supposedly authoritative news organizations have in one case taken up bizarre mottoes, like “Democracy Dies in Darkness,” and in another acted passive-aggressively by filing Trump stories under “entertainment,” only to re-categorize the material as news with the disclaimer (since dropped) that Trump is “a serial liar, rampant xenophobe, racist, misogynist, and birther.” The mode of knee-jerk disgust not only prevents the mainstream media from distinguishing between the genuinely interesting stories and the false, partisan, and hackwork ones. It also has had the effect of further marginalizing print and broadcast journalists from middle America.
The other day, for example, Bob Schieffer observed on Face the Nation that one in five journalists live in New York, D.C., or Los Angeles. The news is manufactured by residents of the liberal bubble, where conservatives are few and far between (and certainly do not sound like Sarah Palin), jobs are plenty, education is high, and the benefits of globalization manifest in cheap prices, exotic restaurants, and a reserve labor force of cleaners, contractors, and home-care specialists. Can't say I was shocked when Schieffer's finding passed barely noticed, the consciences of the press untroubled by the fact that their experiences and backgrounds are so unlike the majority of the public whose interest they presume to uphold.
Nor was I stunned when a major report from the Pew Research Center found that “about six-in-ten news stories about Trump's first 60 days (62 percent) carried an overall negative assessment of his words and actions. That is about three times more negative than for Obama (20 percent) and roughly twice that of Bush and Clinton (28 percent each).” This, at a time when the stock market is at record highs, the economy is at full employment, and Americans are upbeat about the recovery. The president's inability to register majority approval in opinion polls may be unprecedented, but so is the amount of negative coverage he has received. Perhaps there's a connection.
Trump does not change, but his critics in the media have. Their feelings of revulsion toward him have deepened. Their eagerness to oppose him has become more acute. The scope of their vision has constricted to include only Trump: what he says, tweets, and does. The context in which he operates is invisible to them. When he raises the question of what the ultimate outcome of the removal of Confederate statues might be, the critics slag him as a racist, but do not dwell for long on polling that shows him to be in the center of public opinion. When he voices what many have felt about the politicization of the NFL and the attack on the flag and national anthem, the critics say he is being divisive and insensitive. But why is it always Trumping who is being divisive, and not those who say the flag and anthem are symbols of white supremacy, and who raise fists in the black-power salute?
Trump does not change, but his critics in the media have. Their feelings of revulsion toward him have deepened. Their eagerness to oppose him has become more acute.
Ever since Hurricane Maria devastated Puerto Rico, I have looked up from my desk to find San Juan mayor Carmen Yulín Cruz on CNN attacking the White House response. Her selection of hats and T-shirts was far more varied than her anti-Trump message. Her verbal assaults mounted to the point where she accused him of presiding over “something close to a genocide.” Yet when Trump defended himself and FEMA on Twitter the next morning, it was he, not she, who was “lashing out.”
The desire on the part of Trump's critics for Maria to become his “Katrina moment” is palpable. It has led reporters to disregard their own previous work on the dismal condition of Puerto Rico's governance, finances, infrastructure, education, and public-health systems, not to mention the fact that it is more than a thousand miles away from the mainland. It has inspired articles suggesting that an influx of Puerto Ricans to Florida “could well prove to be a boon to Democrats.” (They said the same thing before 2016.) It spurred Paul Krugman to circulate the fake news that cholera had appeared on the island. Most ridiculous was the Bloomberg story, “Trump's Puerto Rico Feud May Cause Lasting Damage to the GOP,” whose authoritative and objective sources included an academic, Chuck Schumer, Bernie Sanders, and John Brennan.
As I watched Trump visit the island Tuesday, I saw crowds that looked pleased to see him, eager for his help, and even chuckling at his irreverence. Yet the commentary from D.C.- and New York-based pundits, uniformly hostile to the president, was that his appearance was an unmitigated, embarrassing, insulting disaster. Whom to believe, the folks who thought Hillary had it in the bag, or my own lying eyes?
“Media-driven myths are tales of doubtful authenticity, false or improbable claims masquerading as factual,” writes W. Joseph Campbell in Getting It Wrong: Debunking the Greatest Myths of American Journalism. “In a way, they are the junk food of journalism—alluring and delicious, perhaps, but not especially wholesome or nourishing.” If that is the case, then since Trump's inauguration the media have been bingeing on Frito Lays. Among Campbell's subjects is the “flawed and exaggerated” coverage of the Bush administration's response to Hurricane Katrina. “On crucial details, journalists erred badly and got it wrong.” Perish the thought that journalists might be getting some of the crucial details of the Trump administration's response to Hurricane Maria wrong, as well.
By the time of the mass shooting in Las Vegas, and the inevitable calls for gun control in its aftermath, I was once again reminded that much of what I read or watch contains no information whatsoever. “It has become impossible to report just ‘facts' about gun violence,” tweeted a reporter for NBC, without any acknowledgment that if he is tired of “facts” he might have chosen the wrong profession. Then again, maybe he's in exactly the right place.
What passes for news today is speculation and advocacy, wishful thinking and self-fashioning, mindless jabber and affirmations of virtue, removed from objective reality and common sense. The content is intended not for the public but for other media. In a recent interview with Peter J. Boyer about her institution's study of press coverage of Trump, Amy Mitchell said, “One of the things that was interesting to see was that, while the topic of the news media was not a huge percentage of overall coverage, journalists were both the second most common source type and the second most common ‘trigger' of the stories.” The CNN anchors aren't talking to you. They are talking to one another.
The conversations that journalists in New York and D.C. and L.A. trigger among themselves have very little to do with the conversations between most people, in most places, at most times. The conversations are self-referential, self-sustaining, self-validating, and selfishly concern one topic: the president of the United States. That may be why his critics in the press are so fixated on his tweets. Twitter is his way of talking back. It's how he pops the liberal media bubble.
— Matthew Continetti is the editor-in-chief of the Washington Free Beacon, where this column first appeared. © 2017 All rights reserved
A 42-22 WIN over bottom club Widnes Vikings completed a perfect Easter for Leeds Rhinos, but the margin was less comfortable than it could have been.
Leeds, backing up from their Good Friday victory at Hull, looked in complete command when they led 30-6 at half-time.
But Widnes scored three tries in eight second-half minutes to cut the gap to just eight points and Rhinos were reeling before late tries by Kallum Watkins and Matt Parcell sealed the win.
Leeds moved level on points with Super League leaders Castleford Tigers and their coach Brian McDermott was not too concerned by the second-half wobble. He said: “There were a couple of things involved in that, not the least Widnes' desire to get back into the game.
“I think we were running at something like a 40 per cent completion rate in the second half and I don't care who you are, how good a coach you are or what type of team you've got, nobody can keep challenging against any team like that.
“They are a determined team. The last thing we wanted to do was give them an invite into the game and that's exactly what we did.
I won't get too wrapped up in the second half. Our first-half performance was great and we are gaining confidence, especially with the ball. Leeds Rhinos' head coach, Brian McDermott.
“Credit to Widnes, they made it a contest when, if we had gone about things differently, it never would have been.
“I won't get too wrapped up in the second half. Our first-half performance was great and we are gaining confidence, especially with the ball.”
Leeds were without Ashton Golding and Liam Sutcliffe due to injuries suffered at Hull and lost Anthony Mullally who suffered suspected broken ribs.
Stevie Ward and Brett Delaney played through niggling injuries and Ash Handley made an earlier-than-expected return from a knee problem.
Joel Moon touched down twice in the first half and Watkins, who converted all Leeds' seven tries, Parcell and Tom Briscoe also crossed.
Tom Gilmore scored either side of half-time and kicked three goals and Chris Houston and Corey Thompson also went over before Leeds regained control.
Leeds Rhinos: Handley, Briscoe, Watkins, Ward, Hall, McGuire, Moon, Galloway, Parcell, Cuthbertson, Jones-Buchanan, Delaney, Mullally. Substitutes: Burrow, Garbutt, Walters, Baldwinson.
Widnes Vikings: Thompson, Marsh, Armstrong, Runciman, Ah Van, Gilmore, Craven, E Chapelhow, White, Buchanan, Dean, Houston, Farnsworth. Substitutes: Dudson, Walsh, Burke, Johnstone.
Referee: S Mikalauskas (Warrington).
Fort Wayne, IN. (WOWO) – Fort Wayne police are in search of 30 year old Christopher Fugate, a convicted sex offender, for breaking parole.
On January 29th, Fugate removed his GPS monitor, evading parole supervision. He was sentenced to three years in 2015 for Sexual misconduct with a minor, Class B felony, in Steuben County.
Fugate is to be considered armed and dangerous according to the Indiana Department of Corrections. Police ask that if you see him to please call law enforcement immediately.
If you are good, you will be assigned all the work. If you are real good, you will get out of it.
LONDON (Reuters Breakingviews) - John Cryan is “not yet satisfied” with Deutsche Bank's results, following a third consecutive annual net loss. He can say that again. Last month's profit warning meant investors knew what was coming, but Deutsche still managed to give them an unpleasant surprise.
Cryan has some positives to cling to. A 29 percent fourth-quarter drop year-on-year in fixed income sales and trading revenues was better than some U.S. peers. Last year, Cryan managed to strip out an impressive 900 million euros in core costs. The bank made a 1.28 billion euro pre-tax profit compared to a pre-tax loss last year, albeit due to lower impairments and litigation expenses. And a common equity Tier 1 ratio of 14 percent is well in excess of a 13 percent target, hinting that shareholders may be able to expect meaningful resumption of dividends this year, particularly if the planned partial listing of the lender's asset management division occurs.
The problem remains a lack of top-line growth. Including equities, Citi analysts reckon combined quarterly sales and trading revenue underperformed U.S. peers year-on-year. Poor results from the investment bank were expected. But annual revenues were flat at the private and commercial bank and increased by just 2 percent at the showpiece asset management division, even allowing for lost income from “strategic disposals”.
In this light, the abandonment of the group cost target adds a blow upon a bruise. Cryan now aims for 23 billion euros in adjusted costs in 2018 versus 22 billion euros guided previously, thanks to changes in timing to planned disposals. Deutsche said this will be “more than offset” by retaining those assets' revenue streams. That is cold comfort, however, if the pernicious trend of revenue falling faster than costs continues. Even stripping out Deutsche's myriad one-offs, adjusted costs fell by 4 percent year-on-year compared to adjusted revenues declining by 5 percent.
The result is a near one-fifth decline in tangible book value over the year. After a 6 percent decline on Friday the bank's shares traded at around half book value. Until top-line growth recovers, such a discount will persist.
HARARE, Zimbabwe — Pakistan had five balls to spare when it beat Zimbabwe by seven wickets on Wednesday and eliminated the African host from the Twenty20 tri-series tournament.
Solomon Mire missed out on the chance to become Zimbabwe's first century-maker in a T20 international as his 94-run knock carried Zimbabwe to 162-4 after captain Hamilton Masakadza lost his first toss in the tri-series and his team was put in to bat.
Opener Fakhar Zaman (47) and Hussain Talat (44) led Pakistan to 163-3 in 19.1 overs against an inexperienced bowling attack as Pakistan registered its second win against Zimbabwe.
It was Zimbabwe's third straight loss.
The All Blacks are back at the Sydney hotel where the listening-device saga unfolded last year, overshadowing the opening Bledisloe Cup Test.
Court case? What court case?
One year later, the All Blacks have returned to the InterContinental hotel in Sydney's Double Bay, scene of the bug saga that damaged trans-Tasman rugby relations.
The ensuing court case launched over the belatedly reported listening device resumes this week and could conclude on the eve of Saturday's Bledisloe Cup opener at ANZ Stadium.
New Zealand's security consultant Adrian Gard is facing a charge of making a false statement to police, pleading not guilty.
All Blacks playmaker Beauden Barrett gave sardonically short shrift to the prospect of more bug headlines becoming a distraction.
"Is that on at the moment is it?" Barrett asked reporters on Monday, when quizzed about the court case.
"Oh, OK.
"We're focusing on our footy, so we'll let the court take care of that."
An All Blacks official had asked journalists to steer clear of the topic during Monday's media conference, saying it would not be appropriate for players to comment on a current court matter.
The listening device found in a team room at the hotel overshadowed last year's opening Bledisloe Cup Test in Sydney.
The Wallabies were infuriated with the timing of the story, which broke in a New Zealand newspaper on the morning of the Test, and also felt there was an inference they may be connected, though the All Blacks never suggested as much.
"We had policemen in our offices asking us questions, asking our management questions. That's serious stuff to be accusing people of and it's not true," coach Michael Cheika said last October.
The All Blacks' management clearly have no qualms checking back into the InterContinental hotel, while Barrett had no issues returning to the eastern suburbs of Sydney.
"We love being back in Double Bay, yeah, it's a great place to stay," he said.
"It was a great night's sleep last night."
Rafiullah Mandokhail
Zhob
The court of the district and sessions judge awarded death sentence, imprisonments and imposed fines on four convicts involved in separate murder cases. The District and Sessions Judge Nasir Khan Yousafzai announced the judgment. The police produced the accused before the court, where they were found guilty in murder cases. After hearing witnesses and analyzing the evidences, the judge imposed fines and announced imprisonment to the accused.
According to an official at the court, the District and Sessions Judge Nasir Khan Yousafzai sentenced to death convict Shehzado besides a fine of Rs. 200,000 in a murder case under section 302 of the Pakistan Penal Code (PPC). According to the prosecution, he was found guilty of stabbing a man after exchange of harsh words last year.
Meanwhile, the Sessions Judge sentenced two brothers Ajab Khan S/O Qadir Khan and Fateh Khan son of Qadir Khan 25 years' imprisonment in a murder case. The court also ordered the convicts to submit a fine of Rs. 200,000 each. Prominent lawyer of Balochistan high court Advocate Samad Khan Mandokhail fallowed the cases on behalf of the victims' families. The court also handed down 25 years imprisonment sentence to the convict Dilbar Khan S/O Akber Khan in a murder case and also imposed fine of Rs. 105,000.
Iran Focus
London, 6 Oct - A team of Iranian hackers used Facebook to target Deloitte, one of the world's biggest accounting firms, according to Forbes.
One Deloitte employee fell victim to the scam in late 2016 at roughly the same time as a separate hack which affected Deloitte data in Microsoft's Azure cloud-hosting service.
The hacking group known as OilRig, which as Forbes pointed out in July were believed to have been working for the Iranian Regime, created a fake Facebook profile for a beautiful, charming woman using the name Mia Ash.
In July 2016, the creators of the fictitious Mia began getting a Deloitte cybersecurity employee and engaging him in conversations about his job via the website's chat function.
As their relationship grew, the unnamed employee offered to help set Mis up with a website for her alleged business and then eventually, she convinced him to open a document containing malware on his work computer.
Though this malware did not infect the wider company network, it shows how easily the hackers were able to manipulate a security worker, who helped clients to defend themselves against similar digital attacks, and how they could do it again.
James Lewis, a former U.S. diplomat and cybersecurity expert at the Center for Strategic and International Studies, said: "This kind of thing is effective because men can't help themselves apparently."
Lewis continued by saying that we should ask why the employee was targeted and whether it was because of his job role or the company, although either option is worrying.
Lewis said: "In a couple instances the Iranians have been really clever: they don't go after the primary target, they go after the secondary... the Deloitte guy might have been interesting only because of who he was connected to."
Although OilRig doesn't do a lot of hacking outside the Middle East, this latest breach is very worrying.
Lewis said: "It's been a steady upward path for [the Regime], starting a decade ago. They test on their citizens, they practise every week against Israel. They've relationships with the Russians, Chinese and North Koreans, and in at least two of those - Russia and North Korea - we know they've exchanged tactics tools and procedures for cyber."
Mia's profile was creates using images and information stoled from a real-life photographer, Cristina Mattei, from Romania. The hackers also created multiple social media profiles for her so that a Google search wouldn't show up anything suspicious.
Indeed, SecureWorks cybersecurity researcher Allison Wikoff said that this was one of the most developed fake personas she'd ever seen.
Mia was also used to befriend an Asia-based cybersecurity professional at Deloitte until February 2017, when she also sent him a file- supposedly of photos of her- to open on his work laptop. Thankfully, this was caught by a malware detector.
LIMA (Reuters) - Peru condemns the threatened use of force in Venezuela and is negotiating a written response with other nations in the region, Foreign Minister Ricardo Luna said in a statement sent exclusively to Reuters on Saturday.
U.S. President Donald Trump on Friday threatened military intervention in Venezuela, a surprise escalation of Washington's response to the nation's political crisis. Caracas disparaged the threat as "craziness."
Peru under President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski has taken the toughest stance toward Venezuela's socialist regime as President Nicolas Maduro seeks to consolidate power and crack down on anti-government protests and unrest that have left 120 dead since April.
But the day after expelling Venezuela's ambassador in Lima, Peru said force is not the answer.
“All foreign or domestic threats to resort to force undermine the goal of reinstating democratic governance in Venezuela, as well as the principles enshrined in the UN charter,” Luna's statement said.
Venezuelan authorities have long said U.S. officials were planning an invasion, and Maduro has accused Latin American countries critical of his government of being part of an "imperialist" conspiracy. A former military general told Reuters earlier this year that some anti-aircraft missiles had been placed along the country's coast because of that possibility.
I look young for my age. I'm asked frequently if my pictures on my profile are recent. I always say yes, they are, they were taken last week. Guys generally don't know what to say to me after that, at least the good ones. The truly gross ones want to know if I'll come over. Do these men think all women over 40 are desperate? I can say with total confidence that we're not.
I've been single for a few years. I don't have a lot of time or patience for dating, but I have found that dating at this age has been perplexing. The good ones, who have had a marriage end or are suddenly single for some reason, get snapped up quickly and never make it online.
Angela is a 44-year-old small-business owner who lives in the west end. She says “My personal style is functional, clean and comfortable. That's it.” Angela says she is “Fun, with a great sense of humour. I have two mottos: ‘Run into your life' and ‘Say yes to everything.' They get me in trouble sometimes.” When she isn't working, which is rare, Angela likes to go rock climbing, take a class with a friend or a date — “a little friendly competition doesn't hurt, conversation comes naturally, and you can learn a lot about someone” — and relax at home. She wants to date someone who is “youthful, fun, sexy and spontaneous, but mature and dignified.”
I met this guy online. Rick was smart and funny in his messages, and we had a good time talking about politics and movies. He had travelled, like I had, and we had a lot in common, or so I thought. He seemed like a rational, professional adult male.
He asked me if I would go to lunch with him. I liked that idea. Coffee can be boring and dinner can be too intimate for a first date. He told me to choose a restaurant where I felt comfortable, which my silly dating mind thought was so sweet of him. Rick spotted me as I was walking into the restaurant and came right over. The first thing he did, before we had even properly introduced ourselves, was neg me: he gave me a backhanded compliment about my appearance. I didn't really react. This was not off to a great start.
He held the door open for me, which was a nice touch, and we sat down. The restaurant was mostly empty, since we were there on the early side. I wasn't enthused about how it was going so far, but thought, OK, I'm here, let's see how this goes. I tried to have a good attitude about it.
I don't know what he was thinking. I don't know what I was saying in that moment. But shortly after we started talking, I felt Rick's sock foot touching my leg under the table. I guess he was trying to be seductive. I could feel his toes rubbing my skin under the folds of my dress, which he must have thought was an oh-so-sexy move. It was absurd, and a total turnoff.
I could feel my eyes get wide. I said “No. No. No!” When he didn't move his foot right away, I reached under the table and moved it myself, looking around to see if anyone had noticed this outrageous exchange. As tough as I can be, as strong and independent, I didn't just walk out. Instead, I tried to reset the scene. I told him that that was not happening. He just shrugged, non-reactive.
Our food came. Trying again to get something going, Rick complimented my looks, saying I was sexy and very obviously staring at my body. I said “Really? You need to stop it.” That time, he got the message.
After lunch, standing outside the restaurant, I tried to decide what to do. Ending the date right there seemed abrupt. Rick's behaviour suggested that he wanted some kind of sex toy, not a partner, but we had spent so much time texting and emailing before the date and all of it had been good. Sometimes people don't showcase themselves well on a first date. I decided to give him a break.
I asked Rick if he wanted to have a drink and some dessert, thinking a more casual environment might be more relaxing and help him knock off the machismo act. We sat and talked and actually had a nice conversation. It wasn't enough to make up for what happened at lunch, but it was fine.
We actually shook hands after the date and he promised to call me. I silently pledged that I would never speak to him again. He texted the next day. I didn't respond and haven't heard from him since.
Angela rates her date (out of 10): 1
Want to be a dating diarist? Email datingdiariescontact@gmail.com
Buy Photo AAA Michigan says gas prices statewide have risen by about 7 cents per gallon in the past week. (Photo: David Guralnick / The Detroit News)Buy Photo
Dearborn — AAA Michigan says gas prices statewide have risen by about 7 cents per gallon in the past week.
The Dearborn-based auto club says early Monday the average price for self-serve regular unleaded gasoline was about $2.51 per gallon. Prices are about 24 cents more than at the same point last year.
Michigan's lowest average price was about $2.45 per gallon in the Traverse City area. The highest was about $2.62 per gallon in the Marquette area. It was the second consecutive week that the Marquette area had the highest average.
The Detroit-area's average rose about 1 cent to $2.50 per gallon.
AAA Michigan surveys daily fuel prices at 2,800 gas stations across the state.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2iQuPXH
© 2001–2017 SBC. All rights reserved unless stated otherwise.
SBC is a registered trademark for Somali Broadcasting Corporation, Ltd.
© 2001–2018 SBC. All rights reserved unless stated otherwise.
SBC is a registered trademark for Somali Broadcasting Corporation, Ltd.
© 2001–2017 SBC. All rights reserved unless stated otherwise.
SBC is a registered trademark for Somali Broadcasting Corporation, Ltd.
Google has continued its slow and steady China strategy after it launched Files Go, a files management service for Android devices. The app launched to global markets last year but today it landed in China via four third-party app stores.
Named ‘Google 文件极客' in China, the app helps users keep within the storage limits of their device by suggesting files to delete if they need to free up space. It also includes feature for finding files and sharing them to local devices without an internet connection. Like a solid internet connection, keeping enough free space on a device is critical to it running efficiently and quickly which is Files Go aims to help.
Files Go was designed for India, where budget Android phones are mainstream, but interest in the app was so widespread that it was later launched worldwide. Indeed, the U.S. is now the third-largest market for the app, Josh Woodward, a product manager within Google's ‘Next Billion' team, told TechCrunch in an interview.
Given that global demand, bringing the app to China, where Google is testing out new strategies, makes plenty of sense. The launch also allows Google to work with third-party app stores for distribution since the Google Play Store is banned in China. It selected Tencent, Xiaomi, Huawei and Baidu and the experience is sure to help Google figure out the lay of the land.
Google's services remain banned in the country, but this is the third product launch it has made in China following the return of Google Translate last year and this week's launch of ACCore.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump's fellow Republicans in the U.S. House of Representatives released on Friday a previously classified memo that portrays senior officials from the Federal Bureau of Investigation and Justice Department as being biased against him in the federal investigation into potential collusion between his 2016 presidential campaign and Russia.
Here is what is in play:
HOW DID THE MEMO COME TO BE?
The four-page document was commissioned and eventually made public by Representative Devin Nunes of California, the Republican chairman of the House Intelligence Committee who served on the president's transition team before Trump took office in January 2017.
It was written by committee Republicans, who then voted to make it public over the objections of the panel's Democrats. The Federal Bureau of Investigation and Justice Department argued against its release, with the FBI expressing “grave concerns about material omissions of fact.” Trump had the authority to block its release, but allowed it to be made public without redactions.
The panel Republicans voted against releasing a memo written by its Democratic members at the same time. Democrats said the intent of the memo was to undermine Special Counsel Robert Mueller's ongoing criminal investigation into the potential collusion with Moscow and whether Trump has committed obstruction of justice in trying to impede the probe.
WHAT DOES THE MEMO SAY?
The memo raised questions about what its Republican authors called “the legitimacy and legality” of FBI and Justice Department interactions with a special court to gain permission to eavesdrop on former Trump campaign advisor Carter Page, an oil industry consultant with numerous contacts in Russia. It cited “a troubling breakdown of legal processes established to protect the American people from abuses” related to the court, set up under the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act.
While the memo focuses on an October 2016 court application for electronic surveillance of Page, it omits the fact that Page had come to the FBI's attention much earlier, when he met in 2013 with Russians in New York who were officers of the Kremlin's foreign intelligence service.
Page also traveled to Moscow in July 2016, while he was a Trump campaign adviser, where he met a senior Russian official and gave a speech friendly to Russia. He again visited Moscow in December 2016, when he would have been under U.S. electronic surveillance.
The memo claims that a dossier of alleged Trump-Russia contacts compiled by former British spy Christopher Steele and funded in part by U.S. Democrats formed an “essential part” of requests for electronic surveillance on Page that began in October 2016. Steele's dossier contains a number of inflammatory and salacious allegations about Trump and his connections to Russia.
The memo said the initial application to the court and subsequent renewal applications did not mention the link between Steele and the Democrats. It also portrayed Steele as biased, saying he “was desperate that Donald Trump not get elected and was passionate about him not being president.”
WHY DOES IT MATTER?
The big issue is whether Trump uses the memo as rational for firing Deputy U.S. Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, who appointed Mueller in May 2017 after the president fired FBI Director James Comey and oversees Mueller's work, or even for trying to oust Mueller himself.
Democrats said the memo mischaracterizes highly sensitive classified information as part of a coordinated propaganda effort to discredit the FBI and Justice Department and terminate Mueller's investigation, which potentially threatens Trump's presidency.
House intelligence committee Democrats said Nunes refused to answer about whether the Republican staff who wrote the memo had coordinated its drafting with the White House.
U.S. intelligence agencies have concluded that Russia interfered in the 2016 presidential campaign using hacking and propaganda, an effort that eventually included attempting to tilt the race in Trump's favor.
Republican Senator John McCain, a critic of Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin, said the document's release served no American interests -- “no party‘s, no president‘s, only Putin‘s.”
WHAT ARE OTHER POSSIBLE CONSEQUENCES OF MEMO‘S RELEASE?
The memo's release widened the divide between Democrats and Republicans and had the potential to diminish the credibility of congressional investigations into the Russia matter that are proceeding in parallel with Mueller's probe.
Its release also could weaken long-standing cooperation between lawmakers and intelligence agencies, which have shared classified information with Congress with the understanding that it would never be made public.
Farmers sign up now for free service
Local farmer, Kevin Zylstra, has found a solution for leftover ag and silage plastic.
Since starting his baling business in 2015, Zylstra came across one common question. “Customers started asking me what they could do with the plastic around the bales,” he said. This prompted Zylstra to look into possible ways to dispose of the plastic, other than just throwing it away. He was referred to Revolution Plastics, which provides farms and dairies with on-farm ag and silage plastic collection.
Revolution Plastics would provide service for farms in Southwest Minnesota with enough interest from local farmers. “They bring a free dumpster out and you fill it up with the plastic,” said Zylstra. “Once it's full you call them and they'll come pick it up for free.” Each individual farm would receive their own dumpster.
For the complete article, please see the February 15th edition of the Edgerton Enterprise!
Kate Upton once again graces the Sports Illustrated swimsuit issue cover. This is the third year she's earned the honor after back-to-back appearances in 2012 and 2013. She revealed three versions of the cover on Jimmy Kimmel Live.
Here they are.
Kate Upton is back! Get your issue at newsstands today! pic.twitter.com/MtVHEwDyj0 — SI Swimsuit (@SI_Swimsuit) February 15, 2017
That the SI swimsuit edition exists in 2017 is controversial. But we're not about to dive into that minefield. Instead let's focus on how long ago peak Upton internet feels. So much has happened in a relatively short time. Whatever happened behind the scenes to bring it back, it comes with a nice nostalgic feeling.
Guerrilla Economist Rogue Money
Rogue Money is a economics-based digital magazine and radio show with in-depth news and analysis which stays ahead of the market and global events. Top market strategists and think tank contributors capture tomorrow's headlines here.
BANGKOK, 1 January 2017 (NNT) – Prime Minister Prayut Chan-o-cha has instructed all government units to urgently develop “Thai people 4.0” in preparation for the changing world. He suggested that they use technology to create jobs and propel the economy.
Government Spokesman Lt.Gen. Sansern Kaewkamnerd said in 2017 the government would focus on developing people for the “Thailand 4.0” policy that would move Thailand forward with innovation, knowledge and technology. The PM emphasized that the heart of the policy was to develop Thais to have more knowledge and higher skills with responsibility for the society, said the government spokesman.
Full story: NNT
Reporter: Suwit Rattiwan
THANK YOU!
You're almost done - Activate your subscription
You've just been sent an email that contains a confirmation link. In order to activate your subscription, check your email and click on the link.
You will not receive your subscription until you click that link to activate it.
If you don't see that email in your inbox please check your Bulk/Spam folder.
We Are Social
NSW Department of Primary Industries researchers tag and release a shark caught on a SMART Drumline off the Coffs Coast.
TEN shark management alerts and real time shark drumlines have been installed off the Coffs Coast.
The drumlines will be situated from Diggers Beach down to Sawtell, while the listening station will be based in Coffs Harbour.
This move comes as part of the NSW Government's $16 million Shark Management Strategy.
The SMART drumlines are not designed or operated to kill sharks but rather as a "shark bite mitigation” measure according to the DPI website.
A NSW DPI spokeswoman said 138 tagged great white sharks were actively being tracked.
Since the start of the program, there has been very few shark mortalities
"There has been only one mortality of a white shark on SMART drumlines,” the spokeswoman said.
SMART drumlines are made up of two buoys, a satellite-linked communication unit attached to a trace and baited hook which is secured by an anchor and rope.
The drumlines are installed about 500m offshore, away from swimmers and surfers.
When a shark is hooked, the line triggers an alert. A team of DPI scientists or contractors then respond to manage the animal.
When a target shark is caught on the drumlines, it allows researchers to gain a better understanding of their movements and distribution using tracking methods.
The tagged shark is then released about 1km offshore.
Recent DPI tracks of tagged sharks showed sharks often moved further offshore immediately after release in the first 24-48 hours.
Tagged sharks are tracked by scientists, who monitor their movements to better understand any travel patterns.
When a tagged shark swims past any of the 21 acoustic listening stations, it's broadcast automatically via the DPI SharkSmart Twitter account @NSWSharkSmart and on the SharkSmart app.
SMART drumlines have been used extensively on the North Coast since December 2015.
This month 50 SMART drumlines will be rolled out in the region including Coffs Harbour, Forster/Tuncurry, Kiama to Shell Cove and Ulladulla to Narrawallee. These locations were selected using historical data and recent aerial surveillance.
Great white sharks, tiger sharks and bull sharks are the targeted species of the program.
According to the DPI website, SMART drumline have proven effective in catching the targeted species with minimal bycatch and mortality.
The technology will be fine tuned as research continues and animal activity will be videoed.
Tampa Bay Rays' Wilson Ramos, right, is congratulated by Carlos Gomez (27) after hitting a home run off Oakland Athletics' Daniel Gossett during the third inning of a baseball game Tuesday, May 29, 2018, in Oakland, Calif. Ben Margot Associated Press
Roseanne Barr and Donald Trump
Yesterday, ABC decided to sever ties with its Roseanne reboot following a racist Twitter tirade by the show's star Roseanne Barr. While public scandals are often hard to bounce back from — consider Pusha T's savage takedown of Drake less than 24 hours ago — it appears Roseanne may actually get a second, err third, chance at a revival.
As The Daily Beast reports, former Trump campaign aide Michael Caputo wants to bring Roseanne back on the air via Bond, an online streaming startup where he serves as chief marketing officer. After ABC's cancellation announcement, Caputo and his Bond colleagues “immediately” got in touch with Barr about joining their TV network. “We always planned on reaching out to Roseanne [Barr] eventually,” Caputo said. “Now it's sooner rather than later.”
Despite Barr's troubled past — the racist rant against Valerie Jarrett is hardly her first public transgression — ABC took a chance on the rebooted sitcom partially because of its ability to draw in a large demographic that includes Trump supporters (Barr's blue-collar character herself is a proud supporter). Caputo and Bond want to capitalize on that same business strategy.
(Read: Roseanne says Ambien is to blame for her racist Twitter tirade)
“Bond even used the Roseanne reboot as a model for the type of programming that the company could support,” The Daily Beast writes. “Caputo said that model was used explicitly to lure conservative-minded backers eager to tip the balance of political power in Hollywood.”
Bond's slideshow presentation for this model predicts that “Roseanne may have a domino effect on Hollywood,” adding that the show “accelerates [the] end of [the] Hollywood elite.” Noted Roseanne fan Trump would probably call them “coastal elites,” but the idea is all the same at the end of the day, and Bond is more than ready to push that agenda forward.
For Barr and the rest of the Roseanne crew, a rescue from Bond might be nice, however, more than likely it would be a major step down in terms of exposure (the ABC reboot pulled in impressive viewership numbers) and money. Bond is still in its early stages — in fact, Roseanne would be its first piece of streamed content — and the company relies on a “crowd-investing” system:
“Roseanne [Barr] would join Bond, upload a proposal for new content and fans would buy shares. As her new content is uploaded, a small piece of each viewer's subscription would be paid to Roseanne. Her user-investors would profit from her success or lose their investment if she flops.”
Aside from helping Trump move into the White House and offering to give a noted racist an elevated platform, Caputo has contributed some good into the world: Back in the '90s, he and a grassroots campaign were instrumental in getting ABC to bring back Twin Peaks for six more episodes. We'll see how successful he is this time around.
A drone that can carry people will kick off operations in Dubai from July, the head of the city's Roads and Transportation Agency has announced at the World Government Summit.
The Chinese model eHang 184 has already had test flights, said Matt al-Tayer. The drone can carry one passenger weighing up to 100 kg (220 pounds) and has a 30 minute flight time.
The passenger uses a touch scren to select a destination. There are no other controls inside the craft.
It is “auto-piloted” by a command centre, according to a video released by the government agency.
It has reported speeds of up to 100 miles per hour (160 kilometres per hour) and can fly 31 miles (50km) on a single battery charge.
“This is not only a model,” Mr al-Tayer, according to a report by the Associated Press. “We have actually experimented with this vehicle flying in Dubai's skies.”
Dr Steve Wright, senior lecturer in avionics and aircraft systems at the University of the West of England, told the BBC that safety would have to be paramount.
The device was also approved for testing in Nevada in June 2016.
Nunes Memo: What's In It And What's Not
Enlarge this image toggle caption AP AP
Updated at 5:43 p.m. ET
After days of buildup amid a political firestorm, House Republicans released a controversial memo on Friday that alleges the FBI abused its surveillance authority to target a former foreign policy adviser to the Trump campaign.
The memo also has shed more light on the broader Russia case and confirmed or advanced other aspects of the story beyond the GOP's campaign against the FBI and Department of Justice.
The publication of the memo followed a bruising fight in Washington, deepened a nasty public dispute between the White House and its own FBI and Justice Department, and even sparked rumors of potential firings — or resignations — among senior law enforcement officials.
In the document, House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes, R-Calif., and his staff detail findings that they say "raise concerns with the legitimacy and legality of certain [Justice Department] and FBI interactions with the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court."
Those findings, the memo says, "represent a troubling breakdown of legal processes established to protect the American people from abuses related to the FISA process."
The document alleges that the FBI and Justice Department relied on the unverified Russia dossier compiled by a former British spy, Christopher Steele, to obtain court approval for surveillance on former Trump campaign foreign policy aide Carter Page.
Steele was commissioned by the political research firm Fusion GPS, which was hired by the Democratic National Committee and Hillary Clinton's campaign.
The memo says the FBI did not inform the court that the DNC and Clinton campaign were paying for the dossier. It also alleges that Steele bore deep animosity toward Donald Trump, didn't want him to be elected and was leaking information to the media that was then used to support the surveillance application before the court.
All of those points buttress allegations Republican lawmakers have made for months that the surveillance of Page — and the Russia investigation more broadly — is founded on the dossier, which is at its roots a Democratic political document.
"It nicely sits together to support a narrative that obviously is very consistent with what politics wants it to be consistent with, at least the Republican version," said Stephanie Douglas, a former senior FBI official who oversaw counterintelligence investigations.
"The greater question, first of all, is what's not in there?" she asked.
What's included — and what isn't
For one thing, the memo does not detail what other evidence, if any, the FBI and DOJ used to ask to authorize and sustain surveillance of Page. It also does not make clear that the FISA court only reauthorizes warrants in cases that are yielding intelligence.
In other words, the FBI and the Justice Department were able to get judges to permit continued surveillance because the agencies were able to show that the warrants were producing something.
"You have to provide results to the court that are pertinent to intelligence-related collection to keep the surveillance in a constantly renewed status," said Douglas, who is now with Guidepost Solutions. "You have to have active, ongoing intelligence gathering to keep it up."
The memo undercuts another aspect of the narrative that some Republicans have pushed — that the Steele dossier was the sole foundation of the FBI's Trump campaign-Russia probe.
But the memo says that was not the case.
Instead, it says, overtures by Russian operatives to a junior campaign adviser are what sparked the FBI's counterintelligence investigation.
George Papadopoulos — who has pleaded guilty to lying to the FBI about those contacts — "triggered" the opening of the investigation, the memo says.
Court documents have described offers that Papadopoulos received of "dirt" on Hillary Clinton and "off the record" meetings involving him and other campaign aides and Russian leaders.
Papadopoulos told an Australian diplomat about these offers on a drunken night out in London, according to The New York Times. The Australian then reported what he had heard through official channels to the United States, and the FBI began to investigate.
The story has been told before, but the Nunes memo confirms for the first time that the Russia probe began with Papadopoulos and not with other evidence, including the unverified Steele dossier. The dossier was used later than part of an application for a warrant to conduct surveillance on another Trump campaign adviser, Carter Page, according to the document.
The memo and the political winds swirling around it have pitted parts of the Trump administration against itself in a bizarre — and very public — fight. The FBI and Justice Department, which are both led by appointees of President Trump, have clashed with the White House over its release, warning of factual inaccuracies and potential harm to national security.
But the president and his Republican allies, particularly Nunes, brushed those concerns aside and opted to release the document anyway.
Republicans say the alleged abuses documented in the memo are serious enough that the American public must know.
The White House may have other motivations: The president has told friends that he believes the memo will help undermine special counsel Robert Mueller's investigation into possible coordination between the Trump campaign and Russia, sources close to the president have told NPR.
And the memo certainly dovetails with what has been a running campaign by the president and his supporters against the FBI and Mueller's team, alleging that they are politically biased and chock-full of Hillary Clinton supporters.
On Friday morning before the memo's release, Trump took aim at the bureau again.
"The top Leadership and Investigators of the FBI and the Justice Department have politicized the sacred investigative process in favor of Democrats and against Republicans – something which would have been unthinkable just a short time ago," he wrote on Twitter. "Rank & File are great people!"
Speaking later to reporters at the White House, the president said what is in the memo is "a disgrace" and "a lot of people should be ashamed."
The president's relentless criticism has put Trump's hand-picked FBI director, Christopher Wray, under enormous pressure. Wray has defended the institution and its 35,000 employees, and so far, there is no indication that he is inclined to resign.
The FBI Agents Association put out a statement Thursday backing Wray, saying it stands "shoulder to shoulder" with the director.
Still, there are concerns among current and former FBI officials that the avalanche of political criticism from the right could undermine the bureau's credibility with Americans and inflict lasting damage to its public trust.
Wray appeared to address that concern in a video sent internally to FBI employees on Friday.
"I wish the American people could see what I see. But what they do see is the work you do around the country and around the word and that reminds me of something I want you to remember in the days and weeks and months ahead: In the end, actions speak louder than words," Wray says in the video, according to an individual who has viewed it.
The president has also thrown invective at the Justice Department. Much of his ire has been directed at Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, who is overseeing the Russia investigation since Attorney General Jeff Sessions recused himself.
The Nunes memo describes how Rosenstein is among the FBI or Justice Department officials who signed applications to continue surveillance on Page.
Asked Friday whether he still has confidence in Rosenstein, Trump told reporters: "You figure that one out."
The memo's release brings to a close week of speculation over what exactly it says. The broad contours of its allegations have been known, but the specifics had been shrouded in secrecy.
Democrats want their rebuttal out
Democrats called the memo a set of misleading Republican talking points that cherry-picks information from classified material provided by the FBI and Justice Department.
Democrats on the House Intelligence Committee prepared their own memo to counter the Republican document. The same day the committee voted along party lines to release the Republican memo, it voted along party lines not to make public the Democratic memo.
Instead, the committee agreed to allow the full House to view the Democratic document and promised to hold a new vote on it at a later date. Democrats complain that not releasing the memos at the same time allows the Republicans to set the narrative for a week or more before the public will see the Democratic rebuttal.
As the political battle over the Nunes memo reached its peak, House Speaker Paul Ryan, R-Wis., dismissed allegations that it was a political hit job and said it was just Congress doing its job.
"If there are certain individuals who did the wrong thing, who either brought bias or cut corners or did something wrong that implicates an American's civil liberties, it is our job as congressional overseers to bring people to account so it doesn't happen again."
Asian channels operator, Celestial Tiger Entertainment is to produce its second original TV series, “Extreme Ends” in partnership with the Hong Kong Tourism Board. The four-part reality series will shoot in Hong Kong from July.
It involves four celebrities from other parts of South East Asia (Malaysia, Indonesia, the Philippines and Thailand) and their travelling companions being invited to explore the most extreme aspects of Hong Kong. The completed show will air on CTE's action-themed Kix channel.
CTE and the HKTB previously cooperated on CTE's first original series production, “The Ultimate BROcation.” That involved regional celebrities visiting Hong Kong for very male-skewing vacations.
“'Extreme Ends' will show viewers across Asia a completely different side of Hong Kong, and perhaps, a different side of the celebrity cast, they have not seen before,” said Andy Chang, CTE's senior VP of advertising sales, marketing and original productions. “We plan to utilize different shooting techniques to demonstrate Hong Kong's extreme contrasts more dramatically,” said Betty Tsui, CTE's VP programming at KIX and Thrill.
Backed by Saban Capital, Astro Overseas, and Lionsgate, CTE operates: Celestial Movies; classic movies channel CCM; general entertainment channel cHK; Mandarin-language edutainment channel Miao Mi; Asian horror, thriller and suspense movie channel Thrill; and Kix.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
ATHENS (Reuters) - A Greek court on Friday ruled against the extradition of a Turkish man wanted by Ankara over links to a banned militant group blamed for suicide bombings in Turkey, court officials said.
Mehmet Dogan, 60, is one of nine people detained by Greece's anti-terrorism service in November, weeks before Turkish President Tayyip Erdoğan's visit to Greece in December.
The court said on Friday Dogan, although still being held in Greece, had been granted political asylum in France. He told the court this week he had gone to France in 2011, after being held for 20 years in prison in Turkey, a court official said.
“He has already been recognised as a refugee in France ... therefore he cannot be sent back to Turkey, where his life is in danger according to former rulings,” the official said.
The nine detained have been charged in Greece with setting up and belonging to a criminal organisation, terrorist-related acts of supplying explosive materials, and with illegal possession of firearms, smoke bombs and firecrackers.
All have all denied those charges, saying in a statement in December: “Solidarity with people who are fighting for their rights and freedom is not terrorism.”
Dogan is also wanted in Turkey over alleged links to a far-left group blamed for attacks and suicide bombings there since 1990. His lawyers told the Greek court he had been sentenced to three years in prison in Turkey in the case.
Published:
The Jama'atu Nasril Islam has condemned Gov. Samuel Ortom of Benue State and Femi Fani-Kayode for linking the herdsmen killings across Nigeria to the continuation of the late Usman Danfodio's jihad. The Sultan of Sokoto is the President General of the Jama'atu Nasril Islam.
The JNI made this known through its Secretary-General, Dr. Abubakar Khalid Aliyu. The group warned the governor and his cohorts, not to take Nigerian Muslims for granted by denigrating the Muslim community. Khalid Aliyu called on Muslims to intensify prayers for peace to return to the nation and for a hitch-free 2019 general election as politicians are busy trying to cause crises with their unguarded utterances.
The group said: “This is a reaction to a recent interview granted by Samuel Ortom, Governor of Benue State to an online TV programme, in Makurdi, the state capital, and has been carried widely by both the print and electronic media, to the effect that the ongoing herders-farmers clashes in his state are a continuation of the Jihad of our revered Shehu Usman Danfodio.
“For the records, the governor is not alone in throwing these tantrums, Femi Fani Kayode, one-time Minister of Aviation during the reign of President Obasanjo has always said lots of unprintable things against Shehu Danfodio. This rejoinder is premised on the fact that Islam does not encourage its adherents to castigate other people of faith or fabricate lies against them but encourages that once the Ummah (Society) of Islam is frequently maligned, then it is incumbent on the society to defend itself, hence the need for this write-up.
“The Benue governor got it wrong, most likely because of his malicious intent to smear the revered personality of Shehu Danfodio who had said in a widely-quoted statement that: “Truth is an open wound, only justice can heal it.”
“It should be noted that the Benue State Government and the Tiv Traditional Council have overtime been yelling that the Fulani crisis at their end is a continuation of Danfodio's jihad. A case in point was the 17th March, 2014 press statement with Reference Number TTC/P1/2 signed by Ber Godwin, Press Secretary to the Tor Tiv and the Tiv Area Traditional Council.
“We, therefore, call on all, particularly the Benue State Government and its cohorts not to take for granted the leadership of Nigerian Muslims over these unfortunate crises in the name of herders-farmers' clashes, particularly at this very critical time when the security challenges in the country are so many. More so, it is Ramadan period, a time we Muslims are enjoined to be cautious and calm in our affairs,” he added.
Share This
Top young right wingers Manchester United should target this summer
Manchester United need to sign a quality winger and here are 3 young and exciting players they should target
Shambhu Ajith SENIOR ANALYST Top 5 / Top 10 30 May 2018, 13:24 IST 5.42K Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Bernardeschi is an exciting talent who needs more game time to realize his potential
It's been quite a while since Manchester United have had a proper right winger. Antonio Valencia used to dance down that right flank and deliver some menacing crosses before he was reduced to a one trick pony and was demoted to right back.
Ever since, United have tried out different players on the right side to no great effect. Juan Mata was often deployed as a winger but owing to his lack of pace, he never really stretched the opposition in the final third due to his proclivity for cutting inside and playing short passes.
And Manchester United have suffered due to a lack of width in the final third, particularly in the last season. As Antonio Valencia's contributions going forward started dwindling, the onus was on the likes of Marcus Rashford, Anthony Martial and, later, Alexis Sanchez to use the left flank to provide the much-needed width.
That doesn't work out too well for United either as all 3 of them are right footers and likes to cut in. So, without further ado, let's take a look at a few right wingers Manchester United should look to sign in the summer.
#3 Federico Bernarderschi
The Italian winger's style is akin to that of Riyad Mahrez's. He's an agile left-footer with silky feet and the ability to weave past defences. However, after joining from Fiorentina last summer, Federico Bernarderschi has only been used sparingly at Juve.
Most of his appearances have come off the bench and the 24-year-old finished the season having made only 7 starts. However, Bernarderschi has showcased his talent and given us all glimpses of what he's capable of whenever he's been afforded opportunities.
The former Fiorentina man scored 4 goals in the Serie A- one of them being a stylish freekick against his former club- and has provided 6 assists in 22 appearances, 15 of which have come off the bench.
Bernarderschi's eye for a pass is what sets him apart from most modern wingers. His ability to pick out a teammate and deliver well-weighted through balls has been his greatest asset over the past couple of seasons. He does not shy away from testing goalkeepers from range and has a lethal left foot.
The Italian is pacey, young and should be playing a whole lot more than he does right now for the Old Lady. Hence Manchester United looks like a suitable destination for him as he'll essentially be filling a void and playing for one of the biggest clubs in the world.
Read more Manchester United transfer news here
LETTER TO COMMISSIONER OF THE CFTC GIANCARLO from Harvey Organ
Dear Commissioner Giancarlo:
I have been conversing and corresponding with the commission's Mathew Hunter for the past few years about gold and to a lesser extent silver with respect to the contraction of open interest on the approach to an active delivery month. Hunter originally offered no apparent reason for this phenomenon, citing confidentiality requirements. He never mentioned the use of the exchange-for-physical procedure for fulfilling exchange obligations with private contracts, and I had no idea that it existed.
When I brought up the EFP procedure, Hunter said he was familiar with it and had been monitoring and auditing the private contracts. He said it was quite legal to offer an EFP to a futures exchange long in a private deal for cash and a deliverable and verifiable physical product, and I have since discovered that almost all precious metal EFPs get transferred to a London forward contract.
James Turk of GoldMoney.com has told me that almost all these EFPs remain in London seeking whatever physical they can get. Turk says gold and silver are in deep backwardation in price in London and it is taking more than 13 weeks for delivery there. He suggests that it is most likely that supplemental payments are issued to EFP longs because of the extra time it takes to deliver.
It would be quite easy for an EFP long to sell in London and buy another gold contract on the Comex in New York and renew the process. But this is not happening, as the open interest is not increasing.
I have since learned that in November about 9,700 contracts per day or 622 tonnes were transferred to EFPs , and so far this month more than 14,000 contracts per day. If this rate continues through the month, then 30.8 million ounces or almost 960 tonnes would be transferred. This volume is enormous.
Thus nearly all these gold and silver EFPs longs are staying in London trying to obtain whatever metal is available there. But while this is going on, the banks trading on the Comex continue to supply massive amounts of paper commitments for gold and silver knowing that there is no physical to supply on the Comex.
Obviously there is a huge conflict here without transparency. Why are the banks supplying so many shorts, pushing prices down, knowing that they never could deliver?
Why has the CFTC allowed JPMorganChase to acquire more than 600 million ounces of physical silver even as the bank is the biggest short at the Comex?
The CFTC calls the Comex a price-discovery mechanism. Do you believe that the commission is providing transparency in the gold and silver MARKETS?
Gold and silver consistently have higher prices in Shanghai than in New York. Given that banks are paying Comex longs a cash bonus for shifting delivery obligations to London, as a practical matter the spot prices of gold and silver are higher than future prices. The offering of cash to longs for agreeing to transfer delivery to London and delay delivery indicates additional backwardation and scarcity of metal.
If EFPs, formerly said to be used in emergencies, have become daily occurrences, why is there such an increase in shorting by the banks when there is little metal to supply on the Comex? When there is so little metal available, it can't be explained as hedging by the banks.
Can you please address this in public?
Sincerely,
Harvey Organ, BScPhm MBA
loading...
Sharing is caring!
Experts say hiking spots are one of the go-to places for thieves looking to make a quick score at your expense.
Beach parks are another popular spot, so are shopping centers, and outside of townhouses and condos.
Crooks like to strike in places where you often let your guard down, and often times thieves target cars simply by looking inside.
“It's an inconvenience when this happens to the car owner, but these thieves don't look at it that way. For them it's just a crime of opportunity,” Wendell Takata, Hawaii president of W. States Auto Theft Investigators, said.
Honolulu police said that since 2011, there have been more than 41-thousand car break-ins on Oahu. That amounts to about 20 a day.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - BFW LIEGENSCHAFTEN AG:
* FY EBIT AT CHF 22.6 MILLION VERSUS CHF 27.3 MILLION YEAR AGO‍​
* FY PROFIT INCLUDING REVALUATIONS AND DEFERRED TAXES AT CHF 18.0 MILLION VERSUS CHF 18.2 MILLION YEAR AGO Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Father accused of killing 5 children to plead insanity
Lexington, S.C. (WOLO) – The father accused of killing his 5 children is planning to plead insanity in his upcoming murder trial.
Timothy Jones' attorneys notified prosecutors of their intent for the trial which is set to begin on October 15th.
Investigators say Jones killed his five children in 2014, put their bodies in plastic bags and drove around for several days around the southeast with their bodies in his trunk before leaving them on a hillside in Camden, Alabama.
PARIS (Reuters) - Belgium has issued a European arrest warrant for a man of Iranian origin that is being held in France suspected of being involved in an alleged plot to bomb an Iranian opposition rally on the outskirts of Paris, a French judicial source said.
Belgium authorities are already investigating two Belgians of Iranian origin whom they arrested on Saturday, on the day of the National Council of Resistance of Iran (NCRI) meeting, with 500 grams of the homemade explosive TATP and a detonation device found in their car.
The exiled Iranian opposition group's meeting was attended by Donald Trump's lawyer Rudy Giuliani.
“A European arrest warrant has been issued (for the suspect held in Paris) by the Belgian authorities,” the French judicial source said on Wednesday.
An Austria-based Iranian diplomat is also being questioned in Germany over the incident.
Iran has said it had nothing to do with the plot and was willing to help with the investigation. It has accused the People's Mujahideen, the main component of the NCRI, of being responsible.
French officials have declined to comment on the case saying the nature of the incident is unclear and very sensitive.
After the withdrawal of the United States from the 2015 Iran nuclear deal, its European signatories Britain, France and Germany have vowed to save the agreement despite U.S. pushing them to pullout.
Any sign Iranian authorities were behind the plot in France could make it politically complicated for leaders, especially President Emmanuel Macron, to continue to back the deal.
The Austrian Foreign Ministry said on Tuesday it was stripping the diplomatic status of 46-year-old Iranian diplomat, Assadollah A, who was arrested in Germany, suspected of having been in contact with the two arrested in Belgium.
Iran's foreign ministry has rejected as baseless the allegations against the diplomat.
BARCELONA, SPAIN—Cristiano Ronaldo was banned for five games on Monday after shoving a referee following his red card for diving in Real Madrid's 3-1 win over Barcelona in the season-opening Spanish Super Cup.
Ronaldo was suspended for one game for the red card in Sunday's Super Cup first leg at Barcelona, and four games for pushing referee Ricardo de Burgos Bengoetxea in the back, the Spanish football federation said.
Ronaldo will miss Wednesday's return leg of the Super Cup in Madrid plus the first four matches of the Spanish league season.
Madrid opens the league on Sunday at Deportivo La Coruna. Its next three matches after that are against Valencia, promoted Levante, and at Real Sociedad.
Ronaldo and Madrid have 10 days to appeal the federation's ruling.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Forum Merger Corp:
* FORUM MERGER CORPORATION ANNOUNCES TRANSFER OF LISTING TO NYSE IN CONNECTION WITH BUSINESS COMBINATION WITH CONVERGEONE
* FORUM MERGER CORP - UPON COMPLETION OF BUSINESS COMBINATION, FORUM WILL CHANGE ITS NAME TO CONVERGEONE HOLDINGS, INC Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Georgina Lochrane, mother of Alesha MacPhail, arrives at a tribute to her murdered daughter. Picture: Alan Macgregor Ewing/The Sun
Georgina Lochrane, mother of Alesha MacPhail, arrives at a tribute to her murdered daughter. Picture: Alan Macgregor Ewing/The Sun
THE distraught mum of Alesha MacPhail broke down as she placed a picture of her daughter at a makeshift shrine - as police launched a murder investigation into the six-year-old's death.
Georgina Lochrane, 23, was flanked by police officers when she visited the shrine created for her daughter on the garden wall of her grandparents' house, on the Isle of Bute in Scotland.
The bubbly youngster was reported missing from the property in Port Bannatyne, at 6.25am on Monday morning.
Her body was found by a member of the public less than three hours later around 2km away in woodland on the site of a former hotel.
Cops confirmed late tonight that they have launched a murder investigation.
Det Supt Stuart Houston, the senior investigating officer, said: "The investigation into her death is now being treated as murder".
Police have confirmed they are treating Alesha MacPhail's death as murder. Picture: Facebook
He said: "Alesha's family is utterly devastated and we are continuing to provide them with the support they require at this incredibly distressing time.
"Alesha had lots of friends who will no doubt find it very difficult to comprehend why they will never see their friend again.
"Like any other six-year-old, Alesha was looking forward to enjoying her holidays from primary school and was only a few days into a three-week summer break visiting relatives on the island.
"For such a young girl to have her life taken away is incomprehensible."
Alesha's mum, Georgina, from Airdrie, around 20km east of Glasgow, was comforted by partner George Horn as she tenderly placed a photo of her daughter in her school uniform among the many floral tributes.
The bereft parent - also mum to a four-year-old girl - paused for a brief moment to read some of the kind words left by locals touched by the harrowing loss. She then left sobbing in a police car.
The shrine sits at the home of grandparents Angela King and Calum MacPhail - where Alesha's dad Robert also lives.
Alesha MacPhail and her father, Robert, also known as ‘Rab'. Picture: Facebook
Her heartbroken dad wept as he left flowers for his daughter as murder cops arrived on the Scottish island.
Rab MacPhail, 25, had to be supported by his girlfriend Toni McLachlan as he looked at dozens of tributes left at the makeshift shrine.
Chief Supt Hazel Hendren, Divisional Commander of Argyll and West Dunbartonshire, said: "Every available resource from across Police Scotland is being made available to this major investigation.
"Our absolute priority is catching the person responsible for this horrendous act as quickly as possible.
"The island community needs to pull together at times like this and we need their help - anyone with any information, please come forward. We are working with a number of partner agencies during this inquiry including local authorities and health boards."
Alesha's devastated mum begged for information about her missing daughter after grandmother Angela issued a desperate plea to find the youngster on social media.
Alongside an adorable photo of the girl, Angela wrote: "Alesha has gone missing from our house please help look for her."
Georgina then commented on the post asking what had happened to her daughter, saying: "Someone tells me what's happened, that's my daughter."
She then made the heartbreaking discovery Alesha had been found dead after other users posted links to news reports of the tragedy.
She heart-wrenchingly posted: "That's my f***ing daughter."
Alesha MacPhail. Picture: Facebook
A potential line of inquiry is that Alesha may have had a problem with sleepwalking.
A local bus driver, who gave his name only as Peter, told The Times: "They are a nice family and very well known on the island.
"It's really not clear what happened, but I know wee Alesha was known to sleepwalk."
Robert was seen hunting for his daughter "white as a sheet" and calling out her name.
Members of Angela's family claimed the grandparents, who had been looking after Alesha for part of the summer holidays, had tried to make contact with her mum.
A huge search was launched when they raised the alarm with cops and locals scouring the area as a police helicopter hovered overhead.
The family's flat, which is close to the seafront, was taped off as forensics teams swooped.
Tributes left for six-year-old Alesha MacPhail on the Isle of Bute, Scotland.
Police Scotland confirmed Alesha's body was discovered by a member of the public in woodland on the site of the abandoned Kyles of Bute Hydropathic Hotel, which was demolished in the 1970s.
The area where her body was found is heavily overgrown and the woodland is around a 20-minute walk away.
Tributes have flooded in for Alesha from devastated friends and family - including her uncle who said she was "taken from us far too soon".
CJ MacPhail wrote: "I have been up all night thinking of how to word this as I have received many messages in the last 20 hours or so.
"As some of yous already may know I was informed yesterday that my beautiful niece was taken from us far to soon (sic).
"I would like to thank everyone for their kind messages though really don't know what to say as I can't quite process it all at this time though.
"Alesha was the most wonderful niece I could have asked for she always brought happiness to my day and anyone she was around."
Tributes left for Alesha MacPhail.
Stunned locals on the island, which has a tiny community of around 7500 people, have also paid tribute to the tragic youngster.
One resident said: "The whole of the Island of Bute is in complete shock.
"Alesha's father Robert is just a brilliant guy and worshipped the ground she walked on. They were happy together. This doesn't happen here.
"The whole community will stand together, I know that. That is what the island is like."
Another neighbour said: "I knew Alesha. She would never leave the house on her own. She has blond hair and blue eyes. She was very bright, very intelligent, funny - a nice wee girl.
"She couldn't have been a nicer child and so beautiful. She couldn't have been kinder. I was always glad to meet her when she was with her grandma.
"She was lovely - a wee doll. She used to go to the wee tea parties in town with another girl."
The head teacher of Alesha's school, Chapelside Primary in Airdrie, has released an emotional statement paying tribute.
Wendy Davie said: "Alesha started with us in August 2016 and had just finished grade 2.
"She loved being at school and enjoyed all aspects of literacy, in particular writing. She was such a perfectionist in her handwriting and was very proud of her work.
"Alesha was very friendly and she welcomed everyone first thing in the morning at breakfast club.
"She was a very considerate child who loved being part of a group and she was popular with all the other children and was a smiley and happy young girl."
This article originally appeared on The Sun and is reproduced with permission.
The Royal Family are usually a mainstay at the World Cup. Prince William and Prince Harry both attended England's group match against Algeria at the 2010 World Cup in South Africa, while Prince Harry made the trip to Rio to watch England's match against Costa Rica in the 2014 World Cup. But things are different for this year's competition in Russia. One royal in particular is known for being a major football fan, not to mention president of the Football Association, so why is Prince William not at the World Cup?
He's been tweeting his support of the team from the Kensington Palace account, writing after their penalty shoot out win against Colombia: "I couldn't be prouder of @england - a victory in a penalty shootout! You have well and truly earned your place in the final eight of the #worldcup and you should know the whole country is right behind you for Saturday! Come on England! W." As Kensington Palace shared, he also watched England's group stage game against Panama with the Crown Prince of Jordan during a visit to Egypt and refrained from checking the score all day, so as to keep it a surprise.
But despite his devotion to the beautiful game, it's unlikely England fans will see him in the stands in Moscow, and it turns out the reason is political. As Theresa May announced on March 14 in Parliament, the UK government is boycotting the tournament due to its ongoing investigation into Russian involvement in the poisoning of former Russian agent Sergei Skripal, which took place in Salisbury earlier this year.
In her statement, now published in full on Gov.uk, May announced that "the UK government concluded it was highly likely that Russia was responsible for this reckless and despicable act" against Skripal and his daughter, Yulia, after the Russian state declined to provide an explanation as to how what the BBC called a "Russian-made nerve agent" was used in the attack. In outlining the response of her government, which involved the expulsion of 23 diplomats, she announced that "there will be no attendance by Ministers — or indeed Members of the Royal Family — at this Summer's World Cup in Russia."
"Many of us looked at a post-Soviet Russia with hope. We wanted a better relationship and it is tragic that President Putin has chosen to act in this way," May said in her statement. Russia has continued to deny its involvement in the attack.
The position of the government was later reiterated by Foreign Affairs Committee Chairman Tom Tugendhat, who confirmed the stance with Sky News in mid June. “That's right, including the Royal Family," he said of the ongoing decision to ban British officials from attending. "I think that's right because actually, that would be a political endorsement of the Putin regime."
The Royal Family has to remain neutral when it comes to UK party politics and they are not allowed to vote or express political opinions in public. Although avoiding the tournament might seem like a political statement, it's in line with their role in supporting the British government. And while I'm sure Prince William will be feeling a little disappointed not to have the opportunity to see his team play in person, there's always Wimbledon, which kicked off on Monday and is always a favourite among the Royals and their celeb pals. Or, you know, he could just watch it down the pub like the rest of us.
As for the other royals, judging by social media, he's not the only member of the family who's getting stuck in to this year's tournament. Princess Eugenie shared a hilarious Friends meme on her Instagram account featuring Baddiel, Skinner & Lightning Seeds' legendary "Three Lions (Football's Coming Home)" song in celebration of England's victory against Colombia. Here's hoping England continue their winning streak so we hear more from the young royals.
Darwin Brazier is suspected of killing his ex-wife, Debra Rivera, and two others before killing himself in Alabama. Rivera reportedly asked a judge to take away Brazier's guns, but the request was denied. She felt he was harassing her. Limestone County Sheriff
Forest officials in Songkhla province have been accused by police of misappropriating 65 million baht worth of fragrant Agarwood which was seized by forest officials but later ordered to be returned to their owner by the court.
Pol Col Somboon Thongsomboon, superintendent of Kuan Meet police in Songkhla, said he had filed a complaint, accusing a group of forest officials of the Forest Resources Management Office of malfeasance in office for having misappropriated 13 kilogrammes of fragrant Agarwood worth about 65 million baht which was impounded and kept under their care.
Full story: thaipbs.or.th
By Thai PBS
ISLAMABAD, Aug 14 (APP): An elegant flag hoisting ceremony Monday was held at the Pakistan Embassy in Paris to celebrate the 70th anniversary of Pakistan's Independence.
A large number of Pakistani community along with their families also attended the ceremony.
Special messages of President and Prime Minister of Pakistan were read out.
Pakistan's ambassador to France, Moin-ul-Haque in his address congratulated the Pakistan community and entire Pakistani nation on this historic occasion.
He said that 70th Independence Day marked a milestone in our
remarkable journey of making Pakistan a peaceful and stronger country.
He lauded the untiring efforts and sacrifices rendered by Muslim of
India under the dynamic leadership of Quaid-e-Azam, Muhammad Ali Jinnah to achieve freedom and a separate homeland for the Muslim of sub-continent.
He expressed confidence that the whole nation would work together for
the country's prosperity and development and to realize the vision of our founding fathers for making Pakistan a modern and prosperous state.
Young Pakistani girls and boys clad in national dresses and holding
national flags sung the patriotic songs on the occassion.
The NSW Government is set to install 10 new red light cameras in 2018 at busy intersections including Coffs Harbour's Orlando and Bray St intersection from next week.
The NSW Government is set to install 10 new red light cameras in 2018 at busy intersections including Coffs Harbour's Orlando and Bray St intersection from next week. Daily Telegraph
COFFS Coast motorists be warned you're about to see red light camera flashes on the Pacific Highway pinging motorists for unsafe driving through the city's busiest intersection.
The Pacific Highway intersection at Woolgoolga Rd, the cross of Bray and Orlando sts, will be one of 10 new locations where red light cameras will be fitted, The Advocate can reveal.
Roads and Maritime Services has advised local police, emergency services and transport and safety organisations that the red light cameras will be fitted at the Bray St traffic lights from next week.
Work will start on the installation of red light cameras at the Pacific Highway/Woolgoolga Rd intersection at Orlando and Bray Sts on Monday. Google Earth
Works are set to be carried out over four night and 10 day shifts between Monday, June 4 and Sunday, July 7.
It is understood the NSW Government is installing a further 10 red light cameras in NSW, including at the Bray St intersection this year, with the aim of reducing fatalities and serious crashes at busy intersections.
The NSW Government is set to install 10 new red light cameras in 2018 at busy intersections including Coffs Harbour's Orlando and Bray St intersection from next week. RMS
Road surveys have previously indicated the Bray St/Orlando St intersection has been one of the busiest between Newcastle and Tweed Heads for daily motor vehicle movements while the intersection is also one of the busiest in Coffs Harbour for pedestrian crossings.
It is understood the red lights cameras will in particular target northbound traffic.
Work will start on the installation of red light cameras at the Pacific Highway/Woolgoolga Rd intersection at Orlando and Bray Sts on Monday. Google
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
KSI came out on top in the battle of the YouTube sensations as he stopped Joe Weller on Saturday night.
The pair met over a scheduled six three-minute rounds at the Copper Box Arena in London, a venue more used to hosting world champions than white-collar wannabes.
But 8,000 fans crammed into the east London hall - a sign of the growing popularity of online stars.
Their rivalry stemmed, of course, from the internet as they clashed on Twitter last year.
Weller had just beaten fellow internet sensation Theo 'Malfoy' Baker in August when KSI - real name Olajide William Olatunji - entered the scene.
KSI called out the victor before the duo twice met in person as the rivalry grew.
The bout was confirmed the following month and the trash-talking began in earnest.
And after the first bell, KSI began the fight on the front foot as Weller waited 30 seconds to throw a punch.
With the longer reach, KSI attempted to control the fight with his jab as Weller struggled to close the distance.
He was able to pin KSI against the tops briefly before he was left bloodied by an uppercut.
It was a similar story in the second session as both men seemed to tire, with KSI in particular holding when he could.
The pair tumbled to the canvas in a heap but no knockdown was called.
KSI made a fast start to the third stanza as Weller looked close to defeat.
And the referee stepped in to give the struggling man a standing count midway through the round.
Weller was cleared to continue but the fight was stopped seconds later.
The winner, who was presented with the YouTube belt by professional heavyweight Dereck Chisora, said: "I walked the walk, and I talked the talk motherf*****.
"Joe, you're way tougher than I thought. Respect for getting into the ring and giving me a tough battle."
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A former kids' TV favourite has said IT glitches at TSB have left his businesses in disarray.
Lee MacDonald, who played Zammo in Grange Hill back in the 1980s, told the BBC he has had an "absolute nightmare".
Mr MacDonald, who now works as a key cutter and locksmith, told Anna Foster on BBC Radio 5 Live: "I'm having an absolute nightmare. I've got two accounts, both business accounts, with TSB."
He continued: "My business has literally stopped. I don't know what money's coming in, I don't know what money's going out.
"It is unbelievable for a big company like that. I'm in absolute turmoil at the moment."
(Image: BBC)
(Image: PA)
He continued: "I've been ringing the online helpline and it goes to an engaged tone, so I can't even speak to anybody at the other end of the phone...
"When you're running a small business, every job counts and it's just a nightmare."
The British bank, owned by Spain's Banco Sabadell, took down its mobile app and online services yesterday in an attempt to fix technical problems which have locked customers out of their accounts.
(Image: PA)
(Image: PA)
The bank said about 402 customers were able to see data that they would not usually see online on Sunday - often of so-called "connected accounts" that family members typically use.
TSB chief executive Paul Pester said he had worked for 48 hours to fix the problem, but that the bank had to take down both the mobile app and online banking again on Tuesday.
In a statement he said: "I'm truly sorry. Customers can rest assured that no one will be left out of pocket as a result of these service issues."
Pester has written to each customer to apologise.
Related Coverage Report It
A North Shore woman is hoping a thief will have a change of heart after some cherished belongings were stolen over the weekend.
Someone broke into Kelcie Ibbetson's car at the Makapuu Lighthouse Trail on Saturday.
The thief stole bags from the trunk of her car, including sentimental gifts and a bracelet to remember her mother who lost her battle with cancer last August.
They reached out to KHON2 through our Report It features to help.
Ibbetson said she was shocked when the theft happened because there were dozens of cars in the parking lot, but hers was the only one that appeared to be broken into.
She said the back hatch window was smashed, luggage and other belongings were taken.
Her family spent the night in Waikiki and were headed back to the North Shore, but decided to take a detour at the lighthouse.
Ibbetson said there were three items stolen that aren't replaceable.
Her mother died last year from colon cancer, and her father had a quilt and pillow case made with her mother's shirts. A bracelet with a message written in her mother's handwriting is also gone.
“They can keep all of the electronics. They can keep everything else, the materialist things. But something like that is just really important to me,” Ibbetson said. “It's a piece of my mom that I really want back.”
Honolulu police said since last November there have been more than two dozen vehicle break-ins at the Kaiwi Trail parking lot. Because of that, police have stepped up patrols in parking lot and nearby areas.
Police encourage people to lock your car doors and windows, do not leave valuables unattended or in plain sight in your vehicle, and they also suggest keeping an eye out for anything suspicious.
HPD offers the following safety tips:
Lock your car doors and windows
Do not leave valuables unattended or in plain sight in your vehicle
Don't park your vehicle in secluded areas
Be aware of your surroundings for suspicious persons or activities
If you return to your car and find someone suspicious inside or nearby, do not approach. Call 911 immediately.
Denver Arts & Venues is not adequately monitoring a contract with Aramark Sports and Entertainment, LLC, the concessions operator at Red Rocks and Denver Coliseum, according to a new audit.
The report released this month from Denver Auditor Timothy M. O'Brien, CPA, shows Denver cannot determine whether Arts & Venues is receiving all concession revenue due from Aramark and paying the company proper compensation in a multi-million-dollar contract. The audit team also found there was weak oversight of inventory and that there were theft and security risks because of cash-handling practices at the venues.
“Arts & Venues needs to do a better job of monitoring what Aramark is doing or they risk losing profits owed to the city,” Auditor O'Brien said.
Between 2015 and 2017, Arts & Venues received approximately $37 million from Aramark in gross concessions profit and paid more than $3 million in fees and incentive payments to Aramark. According to the agreement in place through November 2017, Aramark was required to pay 100 percent of gross profits from concessions to the city. However, if Aramark met certain agreed-upon criteria, the city paid the company an annual incentive, that totaled approximately $1 million in 2017.
Auditors found, however, Arts & Venues could not provide signature approval for 2016 to show that Arts & Venues agreed that Aramark met criteria to receive the $900,000 incentive the city paid it that year.
The audit team tested sales documentation for 80 stands for three events at Red Rocks and the Coliseum and found 55 percent of the stands did not get the dual signatures needed for inventory transfers. Twenty-three percent of the stands did not properly document inventory transfers. Twenty-one percent also did not have or had inadequate documentation for management inventory adjustments. Each of these issues could have a direct effect on the gross profit calculation and the amount the city should receive from Aramark.
Aramark also does not reconcile inventory for each event. Instead it reconciles the inventory monthly. There are no useful daily inventory reconciliation practices, which makes it more difficult to track down errors and reasons for discrepancies.
The audit team also found no centralized point-of-sale system at the Coliseum. It relies on individual registers at each stand, which increases the possibility of errors. At the beginning and end of the day, employees count cash at the individual stand registers versus a secured central location, which poses both a theft and security risk.
Aramark's agreement also requires employees to keep spoilage to a minimum. Spoilage includes unsold or spoiled food, damaged products and employee meals, and it is treated as a cost of sales item and reduces the gross profits paid to the city. Under the agreement, Aramark is supposed to pay for any spoilage costs over 0.5 percent of the total food costs.
The audit team found Arts & Venues is not actively monitoring Aramark's compliance with the 0.5 percent spoilage limit. As a result, all spoilage costs are included in the cost of sales and taken out of the amount the city should make.
Also, during testing of stands, 41 percent of the stands did not always give reasons for all spoilage reported. These issues increase the risk that individuals or colluding Aramark employees could provide free goods to friends and family attending an event or personally profit by selling products outside the normal channels, circumventing commissionable sales that belong to Aramark and the city.
“The risk of theft and inaccuracies cannot be swept aside, even at relatively small dollar amounts,” Auditor O'Brien said.
If Arts & Venues does not sufficiently monitor cash, inventory, sales controls and financial information, errors could impact the accuracy of payments between Aramark and the city.
While the lack of monitoring and controls puts the city at risk of theft or other loss of revenue, it does not necessarily indicate these issues are happening. For this reason, the audit team recommends better monitoring and uniform application of policies during events to ensure accurate inventory and spoilage reporting.
Auditor O'Brien and his team made six recommendations to encourage Arts & Venues to improve monitoring of Aramark and the gross profits and fees exchanged. The agency agreed to all six recommendations and one is already implemented.
Photo by daveynin
Share this: Facebook
Google
Reddit
Twitter
Pinterest
Tumblr
More
Pocket
LinkedIn
Print
Email
CLAIM
A photograph shows an Antifa member hitting a police officer.
FALSE
RATING
FALSE
ORIGIN
An image purportedly showing an anti-fascist (antifa) protestor hitting a police officer was circulated on social media shortly after a white nationalist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia, left one woman dead and dozens injured on 12 August 2017. The photograph was frequently accompanied by the claim that both sides (white nationalists and counter-protesters) had contributed to the violence, and that while Republicans had denounced racists, Democrats had not denounced antifa protestors:
This is not a genuine photograph of an antifa protestor striking a police officer. This image was digitally manipulated to add the antifa logo to an unrelated photograph.
The real image was taken in Athens, Greece in December 2009 during a demonstration on the one-year anniversary of the death of Alexandros Grigoropoulos, a 15-year-old who was killed by a police officer. Photographer Milos Bicanski took the photograph, which is available on Getty Images with the following caption:
Greek youths clash with riot police during a demonstration commemorating the fatal shooting of 15-year-old Alexandros Grigoropoulos' by police a year ago, on December 6, 2009 in central Athens, Greece. Two police officers will go on trial in the new year for the murder of Grigoropoulos.
The protester's jacket in the original image was blank. The antifa logo was digitally added to this image, which was then reshared as if it depicted a recent incident in an attempt to show that “both sides” contributed to the violence in Charlottesville:
Several politicians denounced both violence and white supremacy — which culminated in Charlottesville with a white supremacist driving his car into a crowd of counter-protestors, killing 32-year-old Heather Heyer and injuring dozens more. However, more controversially, President Trump initially refused to condemn racism and instead blamed “many sides” for the violence:
Country stars are coming out in full force to be a part of 1 Night. 1 Place. 1 Time: A Heroes & Friends Tribute to Randy Travis on Feb. 8 at Nashville's Bridgestone Arena.
Travis Tritt, Kane Brown, James Dupre, Scotty McCreery, Joe Nichols, Collin Raye, The Bellamy Brothers and Ricky Traywick have been added to the already stellar lineup that includes Alabama, Kenny Rogers, Rodney Atkins, Chris Janson, Jamey Johnson, Montgomery Gentry, Michael Ray, Ricky Skaggs, Michael W. Smith, The Randy Travis Band, Tanya Tucker and Josh Turner.
More artists will be announced in the coming weeks.
After suffering a massive stroke in 2013, Randy has made remarkable strides toward recovery, recently singing “Amazing Grace” at his Country Music Hall of Fame induction ceremony in October as well as the tagline to his iconic “Forever and Ever, Amen” at the 2016 CMA Awards in November. A portion of the proceeds of the tribute concert will go to the Randy Travis Foundation, a nonprofit that raises money for stroke research and rehabilitation.
Tickets are on sale now at all Ticketmaster locations and the Bridgestone Arena box office.
MILWAUKEE — Kyron Cartwright totalled 15 points and eight rebounds and his steal with three seconds left in the game helped Providence outlast Marquette 77-75 on Saturday.
Maliek White made 1 of 2 free throws with 27 seconds left to give the Friars (15-8, 6-4 Big East Conference) a 75-71 lead. But Jalen Lindsey fouled Markus Howard, who leads all Division I players with a 94.3 shooting percentage at the free-throw line. Howard sank a pair to pull the Golden Eagles (13-10, 4-7) within 75-73 with 21 seconds remaining.
Alpha Diallo was fouled and hit both of his free throws to stretch Providence's advantage to four, but Howard buried a jumper with six seconds left to cut the deficit back to two. Greg Elliott fouled White, who missed both of his foul shots, Elliott grabbed the rebound and passed to Howard near midcourt. Howard turned to head up court, but Cartwright poked the ball away and the Friars claimed the victory.
Howard, who finished with 16 points and nine rebounds to pace Marquette, scored a school- and Big East-record 52 points in the Golden Eagles' 95-90 overtime win at Providence on Jan. 3.
Twitter is fighting to disclose how many times the government has secretly accessed its users' data — and a judge may soon allow the company to do so. Twitter's fight has been ongoing since 2014, and the company recently saw progress when it was allowed to publish two national security letters.
The government uses national security letters (NSLs) to extract user data from tech companies that are often unwilling to hand it over without a legal fight.
The letters are not reviewed by a judge and are instead issued directly by the FBI. They're also often accompanied by indefinite gag orders that prevent companies from ever disclosing that they received the letters, or notifying their users that they were targeted for surveillance.
In a somewhat similar case, Microsoft is challenging the constitutionality of gag orders accompanying warrants.
Twitter argued today that it should be allowed to describe the number of NSLs it receives from the government in greater detail. Twitter and other tech companies are currently allowed to disclose these numbers in ranges of 500, and although Twitter was allowed last month to reveal it had received two national security letters, the company can only list these letters in its semiannual transparency report in a range of 0 – 499 — an intentionally vague arrangement.
Twitter's attorney, Lee Rubin, said today that the disclosure limitations created an “Orwellian situation” for the company and hindered its First Amendment right to speak freely about the letters it receives.
The Justice Department's argument to counter is that allowing Twitter to disclose more specific numbers about the numbers of national security letters it receives would jeopardize national security by giving America's adversaries too much information about when and how the government surveils Twitter users. Julia Berman, an attorney for the Justice Department, argued that the FBI doesn't need to justify the secrecy around national security letters on a case-by-case basis because even aggregate disclosure could harm investigations.
Rubin dismissed the government argument that specificity about NSLs would harm national security. “Transparency reports show trends where the government has used well-known monitoring and surveillance tactics. It shows, already, all of the trends anyone could possibly want to know of whether one provider is less monitored or more monitored,” he said.
Remember, this is not about disclosing the precise requests or the users targeted, simply the number of requests received.
Rubin, however, faced blunt questions from U.S. District Court Judge Yvonne Gonzalez Rogers and may have even set Twitter's case back when he interrupted Berman's statements. This triggered a pet peeve of Judge Gonzalez Rogers (and women everywhere) who has spoken publicly about her frustration with male lawyers who interrupt their female counterparts. “It's entirely inappropriate to do that,” she chastised Rubin. “I don't know if you do it because she's younger or because she's a woman.”
Rubin later apologized for cutting Berman off.
The case stems from a 2013 transparency report that Twitter wanted to publish, in which it presumably included specific numbers about the number of national security letters it received. The government declared that, as written, the transparency report was classified and could not be made public. Twitter sued the Justice Department in 2014, challenging the classification of the transparency report.
“Twitter remains unsatisfied with restrictions on our right to speak more freely about national security requests we may receive. We continue to push for the legal ability to speak more openly on this topic in our lawsuit against the U.S. government, Twitter v. Lynch,” Twitter's associate general counsel Elizabeth Banker wrote in a blog post last month. “We continue to believe that reporting in government-mandated bands does not provide meaningful transparency to the public or those using our service.”
This case is one in a long line of battles Twitter has fought over more transparent reporting of government requests. And even if it wins, this is still a tiny translucent chip off of the opaque obelisk that is the government's security apparatus.
Judge Gonzalez Rogers is expected to rule soon on whether or not Twitter should be allowed access to more information about how the government decided to classify the transparency report.
“Mean Girls” is looking pretty nice for Broadway: The new musical — powered by the involvement of the film's screenwriter Tina Fey — raked in well over $1 million for just seven previews in its first week on the boards.
The show, with music by Jeff Richmond, lyrics by Nell Benjamin, and book by Fey, rang in $1,320,146 at the Broadway box office for seven previews that played to full houses. That debut suggests “Mean Girls” could well make good on the buzz it's built up since its run in D.C., and go on to become one of this spring's success stories.
Also starting previews last week was “My Fair Lady” ($526,130 for four previews), playing to capacity crowds and posting strong numbers for a non-profit production. The title, one of the best-known in the musical theater canon, is by itself a big draw — although it remains to be seen how the potentially sexist tale, starring Lauren Ambrose and Harry Hadden-Paton, will come off to critics and broader audiences in the Time's Up era.
“Mean Girls” and “My Fair Lady” are just two of the previewing shows ramping up to open this spring, with “Frozen” ($1,356,241 for seven) continuing to show its box office muscle and “Angels in America” ($794,893 for six) looking solid in advance of their openings later this week. Also looking strong was “Carousel” ($1,075,723), topping $1 million for the first time, as “Three Tall Women” ($622,411) came close to capacity attendance with a powerhouse cast that includes Glenda Jackson and Laurie Metcalf. “Lobby Hero” ($388,180), with Chris Evans and Michael Cera, looked a little more modest, but that's to be expected for a nonprofit production in Broadway's smallest theater.
Related Broadway Box Office: Disney's 'Frozen' Muscles Into Top 10 Stagecraft Podcast: Casey Nicholaw, Broadway's Go-to Guy for Musical Comedy
Not on the charts this week: “Harry Potter and the Cursed Child,” which played its first Broadway shows last week as special fan performances. The production will begin reporting its presumably massive grosses in a week, following six more previews this week.
In general, it was a strong March week for Broadway, which saw cumulative sales rising some $2.5 million to about $32 million for 30 shows. Attendance jumped by 20,000 to 265,949, or 94% of total capacity.
EATON — Should public safety outweigh property owner rights? When should a municipality take action to demolish a building? What if by taking ownership of the building, instead of getting it safely demolished, the city gets itself and the property tied up in legal battles?
These are questions the City of Eaton and a local resident are facing regarding a property at 505 N. Barron St.
Eaton resident Annabelle Taylor appealed to the members of Eaton City Council during their meeting on Monday, Dec. 18. She is the neighbor of the property and claims as it falls down, it is destroying her own house.
She has said numerous bricks have fallen onto her house and that 505 “has been condemned for the last 20 years.”
During the meeting, City Manager Brad Collins stated the city is working with owner Brian Hicks as he tries to have the building demolished. However, Hicks has had issues with contractors and is currently searching for a new one to do the job.
Taylor claims the property is endangering both her safety and the safety of the public who uses the sidewalk. More than a month has passed following her appeal to council and Taylor claims nothing has changed.
“Nobody has contacted me at all. We were in there the other day asking for papers on bills, we wanted to see the bills on the city boarding the building up,” Taylor said.
“I bought my house two years ago and it was abandoned. It was totally unlivable and, of course, I had to have it. They did not disclose anything to me about the building next door — I thought it was part of The Stable. I had no clue that there was anything out of the ordinary.
“When I got my house I couldn't get a mortgage. I got everything ready and made it livable and went to try again and they told me I couldn't get one because of that building. It was open until the summer when I told them it was dangerous for kids and that the wall was moving towards my house.”
“They sent an architectural company out to see if the building was safe to tear down,” Taylor continued. “They said that it was not attached to The Stable, but they cannot come in with a wrecking ball. They have to take it down brick by brick. Now the city is waiting. They're trying to give [Hicks] every opportunity to get the building torn down.”
She added, the building has been condemned in the past. In fact, she has a copy of the condemned sign. It states, “Condemned as dangerous and unsafe. All persons are hereby notified to keep out as long as this notice remains posted. Any persons willfully destroying, mutilating or removing this card will be punished to the full extent of the law.”
Taylor and John Cahill, who spends a significant amount of time at Taylor's property, also claim there seem to be documents missing regarding the condemnation of the property at 505 N. Barron St. However, they did make a copy of a document from Nov. 24, 1998 which states that the building was unsecured and in disrepair.
It further states, “This building has been determined to be unsafe and a public nuisance and has been condemned and placarded as such.” The document informs the current owner (who was Stanley Coning at the time) he had 30 days to commence the necessary cleanup and repairs to bring the structure into compliance or “raze” the structure.
Collins said the the sign never called for the building to be demolished.
“We have something in the file from back in 1998 from the previous property owner where the facility was not fit for occupancy. The property owner was given notice at that time. They made some improvements and there are no standing demolition or court orders,” he said.
“The property owner came in last year and pulled a demolition permit. He stated that he wanted to take the property down. I believe the timeframe for taking that down was over the fall and winter. The contractor he had lined up was not able to perform the work and currently the property owner is discussing the project with other contractors.
“As of today, I am not aware of any outstanding violations. There was an outstanding violation last year where it was, once again, not fit for human occupancy. It was posted at that point as unsafe for occupancy. So the two notices that were getting to the current owner included a need to secure the property and a need to clean up the trash.”
“There was a combination notice in 1998, but that was not a court order and not a demolition notice or anything,” Collins said. “The owner would have two options at that time: either to make needed repairs or to tear it down. He chose to make repairs.”
Taylor is not aware of many repairs that have been made to the property at 505 N. Barron over the years.
“I have seen correspondence that states that they put a different door on the front of the building so they could lock it and they also put some siding on, maybe to cover up some windows. That is basically it,” Cahill said.
According to Taylor, she is now being asked by the city to make improvements to her building, but as she has had to make numerous repairs to her property already, she does not want to make any more until the situation is solved, as she feels like she is wasting money.
“The whole thing is, I don't want the building to fall on my house, I don't want it to kill me when it falls on my house, but I also don't want it to fall on Barron Street and kill some passerby. The city just doesn't seem to care about what a liability it is,” she said.
Collins said he wasn't aware of Taylor being required to make any improvements to her own building, as that is not his area. He also said any damages that might have been caused to Taylor's property would call for a “civil dispute” between the two property owners.
He added, “This situation has probably been going on since last year so it has probably been a good year. When we receive a complaint like this we monitor the situation, notify the property owner, and work with the property owner. We certainly understand her concerns and we are working with [Hicks] to resolve the problem.
“He is currently speaking with contractors about the work. His desire is to tear that property down. If something changes there is a chance we would have to take further actions, but there is not an outstanding issue. We will continue to monitor the situation and make changes to our plan as needed.”
“Hopefully we can work towards a resolution this year, but it is a Fourth Amendment right that restricts the government from seizing your property without the proper notification and due process,” Collins said. “We want to give him every opportunity to fix it himself. We do not want to overstep our bounds.”
The property at 505 N. Barron St. is stuck in the middle of The Stable and Annabelle Taylor's home. Taylor claims the property is slowly falling onto her own and the City of Eaton has not been listening to her complaints. However, City Manager Brad Collins counters — they are doing everything they can to work with the owner of 505 to maintain his rights while also getting the building safely demolished. http://www.registerherald.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/41/2018/02/web1_505.jpg The property at 505 N. Barron St. is stuck in the middle of The Stable and Annabelle Taylor's home. Taylor claims the property is slowly falling onto her own and the City of Eaton has not been listening to her complaints. However, City Manager Brad Collins counters — they are doing everything they can to work with the owner of 505 to maintain his rights while also getting the building safely demolished.
By Kelsey Kimbler kkimbler@registerherald.com
Reach Kelsey Kimbler at 937-683-4061 or on Twitter @KKimbler_RH
Reach Kelsey Kimbler at 937-683-4061 or on Twitter @KKimbler_RH
TORONTO -
U.S. customs officials have released a photo of a mock improvised explosive device that led to delays at Toronto's Pearson International Airport when it was found in a passenger's luggage earlier this month.
United States Customs and Border Protection tweeted the photo Monday morning and praised the officers who spotted the device on April 6.
The discovery of the item during an inspection at the airport's pre-clearance area caused what was described as a major security breach.
Passengers on a United Airlines flight to Chicago were stuck on the tarmac for more than four hours before they could disembark.
An American man — 58-year-old Joseph Galaska — was charged with one count of mischief in connection with the incident.
He was released on bail and his case is due back in a Toronto-area court on Tuesday, though his lawyer says he will not appear in person.
Galaska's wife has told ABC News the device found was an alarm clock.
#Catchoftheday! Great work by Toronto #Preclearance! #CBP officers discovered this mock IED last week in a passenger's luggage. (1/2) pic.twitter.com/stROkj48ku — CBP (@CustomsBorder) April 17, 2017
NEW YORK, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Plains Pipeline LP set a new committed rate for a portion of its crude pipeline in Lea County, New Mexico, to be effective Feb. 1 according to a filing with a U.S. regulator.
* Plains set a rate of 85.17 cents per barrel for committed shippers with a 10-year commitment for a minimum acreage dedication of 4,500 acres.
* Plains established the rate for the first time in this filing. (Reporting by Devika Krishna Kumar in New York Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
Politicians were applauding each other and themselves after an additional $1.3 million was released by Governor Charlie Baker for repairs to the Hampshire County Courthouse.
But, did it really require the roof to literally cave in for that to happen?
Funding came less than a week after a 20-foot section of the ceiling collapsed on the second story of the three-story building. That forced the closure of the Massachusetts Trial Court for several days, and other offices and stairwells remained closed.
The courthouse is an aging, historic landmark that needs care if it's to remain the primary location for court business in Hampshire County. Repairing damage generally costs more than maintaining a structure in the first place.
Maintaining it also removes the risk of injury or further damage that can occur when a building is allowed to decay. The response of Massachusetts political leaders was nonetheless laudatory and overly self-congratulatory.
"I thank all who had a hand in this important achievement,'' Senate President Stanley Rosenberg said as he listed names of colleagues who acted "to preserve the integrity of this historic structure.''
Lost in those remarks was how that the structure's integrity was allowed to be compromised by water damage that required emergency funding.
Executive Office of Administration and Finance secretary Michael Heffernan gave himself a round of applause as well. "Our administration has made it a priority to protect and maintain the Commonwealth's existing assets, and these critical repairs will help preserve this building for future generations," he said.
The courthouse's historic status and the desire to maintain it for the future makes it imperative to pay close attention, not just when there's an immediate, urgent need but in terms of general maintenance. The ceiling damage was a signal that this building must be preserved with ongoing awareness of potential problems.
Yes, the repairs are being made. Next time, these improvements should come before damage that forced the closing of the court and other parts of the building. Only then can politicians and administrators afford to take a bow for themselves.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Maharashtra Seamless Ltd:
* DEC QUARTER NET PROFIT 387.7 MILLION RUPEES VERSUS PROFIT 436.5 MILLION RUPEES YEAR AGO
* DEC QUARTER INCOME FROM OPERATIONS 5.62 BILLION RUPEES VERSUS 4.20 BILLION RUPEES YEAR AGO Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Call it a cow-beaver.
Ranchers northeast of Regina are shaking their heads after watching a herd of curious bovines slowly follow a beaver across one of their pastures.
Adrienne Ivey and her husband Aaron were out checking their 150 cattle near Ituna, Sask., on Good Friday when they noticed something odd.
The cattle were gathered together and walking slowly behind a beaver, with some of the heifers lowering their heads to get a closer look at the furry cowboy with a funny-looking tail.
When the beaver stopped, the herd would stop, and then follow again when the rodent resumed its stroll.
Ivey says they are used to herding their cows with horses or quads, but nothing like this.
She says young cattle are naturally curious, while the beaver seemed to ignore all the attention.
“We knew that people would get a great chuckle out of it because you cannot get more Canadian than that,” said Ivey, who posted a video of the beaver-bovine cattle drive on Facebook.
“We talk about how awesome our Canadian beef is, but a beaver leading cattle around? It's the most Canadian thing ever!”
Ivey said the beaver was probably looking around the pasture for a place to build a dam.
Video of the beaver and cattle can be seen at:
Ruma Amar browsed Ikea with her husband on Saturday morning, her younger sister in tow. The young couple looked at baby cradles. They were planning to start a family. Later that evening, they went to the arcade at a bowling alley five minutes from their condo. Amar sent her elderly father updates on WhatsApp — a video of the trio playing games, a photo of the Mentos and Jolly Ranchers they had won. He responded with smiley faces and heart emojis. Then they left to get some dessert. Amar was following her husband and sister out the door, trailing slightly behind, when the gunfire erupted and she fell to the ground. “All I know is the next moment I was just trying to hold her, and she was bleeding so bad,” her husband, Amandeep Luthra, recalled. In an interview with the Star on Monday, he spoke of being unable to call 911 because his hands were shaking so badly. “She went too soon,” he said, gesturing with a snap of his fingers to show how quickly she was taken. “There was no reason for her to go.”
Article Continued Below
Police say the bullet that killed Amar, 29, was intended for Thanh Tien Ngo, the 32-year-old man who was also killed at Playtime Bowl & Entertainment in a Dufferin and Lawrence plaza after being chased down by three men Saturday night. Ngo was pronounced dead at the scene. Amar died in hospital. Police are still searching for the suspects.
Amar's only sister, Reema, said she saw a masked man holding a gun, but couldn't process anything else going on around her. At their father's home on Monday, Reema Amar and Luthra took turns retelling what happened Saturday night, keeping their voices composed and steady in a deliberate effort to make it through the harrowing events of that night. But when asked if he feels anger, the grief seeped through Luthra's even tone. “I'm helpless,” he said. “I used to tell her, I'm against being angry. If we fight, I'd always tell her fighting wastes time. You can utilize that time loving your loved one.” Luthra and Amar celebrated their first anniversary on March 4. She was a “pure soul,” he said, a person who was always loving and helpful to others. Read more: ‘Someone's got a gun!' Two dead, one a bystander, in targeted shooting at North York bowling alley crowded with families, children ‘Cowards' gunned down innocent man in random case of neighbourhood retaliation, police say Sister still ‘hopeful' brother's murder in North York 18 years ago can be solved The pair met when they were working at a call centre just over two years ago. They dated for a year and then got married, still working together at a nearby CIBC branch. Luthra emphasized his wife's professionalism. She wanted to be a financial adviser one day, he said, and had been promoted just last week.
Ruma Amar, with her husband, Amandeep Luthra. ( Family photo )
Reema Amar recalled her sister's protective nature, remembering how she took care of her after the family came to Canada from India about 15 years ago — and especially after their mother's death eight months ago from breast cancer. “I am absolutely heartbroken,” the 23-year-old said. “I'm just very sad that this had to happen, (that) she had to go this way. She wanted to become a mom soon.” When the deadly shooting happened, she said, she ran into the bowling alley to get someone to call police, then returned to her sister. Amar's hair was matted with blood, she recalled. Bystanders gave them handkerchiefs and a towel to press against Amar's body. “We thought maybe she'll make it. She was breathing. She was breathing hard,” Luthra said. He thought a bullet had just grazed her. But it was far worse than he knew. Amar fought for her life on the ambulance ride to Sunnybrook Hospital, with Luthra and her sister close behind in a police cruiser. She was breathing when she arrived at the hospital. Twenty minutes later, in the waiting room, a doctor told Amar's husband and sister the shattering news: She had been shot at the back of the head. Her injuries were unsurvivable. The pair went in to see her one last time. It wasn't a proper goodbye, Luthra said. His wife was unconscious. She couldn't respond.
"She wanted to become a mom soon," Reema Amar, Ruma's sister, recalls. ( Lucas Oleniuk/Toronto Star )
“She was taking her last breaths at that point,” Reema Amar said. In his Scarborough home, Amar's father, Sunil, looked at his text messages from that night. The television in his living room is flanked by a photo of the wife he buried less than a year ago, and a navy blue mug and card with the words “Best Dad” inscribed on them. “She was my baby,” he said, his voice cracking. “She was everything for me.” He takes the pot of white rice and seasoned cauliflower he was making Saturday night out of the fridge, food he was cooking as lunch for his daughters and son-in-law for the next day. He abandoned the meal when he got the call from Luthra at 10:44 p.m. He hasn't had the heart to throw it out yet. He is living a nightmare, he said. His son-in-law feels the same way. “I just want to wake up,” Luthra said. Police are looking for two men armed with handguns. One is described as wearing a blue hoodie and black shoes, another was wearing a black shirt and black shoes with white soles. Police said they fled the scene westbound in a dark vehicle driven by a third man. Luthra hopes police arrest the men soon, but said he does not bear any anger toward the alleged shooter. “I have no aggression. I have nothing against him. I can't get my wife back.”
BLOOMINGTON, Minn. -- It will be one of the youngest groups in the history of the Pro Football Hall of Fame as Ray Lewis, Randy Moss and Brian Urlacher were all selected Saturday for enshrinement in the class of 2018.
All three players were in their first year of eligibility and join Terrell Owens and Brian Dawkins as the modern-era selections to be enshrined. Those five players join longtime personnel executive Bobby Beathard (contributor) and seniors committee nominees Jerry Kramer and Robert Brazile for enshrinement.
Editor's Picks Meet the 2018 Pro Football Hall of Fame class The 2018 Pro Football Hall of Fame includes a pair of wide receivers and a trio of linebackers.
Five takeaways from the 2018 Hall of Fame debate -- from a voter Terrell Owens finally made it. Brian Urlacher, Ray Lewis and Randy Moss made it in their first year of eligibility. For John Lynch and a slew of O-linemen, the wait continues. Here's how it all went down, according to one of the voters in the room.
Sizing up a legend: Inside Ray Lewis' draft-day slide to the Ravens There was skepticism about his height from the beginning, and it showed during the draft. But Ray Lewis' fall turned into the Ravens' biggest gain. 2 Related
The Hall of Fame's board of selectors met Saturday, the day before Super Bowl LII, to select the class. The 15 modern-era finalists were trimmed to 10 and then five. Those five finalists were then voted on with a yes or no for enshrinement. The contributor and two seniors nominees were voted on separately with a yes or no.
The Hall of Fame's enshrinement ceremony will be Aug. 4 in Canton, Ohio.
It was a day for the 1990s and 2000s NFL as Owens was the modern-era selection who had waited the longest, and he was in just his third year of eligibility. Dawkins was in his second year of eligibility.
Lewis was the most decorated of the group as a 13-time Pro Bowl selection, a two-time Defensive Player of the Year and a Super Bowl MVP in his career as a Baltimore Ravens linebacker.
"I've been going a long time. And now I can finally rest," Lewis said. "I want to go fishing with a cigar now and just sit back. I don't want to work out every day now.
"Growing up as a child, I know what [a Hall of Fame middle linebacker] looked like -- Mike Singletary, Dick Butkus. Who dreams of being in that category, sitting with those guys?"
Lewis started 227 games in his career and was credited with eight 100-tackle seasons.
The 2018 Pro Football Hall of Fame class features three first-ballot selections. Kirby Lee/USA TODAY Sports
"For 17 years, we could point to No. 52 and tell the other players: 'Follow his lead. Practice like Ray practices. Prepare like Ray prepares. Be a great teammate like him,'" Ravens general manager and executive vice president Ozzie Newsome said in a release from the team. "It was our privilege to have him as a Raven. We are all better for having him here. His play on gamedays speaks for itself.
"Even in that small group who have the honor of being a Hall of Famer, Ray stands out. When you talk about the great players of all time, no matter position, he is among the greatest of the great."
Moss, who played for five teams in his career, is second all time in touchdown receptions with 156 and had eight 1,200-yard seasons in his career. He played seven full seasons and part of another in Minnesota, site of Sunday's Super Bowl.
"The door knocked and I started getting excited," Moss said of Hall of Fame president David Baker alerting him he has been elected. "All the emotions caught the best of me because it's been a long journey, and it ends in the Pro Football Hall of Fame. Tears of joy."
.@PFHOFPrez makes the rounds to the doors of the new #PFHOF18 class members. This is how they learned they were officially elected to the Hall. pic.twitter.com/iSJQeHiLWv — Pro Football HOF (@ProFootballHOF) February 4, 2018
In the days leading up to Saturday's selection meeting, some wondered if Urlacher would be chosen in the same class as Lewis, as two high-profile players at the same position in largely the same era. The athleticism and production of the former Chicago Bears middle linebacker tipped the scales.
Urlacher was an eight-time Pro Bowl selection and the league's Defensive Player of the Year in 2005.
Owens, a finalist for the past three years, had been a hot-button candidate with his own public criticisms of the board of selectors after he had not been chosen for the Hall in 2016 or '17.
A third-round draft selection of the San Francisco 49ers in 1996, Owens ranks eighth all time in receptions (1,078), second in receiving yards (15,935) and third in receiving touchdowns (153). He played for the 49ers, Philadelphia Eagles, Dallas Cowboys, Buffalo Bills and Cincinnati Bengals in a career that spanned 15 years.
"Terrell Owens gave our organization eight great seasons of service and some terrific memories that will live on in 49ers lore," CEO Jed York said in a statement congratulating the six-time Pro Bowler. "He is one of the most accomplished wide receivers in the history of the NFL, and very deserving of this selection to the Pro Football Hall of Fame."
Owens, who is the only player to score a touchdown versus each of the current 32 teams, acknowledged his selection Saturday in an Instagram post featuring a Hall of Fame hat.
Dawkins played 13 of his 16 NFL season for the Eagles, who will face the New England Patriots in Sunday's Super Bowl. A nine-time Pro Bowl selection, he was a rare player to have finished a career with at least 35 interceptions and 20 sacks.
"This is tremendous news, and I could not be more proud of Brian. Being inducted into the Hall of Fame is an honor he truly earned," Eagles owner Jeffrey Lurie said. "He epitomized everything we love about the game of football. His intensity, his passion, his love of the game and his leadership were always dialed in at the highest possible level.
"He connected in every possible way with the city of Philadelphia and our legion of Eagles fans across the country."
But no former player waited longer for enshrinement than Kramer, who played his last season with the Green Bay Packers in 1968. He was the only guard selected to the NFL's 50th anniversary team and was a lead blocker for one of the league's iconic plays in the Packers' sweep. Kramer also cleared the way for Hall of Famer Bart Starr to score the winning touchdown in the Ice Bowl, the Packers' 21-17 win over the Cowboys in the 1967 NFL Championship Game.
"In the old days when the quarterbacks called their own plays, since most of them were right-handed, they called most of the plays to the right. So the defense would put their best men on that half of the field. Therefore, Jerry Kramer, as a right guard, played against the best defensive tackle every week. He still made All-Pro five times," said former Packers linebacker and 2013 Hall of Fame inductee Dave Robinson.
Brazile was a seven-time Pro Bowl selection as well as a four-time first-team All-Pro. The player known as "Dr. Doom'' was named to the NFL's all-decade team of the 1970s.
Beathard was a personnel executive for five teams in his career, including Super Bowl winners in the Miami Dolphins and Washington Redskins. He was part of 10 division winners and four Super Bowl winners overall, including the 1972 Dolphins team that finished undefeated.
Because it takes an 80 percent yes vote for a finalist to earn enshrinement, the votes sometimes cancel each other out if players are clustered at one position group. With two wide receivers in Owens and Moss as well as two linebackers in Lewis and Urlacher selected for enshrinement, it was a difficult day for five former offensive linemen who were finalists.
Joe Jacoby didn't make the cut from 15 finalists to 10, while Tony Boselli, Alan Faneca, Steve Hutchinson and Kevin Mawae did not make the cut from 10 remaining modern-era finalists to five.
Jacoby and former cornerback Everson Walls were both in their final year of eligibility as modern-era candidates. They now move to the seniors category and can only be considered for enshrinement if the seniors committee selects them as a nominee, a difficult proposition with the current backlog. Walls had not made the cut from 10 to five.
Former Patriots cornerback Ty Law was also eliminated in the cut down from 10 to five. Wide receiver Isaac Bruce, running back Edgerrin James and safety John Lynch were eliminated in the cut down from 15 to 10.
"I'm glad I didn't have to vote for this class,'' Urlacher said. "It's a great class."
As for next year, tight end Tony Gonzalez, cornerback Champ Bailey and safety Ed Reed will be in their first year of eligibility.
Information from The Associated Press was used in this report.
Turns out that Aniol Serrasolses, Tyler Bradt and Todd and Brendan Wells just barely squeaked by in setting the new 24-hour distance paddling record June 3-4 by clocking 287.5 miles on a high-water run linking the Middle Fork, Main and Lower Salmon rivers. Though their record is still pending approval from Guinness, just a few days prior on May 30, a group of rafters sets the mark of 282 miles on the same stretch of river.
Just two-and-a-half days earlier, Idaho rafters Jon Barker, Ian Faurot and Shane Moser floated the raging waters of the Salmon system 282 miles in a 24-hour time period, besting the previous record of 273.5 miles in 24 hours, set by Andy Corra of Durango, Colo., in 2010 during the Yukon River Quest. They did so by rowing an 18-foot cataraft and taking turns behind the oars.
“I have been doing this type of 24-hour trip highlighting the Salmon and its tributaries for 25 years,” says Barker, a longtime raft guide for Idaho's Barker River Expeditions. “If there was a recognized record of 273.5 miles, then certainly our 282 eclipsed that on May 30-31. It's kind of cool that a rowing attempt and a kayaking attempt on the Salmon both broke 274 miles within 52 hours of each other. It's a pretty crazy new best distance for both.”
As for monitoring their progress, Barker says they ran from exact USGS mileage coordinates on the Middle Fork and Main/Lower Salmon rivers. Far from commandeering the limelight, they're in it for the rush more than any record.
“I've been highlighting the Salmon drainages for 25 years,” says Barker, who has made several 24-hour attempts on the Salmon of between 200 and 250 miles—one of which, with teammate Clancy Reece, inspired the book Anything Worth Doing. “We always stay in the background and just sort of do these things. I know that's odd, but we're unsure about publicity. We would have only told friends about this one, but the fact that we bettered some 274-mile mark and a second group did it on the Salmon two days later is a pretty neat story.”
While their record was short lived–with Bradt, Serrasolses and the Wells brothers kayaking 287.5 miles on slightly higher flows barely two days later—-Barker tips his water-logged hat to the new record-setters.
“Absolute credit to that kayaking team,” he says. “They're the fastest. Maybe ours qualifies as the farthest distance for rowing in 24 hours—though I tend to cringe at the ‘R' word.”
But wait, there's more. While not a record attempt per se, on May 10-11, Idaho kayakers Kyle Smith, Sam Wells and Mike Bond also entered the floating fray by paddling 300 miles of the Salmon River system in a 32.5-hour push. On flows about 15,000 cfs less than Bradt's and Barker's, they put on the Middle Fork's Marsh Creek and finished at the Snake River on the Oregon border, 25 miles south of Asotin, Wash.
“Initially, when we started rolling this mission around, we thought that making 300 miles in 24 hours would be possible,” says Smith. “But as we got closer to our window of free time, we knew there was no way we would catch the flow window we needed. At our 24-hour mark, we were about 40-50 miles short of what those other kayakers hit. But their experiences were spot on: Crazy moon, incredibly black around Riggins, and psychedelic describes it perfectly.
“Hopefully, some day we'll be in the right place again with the right flow to chalk up a few extra miles onto that record,” Smith adds. “It's so awesome that the other group of kayakers was able to be in the right place at the right time with right flow, and had an awesome crew.”
Related stories:
— Kayakers Set New 24-Hour Distance Paddling Record on Idaho's Salmon River.
— High Water on the Middle Fork Salmon
— Grand Canyon Speed Descent Record Falls (Again)
— Marcin Gienieczko and the Great Guinness Hoax
— Todd Wells on record high water on the Little White Salmon
— Brandon Nelson's 24-Hour Flatwater Distance Record
To christen the main character in Russian director Ivan I. Tverdovsky's third feature “Jumpman” is to suggest that 16-year-old Denis (lanky newcomer Denis Vlasenko) is some kind of superhero. Granted, he is “gifted” with congenital analgesia — a rare condition in which he feels no pain — but instead of using that power for good, this scrappy would-be X-Man might as well be just another rule-breaking hooligan, as compromised as the country that spawned him. The kid's scheme involves throwing himself in front of rich people's cars, then extorting the drivers for hasty payouts. To make the situation even more anti-heroic, the person who may as well be pushing him into harm's way is none other than his own mother.
Like last year's “Loveless,” Tverdovsky's tight, ultra-cynical contemporary Russian fable serves up an alarming portrait of negligent parenting on its surface, while sneaking a damning indictment of pervasive corruption and moral vacuousness in his home country between the lines — although in this case, it's impossible to miss the subtext in what may as well be a quadruple-spaced, jumbo-font critique of the generation born under despot-elect Vladimir Putin. That's because “Jumpman” wears both its style and political statement on its sleeve, making little effort to present these allegorical characters as real, relatable human beings.
Among his boarding-school mates (who routinely wrap him in rubber hose and squeeze to see how long he can take the pressure), Denis' insensitivity to pain may be unique, though the director implies that such numbness is practically universal for those raised in the every-man-for-himself era of Putin, where role models routinely bend the system however they can to their benefit. Denis' mother Oksana (Anna Slyu) is no different, having abandoned him in a “baby hatch” as an infant, only to resurface with a reason his skills could come in handy.
At first, Denis is delighted to escape the orphanage, and thrilled to get his own room, gorging on 16 years' worth of belated birthday cakes when they get to Oksana's flat, although he soon learns the cost of staying there: Jump in front of cars, or get the boot. The first time Denis takes the leap, it's a shock to behold as the spindly kid tosses himself into the oncoming windshield and cartwheels onto the hard pavement several yards back.
Writer-director Tverdovsky didn't invent this scam (in fact, Nagisa Oshima's social-realist masterpiece “Boy” depicts a less brutal but no less disturbing variation, featuring a 10-year-old Japanese kid), although he expands it to such a degree that the entire justice system seems to be in league with the jumpman: If the mark doesn't pay, Denis lodges a complaint in court, where a police patrolman (Daniil Steklov), medical examiner, prosecutor, defense attorney, and judge all conspire to put pressure on the driver. Unflattering political implications aside, there are holes in the plan, which assumes that rich Russians would settle for a crooked, court-appointed lawyer, and that they wouldn't have the wherewithal to appeal judgments made against them, but this is didactic fiction, not a documentary.
As it happens, the documentary-trained Tverdovsky originally considered making a nonfiction portrait of real-life “jumpmen,” although this original narrative (the director's third, following “Corrections Class” and “Zoology,” all about freaks and outsiders struggling in an unforgiving world) allows him to do what a vérité movie couldn't — namely, to stage the grisly accidents themselves, which he does on otherwise deserted black, wet streets, evoking a sleek, “The Dark Knight”-like atmosphere (although nauseatingly unsteady camerawork undermines DP Denis Alarcon-Ramirez's beautifully lit long-take sequences).
The tradeoff is a certain across-the-board phoniness that can be distancing at times. Even though young Vlasenko holds our attention (especially as the collection of scars and bruises on his half-naked body grows and the character starts to experience pain for the first time), neither he nor any of his co-stars give particularly convincing performances. Such on-camera artificiality is heightened by clumsy dubbing after the fact — the kind one hears in low-budget animation, where lips don't match, and every fake laugh shatters our suspension of disbelief.
When Denis plays the hose game, it's an egregious pantomime at best: The kids on either side are clearly only pretending to pull, while Vlasenko merely looks constipated as he tries to convey the sensation of not feeling pain. Fortunately, “Jumpman” triggers in audiences the kind of concern Denis' mother and her conspirators seem to lack, inspiring a mounting sense of outrage at the way these adults are exploiting a “loveless” kid incapable of feeling how badly they are hurting him. The most heart-breaking scene is one in which Denis seeks his mother's approval, propping her up while she urinates in a public square.
In modern Russian society, this daring project preaches, there are those who jump in front of cars (willing accomplices who go along with the corruption), and those who order them to do so (reaping most of the reward, while incurring none of the risk). Tverdovsky means this as a wake-up call, although he promises a combustible finale the likes of which the movie ultimately can't deliver — since Denis is expendable, but the system is too rotten to reform.
The private pilot/owner had recently completed the experimental, amateur-built Free Bird Classic and was conducting the first test flight near Kylertown, Pennsylvania.
He completed two circuits around his private airstrip before witnesses saw the airplane approaching to land.
While on final approach about 50-100 feet above the ground, the plane suddenly descended and hit terrain, killing the pilot.
Of the three witnesses who saw the accident, two said the airplane nosed over to ground contact, and one stated that the left wing dropped before the airplane nosed over.
Two other individuals heard the engine “rev up” before impact but did not observe the accident.
The airplane hit terrain short of the runway in a nearly vertical, nose-down attitude and sustained extensive damage to the engine, fuselage, wings, and empennage. The tail of the airplane was twisted and bent forward over the fuselage, and there did not appear to be any forward momentum of the airplane at impact, consistent with an aerodynamic stall/spin.
The witness accounts of the airplane's nose or wing dropping were also consistent with entry into a stall/spin.
Given that the accident flight was the pilot's first flight in the airplane, he was likely unfamiliar with its flight characteristics, and, during the approach for landing, he allowed the airspeed to decay. The airplane subsequently exceeded its critical angle of attack and entered an aerodynamic stall/spin.
Probable cause: The pilot's failure to maintain sufficient airspeed during approach for landing, which resulted in an inadvertent aerodynamic stall/spin. Contributing to the accident was the pilot's lack of flight experience in the accident airplane make and model.
NTSB Identification: ERA16LA010
This October 2015 accident report is provided by the National Transportation Safety Board. Published as an educational tool, it is intended to help pilots learn from the misfortunes of others.
Who wouldn't want to buy the Barossa? Or maybe a vineyard in regional NSW?
You can with the latest Australian edition of the popular board game, Monopoly.
Port Lincoln, declared the most liveable city on South Australia's Eyre Peninsula and home of the magnificently named Tunarama, is included – much to the delight of mayor Bruce Green.
"No need to roll the dice, do pass go, come direct to Port Lincoln, the Seafood Capital of Australia," he said.
The much-lauded Barossa Valley in South Australia is there and Kangaroo Island, too.
Three Tasmanian destinations feature – Hobart, Freycinet and Stanley.
Orange has been announced as one of only two NSW destinations to win a place on the Australian edition of Monopoly to be released later this year.
A photo of Borrodell vineyard will represent the city on the square occupied by Mayfair in the original version of the game.
Monoply time: Orange mayor John Davis, Mr Monopoly, Borodell operator (front) Gaye Stuart-Nairn, NSW Upper House MP Scott Farlow representing the Premier, and (back) Borry Gartrell. Photo: Facebook
The Sydney Harbour Bridge is the only other NSW destination to win a place on the board.
The layout of the new board was chosen after a nationwide online poll in November last year.
Orange mayor John Davis was in Sydney for Wednesday's harbor-side announcement.
“When it comes to places to land in NSW, there's Sydney Harbour and then there's Orange,” Councillor Davis said.
“We're in the blue spot that used to be Mayfair. How good is that!”
“The image the Monopoly chosen for the board shows a vineyard, autumn leaves, some mountains, all the classic images of Orange.
“The actual image is a scene from the Borrdell vineyard so I'm delighted for Borry Gartrell and Gaye Stuart-Nairn for the lift they'll get from this.”
RAWALPINDI, Dec 12 (APP):Chief of Army Staff (COAS), General Qamar Javed Bajwa on Tuesday lauded
the sacrifices of martyrs to safeguard the country, according to a tweet of
Director General Inter-Services Public Relations (ISPR) Maj General Asif
Ghafoor.
“Freedom isn't free, it costs sons of the soil. Freedom that we
enjoy today is owed to so many such brave hearts. Salute to our Martyrs,” the
COAS said in message after two soldiers embraced ‘Shahadat' in North Waziristan
Agency on Tuesday.
The terrorists fired on an army vehicle from surrounding
mountains in North Wazirstan Agency and resultantly an officer, 2nd Lieutenant
Abdul Moeed and Sepoy Basharat embraced Shahadat.
Tampa Bay Rays pitcher Nathan Eovaldi works against the Oakland Athletics during the first inning of a baseball game Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Oakland, Calif. Ben Margot AP Photo
NAIROBI (Reuters) - Kenya was largely quiet on Sunday following violence in the aftermath of elections, as opposition leader Raila Odinga came under growing international pressure to concede defeat.
The election commission on Friday declared incumbent Uhuru Kenyatta winner of the presidential poll by 1.4 million votes. International observers said Tuesday's election was largely fair but Odinga disputes the results, saying it was rigged. He has not provided documentary evidence.
There have been at least 24 deaths in election-related unrest, a rights group said on Saturday. But by Sunday the violence appeared to have largely abated, to the relief of Kenyans who feared a repeat of the violence that followed 2007's disputed election.
Around 1,200 people were killed then and 600,000 displaced after Odinga called for political protests that sparked ethnic violence. Regional trade was paralysed and Kenya's economy - the region's biggest - took years to recover.
This time, diplomats and regional leaders are urging Odinga, a former political prisoner, to concede. Their united stance leaves the 72-year-old opposition leader isolated if he chooses to maintain the allegations of election fraud and proclaim himself president.
He has not issued a public statement since Thursday but is due to address supporters in Nairobi's biggest slum on Sunday afternoon. Party leaders speaking on his behalf continue to accuse the government of vote-rigging and covering up the murder of their supporters.
Kenya's allies say the election was largely fair.
"I want to congratulate Uhuru Kenyatta," said a Sunday statement by Federica Mogherini, foreign minister for the European Union, which did over $3 billion worth of trade with Kenya last year.
"In line with the African Union, the EU expects the opposition to respect the results and to use legal means available for appeals and complaints."
NO POWER-SHARING DEALS
A Western diplomat said allies were not interested in revisiting the type of power-sharing deals that ended the post-election violence a decade ago. That avenue was "not an option", he said.
Supporters of opposition leader Raila Odinga hold his picture during a rally in the Mathare slum in Nairobi, Kenya, August 13, 2017. Siegfried Modola NO RESALES. NO ARCHIVES
"If you have evidence that the election was rigged, produce it ... NASA has been changing its position in quite significant ways in the past week," he said, referring to Odinga's opposition coalition, the National Super Alliance.
"Most of the stuff they are alleging is not accurate."
Initially, the coalition alleged the electoral server had been hacked, and produced 50 pages of computer logs that security experts said were inconclusive at best.
Slideshow (4 Images)
They later said a secret source within the electoral board had passed them the true election results. That two-page document was debunked by the election commission, who pointed out basic mathematical errors.
Later, Odinga said paper forms from each polling station scanned and uploaded to the election commission website to support its electronic tally were fake. He has not produced alternative forms.
Regional leaders have already congratulated Kenyatta, the 55-year-old son of the country's first president, on winning a second term.
"Congratulations my brother @UKenyatta for a successful election and the trust Kenyans have placed in you!" tweeted Rwandan president Paul Kagame. Burundi, Tanzania, and Uganda have also sent congratulations.
There were some clashes between Odinga supporters and police on Saturday. Hospitals and morgues reported no new deaths.
In Kisumu, the western city that is Odinga's heartland of support, some shops opened on Sunday and traffic was moving normally.
"Kisumu is calm ... for now the whole region is calm and we are happy," Leonard Katana, assistant inspector general of police for the western Nyanza region.
In Nairobi, residents of slum areas said the situation there was calm.
CLEVELAND -- Cleveland Cavaliers guard J.R. Smith left Game 2 of the Cavs' first-round series against the Indiana Pacers at halftime Monday with a left hamstring injury and will not return, according to the team.
Iman Shumpert, who did not play in the Cavs' 109-108 Game 1 win, started the second half in Smith's place.
Smith finished with three points on 1-for-3 shooting and one turnover in 19 minutes.
ISLAMABAD, Oct 6 (APP): Adviser to the prime minister Haroon
Akhtar Khan Friday said country's exports were increasing and last
three months' average was 13 percent.
Despite challenges, economic indicators were stable in the
country, he said talking to a private news channel.
He said the government had brought down fiscal deficit from
8.2 to 4.6, however it was figured at 5.8 this year and its reason
was relief of billions of rupees given on petrol prices and to
exporters.
Haroon Akhtar said GDP rate had enhanced and it would raise
further due to positive indicators in the economy.
He said the government had emphasized on growth after coming
out of International Monetary Fund program.
To a question, he said finance minister Ishaq Dar was the most
competent person available for the job and he was putting his best
efforts there.
Bambi Head Start dads and granddads learned firsthand how much fun being holiday decorators with their kids can be.
As part of St. Mary CAA's Fatherhood Initiative, on Dec. 1 nearly 30 Bambi dads and granddads of every size, shape and height were seen laughing and smiling with washable paint brushes, glitter, crayons and glue bottles.
Amongst the loud chatter of excited three-, four- and five-year-old children as their dads lifted each of them up to place their ornament on the Christmas tree, could be heard little voices saying: “Come on Paw-Paw!” “Pick Me up Daddy!” and “Higher Daddy!”
Bambi Head Start site manager, Louise Pierre, said she loved watching the happy chaos surrounding her, and says dads take pride in helping and showing their love. “The CEO, (Almetra J. Franklin) and I have discussed on more than one occasion how we are always eager to have programs where the dads can come and be a part of the educational process”, she said. “Our dads truly come whenever we call. It can be anytime of the year, and some of them will even take off from work to be present and active with their child/ children.”
Palestinians gather around a bulldozer in Khan al-Ahmar, Wednesday, July 4, 2018. Israeli police scuffled with activists at a West Bank Bedouin community ahead of its demolition. Majdi Mohammed AP Photo
FILE PHOTO: Guitarist Paul Kantner of the band "Jefferson Starship" plays on stage during the "Summer of Love" 40th anniversary concert at Golden Gate Park in San Francisco, California September 2, 2007.
(Reuters) - A founding member of Jefferson Starship may pursue part of his lawsuit seeking to stop former bandmates from using the rock group's name, a federal judge ruled on Friday.
U.S. Magistrate Judge Maria-Elena James said the guitarist Craig Chaquico may pursue a breach of contract claim against David Freiberg, Donny Baldwin and other musicians for performances and merchandising since January 2016, when co-founder Paul Kantner died.
The San Francisco-based judge also dismissed Chaquico's claim for earlier alleged contract breaches, and a trademark claim over the use of his likeness.
David Swift, a lawyer for Chaquico, in an email said he was pleased his client can pursue his "core" claim.
"It is important to Mr. Chaquico to protect the legacy of Jefferson Starship by preventing unauthorised bands, like defendants in the case, from using the iconic name," he said.
A lawyer for the defendants did not immediately respond to requests for comment.
According to court papers, members of Jefferson Starship agreed to retire the name in 1985 after Kantner left.
Eight years later, Chaquico allowed Kantner, "and only Kantner," to use the name in connection with live performances and merchandise, the complaint said.
James said that when Freiberg and Baldwin later joined Kantner's revamped Jefferson Starship lineup, their use of the name was "related to Kantner's use," but this ended after his death.
In dismissing the trademark claim, the judge said Chaquico failed to show how the public, and especially fans "more likely to be familiar with the history of Jefferson Starship and its multiple iterations," would be confused about his involvement.
The band was an outgrowth of Jefferson Airplane, which was founded in the 1960s and is remembered for now-classic songs such as "Somebody to Love" and "White Rabbit," which featured singer Grace Slick.
In the mid-1980s, following Kantner's departure, it evolved into Starship, where Slick and singer Mickey Thomas were featured on the No. 1 hits "We Built This City" and "Nothing's Gonna Stop Us Now."
The case is Chaquico v Freiberg et al, U.S. District Court, Northern District of California, No. 17-02423.
LOS ANGELES (AP)  A man who prosecutors say purchased the guns used by the San Bernardino attackers has agreed to plead guilty to conspiring to provide material support to terrorists and lying when he bought the weapons used in the deadly attack, according to court documents released Tuesday.
Enrique Marquez Jr., 25, of Riverside, admitted in a plea agreement that he bought the assault rifles used by Syed Rizwan Farook and his wife, Tashfeen Malik, in the Dec. 2, 2015, attack at a public health agency gathering that left 14 people dead and injured nearly two dozen others. Farook and Malik were later killed in a gunfight with authorities.
Marquez also agreed to plead guilty to making false statements when he purchased the firearms used in the attack.
Prosecutors said Marquez acknowledged being a "straw buyer" when he purchased two assault rifles from a sporting goods store that were used in the attack at the Inland Regional Center in San Bernardino. Prosecutors have said Marquez agreed to buy the weapons because the attackers feared Farook's Middle Eastern appearance might arouse suspicion.
Advertisement
Marquez also admitted to plotting with Farook in 2011 and 2012 to massacre college students and gun down motorists on a gridlocked California freeway, though those attacks never occurred.
Federal officials said the duo had envisioned halting traffic on state Route 91 with explosives and then firing at trapped motorists, or tossing pipe bombs into a crowded cafeteria at Riverside City College.
Marquez said he backed out of the plot after four men in the area about 60 miles inland from Los Angeles were arrested on terrorism charges in late 2012, the FBI has said in court documents.
"While his earlier plans to attack a school and a freeway were not executed, the planning clearly laid the foundation for the 2015 attack on the Inland Regional Center," U.S. Attorney Eileen M. Decker said Tuesday.
Marquez is scheduled to appear before a federal judge on Thursday. His attorney didn't immediately respond to messages seeking comment.
__
Associated Press writer Amanda Lee Myers contributed to this report.
__
Follow Michael Balsamo on Twitter at http://twitter.com/MikeBalsamo1.
FILE PHOTO: A member loyal to the Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) waves an ISIL flag in Raqqa June 29, 2014.
BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Islamic State on Sunday claimed an attack on U.S. forces assisting Iraqi troops in the war on the jihadist militants in northern Iraq.
Islamic State fighters fired Grad rockets on American troops east of Tal Afar, a town still under control of the militants west of Mosul, according to an online statement from the group.
The American military had said earlier that two U.S. service members had been killed and five injured during combat operations in northern Iraq on Sunday.
Islamic State's self-proclaimed "caliphate" effectively collapsed last month, when U.S.-backed Iraqi forces completed the recapture of Mosul, the militants' capital in Iraq, after a nine-month campaign.
Buy Photo The Anjumane Najmi Mosque in Farmington Hills on Friday April 14, 2017. (Photo: Max Ortiz / The Detroit News)Buy Photo
The Farmington Hills mosque whose members have been charged in a female genital mutilation scandal denied allegations Wednesday that it paid to have the procedure performed on girls.
In a letter, the Anjuman-e-Najmi mosque called the accusation, made during a custody hearing Tuesday by attorney Cynthia Nunez, false.
“At no time has the Anjuman-e-Najmim, Detroit mosque paid for any religious medical procedure whatsoever,” the mosque said in a statement. “These comments are made without factual evidence to back it up and are intended to intently misstate, overstate and inflame an already difficult situation.”
Nunez represents two children of Dr. Jumana Nagarwala, who's one of four people charged with performing the outlawed medical procedure. State welfare officials are seeking to terminate the parental rights of Nagarwala and her husband, who has not been charged.
During a hearing in Wayne County Juvenile Court, Nunez, said the physician was paid to cut girls as part of a procedure practiced by some members of their religious and cultural community, the Dawoodi Bohra.
The comments were made at a hearing for Nagarwala and her husband on a petition by the Michigan Department of Health and Human Services to terminate the couple's parental custody and remove the children from their home.
Nagarwala, 44, has been charged in federal court with mutilating the genitals of two 7-year-old Minnesota girls at a Livonia clinic Feb. 3.
Mosque officials also sent a letter to Nunez on Wednesday.
“As a lawyer, you have a special responsibility for the quality of justice, and a duty of candor toward the court,” reads the letter from attorney Ashish S. Joshi. “Given your duties as a lawyer, you must correct your false statement, and immediately inform the court that Anjuman-e-Najmi, Detroit has never paid for any physician services.”
The religious group says it is a nonprofit organization that has been in the United States since the 1950s and has 12,000 members.
“We take our religion seriously but our culture is modern and forward-looking,” according to the statement the mosque released. “We are proud that women from our community have high levels of educational attainment and enjoy successful, professional careers.”
The statements do not mention the terms “female genital mutilation.” In the letter to Nunez, the term is quoted from a newspaper headline.
Nunez, an attorney for the Michigan Children's Law Center, could not immediately be reached for comment Wednesday.
The Nagarwalas' attorney disputed Nunez's claims Tuesday.
“That's absolutely not true,” Shannon Smith said after the hearing before Judge Frank Szymanski.
Smith added, “the government has grossly misstated and overstated things, so many facts in this case, and that's one.” Nagarawala was not paid to perform mutilation, said Smith. The attorney said the physician was paid for items she bought for the mosque's food bank.
“We have all of the proof of it being for bread, for pizza ... for two-liter pop. Stuff like that,” Smith said after the hearing Tuesday. “It's so insane to me that they keep saying this. It's not true.”
Last week, a federal prosecutor testified that as many as 100 girls may have had their genitalia mutilated during a 12-year conspiracy involving three Metro Detroit doctors.
The child custody hearing for the Nagarwalas continues at 11 a.m. June 20.
On Tuesday, three children were scheduled to be removed from another home as part of a state investigation into whether one of the children was the victim of female genital mutilation.
The attorney for the children, said she could not give details on the case but said there were no connection between her case and the charges against Nagarwala.
An attorney for three other Wayne County children, who remain with their parents, asked for a preliminary examination in Wayne County Juvenile Court as part of an investigation into whether their parents are linked to the female genital mutilation conspiracy.
Last month, an Oakland County Juvenile Court referee approved a petition that could terminate the parental rights of a Farmington Hills couple, Dr. Fakhruddin Attar, 52, and his 50-year-old wife, Farida. The couple is co-defendants in the case against Nagarwala and are jailed while awaiting further proceedings.
Two other couples, who have not been charged in the case, are at the center of a complaint by Michigan child welfare officials that seeks to end their parental rights. In a hearing May 9, an Oakland County Juvenile Court referee allowed the couples of both children to remain with them while the mutilation investigation continues.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2sq1OIn
Interior Ministry seeks details of former president's return, stay in country
Zubair Qureshi
Islamabad
Chairman of the Pakistan Muslim League (APML) is all set to return home and face ‘fabricated' cases against him. He will also launch a public campaign for the upcoming general elections. President of the APML Dr Muhammad Amjad said this while addressing a crowded press conference here at the party's central secretariat Monday.
He was flanked by the party leaders and workers. On the occasion, Deputy Secretary General of Qaumi Watan Party, KP, Sultan Yousuf Bacha who was also present there announced to join the APML along with his supporters. Besides a large number of workers of the PPP, PTI, Jamaat-e-Islami and PML-N also joined the APML and reposed their trust in the leadership of Pervez Musharraf. Dr Amjad said the APML central committee in its upcoming meeting on March 21 (tomorrow) would decide on former president's return date, however, he made it clear that Pervez Musharraf would return to the country before the caretaker set up is announced. The present government is ending its constitutional term on June 2, 2018 and it is most likely that Syed Pervez Musharaff would return before the date, he said.
Our party chairman will instead of challenging the institutions challenge the rival political forces particularly the current government of the PML-N that has brought miseries, unemployment and anarchy in the country.
It was in Musharraf's era when loans were reduced and after him the successive governments first took exorbitant loans of Rs36 billion and Rs 82 billion respectively.
Dr Amjad regretted that PML-N leadership was maligning APML leadership through false propaganda against judiciary and armed forces of the country. Dr Amjad also welcomed Sadiq Sanjrani's election as Chairman Senate and hoped it would end the Baloch people's sense of deprivation.
To a question, he said Pervez Musharraf had full respect and regard for the courts of the country.
He not only appeared before the higher judicial forums but he even appeared before magistrates and judicial officers of the lower judiciary.
He said this time, too he would appear before the courts and face all the cases against him. He however demanded foolproof security for the former Army Chief and hoped the government would honor its word.
Meanwhile, the interior ministry on Monday accepted the plea for security of from former president General (R) Pervez Musharraf upon his return to Pakistan to appear before the special court in the high treason case.
In a notification, the interior ministry responded to the plea by Musharraf's lawyer requesting security, mentioning that it is willing to provide security to him.
The notification in its response to the letter sought the details of the former president's travel itinerary and ‘his stay in Pakistan so that necessary foolproof security arrangements can be made for him well in time'.
In reaction to the notification, Musharraf's lawyer expressed reservations over the security arrangements to be provided by the government. On Friday, the special court hearing the treason case against former president Musharraf had ordered the federal government to put special measures in place to bring the ex-military ruler back from the United Arab Emirates.
During the hearing, the special court asked the former president's lawyer to write an application to the interior ministry seeking arrangements and security for Musharraf's return for hearing.
The former president's advocate in his arguments said that an application was sent to the interior ministry for security arrangements. In the petition, it was stated that the former president faced security threats.
The court had ordered that the interior ministry should take action for the arrest of the former military ruler through the Interpol.
The special court had also asked the interior ministry to take action to revoke National Identity Card and passport of the former military ruler. The bench, formed in 2013, is hearing the case of imposition of extra-constitutional emergency by Musharraf in November 2007.
CLOSE The Dragonboat Ferris Wheel is one of many new works of art visitors can see at Robolights this year. Zoe Meyers/The Desert Sun
Buy Photo The Robolights display at artist Kenny Irwin Jr. home in Palm Springs reopened on Thanksgiving day for the holiday season. (Photo: Jay Calderon/The Desert Sun)Buy Photo
Robolights is open, but some say the newly implemented parking restrictions around the Palm Springs event are making it hard to feel the holiday cheer.
Visitors said the city's traffic mitigation plan forces people to traverse dark streets late at night. And some people living in the neighborhood surrounding the Christmas light extravaganza, on Granvia Valmonte, say the new restrictions are "horrific."
City officials had been trying to balance concerns expressed in years past by residents in the area with the desire of the public to attend the holiday event. But some locals and visitors say the new restrictions are not just disappointing–they're downright dangerous.
Previously: Palm Springs pedestrian deaths four times higher than national average
Maria Smith recently moved to Palm Springs from New York and heard about Robolights from friends. She decided to go see the colorfully lit displays Saturday night and as she walked from her car to the event, she saw lots of people with flashlights.
“I thought about how strange that was,” she said. “As I was coming back I was distracted, and as I was walking I didn't realize there were all these metal signs saying no parking. I tripped over one and fell down, and there were no cars around and no light whatsoever.”
Smith said the fall was extremely painful and resulted in a “nasty cut” on her shin and a large bruise. She said Robolights was interesting but the parking was a pain.
The city sued Robolights operator Kenny Irwin Jr. last year, saying some of the structures at the holiday lights display were unstable and constituted a “life safety hazard.” Irwin and Palm Springs settled the suit just before the event opened this year.
Previously: Robolights operator settles lawsuit with Palm Springs just in time for opening night
Buy Photo The Dragonboat Ferris Wheel is one of Kenny Irwin's new works of art which will be on view at this year's Robolights, November 21, 2017. (Photo: Zoe Meyers/The Desert Sun)
Irwin and the city agreed the display would only be open from 4 to 10 p.m. and that Irwin would implement a litter control program and pay for a traffic control program–estimated at about $14,000. The area enclosed by Tamarisk Road, Hermosa Drive, Alejo Road and Avenida Caballeros would be barricaded off with “no parking” signs and would only be accessible to residents with parking permits.
Dale Ann Fisher, who lives one block over from the display, said she thought the restrictions were excessive. She said residents were only issued four parking permits and she had to ask her neighbors if she could borrow some so her family could come to her home for Thanksgiving.
Fisher said she has known Irwin for years and supports his project. She has not seen a problem in years past and thought the way the city previously handled parking was sufficient. She said some of her neighbors have told her they feel the same way.
She said the no parking signs make it difficult for residents to drive at night and are an eyesore for residents. Fisher said the new arrangements forced people–some of whom may be elderly or have small children–to walk multiple blocks down dark streets with few crosswalks.
“What they've done, and they know darn well what they've done, is deterred people from going,” Fisher said.
Buy Photo Artist Kenny Irwin smooths out the metal on a new work of art in preparation for the opening of Robolights, November 21, 2017. (Photo: Zoe Meyers/The Desert Sun)
City officials, however, have long maintained that they're not trying to shutter the event.
Assistant City Manager Marcus Fuller said the city had received positive and negative feedback, but that the response from those who live near the display had been mostly positive. The city implemented a parking program a few years ago to address neighborhood concerns, and the area of enforcement expanded each year at the request of residents.
“Most of the people that live within a couple blocks have been pleased that we've taken the additional steps to enforce and cite violations for parking,” Fuller said, adding that since Robolights opened this season, the city has expanded to the west side of Avenida Caballeros at the request of residents.
He acknowledged it was difficult to address everyone's concerns, but said the city was working with Irwin to educate people about the new parking setup and how to visit the display. He said the goal was to get people to park at Ruth Hardy Park and walk and recommended people take safety precautions like bringing flashlights if they visit after dark.
Fuller said the city wanted visitors to be safe, but also “mindful and respectful” of neighbors. He said when some people leave the display, they congregate outside on the street, which is still a public street that residents need to drive on, even if it's not open to visitor parking.
Buy Photo A family visiting Robolights listens to a safety warning before entering the light display on its opening night on Nov. 23, 2016. Hundreds of visitors entered the annual light display despite citations from the city that claim an inflatable Santa and an aviary are safety hazards to the public. (Photo: Zoe Meyers/The Desert Sun)
Richard Vargas of Cathedral City said he brings his family to Robolights every year. He has two kids, a 5-year-old and a 2-year-old. His older child loves the holiday tradition and looks forward to it, he said.
In the past, they've parked on neighboring streets, but this year, when they went to see the display, they found all the roads around the display on Granvia Valmonte blocked off.
“I think they were expecting us to park near Ruth Hardy Park and walk but it's dark and kind of dangerous,” he said, especially with young children.
Vargas said he parked in an area that was marked 'no parking' and saw many other people do the same. He and others parked around him were given $37 citations by the city of Palm Springs.
He said it was worth paying the citation to be closer to the holiday display and not having to try to cross dark streets without crosswalks with his young children.
Corinne Kennedy covers the west valley for The Desert Sun. She can be reached at Corinne.Kennedy@DesertSun.com or on Twitter @CorinneSKennedy.
Read or Share this story: http://desert.sn/2B9LcJZ
The next audit of the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) was completed the day before in Kyrgyzstan . The Ministry of Transport and Roads assessed it as successful. State Secretary of the Ministry Ermek Mamyrkaliyev said today at a meeting of the parliamentary committee on economic and fiscal policy.
According to him, ICAO specialists checked the Manas Airport , the country's airlines and the Civil Aviation Agency. The experts' conclusions turned out to be more positive than in previous years.
«The last two audits were complicated. There have been many criticisms and comments. I can say that yesterday we underwent the audit successfully. Yes, there are comments, but in general the work is going well. I think, as we agreed with the director of ICAO, in 2018 all remarks will be corrected. We hope that at the end of 2018-2019 Kyrgyzstan will withdraw from the black list,» Ermek Mamyrkaliyev said.
Strong winds spoiled the latest Peterborough & DAA match at Ferry Meadows along the High Bank on the Gunwade Lake.
Weights suffered in the difficult conditions, but there were signs of the fish getting back on the feed.
Alan Forrest won the Webb's AC match.
Leading the way was Mike Kirby, who fished long range feeder tactics with dead reds on the hook for 19lb 2oz from peg 35.
Runner-up Chris Wheeler drew peg 42 and caught at the end of the match to finish with 17lb 6oz, followed by Fabian Arpad on a level 16lb.
WEBB'S AC
Webbs AC were back on the Horseshoe Pool at Float Fish Farm Fishery and Alan Forrest topped the leaderboard with 93lb 7oz from peg 12 taken on a small feeder. Runner-up Mick Wright put 58lb 6oz to the scales, then came Colin Clark on 53lb 6oz.
Bob Mills won the Cock Inn match.
COCK INN
Bob Mills won the Cock Inn match on the Small Carp Lake at Kingsland Fishery off peg 15 with 145lb 6oz. Second was Mick Sidney from peg 12 with 143lb and third was Stan Hotchkiss with 110lb from peg six.
OVER 50s
On the same fishery the Wednesday Over 50s match saw some of the best weights recorded in this popular series so far.
First with 140lb 12oz from peg eight was Danny Carlton, who caught steadily all day on the feeder.
Runner-up close by was Roy Wells with 91lb 4oz.
HADDON LODGE
Winner of the latest Haddon Lodge match was Martin Harwood with 33lb 2oz. He opted for a long pole and large pellet approach over to the far side.
Runner-up with 30lb 10oz was Lucio Melillo Senior followed by Lucio Junior on 24lb 14oz. He fished shallow with soft pellet.
HOTPOINT
Hotpoint AC fished the Damson Lake at Decoy and out in front from end peg 18 was Paul Faulkner with a fine 112lb taken on the pole with pellet and sweetcorn. Runner-up was Kevin Larner with 85lb 1oz followed by Pete Sanderson on 83lb 8oz.
DETROIT — Kameron Chatman had 21 points with eight rebounds to lead all five Detroit Mercy starters in double-figure scoring in a 74-60 victory over IUPUI on Friday night.
Chatman, who had four assists and three steals, scored 12 points in the first half when Detroit took a 38-28 lead after shooting 52 per cent and leading by as many at 18.
The Titans led the entire game and made 8 of 19 3-point tries. Roschon Prince and Josh McFolley added 14 points with McFolley making four of the Titans' 11 steals. DeShawndre Black scored 13 points and Cole Long 12 with seven assists for the Titans (7-17, 3-8 Horizon).
Jaylen Minnett led the Jaguars (7-15, 4-7), who have lost four straight, with four 3-pointers for his 12 points. IUPUI didn't get closer than seven in the second half.
Cryptocurrency prices have been highly correlated with bitcoin, falling in lockstep for the first half of 2018.
That could be coming to an end as markets begin to understand the major differences between cryptocurrencies and their use cases, says Ripple CEO Brad Garlinghouse.
“It's early, over time you'll see a more rational market and behaviors that reflect that,” Garlinghouse says.
Cryptocurrency prices have been highly correlated with bitcoin, the first and most famous out of thousands that exist. But that could end soon as markets start to acknowledge the differences between these assets, according to Ripple CEO Brad Garlinghouse.
“There's a very high correlation between the price of XRP and the price of bitcoin, but ultimately these are independent open-sourced technologies,” Garlinghouse told CNBC's “Power Lunch” Wednesday. “It's early, over time you'll see a more rational market and behaviors that reflect that.”
Ripple is the name of the San Francisco-based company developing a network for faster global financial payments, while XRP is the name of the digital token that financial institutions on the network can use to transact quickly.
The company itself had a record first quarter, signing 20 production contracts with new firms, Garlinghouse said. Ripple announced a deal with the largest bank in Kuwait on Wednesday, adding to companies like MoneyGram that are already testing XRP for cross-border payments.
Yet in that same time period, XRP lost 70 percent of its value and was the worst performer among the top digital currencies. The entire sector took a beating in the first quarter, and the market capitalization for cryptocurrencies fell by more than 50 percent, according to CoinMarketCap. Bitcoin lost roughly 50 percent in those three months. “It's still a nascent industry, the speculation in the market dominates the trading activity,” Garlinghouse said. “I think it's a matter of time until people better understand the different use cases.” There are more than 1,500 cryptocurrencies in circulation, according to CoinMarketCap.com. The CEO predicted that 99 percent of those digital assets won't exist in 10 years. “There's gonna be a bit of a correction along the way here where a lot of the players in the space that don't actually solve a real problem are going to get washed out,” he said. Not only do some cryptocurrencies have no proven use case, they have been accused of fleecing investors through a fundraising process known as an initial coin offering, or ICO. The Securities and Exchange Commission has warned of pump-and-dump schemes, shut multiple down, and recently charged one backed by Floyd Mayweather and DJ Khalid with fraud.
“The SEC is getting involved as they should because there have been frauds committed,” Garlinghouse said. “We have been an advocate of yes the government should get involved, the government should be protecting investors and companies but there's also examples of real utility.
The issue of whether or not a cryptocurrency is a security has been a major focus for the financial watchdog. SEC Chairman Jay Clayton made it clear in March that all ICOs constitute securities. But Ripple has maintained that the XRP cryptocurrency should be categorized differently. Garlinghouse pointed out a few differences between XRP and classic securities, like stocks.
“If you own XRP, you don't own rights to the profits or any dividends to the company,” he said. “XRP has real utility.”
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
A tale of two seasons. A tale of two places. Northwestern doesn't understand why September turned out to either.
For at least a little while, the Wildcats hope it continues that way. Because that means they should be ready for their most high-profile game of the season today.
After its road struggles continued in a loss to then-No. 10 Wisconsin last weekend, Northwestern will return home to the much friendlier confines of Ryan Field for its second consecutive game against a ranked opponent, this time unbeaten No. 4 Penn State at noon.
Tabbed as one of the top contenders to perhaps unseat the Badgers as the Big Ten West Division favorite, the Wildcats have instead gotten out of the gate slowly. Behind a young offensive line and with star running back Justin Jackson slowed by a nagging leg injury, the Wildcats suffered lopsided road losses to Duke and the Badgers last month.
Jackson, who piled up 186 yards on 28 carries in a virtuoso performance against Penn State at Ryan Field in 2015, rushed for just 25 on nine carries against the Badgers last week as the offense continued a disturbing trend: In their road losses, the Wildcats have averaged a meek 217.5 yards per game.
“I'm just trying to get back to where I want to be, but I knew I would be a little bit limited for Wisconsin,” Jackson said. “I came out of it feeling good and should be much better this week.”
That said, they've been dominant at Ryan Field, their quaint 91-year-old stadium nestled just off the shores of Lake Michigan. Their home wins, against Nevada and Bowling Green, have been as lopsided as their road losses. In those games, Northwestern is averaging a whopping 593 yards of offense, and their star players are the ones leading the charge. Jackson has averaged 115 rushing yards at home; 21.5 on the road. Quarterback Clayton Thorson is completing 75 percent of his passes for 361 yards per game at Ryan Field, while completing 54.1 percent for 169.5 yards on the road.
For its part, Penn State is expecting emotions to be high for Wildcats fans, considering it is their homecoming game. Plus, it's not exactly as if the Wildcats haven't had success in recent years against the Nittany Lions. Penn State has lost its last two games against the Wildcats, and haven't beaten them since Scranton native Matt McGloin threw for 282 yards and led Penn State to 22 unanswered points in the fourth quarter of a 39-28 triumph.
Just like the Nittany Lions struck early last week with two special teams touchdowns to take a four-touchdown lead on the way to a 45-14 rout of Indiana, they know another strong start against Northwestern might be the difference. Especially on defense, where Penn State's swarming front four is looking to take advantage of a Wildcats offensive line that has allowed 15 sacks this season and 54 since the start of the 2016 season.
“If they are getting the ball off and getting good chunks of yardage on passes, then they will get more confident and throw it a little bit more,” Penn State defensive end Ryan Buchholz said. “If we get some early sacks, some early stops, some early three and outs, they are going to have to change their scheme a little bit.”
A team that has given up too many big plays for its head coaches liking, facing a team built around generating the big play.
A team that has played well at home, against a team that hasn't quite been the same on the road.
Something, both sides know, will have to give.
Contact the writer:
dcollins@timesshamrock.com; 570-348-9100, x5368
@psubst on Twitter
Join us at San Diego's new Holiday Blood Drive! Giving back and saving lives has never been so fun! San Diego Cares: It's in our Blood is this Saturday, December 16, 2017 at the Town & Country Convention Center 8 a.m. – 5 p.m.
The event includes:
Live entertainment
Interactive sports-themed activities for the whole family
Autographs by local sports teams and alumni
Celebrity panel discussions with the Padres, Gulls, Sockers and more
A chance to win a new Honda CR-V
Make your appointment to donate blood and/or volunteer by visiting iCareSanDiego.com, or calling 1-800-4-MY-SDBB (1-800-469-7322).
Detroit Central quarterback El Julian Jordan is upended by Detroit King's Antoine Evans in the second quarter on Friday. (Photo: Daniel Mears, Detroit News)
Detroit — Detroit King was able to overcome an early deficit and defeat Detroit Central, 46-34, Friday in a Detroit Public School League Black Division game.
Early on, Central looked like it was going to come into King and steal the game on senior night. Central had a lot of momentum at the start of the game, but it eventually fizzled as the second half was all King.
Central tried to make a push in the fourth quarter but came up short as a late touchdown run by Jalen Jackson sealed the deal for King.
"Our boys stepped up big in the second half," King coach Tyrone Spencer said. "The defense really came up big for us."
King (6-1, 5-0) got on the board first in the second half on a Shondel Hardnett touchdown run to go up, 25-22.
Spencer had a simple message for his boys going into the half.
"I just told them that when we get the ball that we need to score," he said.
Defensively, King was able to hold Central (5-2, 3-2) to two touchdowns in the second half.
Jackson helped spearhead King's comeback, finishing with four rushing touchdowns, including three in the second half.
"He's a playmaker and he brings that to our team," Spencer said of Jackson.
Central's two touchdowns in the second half came on two touchdown passes from senior quarterback El-Julian Jordan to senior receiver Jerodd Vines.
The second quarter was action-packed as Central took a 16-6 lead early on and looked to have everything going its way.
King marched down the field and got into the red zone, where Dequan Finn completed a pass to Jae'Veyon Morton but fumbled just short of the end zone. Vines scooped up the loose ball and took it 99 yards for a touchdown, pushing Central's lead to 22-6.
However, King had an answer for Central. On the ensuing possession, Jackson broke a few tackles and into the open field for a 70-yard touchdown to cut the deficit to 22-12 with 1:48 left in the half.
Then, King's defense made a huge stop and allowed the offense to have one more possession before the half ended.
With the ball their own 41, Finn hooked up with Hardnett for a big gain before tossing a touchdown pass to Rashawn Williams to make it 22-19 at the half.
Heading into the PSL playoffs next week, Spencer said that his team needs to limit its mistakes.
"We need to cut down on the stupid penalties and learn how to finish the game and not give our opponent any life," Spencer said.
Kevin Moore is a freelance writer.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Aisino Corp:
* SAYS IT SIGNS FRAMEWORK AGREEMENT WITH SHENZHEN TENCENT COMPUTER SYSTEMS ON BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT Source text in Chinese: bit.ly/2nvdvuj Further company coverage: (Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom)
The self-titled debut EP from Arcade Fire, known by some fans as Us Kids Know, is finally streaming online. Take a listen to the seven-track effort below via Spotify.
Recorded in Maine during the summer of 2002, the Arcade Fire EP was self-released via the band's website and sold at their shows. Not long after, the band signed to Merge and released Funeral in 2004. The full-length led to such a rabid fanbase that Merge re-released Arcade Fire on their website before remastering it for a physical release in 2005. The seven-track effort includes an early version of “No Cars Go”, a live staple that was re-recorded for the band's sophomore album, Neon Bible.
(Read: 13 Things You Didn't Know About Arcade Fire and Funeral)
In the age of streaming, the EP has never been available before. However, coming off the release of Everything Now, which featured one of the best songs of the year in its title track, the band apparently decided it was time to unearth the early effort as an early Christmas gift for fans.
Take a listen:
Arcade Fire EP Artwork:
Arcade Fire EP Tracklist:
01. Old Flame
02. I'm Sleeping in a Submarine
03. No Cars Go
04. The Woodlands National Anthem
05. My Heart is an Apple
06. Headlights Look Like Diamonds
07. Vampire/Forest Fire
BANGKOK, 11th December 2017 (NNT) – The North and Northeast of Thailand have enjoyed constant tourist arrivals over the long weekend. Many travelers are drawn to the region's cold weather, natural beauty, and ancient archaeological sites.
In Bueng Kan, Bueng Khong Long Ban Tong Subdistrict is offering boat tours of the lotus-filled lagoon. The water body is the site of a diverse ecosystem of ducks, geese, and swans, as well as tropical pitcher plants or monkey cups. Visitors also marveled at the mountain backdrop of Phu Sing, Phu Thok, Phu Wua, and Phu Langka National Park.
Full story: NNT
Reporter: Jettana Pantana,
Rewriter: Rodney McNeil
National News Bureau of Thailand
London
The Dubai government issued a decree on Thursday that aims to “provide housing solutions for the beneficiaries of grants and their families and to preserve the demography of citizens' residential areas,” said a report from state news agency WAM.
Dubai's Ruler HH Sheikh Mohammed has authorized the emirate's national housing body Mohammed bin Rashid Housing Establishment (MRHE) to permit housing grant benefactors to “sell the house or land granted to him if the beneficiary owns another house or plot of land or if the house does not satisfy his requirements.”
The decree stipulates, “The purpose of selling the house or land should be to buy another house or plot of land and the beneficiary must agree in writing to the transaction being supervised by the MRHE. The beneficiary will not be able to apply for another house or plot of land once the house or land granted to him is sold.”
The law also states that the buyer must be a UAE national and the property should not be attached to any legal or financial liabilities and the sale price should not be less than the market value.
The decree specifies the terms and conditions for selling inherited property, trading properties, purchasing adjacent government-owned property and renting a house built on granted land.
MRHE was established in 2007 with the aim of providing appropriate housing to Dubai nationals through various means, such as granting residential plots, governmental houses and giving housing loans.—Agencies
The Nashville Predators had their hands full with the Colorado Avalanche in round one of the playoffs. What should've been an easy win turned into six games of a heated future rivalry. It all ended in Game 6, where the Predators finally flexed their muscles and put the Avalanche away without a shadow of a doubt. Five to zero was the final score and ended the series at four games to two.
Just because the Predators won the series doesn't mean they were perfect. Some forwards were just plain bad, and the defense was exposed. What was considered to be the best top-four in the NHL was turned inside out by possible Hart winner, Nathan MacKinnon and some very mediocre Avalanche depth.
A lot of the blame fell upon P.K. Subban, especially for his poor play on MacKinnon's incredible assist in Game 5. But this one mistake defined his image throughout the series. There seems to be an idea floating around that Subban is the third or even fourth best defenseman on the Predators, when in fact he's their best player. That applies to this series as well, Subban was great and the stats show it.
Subban's Offensive Contributions
The Predators' defense had a weird start to the playoffs, as what was a strength last year took a while to get going this year. No goal was scored by a defenseman until Mattias Ekholm notched the winner in Game 6. From there, it felt like a weight was lifted off their back and almost everything went smoothly.
Despite not scoring any goals, the defense was heavily involved in the offense. They totaled 13 points at even strength between the top four alone, as Alexei Emelin and Matt Irwin were held off the scoresheet. Subban had three of the 13, all assists and two being primary. Other than that, he did his fair share in the offensive zone. For reference, I'm using individual Corsi created (ICC), individual Fenwick created (IFC), and shots on net.
While Subban produced less than two shots per game, he produced three shot attempts. That's awesome for any player, let alone a defenseman. While his Fenwick created isn't as great, it's nice to know that he's making his attempts count by not shooting into the blocking players. Overall, he had the third best Corsi created and Fenwick created and produced the second most shots by a Predators defenseman.
When accounting all strengths, including the power play, Subban's numbers don't jump too far. He has the same amount of points, but moves from third in Corsi and Fenwick produced to second, so that's kind of neat. The Predators aren't exactly good on the power play, so it's nice to see him producing something on it. As far as individual efforts go, Subban produced some of the best.
Subban Setting the Pace
Possession was a big factor in the Predators' victory. As the series went on, their puck control left the Avalanche tired and depleted. Subban was a big part of that as he dominated shot attempts and just about every other possible metric including shot attempt percentage (Corsi %), unblocked shot attempt percentage (Fenwick), scoring chance percentage (SC %), high danger chance percentage (HDC %), and goal percentage (Goal %). Once again, all stats are at even strength.
This is a coach's dream. Peter Laviolette gave his star some easier talent matchups and Subban made the Avalanche pay. Not only are the numbers above the average 50%, but all percentages are in elite territory. In fact, he is top five in all of these categories among defensemen who played over 100 minutes in the playoffs (I made the cut off at 100 minutes to weed out the third pairing defensemen). The only player he's second to on the Predators is Ekholm, who spent the majority of his minutes with Subban.
If Subban can keep these numbers going, with or without Ekholm, the Predators will go far. He's so good on both offense and defense that his contributions are impossible to predict. His ability to read a play and immediately React has killed odd man rushes before they even happen. While the Avalanche were the best team in the first round in terms of creating chances off the rush, those chances rarely came against Subban because he and Ekholm used their physicality and mental edge to shut down the first pass. The pair ate tough minutes together and came out on top in no small part due to Subban's ability.
Defensemen Have to Defend
Subban dominated every stat, yet is unfairly blamed for most of the Predators' shortcomings despite only having the one really bad play. The fact is that he takes very calculated risks and they pay off most of the time, but when they don't, they're extremely visible. Subban does so much away from the puck that a lot of his contributions go unnoticed. Do you know why Avalanche fans were chanting “Subban sucks”? It's not racism but because he was constantly shutting down the Av's best players and getting under their skin with an effective, albeit somewhat dirty edge.
Playing with this edge has given the Predators an advantage. It takes the opposition off their game and draws penalties. In fact, Subban drew the most penalties of any Predators defenseman with three while only taking two minors, good for third least on the team. So no, he was not a liability but actually a net positive in terms of penalty minutes. Very few players can claim that, but those who do are often recognized for their skill.
Besides penalties, he was great on defense. He only gave the puck away twice in the series, tied for second least on the team while also snatching Avalanche turnovers three times, the best on the Predators' defense. He was a puck-hawk that dominated the blue line and broke up two or three zone entries per game, by my count.
Gone are the days of bone bruising shutdown defensemen like Chris Pronger and Scott Stevens and in their stead are smaller, more agile defenders like Subban. While he wasn't a physically dominating presence, he threw the second most hits of any one of the defense with 11. That's only two behind the leader, Emelin, who's known for his ability to hit.
All in all, he was just as effective in the defensive zone as he was in the offensive zone.
Give P.K. Subban His Due
It doesn't matter whether or not you look at fancy or simple analytics, Subban shines. He's a positive player for the Predators and does more for their success than anyone realizes. Although he was inexplicably kept away from MacKinnon for certain games, he dominated whoever he was up against.
Finding a player who does so much for a team is rare, and it's terrible that people are not celebrating him. I suspect that no one will truly understand Subban's impact until he's out for a long period of time. Quite simply, he is the “X Factor” that pushes teams over the top, and even if his contributions aren't visible, it doesn't mean they're not there. Ekholm would probably be the best testament to that, as his stats have exploded since Subban arrived.
If you love him for his on-ice play, you're justified. And if you hate him for crossing a line every once in a while, that's fine as well. But to think Subban's not as good as Roman Josi, Ryan Ellis, or Ekholm is wrong. The superstar defenseman has proved himself time and time again, and I will write as many articles as are needed to defend him and his play. I just hope that one day we can treasure him the way 30 other fanbases wish they could.
Source: This is beyond you, Khaya Moyo et al – DailyNews Live
6 October 2017
HARARE – Initial reports on the fallout within the Zanu PF cockpit,
fuelled by the worsening acrimony in the ruling party's succession
politics, were down-played by none other than the former liberation
movement's spokesperson, Simon Khaya Moyo.
Khaya Moyo ill-advisedly slammed the private media, in particular the
Daily News – now clearly vindicated – for its story “Mugabe, ED fight . .
. Zanu PF headed for split” which he claimed was symptomatic of a
regime-change agenda.
Now, just on Tuesday night, Vice President Phelekezela Mphoko – who was
acting president during President Robert Mugabe's engagement in
neighbouring South Africa – accusing his counterpart Emmerson Mnangagwa of
lying on his alleged poisoning in August.
If anything, Mphoko's statement shows that indeed things have fallen apart
in the Zanu PF control room, otherwise it would be surprising how an issue
between Zimbabwe's seconds-in-command – which could have been discussed in
a closed-door meeting, would find its way into public platforms.
Those who read political barometers properly will obviously get clues on
what is likely to happen next because indeed, the writing is on the wall.
Now for SK, as Khaya Moyo is affectionately known by many, this appears
too big a shoe for him to fill no wonder why he was no longer accessible
when his comment was sought on the latest developments whose earlier
symptoms he had sought to downplay.
In similar fashion, Home Affairs minister Ignatius Chombo recently
threatened private media and social media users with unspecified action,
accusing them of peddling falsehoods on shortages of fuel and basic
commodities over and above the obtaining cash crunch.
While Chombo may have been right to respond, consistent with his
portfolio, he should not have shot at the messenger.
These shortages were not manufactured because they are still there in our
midst. Long fuel queues and others outside banks have become the order of
the day. Basic commodities like cooking oil – the bulk of which is locally
manufactured and protected under SI64 – that went up over a week ago are
still retailing at around $6 for a 2-litre bottle.
This is the reality on the ground, which Chombo can see for himself
without checking the validity of his passport.
The world has changed Cde minister, and geographically distant places have
come closer because of technology.
No form of threat from the minister will end fuel queues, avail the scarce
bond notes and foreign currency among other challenges.
It appears these issues are well beyond SK and Chombo, who may dignify
themselves by keeping quiet as things unfold.
RIO DE JANEIRO, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Brazilian pension fund Caixa de Previdencia dos Funcionarios do Banco do Brasil, known as Previ, is sticking to its plans for an initial public offering of power holding company Neoenergia SA, the fund's Chief Executive Officer Geitiro Genso said on Friday.
“We will try to list Neoenergia in a better moment,” Genso said.
Neoenergia canceled a planned IPO in December because some of its shareholders did not accept valuations lower than what they were expecting. (Reporting by Aluisio Alves; writing by Tatiana Bautzer, editing by G Crosse)
2:03 Commission holds a brain-storming session to discuss heroin epidemic Pause
0:46 Publix 'shopper' steals lots of Red Bull
1:37 Oscar-winning actress Geena Davis speaks in Sarasota
3:03 The importance of river restoration in the Everglades
0:16 Police officer fired after punching man in handcuffs
1:08 Council's, historic burger joint in downtown Bradenton, reopens for business
1:53 Legoland surprise for one generous 8-year old
0:35 Couples say 'I do' on Valentine's Day
0:51 million flowers arrive at Miami airport for Valentine's Day
Gideon Scanlon almost got mugged. Then he wrote a thank-you letter.Not to his attackers — but to the residents of a Toronto street who he says lifted his faith in humanity.“On a night that showed me the worst of human behaviour, your neighbourhood showed me the best,” reads his letter, hanging on a lamp post on Howland Ave. Scanlon and his friend had been walking home early Monday morning, after an evening of celebratory drinks.They were lost in conversation on the tree-lined residential road near Bathurst St. and Dupont St., when Scanlon heard footsteps from behind. Before he knew it, he said his friend was in a headlock.Article Continued BelowScanlon began running down the street, yelling for help as loudly as he could while two men chased behind him. They had stolen his friend's wallet at knifepoint, but Scanlon escaped unscathed — he said the “wretched knaves” were scared off by a dog's loud barking. His friend ran after the attackers to get his wallet back, he said, but they hopped in a car and drove away.Shocked and shaken, Scanlon sat down on the street. A woman immediately came outside with the barking dog to see if he was all right.
These are the people most wanted by police forces in the UK in relation to alleged sexual offences.
They appear on the Crimestoppers Most Wanted page - a 160-strong list of men and women wanted in connection with crimes across Britain.
Crimestoppers is a registered charity helping law enforcement to solve crimes. Crimestoppers pay cash rewards of up to £1,000 for information and, since its formation in 1988, nearly 134,000 arrests have been made as a result of tip-offs to the charity.
Unlike some countries, the UK doesn't rank its most wanted list - crimes are not ranked by their severity and there is no ‘most wanted individual'. But, according to Crimestoppers: “The nature of the crime or the investigation will influence whether an appeal is featured.”
Police forces across the UK are responsible for the appeals that appear on the Crimestoppers Most Wanted page, uploading and removing entries and ensuring accuracy of any information provided.
Forces have strict controls to ensure that information provided is accurate. However, if you feel that an appeal is incorrect, contact Crimestoppers to let them know and they will pass this information to the relevant police force.
The Providence Bruins 2017-18 defensive group helped contribute to the AHL's second-lowest goals against average at 2.54, trailing only the Toronto Marlies, who happen to be in the Calder Cup Final. The P-Bruins had size, physicality, and above-average skating ability on the back end this season, but the group's offensive contributions held them back from being among the league's elite.
It was a young group, and as the younger players improve their ability to read and process the game, more offense will come. The 2018-19 will likely see the return of two prospects with high expectations, but there will be room for the organization to add to the Providence blue line.
Two Top Prospects Should Return in 2018-19
Jakub Zboril and Jeremy Lauzon will be back in Providence. Both are high draft picks and could use another year of seasoning in the AHL. Lauzon had a frustrating season, missing 22 games due to a concussion. It's the type of injury that can slow development, and 22 games is a lot of time to miss for any type of injury.
Lauzon joined the organization as a second-round pick in 2016. His stock started to rise even more after an impressive showing for team Canada in the 2017 World Junior Championship. He's a physical player who could jump into the rush and join the offense at the junior level. If he can stay healthy, his style of play will endear him to fans in Providence. The left-shot defenseman has a chance to position himself for a role in Boston after another year of seasoning and health.
At the time of his selection, Zboril was seen as a player with a lot of tools in terms of skill. He's a strong skater and appears large on the ice with the ground he's able to cover. Zboril appeared more assertive and was given more opportunity at the end of the season. His offensive numbers should improve next season from the 4-15-19 he tallied in 68 games this season.
Much like Lauzon, 2018-19 will be an important year of development for Zboril. The Bruins organization will be watching closely as there is room to add to the NHL blue line. He possesses a hard shot that will start to pay dividends as Zboril takes more chances. With the veteran situation in Providence unclear right now, Zboril is one of the leaders on defense returning next season. It wouldn't be a surprise if he's a call-up at some point in 2018-19.
Filling Out The Providence Defense
One of the most interesting storylines this offseason is the future of Tommy Cross. The P-Bruins' captain was drafted by the Bruins organization in the second round back in 2007. He's been a mainstay in the organization despite only playing in three NHL games since he turned pro in the 2011-12 season. Cross had another solid season at the AHL level this year, leading all Providence defensemen in scoring with 8-28-36 in 72 games.
Cross would leave a considerable hole in the lineup. He's played a lot of special teams minutes for the P-Bruins. If he leaves, the young blueliners will be given more opportunities in his absence. Providence could still use a veteran defenseman to come in and provide leadership for the young group. There will be a free-agent signing to fill that role if Cross and the Bruins part ways.
Connor Clifton received some good news at the end of the season. The former Quinnipiac Bobcat signed a two-year NHL contract at the beginning of May. Clifton earned the deal after signing in Providence to start the year. Originally drafted by the Arizona Coyotes, the rugged defenseman impressed the organization with his play in Providence this season.
Bruins sign defenseman Connor Clifton to 2-year NHL contract: https://t.co/jTHfv3LHoN — Boston Bruins (@NHLBruins) May 3, 2018
Clifton played a hard-nosed game to become a regular on the P-Bruins blue line. The 5-foot-11 defenseman doesn't shy away from contact. His simple but effective approach led to a season where he finished fifth on the team with a plus-11 rating. In college, his physical play kept opposing teams on edge every night. Boston saw enough potential this season to reward him with the two-year deal.
Emil Johansson will also return after his first season in North America and Harvard product Wiley Sherman will get his first real opportunity as a P-Bruin next year after appearing in two late-season games. There will be a veteran signing or two added to the group. If the organization looks for an AHL veteran, it wouldn't hurt to add a more offensive-minded defenseman to the group. Currently, the core will be young next year, but loaded with potential at the top end.
BOCA RATON, Fla. -- NHL general managers are considering change to the league's goalie interference review process.
The topic, which has emerged as one of the league's hottest issues, was supposed to be discussed for about an hour and a half on the first day of the NHL's spring GM meetings. Instead, it dominated Monday's entire agenda, a discussion that took more than three hours -- and counting.
"Well first of all, you're right about the time spent on it," Toronto Maple Leafs general manager Lou Lamoriello said. "That's all we did speak about, and it's going to be continued [Tuesday]."
While nothing was decided, Lamoriello hinted that reform could be coming before the Stanley Cup playoffs begin next month.
"There should be change and there will be," Lamoriello said. "It's just making sure it's the right thing. I think we also have to be very careful and dwell on that something is majorly wrong. We had several isolated incidents that maybe were flagrant and people disagreed with and they sort of upstaged everything. So we have to be careful with that."
Coaches were given the option to challenge for goalie interference for the first time this season. Out of the 1,114 games played so far -- which featured 6,593 goals scored -- there have been 170 video reviews for goaltender interference.
NHL senior vice president of hockey operations Colin Campbell said that of the 170 reviews, there was internal debate within his department on "nine at the most, possibly six" of the scoring plays.
"The percentage of that is minuscule," Campbell said.
Those numbers have led some general managers to be passive on the issue.
"I think overall, there is nothing major wrong with the system," Montreal Canadiens GM Marc Bergevin said. "It's working, it's working well. It's just a few ones that are making it more difficult to judge."
During Monday's session, Campbell and director of officiating Stephen Walkom showed the league's 31 general managers video of several controversial calls from the season.
According to Campbell, not everyone in the room agreed on what the right calls should be -- highlighting the subjective nature of the issue. The league also invited Dan O'Halloran, an active NHL referee, to be present at the meetings.
"I don't know if it's ever going to be firm, because they're subjective calls," Tampa Bay Lightning GM Steve Yzerman said. "[We're] just trying to clarify the standards."
A change to the review process is more likely than an in-season rule change. For the latter to occur, the NHL Players' Association would have to weigh in, then each of the 31 general managers would need to give an affirmative vote.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
HS SOFTBALL
DISTRICT 2-4 CLASS 6A SUBREGIONAL Semifinals
Hazleton 15, Delaware Valley 0
Williamsport 5, Scranton 2
Wednesday's final
Hazleton Area 10, Williamsport 6
DISTRICT 2-11 CLASS 5A SUBREGIONAL Quarterfinal
North Pocono 7, So. Lehigh 6, 8 inns.
Semifinals
Abington Heights 9, North Pocono 0
Pittston Area 1, Wallenpaupack 0
Wednesday's final
Pittston Area 13, Abington Heights 2
DISTRICT 2 CLASS 4A First round
Berwick 13, Coughlin 0
Dallas 2, Scranton Prep 1
Honesdale 10, Crestwood 0
Quarterfinals
Tunkhannock 4, Honesdale 0
Wyoming Area 6, West Scranton 0
Valley View 6, Dallas 1
Nanticoke 11, Berwick 6
Semifinals
Tunkhannock 1, Wyoming Area 0
Nanticoke 7, Valley View 0
Friday's final
3-Nanticoke (10-5) vs. 1-Tunkhannock (12-3) at Wilkes University, 4:30 p.m.
DISTRICT 2 CLASS 3A First round
Dunmore 11, GAR 0
Carbondale Area 11, Meyers 7
Quarterfinals
Montrose 6, Carbondale 4
Lakeland 5, Lake-Lehman 4
Mid Valley 1, Hanover Area 0
Holy Redeemer 4, Dunmore 0
Semifinals
Montrose 2, Lakeland 1
Holy Redeemer 1, Mid Valley 0
Friday's final
2-Holy Redeemer (16-0) vs. 1-Montrose (14-0) at University of Scranton, 4:30 p.m.
DISTRICT 2 CLASS 2A First round
Riverside 16, Mountain View 3, 6 inns.
Quarterfinals
Holy Cross 5, Riverside 3
Northwest Area 6, Wyoming Seminary 5
Elk Lake 5, Lackawanna Trail 0
Old Forge 6, Blue Ridge 2
Semifinals
Holy Cross 7, Northwest Area 3
Old Forge 11, Elk Lake 1, 5 inn.
Today's final
6-Old Forge (8-6) vs. 1-Holy Cross (11-3) at University of Scranton, 4 p.m.
DISTRICT 2-11 CLASS 1A SUBREGIONAL Quarterfinals
Nativty BVM 15, Lincoln Leadership 0, 4 inns.
Forest City 8, Mahanoy Area 5
Semifinals
Nativity BVM 14, E.S. Notre Dame 3
Williams Valley 10, Forest City 2
District 2 final
Forest City 9, Susquehanna 6
Subregional final
Williams Valley 12, Nativity BVM 2
Fox 21 Television Studios has promoted veteran production executive Nissa Diederich to executive vice president, production.
“Nissa has overseen some incredibly ambitious productions, from seasons of ‘Homeland' overseas in South Africa and Berlin and ‘Genius' in Budapest, to the multiple series of the prolific Ryan Murphy, and she is beloved by creators and executives alike,” said Bert Salke, president of Fox 21 Television Studios, to whom Diederich reports. “She has been enormously helpful to Mark Pearson and me as we've grown the Fox 21 TVS business, and we consider ourselves fortunate to have such a seasoned pro in this vital role.”
In her new role, Diederich will assume oversight of all production matters on the company's series, including “American Crime Story,” “Homeland,” “Queen Of The South,” “Genius,” and “The Chi,” as well as the upcoming “Pose,” “Mayans,” “The Politician” and “Ratched.” Diederich will also remain in charge of production for 20th Century Fox TV's “American Horror Story” and “9-1-1.”
Diederich is a 20-year veteran at Fox, having originally joined Fox Television Studios as a manager of production finance.
LAHORE : National Accountability Bureau (NAB) Chairman Justice (R) Javed Iqbal has on Saturday taken notice of alleged corruption in Lahore-Karachi motorway contracts.
NAB chairman has ordered to conduct a thorough inquiry of allotting contracts at expensive rates and vowed to bring the responsible persons to justice.
Javed Iqbal further directed that the project should not be delayed owing to NAB probe. NAB would continue its efforts against corruption and misuse of national treasure, he maintained.
Orignally published by NNI
SYDNEY (Reuters) - The craze for cryptocurrencies entered a new chapter on Monday as bitcoin futures rocketed by one-fifth of their value at a hotly anticipated launch, while Asian shares climbed amid optimism about global growth.
Tokens of the virtual currency Bitcoin are seen placed on a monitor that displays binary digits in this illustration picture, December 8, 2017. REUTERS/Dado Ruvic/Illustration
The most-traded contract on the Chicago-based CBOE Global Markets exchange opened at $15,460 in New York on Sunday evening, before leaping to a high of $18,700 - a gain of 21 percent. They were last quoted at $18,100 a premium of more than$1,700 to the price on Gemini Exchange.
The futures are cash-settled contracts based on the auction price of bitcoin in U.S. dollars on the Gemini Exchange, which is owned and operated by virtual currency entrepreneurs Cameron and Tyler Winklevoss.
The cryptocurrency has boasted a gravity-defying 15-fold gain since the start of the year, attracting institutional interest and no small amount of question marks.
The acting governor of the Reserve Bank of New Zealand on Sunday said bitcoin appeared to be a “classic case” of a bubble.
“With a bubble you never know how far it is going to go before it comes around,” Grant Spencer told a local television program.
Some market participants believe the fallout across other financial assets from a potential bursting of the bubble will be limited.
“Bitcoin's market capitalisation is currently around $240 billion, which is much smaller, say, than the value of gold outstanding,” said Andrew Kenningham, economist at Capital Economics.
“If the price of bitcoin fell to zero today, the paper losses would be equivalent to a 0.6 percent fall in U.S. equity prices. As most investors have bought bitcoin at much lower prices, the relevant losses would arguably be smaller.”
Asian shares were buoyant with every single market but one in the black, following strong U.S payrolls data and better-than-expected Chinese trade figures on Friday.
Spreadbetters pointed to a strong opening for European shares, while U.S. stock futures indicated a firm start for the S&P 500 which is seen up 0.1 percent.
The MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan added 0.5 percent to 552.38, well above a recent two-month trough of 542.27 points.
Japan's Nikkei climbed 0.6 percent while Chinese shares rallied, with the blue-chip CSI 300 index up 1.3 percent. Vietnam was the only Asian index in the red.
RATE RISES?
Currency market investors were cautious ahead of a big week for policy meetings globally, with the Federal Reserve the only major central bank expected to raise interest rates. The Bank of England and the European Central Bank are likely to hold rates steady.
The dollar steadied near a one-month top against the yen, after climbing 1.2 percent last week. The dollar index, which measures the greenback against a basket of currencies, eased 0.1 percent from close to a three-week high.
Traders will keep their eyes peeled for the Fed's future rate projections as U.S. wages growth and inflation crawl at a snail's pace.
Data out on Friday showed average hourly earnings in the United States nudged up 5 cents or 0.2 percent in November when economists had looked for a 0.3 percent gain.
The weakness persisted despite stronger-than-expected non-farm payrolls, which rose by 228,000 in November.
“We'll be listening close for any signs of a dovish shift,” said Aerin Williams, New York-based forex strategist for Citi about the Dec. 12-13 Fed meeting.
Elsewhere, oil prices slipped after the latest rise in the U.S rig count pointed to an increase in production there.
U.S. crude was down 15 cents at $57.21 a barrel and Brent crude inched 17 cents lower to $63.23, drifting away from a recent 2-1/2 year peak of $64.65.
Spot gold was a tad firmer at $1,249.96 an ounce.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. job growth likely accelerated in January and wages increased further, underscoring the strong momentum in the economy at the start of the year.
Nonfarm payrolls probably increased by 180,000 jobs last month, according to a Reuters survey of economists, after rising 148,000 in December. The unemployment rate is forecast unchanged at a 17-year low of 4.1 percent.
The Labor Department will release its closely watched employment report on Friday at 08:30 am (1330 GMT).
Economists say employment gains are being driven by buoyant domestic and global demand. They saw little boost to job growth from the Trump administration's $1.5 billion tax cut package passed by the Republican-controlled U.S. Congress in December, in the biggest overhaul of the tax code in 30 years.
“I don't think there will be much impact on job growth, in part because the economy is pretty much at full employment,” said Robert Murphy, an associate economics professor at Boston College. “The impact is going to be more on the wage/income side. We will start to see more pressure on wages.”
President Donald Trump and his fellow Republicans have cast the fiscal stimulus, which includes a reduction in the corporate income tax rate to 21 percent from 35 percent, as creating jobs and boosting economic growth.
According to outplacement consultancy firm Challenger, Gray & Christmas, only seven companies, including Apple, had announced plans to add roughly a combined 37,000 new jobs in response to the tax cuts as of the end of January.
January's anticipated jobs gains will be below the monthly average of 204,000 over the past 3 months. The economy needs to create 75,000 to 100,000 jobs per month to keep up with growth in the working-age population.
Job growth is slowing as the labor market nears full employment. Companies are increasingly reporting difficulties finding qualified workers, which economists say will force some to significantly raise wages as they compete for scarce labor.
MINIMUM WAGE INCREASES
Average hourly earnings are forecast rising 0.3 percent in January after a similar gain in December. That would lift the year-on-year increase in average hourly earnings to 2.6 percent from 2.5 percent in December.
The anticipated rise in wages will reflect increases in the minimum wage which came into effect in 18 states last month. Wages could also get a lift from the tax cut. Companies like Starbucks Corp and FedEx Corp have said they will use some of the savings from lower taxes to boost wages for workers.
Further gains are likely in February when Walmart raises entry-level wages for hourly employees at its U.S. stores.
Annual wage growth remains below the 3 percent that economists say is needed to push inflation towards the Federal Reserve's 2 percent target. Fed officials on Wednesday expressed optimism that inflation will rise toward its target this year.
Policymakers, who voted to keep interest rates unchanged, described the labor market as having “continued to strengthen,” and economic activity as “rising at a solid rate.” U.S. financial markets are expecting a rate hike in March.
“A solid jobs market environment, together with a pickup in wage pressure, and on top of healthy U.S. economic activity, will keep the Fed on its charted tightening course,” said Beth Ann Bovino, U.S. chief economist at S&P Global Ratings in New York.
The U.S. central bank has forecast three rate increases this year. It raised borrowing costs three times in 2017.
With the January employment report, the government will publish annual “benchmark” revisions and update the formulas it uses to smooth the data for regular seasonal fluctuations. It will also incorporate new population estimates.
The government said in its preliminary estimate last September that the level of employment in March 2017 was likely 95,000 higher on a seasonally adjusted basis than it had reported.
The shift in population controls means figures on the labor force or number of employed or unemployed in January would not be directly comparable to December. The unemployment rate dropped seven-tenths of a percentage point in 2017 and economists expect it to hit 3.5 percent by the end of the year.
Employment gains were likely broad in January. Manufacturing payrolls are forecast increasing solidly. The sector is being supported by strong domestic and international demand as well as by a weaker dollar.
Unseasonably cold weather probably slowed hiring at construction sites last month. Retail employment likely rebounded after declining by 20,300 jobs in December.
3:20
Trump to Russia-linked ex-advisors: Keep your distance
2:44
AG Sessions says DOJ will cut funding to sanctuary cities
1:30
Brigadier Rashid Bu Rasheed, director of Criminal Investigation Department (CID) at the General Department of Police Operations in Abu Dhabi Police said the suspect was arrested while he was trying to sell around half a kilo of marijuana.
NATIONAL
The number of foreign residents in South Korea has more than doubled over the past decade, topping the 2 million mark in 2016, but multicultural marriages have dropped sharply, government data showed Tuesday.
The number of non-Korean citizens totaled some 2.05 million as of end-December 2016, according to the data compiled by Statistics Korea.
Their portion roughly accounted for 4 percent of the entire population.
Of the 2.05 million foreigners, the number of Vietnamese nationals came to some 150,000 in 2016, the second highest after China and replacing that of the United States for the first time. American nationals came in third with some 140,000.
This file photo, taken April 28, 2017, shows job-seeking foreigners attending a recruitment exposition in Seoul. (Yonhap)
A joint wedding ceremony of multicultural couples takes place in Seoul on Oct. 14, 2016. (Yonhap)
China accounted for nearly half of the foreign residents, with the number coming in at 1.01 million.Multicultural marriages fell some 8 percent on-year to 21,700 in 2016, the data showed.They accounted for 7.7 percent of the country's total marriages of 281,000 in the same year, slightly up from 7.4 percent tallied in the previous year.The number of cross-cultural marriages has been on a steady decline since it peaked at 35,098 in 2011 as the South Korean government announced a set of measures to tighten fast-rising international marriages in 2010. Under the toughened guidelines, the authorities require higher levels of Korean proficiency and certain levels of income in the issuing of a marriage visa.The total number of multicultural marriages amounted to 152,374 last year, sharply up from 5,182 in 2001.The number of students from multicultural families reached 99,000 last year, also sharply up from 20,000 in 2008, which accounted for 1.7 percent of the total students at elementary, middle and high schools in the country.The data also showed that over half of South Korean students were found to play mobile, video and Internet-based games.Those students who are extremely addicted to mobile games or in danger of extreme addiction accounted for 0.7 percent and 1.8 percent, respectively, of all students. (Yonhap)
Feb 1 (Reuters) - Klondex Mines Ltd:
* KLONDEX REPORTS 2017 PRODUCTION RESULTS AND PROVIDES 2018 GUIDANCE; ANNOUNCES POSTPONEMENT OF INVESTOR DAY
* QTRLY ORE TONS MINED 185,325
* ‍COMPANY EXPECTS TO PRODUCE BETWEEN 186,000 AND 202,000 TOTAL GEOS DURING 2018 AT AN EXPECTED CASH COST OF $675 TO $725 PER GEO SOLD​
* THE COMPANY ANTICIPATES ITS 2018 CAPITAL EXPENDITURES TO BE BETWEEN $48 MILLION AND $56 MILLION‍​
* ‍ANTICIPATED THAT FY2018 PRODUCTION COULD VARY 5,000 TO 10,000 OUNCES BETWEEN HIGHEST AND LOWEST PRODUCING QUARTERS​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
IT WAS a dull and dreary day in Derby, the cricketing equivalent of the colour grey.
Leaden skies brought spells of rain, while there was no breath of wind to blow along the clouds.
After a frustrating few hours spent twiddling thumbs, conditions improved for a 24 overs-a-side game starting at 3.15.
In stark contrast to the weather, Yorkshire won an exciting contest by two wickets with one ball to spare, climbing to second in the North Group, one point behind leaders Worcestershire having played a game more.
After the visitors won the toss, Derbyshire scored 189-6, opener Ben Slater striking an unbeaten 109 from 82 balls with 13 fours and a six, his fourth one-day hundred.
David Willey, making his first appearance of the season after returning from the Indian Premier League, took 4-47 from four overs, his best figures for Yorkshire in any format, eclipsing his 3-34 in the quarter-final of this competition against Kent at Canterbury in 2016.
Although the England all-rounder, batting at No 3, was dismissed for a third-ball duck in the chase, top-edging a pull to mid-wicket, the visitors were indebted to Tom Kohler-Cadmore, who top-scored with 81 from 63 balls with five fours and four sixes.
But it was pace bowler Matthew Fisher who won it at the end, the No 10 striking an unbeaten 24 from eight balls with three fours and a six, showing a composure beyond his 20 years.
In muggy conditions, and before a crowd of about 500, Yorkshire made one change to the side that beat Leicestershire by nine wickets on Sunday, teenage batsman Harry Brook left out to accommodate Willey.
Initially, Willey struggled, conceding 21 from his first over – the second of the innings – as Yorkshire failed to find the right lines and lengths.
There were four boundaries in the over as Willey, bowling from the City End, was pulled by Billy Godleman before Slater then flicked him off his pads, off-drove him and pulled him emphatically to the damp boundary rope.
On a pitch that offered good bounce and carry, Yorkshire, in those early stages, bowled much too short, Slater also feasting on a couple of half-trackers from Fisher, one of which flew for six towards the pavilion to raise the 50 stand for the first wicket from just 30 balls.
Having reached 52-0 from the first five overs, which constituted the powerplay, Derbyshire gradually fell away like someone who has fallen in with the wrong crowd.
Yorkshire pulled it back well, Tim Bresnan impressive on his way to 1-19 from four overs with just one boundary conceded, Slater the only batsman to pass 21.
At the halfway stage, Derbyshire were 97-1 and threatening a total well over 200.
Adil Rashid played his part in stymieing the run-rate, and he also got rid of Slater's opening partner, Godleman, the Derbyshire captain well caught at deep mid-wicket by Bresnan.
Bresnan's wicket arrived when Wayne Madsen hooked him to Cheteshwar Pujara down at long-leg.
Luis Reece was forced to retire hurt with a nasty-looking foot injury, sustained running between the wickets, before Willey nipped in with his four-wicket burst.
Gary Wilson was bowled as he attempted to paddle, Matt Critchley was caught behind as he tried to flick to leg, Alex Hughes was taken at deep mid-wicket and Daryn Smit caught slicing to cover.
After Yorkshire's reply began with a maiden from off-spinner Madsen, Adam Lyth and Kohler-Cadmore injected impetus with four sixes in five balls, striking two apiece.
Lyth skied to mid-on in the fifth over before Willey was dismissed, and Yorkshire slipped to 71-3 in the ninth when Pujara was adjudged lbw to leg-spinner Critchley. There was a pivotal moment in the 13th over with the score standing at 87-3.
Gary Ballance, on 11, was badly dropped by substitute fielder Callum Brodrick at deep cover off Critchley, a reprieve that came back to bite the hosts.
Yorkshire added another 45 before Ballance was dismissed, bowled trying to scoop Duanne Olivier.
It triggered a mini-collapse, Yorkshire falling to 133-5 when Bresnan nibbled at one from Rampaul and was caught behind, and to 135-6 when Jonny Tattersall went lbw to the same bowler three balls later.
Rashid then edged Rampaul behind and Kohler-Cadmore struck him into the hands of deep mid-wicket, the West Indian finishing with a career-best 5-48.
It was anybody's game at that point, but Fisher held his nerve, proving – as if proof were needed – that he is a young cricketer of the highest stamp.
Willey said: “We didn't play to our potential but we got across the line. We were probably down by five, 10 per cent in all three departments which made for a tighter game than we would have liked.
“In my first over I bowled too short and got hit square of the wicket. So on a personal level, disappointed with my performance but we got across the line which is the main thing.”
Once again, it has fallen on the shoulders of those who are the targets of hate to push back. It's not always easy to do because of hyper-vocal “free speech” advocates who believe they have the right to spew hatred without consequence. An Ontario judge has just made it harder for them to abuse that right.
A pedestrian walks past the Supreme Court of Canada in Ottawa. ( Sean Kilpatrick / THE CANADIAN PRESS )
In a ruling on whether or not an individual could claim that anti-Muslim statements are immunized from civil liability because they are protected political commentary, Justice Shaun Nakatsuru has provided one of the clearest decisions yet that the constitutional protection of free expression does not extend to hate speech. And in a Canadian twist, the court relied on a 30-year-old Supreme Court judgment on anti-Semitic hate speech to rule that the public is best served in the suppression of communications of racial, ethnic or religious hatred. The case centres on a defamation suit brought by prominent restaurateur Mohamad Fakih against two notorious anti-Muslim advocates. Last summer, Ranendra “Ron” Banerjee and Kevin J. Johnston showed up at a Mississauga location of Paramount Fine Foods to purportedly “protest” during a fundraiser Paramount was hosting that day for the leader of the Liberal Party of Canada, Prime Minister Justin Trudeau. Banerjee and Johnston filmed themselves harassing guests as they arrived and talking to the camera about the event, videos of which were later posted across dozens of websites and social media platforms. Banerjee is filmed saying that one would have to be a “jihadist” and “raped your wife a few times” to enter the restaurant. Johnston, who has already been charged with wilfully promoting hatred against the Peel Muslim community, was there providing his own comments.
Article Continued Below
Banerjee tried to stop the lawsuit from proceeding by claiming that he was expressing his viewpoint on a matter of public interest and invoking Ontario's new anti-SLAPP (Strategic Litigation Against Public Participation) legislation passed in 2015. Banerjee claimed he was at the fundraiser to protest the government's $10.5 million settlement with Omar Khadr and shouldn't face civil liability for freely expressing his political views. But the judge saw through the argument and provided analysis that not only allows the lawsuit to proceed (though Banerjee can still appeal), but also provides important clarity for others targeted by defamatory hate speech including racist stereotypes. “This is a case about freedom of expression,” wrote Nakatsuru. “But it is also about the limits to that constitutionally protected right. Expressions of hatred and bigotry towards racial, ethnic, religious, or other identifiable groups have no value in the public discourse of our nation.” Many of us who have faced hateful comments on Twitter, Facebook, or elsewhere, including through online video, have often felt that there is little recourse. Online platforms are often slow to take down comments, though there have been some improvements due to public pressure. Approaching law enforcement agencies has also proven to be challenging, with uncertainty about whether or not to lay charges under the criminal code, one of the few charges that require the consent of the attorney general. As Corey Shefman, a lawyer and activist in Winnipeg has pointed out, “the attorney general's consent provides a significant barrier in even bringing a charge.”
It's not only the targets of hate who struggle with this. Public institutions are grappling with individuals or groups attempting to organize events which promote hatred and fear of others, or which celebrate those with racist views. The Ottawa Public Library, for instance, is currently being sued for cancelling the showing of a film called Killing Europe.” The film paints a horrifying picture of immigration, particularly of Muslims. A similar outcry erupted when the Toronto Public Library was unwilling to prevent a memorial for a lawyer, who had defended white supremacists and neo-Nazis, from taking place. The library board later went on to implement a policy that would allow it to prevent groups from renting space if they are “likely to promote, or would have the effect of promoting discrimination, contempt or hatred of any group, hatred for any person.”
Article Continued Below
This latest judgment reinforces what many of us instinctively know – hatred will never serve the public interest and to claim otherwise is out of step with the law. Amira Elghawaby is a board member with the Canadian Anti-Hate Network. Follow her on Twitter @AmiraElghawaby
Road Safety Minister Michelle Roberts has dismissed calls for a change to laws to force cyclists to ride in single file.
National lobby group Drivers for the Registration of Cyclists has attracted more than 95,000 supporters for its Change.org petition calling on governments across Australia to “implement compulsory single file for all cyclists who ride in groups” regardless of whether there is a cycle lane.
The group says laws mandating a minimum passing distance of at least one metre are jeopardised when riders travel two abreast, as permitted under existing laws.
Almost 100,000 people have signed a petition to create the law. The West Australian Video Almost 100,000 people have signed a petition to create the law.
The petition also asks for cyclists to be banned from roads with speed limits above 80km/h if there is not a designated bike lane.
Mrs Roberts said there were no plans to review the law.
“This is not something in place anywhere in Australia, nor is it something being considered here,” she said.
“The vast majority of cyclists use common sense.”
Acting State Road Safety Commissioner Iain Cameron said safe passing distance laws, introduced in WA in November, provided allowances for drivers to overtake cyclists.
“Drivers are permitted to cross continuous and double white lines, but only when it is safe to do so and they have a clear view of oncoming traffic, allowing more opportunity to safely pass cyclists,” he said.
Westcycle chief executive Matt Fulton disputed the claims in the petition that riding in single file would be safer for cyclists. He described the petition as an “emotional response” to cyclists from drivers and encouraged mutual respect between road users.
“Riding two abreast makes riding safer because it makes riders more visible and reduces the distance for cars to overtake, therefore reducing the risk involved,” he said.
“Our guidance to the cycling community is it is legal to ride two abreast but at times it is respectful and appropriate to ride single file.”
Mr Fulton said most cyclists who died on WA roads were riding alone, so cyclists in single file would be more vulnerable.
Washington supports ISIS, al-Nusra and likeminded terrorist groups – bearing full responsibility for their high crimes, easily ended by no longer recruiting, funding, arming, training and directing them.
On Monday, multiple blasts in the Damascus Midan district killed at least 15, including five policemen, injuring others.
Four suicide bombers wearing explosive belts, carrying grenades and other weapons, were responsible, according to Russian-language RIA news and al-Mayadeen television. No group claimed responsibility so far.
The Arabic-language al-Watan broadsheet said the attacks occurred at a Midan neighborhood police station in Damascus.
Syrian Interior Minister Mohammad al-Shaar said terrorists targeted the facility, clashed with officers, then blew themselves up.
One detonated his explosive belt at the station's main entrance, another on its first floor. ISIS and al-Nusra claimed responsibility for previous attacks in Damascus.
Expect lots more of these type incidents ahead, Washington using its terrorist foot soldiers against Syrian civilians, along with daily terror-bombing – retribution for Syrian and allied forces, greatly aided by Russian airpower, defeating its regional imperial agenda, wanting regime change in Syria, followed by Iran.
Separately on Monday, Assad met with senior Russian economic and business officials, discussing joint ventures in energy, phosphates, transport, pharmaceuticals, and water resources – part of the plan to rebuild the nation's infrastructure and economy.
Assad explained liberating over 10,000 square miles of territory from US-supported terrorists paves the way for beginning the process of restoring conditions to pre-war status.
Russian companies will play a major role in the longterm project, China involved as well, US and other Western companies excluded.
Submit your review 1 2 3 4 5 Check this box to confirm you are human. Submit Cancel Create your own review Average rating: 0 reviews
Feb 1 (Reuters) - Univar Inc:
* UNIVAR ANNOUNCES CEO SUCCESSION PLAN
* ‍BOARD OF DIRECTORS HAS SELECTED DAVID JUKES AS COMPANY‘S PRESIDENT AND CEO EFFECTIVE MAY 9, 2018​
* STEPHEN NEWLIN, COMPANY‘S CURRENT CHAIRMAN AND CEO, WILL BECOME EXECUTIVE CHAIRMAN OF UNIVAR‘S BOARD OF DIRECTORS
* UNIVAR BOARD OF DIRECTORS ALSO EXPECTS TO APPOINT JUKES TO BOARD AT TIME OF HIS PROMOTION Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
× Missouri Highway Patrol investigating fatal Jefferson County crash
ST. LOUIS, MO — The Missouri Highway Patrol is investigating a deadly weekend crash that killed a teen in Jefferson County. It happened about 11pm Saturday night.
Investigators say Cody Dowd, 18, was involved in a crash with another vehicle on southbound I-55 near the Imperial main exit.
After the crash Dowd got out of his vehicle which was then struck by another car.
Dowd's vehicle slammed into him. Four other people were injured in the wreck .
The accident shut down the highway for several hours.
As a book-lover, you probably already know that the best first date you'll ever have is with a brand-new book. A few nights ago, I was unlucky enough to have a not-so-hot date with a person, not a book. I didn't have high expectations, but even so, the failure of the evening made me feel insecure, lonely, embarrassed, and frustrated. When I finally got home, all I wanted to do was put on my pajamas and settle in with a good book.
When it comes to post-date reading, there are a few different directions you can go. Sometimes you want a book that takes your mind off of the awkwardness of the evening. Other times, you want a book that will help you work through what the hell just happened. Maybe you just want a book that boosts your confidence and makes you feel good, because sometimes dating can make you feel really insecure. Or, perhaps, you want a book that proves that you're not alone in your struggle for love. That other people have gone through the same trials and tribulations, and sometimes they made it out on the other side with the romance of their dreams.
Dating is hard, but reading shouldn't be. That's why I've put together this list of nine books for you to read after your next not-so-great date:
'The Girl Who Circumnavigated Fairyland in a Ship of Her Own Making' by Catherynne M. Valente Get lost in this wonderful fantasy book about, well, exactly what the title describes. Filled with adventure and magic, this book will transport you to a world where your bad first date never happened. Click here to buy.
'The Stars Are Legion' by Kameron Hurley. If your bad date was with a man, perhaps you want to forget about men for a few hundred pages. And in this fantastic read there are no men whatsoever. Set on the outer rim of the universe, this is the heart-pounding story of a woman who wakes up as a prisoner with no memories and is told she is her people's only hope. But she learns that's not the whole truth. Click here to buy.
'Tiny Beautiful Things: Advice on Love and Life From Dear Sugar' by Cheryl Strayed OK, so what if you do want to think about that date? No one gives better advice than Cheryl Strayed, a.k.a. Sugar. This book compiles the best excerpts from Strayed's famous advice column, and you will certainly walk away from reading it with some insight on how to address your love problems, whatever they may be. Click here to buy.
'Self-Inflicted Wounds: Heartwarming Tales of Epic Humiliation' by Aisha Tyler Feeling embarrassed about that horribly awkward date? In her memoir, comedian Aisha Tyler's shares all her own humiliating moments, and she'll get you laughing about her experiences — and your own — in no time. Click here to buy.
'This Is Just My Face: Try Not to Stare' by Gabourey Sidibe's confidence is infectious, and her life story is beyond inspiring. This is a remarkable, hilarious, and relatable read that will bring a smile to your face, no matter how terrible the date. Click here to buy.
'Geekerella' by Ashley Poston OK, time to make up for the romance deficit in your evening with this adorable, feel-good YA novel. Geekerella is a nerdy Cinderella retelling, complete with a cosplay ball and a food truck for a pumpkin carriage. Click here to buy.
'To All The Boys I've Loved Before' by Jenny Han You know what's probably worse than a terrible first date? All the crushes you've ever had in your life discovering at the exact same moment that you liked them. Lara Jean wrote a letter to every boy she's loved before — but she never sent them. But when an anonymous trickster sends all the letters, Lara Jean finds herself in the middle of some serious drama. Click here to buy.
'The Wedding Date' by Jasmine Guillory This romance begins with a fake date — a.k.a. the best kind of date — which somehow turns into something super steamy... and real. This is a must-read if you're looking to replace the bad taste your date left in your mouth with something delicious. Click here to buy.
SEOUL (Reuters) - General Motors and South Korea are considering increasing the size of their investment in the U.S. automaker's local unit from a previously proposed $2.8 billion, a senior government source with direct knowledge of the matter said on Wednesday.
Cars made by GM Korea are seen in a yard of GM Korea's Bupyeong plant before they are transported to a port for export, in Incheon, west of Seoul August 9, 2013. REUTERS/Lee Jae-Won/Files
GM Korea averted bankruptcy on Monday after striking a last-minute wage deal with its labour union. The U.S. automaker has been in talks with the South Korean government on providing financial support, and a preliminary deal on the assistance is likely to be signed on Friday.
GM had said it would fund its “portion of the $2.8 billion investment”, paving the way for two new sport utility vehicles to be built in South Korea. The investment was to be over a 10-year period and was conditional to the company winning union concessions and getting government financial support.
State-run Korea Development Bank (KDB) previously said it may offer about 500 billion won ($468.4 million), proportional to its 17 percent stake in GM Korea, to help fund GM's investment in the unit.
“GM has expressed its intention to increase the size of new money injection from its previous plan to normalise management, and asked the KDB to expand its funding proportional to its stake,” the source told Reuters, requesting anonymity as the matter was confidential.
He declined to comment on the size of the investment.
Cars made by GM Korea are seen on trucks in a yard of GM Korea's Bupyeong plant before they are transported to a port for export, in Incheon, west of Seoul August 9, 2013. REUTERS/Lee Jae-Won/Files
South Korean online media MoneyToday reported on Wednesday that GM said it would expand the investment to more than 4 trillion won, meaning that KDB's spending would also rise to 700 billion won.
GM and KDB declined to comment.
GM shocked South Korea in February when it unveiled a major restructuring plan for the money-losing unit, involving shuttering one of its four plants in the country and voluntary redundancies for 2,600 workers.
On Wednesday GM Korea started receiving applications for a fresh voluntary redundancy program targeted at mainly the remaining 680 workers at the Gunsan factory which faces closure by May.
General Motors Korea's labour union members protest, while demanding that GM withdraws a plan to shut down a plant, in Seoul, South Korea February 28, 2018. Yonhap via REUTERS/Files
The automaker had earlier said it would file for bankruptcy protection should it fail to gain concessions from the union by its extended deadline of Monday evening.
An hour before the deadline expired, the union reached a preliminary deal to freeze base wages, skip bonuses this year and trim benefits, subject to a vote by its members on Wednesday and Thursday.
KABOOM! WHOMP! BRRRAPPP!
No, you haven't walked into an episode of the mid-'60s Batman. Welcome to 50 of the greatest, most destructive, and ear-rattling movie explosions of all time. You're welcome, America: home of the whopping explosions, the land of the free disaster clips all over YouTube. In an age where Steven Soderbergh has us feeling a bit guilty for indulging in mayhem pornography, we say light this turkey and watch the mesmerizing glow, baby!
Feel the heat on your back as you coolly walk away from chaos! Feel no remorse as you ignore the fact that innocent bystanders probably ate it in the blast! It's the 4th of July, and this list is about big badabooms. Our forefathers, John Rambo and John Matrix, came to this country, to our cineplexes, to exercise their right to destroy property. And bad guys. And the White House. Wait a minute … those were aliens.
Still, we're here now to do some Van Dammage. So try not to lose a finger, and be sure to play either “Pyromania” or “The 1812 Overture,” as we let it sing this holiday with a thunderous list of orange and yellow madness. Mind you, these 50 fiery bangers are in no particular order, namely because explosions don't exactly adhere to form and structure. Just know that there's nothing more American than claiming your own piece of land and blowing it the hell up.
–Blake Goble
Staff Writer
__________________________________________________________
Clowns do everything bigger: they have higher highs, lower lows and the same goes for everything in between. They even have bigger existential crises, if you ask local clown duo Morro and Jasp, who use their latest show, Morro and Jasp in Stupefaction, to explore life's big questions.“It's our biggest idea ever. Morro and Jasp are trying to find the meaning to life and meaning in life,” Amy Lee said from their rehearsal hall before this week's opening at the Streetcar Crowsnest. Lee was in character as Jasp, the type-A clown with a romantic streak and a thirst for fame and attention, recognizable for her puffy-sleeved blue dress and tight pigtail buns. Heather Marie Annis sat next to her as the free spirit Morro, as spontaneous as Jasp is calculated, her pigtail buns as teased and frizzy as Jasp's are neat. If it weren't for the red noses, you'd never tell they were sisters.“Yeah, because we were feeling pretty bummed out by the world. And we thought, ‘What's the point of it all?' ” Annis said with a customary burst of energy. “How do we make money? We don't have any benefits. How are we supposed to buy a house?” (Jasp interjected, “We can't, not in this market.”)Article Continued Below“Why does everyone hate each other? Is there going to be another war? Are we all gonna die?”As clowns, Morro and Jasp aren't afraid to articulate the general atmosphere of trepidation and concern that afflicts just about anyone who reads the news and blow it up to comical proportions. In Stupefaction, their trip to the theatre to catch a play takes a turn, and the two clowns invent a new system of beliefs that, in the span of the play, attracts a group of followers, becomes corrupted and then devolves.
Letter: Dismantle the FAA's involvement in medical certification?
By Jim Posner, Poulsbo, Wash. I have long thought that the FAA should NOT be in the medical certification business, at least for Part 91 operations. Ever since my denial – despite letters from my doctors specifically stating that I am good to go – I have tried to understand why they should consider themselves more qualified to determine my fitness to fly than my own experts.
FILE - In this Sept. 26, 2017, file photo, House Minority Whip Steny Hoyer, D-Md., center, speaks to immigrant rights supporters who gathered in front of the U.S. Capitol in Washington. A spokeswoman says July 4, 2018, that Hoyer is being treated at a Washington hospital for pneumonia but is expected to recover quickly. Pablo Martinez Monsivais, File AP Photo
A bill to bolster programs that help Iowa workers of today and the future acquire new skills passed the Iowa Senate without a dissenting vote today. Senator Craig Johnson, a Republican from Independence, said the bill will have “a huge impact” on the state's economy.
“One of the biggest concerns for businesses in the state is finding quality employees,” Johnson said. “The programs contained in this legislation are going to help reduce the skilled workforce gap in Iowa.”
Summer internship programs, new state financing for apprenticeships and mentoring for college students are all mentioned in the bill. While Democrats joined Republicans to support the measure, some questioned whether Republicans who control voting majorities in the House and Senate will follow through later with the money to make the programs run.
Senator Bill Dotzler, a Democrat from Waterloo, promised to eat the cover of a book about the so-called “Future Ready Iowa” initiative if that money is provided.
“I'm going to hope and pray that we can put our money where our mouth is and this isn't some phony marketing program to sound good at election time,” Dotzler said. “I'm tired of that.”
Dotzler was part of a “Future Ready Iowa” task force and the group's recommendations have been Republican Governor Kim Reynolds' top legislative priority.
“Everyone knows how important it is that we have a skilled workforce,” Reynolds told reporters earlier today. “Job creators, businesses all across the state, they are energized. They tell me business has never been better. They're projecting significant growth. They just need people.”
Democratic Senator Matt McCoy of Des Moines, who did vote for the bill, called it “to re-elect Kim Reynolds plan.” Early in the debate, Senator Nate Boulton, a Democratic candidate for governor, unsuccessfully tried to delete a section that calls for spending half a million dollars on marketing and promotional materials for the “Future Ready” effort.
“This is a pen that says ‘Future Ready Iowa' on it. It's being handed out to people that are going to be wanting Kibbie grants, but not able to get them,” Boulton said. “We're handing out bandannas to people that cannot get a Kibbie grant, but they're going to get a bandanna to tell them about it.”
Republicans like Senator Johnson say it's important to market the program, so people know there are options for training beyond a high school degree.
“Iowa employers continue seeking skilled workers to better compete in markets at home and abroad,” Johnson said.
The bill already passed the House unanimously last week and is headed to the governor for her signature.
Baby formula is being pulled from shelves around the world after French authorities ordered a leading dairy company to stop selling hundreds of products because of concerns about food safety.
French firm Lactalis is recalling formula destined for markets including China, Greece, Pakistan and Peru after 26 infants fell ill with salmonella poisoning in France.
Lactalis was told earlier this month about an outbreak of salmonella poisoning among children who had consumed its products, but the steps it took weren't enough to bring the risk of contamination under control, France's top health and consumer agencies said.
The affected products are marketed under brands like Milumel, Celia and Picot. The French government published a list online of all the different formulas that it said can no longer be marketed or exported. It urged parents already in possession of them to stop using them.
The suspected contamination took place at Lactalis' factory in northwestern France. The company said the recall covers all products made there since mid-February.
French national news agency Agence France-Presse quoted a Lactilis spokesman as saying that "nearly 7,000 tonnes" (7,700 tons) of production may have been contaminated. The company didn't immediately respond to questions from CNNMoney seeking further information.
Lactalis said in a statement Sunday that it was "sincerely sorry for the anxiety caused by the situation and expresses its compassion and support for the families whose children have fallen ill."
French authorities said the children have recovered.
Salmonella infections can be life-threatening, especially for young children, pregnant women and their fetuses, the elderly, and people with weakened immune systems.
Chinese consumers are especially sensitive to health scares in baby food after melamine-tainted baby milk led to the death of six children and caused hundreds of thousands of others to fall ill in 2008.
That caused distrust in locally produced infant formula and benefited foreign suppliers such as Nestle, Abbott, Danone -- and Lactalis, a family-owned company which had global sales of 17 billion euros ($20 billion) in 2015.
In 2013, China halted imports of some New Zealand milk powders over a botulism scare at Fonterra, a big dairy company. Fonterra later said the scare was a false alarm.
The-CNN-Wire™ & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
New Year's kicked off with familiar favorites, “Rogue One: A Star Wars Story” and “Sing,” dominating the domestic box office. Both films have emerged as the biggest hits of the holiday season.
The “Star Wars” spinoff topped the box office, just as it has since opening three weeks ago. “Rogue One” racked up $64.3 million for the four-day holiday weekend. That pushes its North American total to $424.9 million, putting it in second place among last year's highest-grossing domestic releases. Globally, “Rogue One” has made $774.9 million, with China, the world's second-largest film market, yet to open.
Disney, which released “Rogue One” through its Lucasfilm banner, has four of the year's top five domestic earners, including “Finding Dory,” which was the highest-grossing stateside film with $486.3 million. The company had a lot riding on “Rogue One.” It invested roughly $4 billion to the rights to the “Star Wars” canon, with a goal of creating a cinematic universe to rival Marvel's. “Rogue One” is the first of several planned spinoff films that will exist outside of the main Skywalker family saga. Disney is also readying a film about Han Solo's origins, with Alden Ehrenreich poised to inherit Harrison Ford's blaster.
“Sing,” an animated story about a talent competition involving animals, picked up $56.4 million, bringing the film's domestic total to $180 million. “Sing” is the latest offering from Illumination and Universal. The partners have previously collaborated on “Despicable Me” and last summer's hit, “The Secret Life of Pets.” What makes Illumination's accomplishments particularly impressive is that “Sing” cost $75 million to make at a time when most major animated releases carry budgets in excess of $100 million. “Sing” features vocal work from Matthew McConaughey, Reese Witherspoon, Seth MacFarlane, and Taron Egerton, as well as music from the likes of Taylor Swift, Ariana Grande, and Stevie Wonder.
In third place “Passengers,” a science-fiction romance with Chris Pratt and Jennifer Lawrence, earned $20.7 million over the four days, pushing its domestic gross to $66 million. “Passengers” is being watched closely, because it is the first major greenlight of Tom Rothman's reign as studio chief at Sony. With a $110 million budget and millions more spent in promotion, “Passengers” is banking on foreign crowds to lift it into the black. To that end, the film caught a break, scoring a release date in China on Jan. 13 — Chinese conglomerate Wanda, an investor on the film, will help with marketing in the Middle Kingdom.
Fox's “Assassin's Creed” made $10.8 million holiday. The video game adaptation has earned a lackluster $41.9 million since opening over Christmas. With a hefty $125 million budget, it will need foreign audiences to turn out in force if it wants to avoid a write-down.
Fox has had more success with “Why Him?,” a mid-budget comedy with Bryan Cranston and James Franco. The film centers on a generational clash between a father who hates his daughter's boyfriend. It earned $13 million over the four day holiday and has made $37.5 million domestically.
The end of the year also played host to a slew of awards seekers. Paramount's “Fences” has scored among the adult dramas flooding theaters. The August Wilson adaptation is generating Oscar buzz for star and director Denzel Washington, as well as for Viola Davis. Both actors appeared in an acclaimed 2010 Broadway revival of the play. The drama earned $12.7 million over the holiday and has made $32.4 million since debuting three weeks ago in limited release.
Paramount also fielded the religious drama “Silence.” It's a passion project for Martin Scorsese, who has been trying to bring the story of Jesuits in feudal Japan to the screen for decades. “Silence” earned $110,000 in four locations over the weekend, bringing its total to $337,000. The movie, a cerebral examination of spirituality, will need to get Oscar attention if it wants to resonate with mainstream crowds.
Lionsgate's “La La Land” is a hit with critics and audiences. The musical reunites Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone, who previously appeared together memorably in “Crazy Stupid Love” and less so in “Gangster Squad.” It earned $12.3 million over the four-day holiday, bringing its gross to $37 million. Along with “Manchester by the Sea” and “Moonlight,” “La La Land” is seen as a leading contender for a Best Picture statue at the upcoming Academy Awards.
Fox's “Hidden Figures,” drama about a team of African-American scientists who calculated flight plans during the early days of the space program, earned an impressive $1.1 million for the four days from just 25 theaters. It goes into wide release next weekend. Octavia Spencer, Janelle Monáe, and Taraji P. Henson.
“Patterson,” Jim Jarmusch's look at a soulful bus driver, made $88,167 for the long weekend, bringing its gross to $119,657. It is being released by Amazon Studios and Bleecker Street, with Adam Driver starring.
“Live by Night,” a Warner Bros. gangster picture with Ben Affleck, continued to struggle in limited release. The film picked up $50,000 from four theaters for a paltry per-screen average of $12,548. It opens in wide release on Jan. 13.
CBS Films' “Patriot's Day” earned $200,000 from seven theaters to bring its total to $681,000. The story of the Boston Marathon bombing expands nationally in two weeks.
Roadside Attractions ended the year on a high note. The indie distributor behind “Manchester by the Sea” and “Hello, My Name is Doris” announced that it had its best year ever from a box office perspective with $75.7 million. Its previous highest grossing year was in 2013 when it took in $44.8 million.
Adelphi University student Usman Anwar works at his campus job on Long Island, N.Y. Anwar said he skipped a trip home to Pakistan this summer because he worried he might not be allowed to re-enter the U.S. if he left. Like Anwar, some international students have remained in the U.S. because they worried about potential travel troubles, even if they aren't from majority Muslim countries in the government's travel ban rules. (Photo: Noelle Fiallo-Evans / AP)
Art student Usman Anwar planned to spend this summer at home in Pakistan, visiting family and hiking with friends, but as he followed news about President Donald Trump's orders on immigration, he decided it was too risky to leave the U.S.
“I had a feeling that if I would go back … I won't be able to continue my studies here again,” he said.
Instead of visiting Lahore, the 22-year-old sophomore remained at Adelphi University on New York's Long Island, which provided him with a free room and a campus marketing job — assistance that was key, he said, because his family hadn't budgeted for the expense and visa restrictions limit off-campus work.
Adelphi is among a number of U.S. schools that offered housing, employment or other help to accommodate international students who stayed because of the concern and uncertainty surrounding U.S. requirements since the White House imposed a travel ban on six mainly Muslim countries.
A Supreme Court ruling on the travel ban exempted many travelers who have a “bona fide relationship” with an entity in the U.S., such as those admitted to universities. But educators who work with and advocate for international students say many remain concerned, even if they aren't from the six listed countries — Iran, Libya, Syria, Somalia, Sudan and Yemen.
“Whether or not the fears that the students have are based in a concrete reality is almost not relevant,” said Perry Greene, Adelphi's vice president for diversity and inclusion. “What's relevant is the anxiety and fear that for our students was quite real.”
It's unknown exactly how many international students decided to cancel travel plans and stay put this summer. Some schools say they learned of such students only through efforts to make assistance available.
Ohio University said it provided summer housing or dining accommodations for 18 students from the countries in Trump's temporary travel ban rules, covering the costs through an existing endowment used to help students in need.
A handful of Lawrence University students from two countries not on the list, Pakistan and Jordan, decided to stay in the U.S., and the school in Appleton, Wisconsin, provided reception-type campus jobs for two of them, said Leah McSorley, the associate dean of students for international student services.
Many other schools pointed foreign students to support services and legal resources that could help with travel questions.
“With the uncertainty that's there, I think people have been thinking twice about some of these decisions and wanting to make sure that they don't put themselves in situations that could complicate their lives,” said Fanta Aw, the interim vice president of campus life at American University in Washington, D.C. The school surveyed international students in the spring and found that many planned to stay for summer, often for academic or professional reasons, but travel and visa concerns also were a consideration, Aw said.
Anwar said he reconsidered his summer plans after experiencing increased airport scrutiny and heightened anxiety among travelers when he returned to New York from a visit in January shortly before Trump's inauguration. He's still wary about traveling and wonders whether talking about his concerns might cause him trouble in the future.
Awaiting fall semester, he has spent his free time sketching or occasionally grabbing halal meals with friends at a Long Island restaurant.
He is getting homesick and wants to visit Pakistan during winter break — maybe, “if the situation changes.”
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2uDP3bq
Netflix's eye-popping rise on the stock market has hit a speed bump: Shares of the streaming giant fell as much as 5% Tuesday, after the company announced its biggest junk-bond offering to date.
The sell-off came after Netflix on Monday evening priced $1.9 billion in debt financing, cash it intends to use to feed its growing appetite for original programming. The company has projected a content budget of $7.5 billion to $8 billion for 2018.
Shares were down 4.2% as of 1:40 p.m., to $305.32 per share; Netflix stock closed down 2.8% Monday after it announced its initial $1.5 billion debt-funding plans. Still, the stock is trading up more than 50% since the beginning of the year.
The dip signals investor potential concern about Netflix's heavy cash-burn strategy. The company is forecasting free cash-flow to be negative in 2018 — to the tune of as much as -$4 billion — and says that will continue for the next few years. The stock decline could also reflect profit-taking after shares have hit record highs this month, after Netflix posted strong first-quarter 2018 subscriber net adds in spite of a multi-territory price hike.
Netflix hasn't been secretive about plans to assume more debt, regularly informing investors of its intentions to issue more junk bonds (which carry a higher yield and higher risk than investment-grade bonds).
“[W]e believe the debt is lower cost of capital compared to equity,” as the company said in its April 16 shareholder letter.
The $1.9 billion proposed debt offering is the biggest in Netflix's history, and the fifth time in a little more than three years that Netflix is raising $1 billion or more through bonds. As of March 31, Netflix had $6.54 billion in long-term debt and $17.9 billion in streaming content payment obligations (of which $3.44 billion are long-term content payment obligations).
Deandre Green, 25, of Orlando, was arrested and faces human trafficking and drug charges after undercover Sarasota County detectives arrested him at a hotel on Friday. Sarasota County Sheriff's Office
MADRID (Reuters) - As holders Barcelona put one foot in the King's Cup final with an entertaining 1-0 victory over Valencia on Thursday, the atmosphere in the stadium was subdued with the Nou Camp only half-full.
Despite Lionel Messi, Luis Suarez and club-record signing Philippe Coutinho all being involved in the showpiece semi-final first leg, involving the sides first and third in La Liga, the official attendance figure was just 50,959.
That was Barcelona's second-worst attendance of the season, after their Champions League dead rubber against Sporting Lisbon in December.
“I'm not sure what we can do to incentivise fans,” coach Ernesto Valverde said.
“I guess the kickoff time does not help. It finishes late, people are working, it's winter. We just try to allow those who do come to enjoy themselves.”
It is a problem the King's Cup has faced all season. Real Madrid, with their 81,000 capacity Bernabeu stadium, only sold 46,409 tickets for their quarter-final tie against local rivals Leganes last month.
There were also more than 15,000 empty seats for Atletico Madrid's home encounter with Sevilla in the same round.
There are a number of reasons why attendances are lower for King's Cup matches than for league fixtures.
The competition's two-legged format means fans could have four extra games to attend in January and early February, immediately after Spain's prolonged festive period in what is traditionally the most frugal period of the year.
Other factors include adverse weather conditions, late mid-week kickoffs and the fact that Cup games are shown on terrestrial television.
They all combine to ensure that in its current format, the King's Cup shows few signs of whetting fans' appetites.
Pro Kabaddi League 2017 Season 5: Jaipur Pink Panthers coach lashes out at referee's poor performance
Balwan Singh wasn't a happy man at the press conference.
by Somesh Chandran Press Conference 14 Aug 2017, 16:44 IST
The referee's decision left the Jaipur Pink Panthers fuming
On Sunday, the Gujarat Fortunegiants registered a comfortable win over the Jaipur Pink Panthers and continued their good home run. Once again, Sachin played a vital role for Gujarat, scoring seven crucial raid points. Eventually, those seven points turned out to be the difference between the two teams.
However, Jaipur coach, Balwan Singh ranted against the referee post the game. He believes both sides were on equal footing but the referee ruined what was a closely contested game.
During the second half, the referee came under the spotlight for making a questionable decision. Jaipur had four men on the mat and after Gujarat's successful raid, he initially decided to award one raid point to Fortunegiants.
At first, the referee decided not to permit Gujarat from taking the review, he changed his decision seconds later and awarded two points to Gujarat, thus reducing Jaipur to just two men on the mat. Balwan was livid with the referee and reckons it completely changed the outcome of the game.
"This is a game and mistakes are bound to happen. It is part of the game and that is why we lost. When Gujarat did not ask for the review why did the referees give it?" the coach quipped. "The referee should have taken the decision then and there. The game changed at that very moment. The first decision was perfect, a decision should not be controversial. The referee was confused and didn't know who to favour."
"That one point was equal to losing seven points. Instead of one, we lost two players. We could have executed a super tackle if we had one more," he added.
The Fortunegiants' coach, Manpreet Singh was extremely cautious with his words. Asked about the referees controversial decision to change the review request, he chose his words carefully and refused to explain the situation.
"It does not matter what the opposition coach says. The referee decides if the review is successful or not. I don't want to comment on that. Obviously, when the turning point of the game goes in your favour, any team is bound to benefit from it," he said.
Instead, Manpreet decided to shift the focus on his sides ominous form at home. In the previous two legs, neither the Telugu Titans nor the Bengaluru Bulls were able to pull off two consecutive wins. However, Gujarat have already managed to win three on the trot.
"In Hyderabad and Nagpur, we played some good matches. But the home teams there were not able to win three matches on the trot. We have done that and shown it. It is possible to win games continuously at home if you plan well," he signed off.
WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump will once again skip the White House Correspondents Association dinner. Compared to the years when Barack Obama was president, there will be fewer stars in the crowd of the Washington Hilton ballroom. Other events surrounding the weekend have been scaled back.
The result? There's actually more focus on the purpose of the dinner, which is to present awards and raise money for scholarships, and on the mission of the WHCA, which is to advocate for access to the president and the White House and a strong free press.
“This kind of forced reset has helped us return to what our mission always has been and really should be, which is a moment to raise awareness about the work that we are doing and to remind people of why the news matters and why all Americans benefit from the First Amendment,” says Margaret Talev, president of the White House Correspondents Association and senior White House correspondent for Bloomberg.
She also points to events that the WHCA has held at presidential libraries outside of D.C., like the Harry Truman Library in Independence, Missouri, as a way of connecting with an audience beyond the Beltway.
She recently sat down with Variety to talk about covering the White House in the Trump era, planning for this year's dinner, and what is most misunderstood about the role of the White House correspondent.
How is everyone managing what seems to be an unrelenting news cycle?
I think we have just been managing by just having to run at a sprint pace through a marathon. And I would say for some of the really large, well-staffed outlets, it is just a matter of scheduling, adding extra people to the team and everybody working longer hours and more weekends and that kind of thing. But I think for our members it has been most challenging for the smaller outlets that have one White House correspondent or maybe one Washington correspondent, who juggles the White House and Congress. Those are really the warriors from a journalism perspective because they don't really have a lot of other people to distribute the workload.
Overall, how do you think members have responded to the president's attacks on the media?
For most reporters the instinct is to say, ‘That rhetoric should not affect how we do our jobs. We do our jobs the same as we would any president.'
Do you think it has made their jobs more difficult?
In some ways I think it does. In some ways it has helped to galvanize journalists, when somebody questions the validity of your work or challenges, even rhetorically, your freedom to do the work. It makes everyone double down and say, ‘Well, we have to be more committed than ever to doing it.' On the other hand, it creates a public friction, and in some parts of American society it exacerbates an underlying distrust. That has highlighted some of the hurdles we face in regaining trust, particularly in some geographic communities across the United States among some readers.
Some reporters have reported getting threats, particularly on social media. How has the WHCA responded?
WHCA added to our committee structure a new committee this year on reporter security. That is not something we have had before. It was meant as a resource for our members if anyone did receive threats whether it was on social media, in person, phone calls or emails, that if they weren't sure how to contact the Secret Service, the FBI, local authorities, if they didn't have an in-house lawyer, if they needed help in getting private security, that we could try to help connect them to those resources. We created a voluntary in-house database so that if members pursue this kind of threats and wanted to share it with us, we could kind of keep track internally the kind of issues our members were having. We made it clear from the start it was not a replacement for reporting it to authorities.
I don't want to overstate how voluminous a problem this became. For the most part it has been just an exacerbation of really inappropriate and occasionally violent wishes on social media. That is most of what it is, but for a few members there actually have been interactions that I would say are unquestionably threats, where they need to get authorities involved. That is very worrisome and troubling.
President Trump has held only one official, full-fledged news conference, but he does a lot more impromptu availabilities.
They tend to occur in a less planned format and a more rushed format, and so they tend to be more confrontational or kind of heated.
There is a value in the more planned format, particularly when he is purposeful to call on a variety of outlets. What you are showing the American voter is a command of the issues, a consistency of narrative and a carefully shaped message. That can provide a sense of confidence and stability and depth to the message. There are an awful lot of reporters in that briefing room who are primarily policy reporters, who understand the role of politics and policy. There's a real desire to cover policy, and the longer former news conferences would help.
Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders has complained about the focus on palace intrigue, rather than the policy.
I think reporters by and large are responding to the need to balance the news of the day with the longer term story. That direction starts at the top. There is a lot of drama and unscripted moments and change in tack, and the internal dynamics of this White House, that requires coverage. It is not my favorite kind of coverage. It is not what actually got me interested in White House coverage. I am interested in foreign policy. If I could spend two thirds of every day just covering North Korea and Syria and Iran and Russia policy, I'd be really happy.
What are some of the big misconceptions of a White House correspondent?
One misconception is that the briefing is the only time that people ask questions. It is a piece and a small piece at that. There is a tremendous amount of reporting from other sources, inside and outside the White House.
[In a recent poll of news consumers] The thing that blew me away is that some readers believe that when a source is cited as an anonymous source, that the reporters don't know who they are talking to. Because we are in the business, we take for granted that everyone knows that anonymous sources mean that we know who it is but they don't want their names used publicly. But it is true — everybody doesn't know that. There are many Americans that believe that when we cite an anonymous source, speaking on condition of anonymity, that person didn't tell us who they were. I would be very wary of anything I read if the person who wrote it didn't know who they are talking to.
Every news outlet has a series of rules and guidelines about how they handle anonymous sources. For the most part it is that you want at least two sources…that the editor knows who the person is, that you have tried to pretty carefully vet, how does this person know this, what is this person's agenda for telling you this, why can't they be on the record. That is incredibly important to a news organization to understand before they quote someone anonymously what that person's agenda is and what their basic knowledge is.
What are some of the bigger challenges in covering Trump?
To cover him on Tuesday is not always the same to what he is thinking on Thursday. That presents a real challenge — do you write it as, ‘this is the stance'? Or do you write it as, ‘this was the stance this week.'
What is it like to interview him one-on-one?
I have found him to be very engaging, for him to have an instinct to make a connection to whoever he is talking to, and generally speaking for him to be cordial to the press in these one-on-one interactions. He will shake your hand, look you in the eye, and ask you if you are feeling good or feeling comfortable. You can toss any question at him, almost any question at him. If you ask a question without an edge, just out of curiosity, he will also entertain an answer. He really likes the engagement with reporters.
That is different for me than my experiences covering President Obama where his interactions with reporters were pretty measured, and much less frequent on a day-to-day basis. For Trump, you always have to have fresh batteries in your recorder. You always have to be on your game and prepared for anything and everything.
Trump is different to the press in private than he is in public.
His relationship to the press is more complicated than you see on TV.
When you have an American president say, ‘Don't believe the facts, if it is critical it is not true,' there is a segment of the public that will listen to that. They will begin to doubt themselves and their own instincts. Belief in facts and embrace of political critique and dissent, and exchange of different views, that is the core of American democracy, the core of the First Amendment. It doesn't just affect the news business, it affects individual Americans right to question their government, to hold their leaders to account, to ask questions. I worry about that being shaken or undercut.
My dad escaped from Bulgaria in the 1960s and eventually got asylum in the United States and became a citizen. Political dissent, political debate, questioning of authority — I was taught that those were some of the most patriotic things that you can do. My dad ran away from where he was from, and left his parents and his family so that he could come to a place where he could speak freely.
How did you decide on Michelle Wolf to entertain at this year's dinner?
I liked the idea of someone who is not known as a political comedian, someone who is known more as a cultural comedian. Her brand traditionally has not been American politics. Many of her jokes are about the differences between men and women, but as you might have noticed, 2017 was a pretty important year to raise awareness and questions about the standing of American women in society, and in the media as well as politics and Wall Street and entertainment. I think she is an interesting person, too. She had all of these other careers before she fell into comedy.
UNITED NATIONS, Feb 15 (APP): Gender equality and women's empowerment are among top priorities of Pakistan where women have made important strides, Ambassador Maleeha Lodhi has told the United Nations.
“Our adherence to the ideals of empowering women and protecting their rights stems from our faith, Constitution and the vision of our founding father,” the Pakistani envoy said in a speech to UN-Women, the world body's entity working for empowerment of women, which opened its first session in 2017 on Tuesday.
As a leading troop contributing country, she said, Pakistan fully
recognized the critical role of women in international peace and security. “Our women peacekeepers have served as police officers, doctors and nurses in missions in Asia, Africa and the Balkans.”
Pakistan had also earned the distinction of electing the first female
prime minister in the Muslim world — not once but twice, and its outstanding women professionals had served as speaker of the National Assembly, as foreign minister and governor of the Central Bank. “Only yesterday, my government appointed the country's first-ever female Foreign Secretary.”
In her remarks, Ambassador Lodhi also cited the progress made by women around the world, saying they have a pivotal role to play in achieving sustainable development. Achieving gender equality and empowerment of women and girls, she pointed out, was at the heart of the new development agenda.
UN-Women, she said has the potential to catalyse change by utilizing
its composite nature and mandates in a fully integrated fashion.
Ambassador Lodhi called for unwavering political support and ownership
in order to accomplish the new development paradigm that poses many implementation and leadership challenges.
“Women across the world, from Columbia to Uganda to Burundi to Tunisia, have emerged as leaders and consensus builders, inspiring hopes of peace and prosperity amidst conflict and violence”, the Pakistani envoy said. Over the years, she said women had demonstrated the requisite skills, capacities for mediation and peace building and displayed a remarkable ability to lead various international initiatives.
Such skills and abilities make them particularly suited as special
envoys, special representatives and resident coordinators, she said, adding that the current share of women in leadership roles at the UN remained abysmally low. “We are encouraged to see Secretary-General Antonio Guterres focus on addressing this.”
Last night, The Recording Academy revealed that nominations for the 60th Annual Grammy Awards would be announced on November 28th. In addition, the organization established a series of new amendments to the voting process, including the introduction of online voting, the recognition of songwriters in the Album of the Year category, and new review committees for the rap, contemporary instrumental, and New Age fields.
In an interview with Variety, Recording Academy SVP Bill Freimuth broke down the rule changes in more detail. First, he addressed online voting, explaining that not only will it provide greater flexibility for touring artists and thus increase participation for all voters, it should prevent incorrectly filled out ballots, and allow for more informed voting.
“Paper ballots would often be filled out incorrectly — people would vote in categories they weren't [authorized to vote in] and things like that — and this way the software will not let them submit incorrectly,” he stated. “Finally, on the same site, voters will be able to listen to or watch all of the nominated recordings or videos, or look at the nominees for package design.”
The change allowing songwriters to be recognized in the Album of the Year category — provided they are credited with at least 33 percent or more playing time on the winning album — was in response to a proposal from “very highly regarded” songwriters. “We formed a subcommittee, which met throughout the year and heard from more people, and it became obvious that it was something we should do,” Freimuth explained.
Perhaps the most crucial amendment is the creation of new review committees, particularly in the rap field. The committees are dedicated groups designed to eliminate popularity bias that disadvantages emerging artists, independent music, and late-year releases. “For Rap, and the other categories to a degree, a lot of their argument was kind of similar — it was going more to big-name folks and felt like more of a popularity contest,” stated Freimuth. “That's not to say that someone who's very famous can't put out a fantastic track or album, but maybe some younger up-and-coming folks deserve that spotlight.”
Last year, The Academy amended its eligibility rules to include streaming-only releases, giving Chance the Rapper the opportunity to win the Best Rap Album award for Coloring Book. The Grammy Awards return to Madison Square Garden on January 28th, 2018, with James Corden serving as master of ceremonies.
Any player that makes the leap from juniors to the pros knows how difficult a task that is. For Islanders' forward Mathew Barzal, he's ready to prove he belongs not only in their lineup, but in their top-six.
Barzal and the Islanders open the season at Nationwide Arena Friday against the Columbus Blue Jackets. He skated as their second-line center this week in practice between Andrew Ladd and Josh Bailey. Not only will he see top-six minutes, he'll see time on the power play on the second unit. That's a lot of responsibility for a 20-year old playing in just his third-career NHL game.
Despite the lack of experience, Barzal and the team are confident in what they're capable of. Head coach Doug Weight addressed Barzal starting on the top-six this morning in his press conference. Of note, Weight said that Barzal is a confident and smart player who can make an impact while playing a 200-foot game. Speaking of impact, watch what he does to the New Jersey Devils in the preseason. This was on a power play.
Barzal Confident in Himself
The Islanders have needed a second center behind John Tavares for a while now. Barzal has the upside of a top-line player with high-end offensive skill. Although he's making the jump from WHL Seattle to the NHL, he says he's ready for the challenge. Not only is he ready for the challenge, he's ready to shine. I asked Barzal what the extra year in Seattle did for his development and how it helped him to get ready for tonight.
“We went on that good playoff run last year,” Barzal said. “(It was) kind of that grind of playing two games every 3-4 nights. It was a grind. Every game meant so much. Being able to play games with that kind of desperation will help me tonight and moving forward.”
Barzal's junior team Seattle won the WHL and advanced to the Memorial Cup. As the captain of the Thunderbirds, Barzal lead his team in scoring with a combined 104 points in just 57 games between the regular season and playoffs. His playoff performance of 7-18-25 in 16 games helped him win the MVP of the WHL playoffs. He also was an alternate captain for Team Canada at the World Junior Championships. He scored eight points in seven games helping Canada win a silver medal.
Barzal is ready for this moment. The Islanders fell just short of the playoffs in 2016-17. Barzal's emergence coupled with Jordan Eberle's arrival gives the Islanders a new look on offense. Can this translate to wins? Is it enough to push them over the top?
The team is quietly confident despite many overlooking them in the Metropolitan division. Don't overlook these Islanders. The playoffs are well within the realm of possibility for this team.
As far as sporting weekends go, this one is pretty awesome with the opening weekend of the Six Nations and the conclusion of the Waste Management Phoenix Open – the ‘Greatest Show on Grass'.
Thousands of fans will have their eyes glued to both sports – but have you ever thought about what it'd be like to combine the two? Well, actually you can.
Rugbygolf was launched in France in early 2016 and made its way over to the UK later in the year, resulting in the formation of the UK Rugbygolf Association.
The aim of the game in this hybrid sport is to find the ‘goal', which features a flagstick in the middle, in the least combination of kicks – or throws – possible using a rugby ball.
Here's a rundown of some of the basic rules:
While still very much in its infancy in the UK, Rugbygolf has attracted a fair bit of interest in a similar way that Footgolf has and president of the UK Rugbygolf Association, Jon Osborne, says the sport has huge potential.
"Interest in Rugbygolf has been big and I think it's appealing to clubs in that, unlike Footgolf, you don't have to dig a massive hole," he explained. "All of the equipment can be brought onto the golf course and then removed as easy as that.
"I believe it can really take off in the UK and it's already becoming popular in Australia, New Zealand and South Africa. There's even interest in the USA, where rugby is starting to grow as a sport."
WATCH - Man Utd stars try their hand at Footgolf
Back in the UK, Casterton Golf Course in Cumbria is one many facilities that has introduced Rugbygolf – it did so as recently as July 2017 – and golf course manager Ruth Kendal says it's helped attract a new demographic to the course.
“We've had Footgolf in place since 2014 and, with a lot of rugby players in our area, we thought it would be good to introduce this,” she explained.
“We spoke to UK Rugbygolf, the governing body, and a couple of clubs in the UK that have it in place and, after getting their feedback, we decided to get onboard in July last year.
“So far, signs have been encouraging, although we haven't really marketed it properly yet. We've been able to bring different people to the golf course, such as stag dos, hen dos and other parties, some of whom have come back since to use our facilities such as the driving range.
"We think it's helped break down a barrier that a golf club can be a scary, perhaps intimidating, place for people to come to and hopefully we can see an increase in Rugbygolf's popularity in the months and years to come."
NEW YORK (Reuters) - GGP Inc (GGP.N), one of the largest owners and operators of U.S. shopping centers, has rejected a $14.8 billion buyout offer from its biggest shareholder, Brookfield Property Partners LP (BPY.O), people familiar with the matter said on Sunday.
Brookfield Property made a $23-per-share cash and stock offer last month for the 66 percent of GGP it does not already own. A combination of Chicago-based GGP and Brookfield Property would create one of the world's largest publicly traded property companies.
Brookfield Property is considering a new offer for GGP after a special committee of GGP's board directors turned down its Nov. 11 offer as inadequate, and negotiations between the two companies are expected to continue, the sources said.
The companies do not plan to make a new announcement unless their negotiations lead to a deal or end unsuccessfully, the sources added, asking not to be identified because the discussions are confidential.
GGP and Brookfield Property did not immediately respond to requests for comment.
Brookfield Property's efforts to buy GGP have come as mall owners across the United States are struggling as a result of many retailers losing out to e-commerce firms such as Amazon.com Inc (AMZN.O).
GGP shares ended trading at $23.43 on Friday, giving it a market capitalization of $22.2 billion. Its shares have underperformed the wider stock market this year because of the company's exposure to troubled retailers such as Sears Holdings Corp (SHLD.O).
Brookfield Property Partners shares ended trading on Friday at $21.61, giving it a market capitalization of $15.2 billion.
Brookfield Property, an owner and operator of office and retail properties, said last month the deal would allow it to grow, transform or reposition GGP's shopping centers.
The acquisition would create a company with an ownership interest in almost $100 billion real estate assets globally and annual net operating income of about $5 billion, according to Brookfield Property.
It is not the first time Brookfield Property's attempt to buy out a real estate investment trust in which it already owns a big stake has been rejected. Last year, Rouse Properties Inc, another U.S. mall owner, rejected an offer by Brookfield Property, its largest shareholder, only to subsequently agree to a sweetened $2.8 billion offer.
Other GGP peers are also coming under pressure. Rival mall owner Macerich Co (MAC.N) currently is under pressure from activist hedge fund Third Point Management to explore options including a sale.
(The story was refiled to fix Brookfield Property Partners RIC in the first paragraph)
Source: ZAS bans poultry at this year's Agric Show | The Herald August 14, 2017
Abigail Mawonde Herald Correspondent
The Zimbabwe Agricultural Society (ZAS) has banned showcasing of poultry at this year's agricultural show to contain the spread of the highly pathogenic Avian influenza that is under obser- vation.
Zimbabwe experienced an outbreak of Aviam flu in May but the situation has since stabilised following the complete depopulation of affected poultry sites in June.
There were some reports last week that there was another outbreak at Lanark Farm in Beatrice and the Department of Livestock and Veterinry Services was working on preventing the infection from spreading.
In an interview with The Herald, ZAS Livestock Section chairperson Mr Chrispen Kadiramwando confirmed the ban.
“It is true we have banned the showcasing of chicken poultry in response to the outbreak of Avian influenza,” he said. “We felt that it is better we cut the movement of chicken to and from the Showgrounds under the prevailing circumstances.
“We have also engaged our principal director in the Department of Livestock and Veterinary Services Dr Ushewokunze-Obatolu and she has supported the move saying it would help prevent the spread of the infection.”
Mr Kadiramwando said the ban had negatively affected them and the farmers as well.
“The ban has affected this year's agricultural show in that in the poultry section that is where we normally have most of our rural farmers coming in their numbers to showcase their products as compared to the number of farmers who bring cattle to the show,” he said.
“The farmers normally get free entry to the show once they have won in the various areas they come from and they were quite excited about it and so by this cancellation they have lost the opportunity, hence it will affect them.
“As ZAS, we also enjoy having them coming to showcase their various breeds of poultry such as the Australorp, Boschveld and Brahma, but unfortunately we will not be having that this time.”
Members of the Washington Capitals celebrate after they defeated the Vegas Golden Knights 3-2 in Game 2 of the NHL hockey Stanley Cup Finals on Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Las Vegas. John Locher AP Photo
Network newscasts hastily made plans to originate from Washington, D.C. on Wednesday in response to the shooting of House Majority Whip Steve Scalise during a baseball practice in Alexandria, Va.
Scott Pelley will anchor the “CBS Evening News” from Washington tonight and the program will expand to an hour to accommodate coverage of the shooting that left five people wounded and sent Scalise to the hospital for surgery after being shot in the hip. He was in critical condition but the wound was not life-threatening, officials said.
The gunman, identified in published reports as James T. Hodgkinson III, 66, of Illinois, died after a shootout with police that left two officers wounded.
ABC News' “World News Tonight” will also originate from D.C. tonight with David Muir anchoring. There was no word yet from NBC News about plans for “Nightly News.”
The shooting took place as Scalise and other lawmakers were practicing for a charity baseball game between Republican and Democratic lawmakers set for Thursday evening at Nationals Park in Washington, D.C. Organizers said the hope was the game would proceed as scheduled despite the shock of the shooting. CBS News said its CBSN streaming service planned to carry the game live.
The Congressional Baseball Game has been held since 1909 to raise money for various local charities, including the Boys and Girls Club of Greater Washington, the Washington Literacy Center and the Washington Nationals Dream Foundation.
The shooting of Scalise, a Republican from Louisiana, is the latest disturbing example of the extremely polarized political and cultural environment since Donald Trump won the White House. Early reports indicated that the shooter had published angry anti-Trump rhetoric on his Facebook page.
There's no denying that Rob Kardashian and Blac Chyna had some difficult moments in 2016, but Blac Chyna is ready to move on and is hoping to leave some of the drama in the past. At least, that's what one unnamed source for Hollywood Life is saying. According to the report, Chyna resolved to cut her husband-to-be some slack in 2017. “She knows how sensitive Rob is and how much power her words have with him, and while she wants him to be lost weight and get his act together this year, she's told him she's going to be much easier on him.” Rob Kardashian began 2016 with a bang when it was revealed via social media that the 29-year-old sock designer had hooked up with a Kardashian-family nemesis in Blac Chyna. Initially, the pair appeared to be in perfect love and living on cloud nine. Within months, a wedding an pregnancy had been announced. For a time, Blac Chyna seemed to be the motivation Rob needed to get healthy and happy again. In recent years, Kardashian has struggled with health and depression issues, but Blac seemed to be helping Rob improve both his health and his outlook on life. Together, the pair helped Rob to drop a lot of weight, and the former recluse began to get back out there. He started posting to social media again, and eventually Rob even agreed to a reality TV show with his fiancée. Rob & Chyna would mark the first time that Rob had appeared on TV since his Keeping Up With the Kardashians days. Rob Kardashian & Blac Chyna Have Romantic New Year's Eve After Health Scare and Relationship Drama https://t.co/zW41XIS2YA — E! News (@enews) January 1, 2017 But the year wasn't without drama. It didn't take long for rumors to fly that Blac had cheated on Rob, and some even questioned whether Rob was the father of the baby Chyna was carrying. Chyna had a paternity test conducted to prove that Kardashian was, in fact, the father of Blac's baby. But still, rumors persisted, fueled by photos of Blac kissing rapper Pilot Jones. The cheating scandal blew over when Chyna revealed via Instagram that Jones is gay. She said the photos were taken to make one of Jones' exes jealous. Not long after, Blac Chyna gave birth to Rob's baby girl, Dream Kardashian. The couple filmed parts of the baby's arrival for a special episode of their Rob & Chyna reality show. Later, Rob and Chyna found themselves in headlines of all the celebrity gossip websites when Rob revealed via social media that Chyna had packed up Dream's nursery and taken the baby. Some questioned the timing of Rob's revelation, given that the special about Dream's birth was set to air shortly after the posts. However, subsequent reports indicated that the drama between Rob and Chyna was very real, as Chyna was said to have physically attacked Rob prior to leaving. #PressPlay: #BlacChyna and #RobKardashian bring in the New Year together #Chyro pic.twitter.com/uYIKlWbM7w — TheShadeRoom (@TheShadeRoom) January 1, 2017 Whatever the case may have been, it's in the past, as Rob and Chyna are looking toward 2017 with optimism. The couple shared a New Year's Eve video looking cozy on Snapchat, and the Hollywood Life source is reporting that the couple is behaving like they're in a new relationship. “They're telling each other how much they're in love. It's like they're newlyweds who never experienced any drama.” What do you think of the resolution made by Rob Kardashian and Blac Chyna? Do you think the pair will make it through 2017 without any major public drama? Why or why not? [Featured Image by Greg Doherty/Getty Images]
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Raza Naqvi
Attock
Federal Minister for Parliamentary Affairs Sheikh Aftab Ahmad has said that this Govt is committed to provide basic facilites including better edu action to the people and for the purpose a billion of rupees are being spent. He said this while chairing a meeting of District Development Committee in Attock. On the occassion Deputy Commissioner Attock Rana Akbar Hayat and other officers were also present.
The Federal Minister said that in Attock a medical college will soon be established for which 1500 kanal land is being procured while establishment of Cancer Hospital is also on the cards. He said, in Attock district different schemes of metaling of roads , water supplies , drainage are being completed which will benefit a large population. He emphasised upon the officers to ensure timely completion of the development schemes with out compromising on quality of the work.
Earlier Deputy Director Development Jamal Tariq Chaudhry apprised the Federal Minister that at the under 44 schemes of buildings department at the cost of Rs 1282.798 million , 38 schemes of construction of roads at the cost of Rs 6348.630 million , 30 schemes of public health engineering at the cost of Rs 1772.416 million are under completion. Meanwhile Federal Minister for Parliamentary Affairs Sheikh Aftab Ahmad had a meeting with Chairman Municipal Committee Hazro Saeed Araaen , Vice Chairman Abdul Munaf , Councillor Sheraz Khan and discussed different issues regarding development of the area.
Aug 11, 2017; Charlotte, NC, USA; Kevin Kisner tees off on the third hole during the second round of the 2017 PGA Championship at Quail Hollow Club. Mandatory Credit: Kyle Terada-USA TODAY Sports
CHARLOTTE, North Carolina (Reuters) - Kevin Kisner transformed his game three years ago and turned himself from a battler into one of the world's best golfers.
He has risen to 25th in the world rankings without much fanfare, but his relative anonymity will change if he continues to blow away the field at the PGA Championship, having taken the second-round clubhouse lead at eight-under 134 on Friday.
Kisner realised in his first two years on tour that he was not good enough to compete with the world's best, so he went back to the drawing board with coach John Tillery and focused on improving his long game.
“I was never a great ball striker. I came out here and saw how well other guys hit it and I was like, ‘I've got no chance the way I'm hitting it',” said the 33-year-old from nearby South Carolina after his second successive 67 at Quail Hollow.
“I knew if I ever got confident in my ball-striking I could win, because I'm competitive and pretty good around the greens. Once I started seeing results with the long game, then I had a great year in (2015).”
Kisner now has two PGA Tour victories under his belt, and four other playoff losses, but he entered the PGA Championship without a great record in his 11 previous major starts.
“I've been upset with how I've played in the majors so far... but every year you learn more about how to approach them... They are not much fun unless everything is working out for you.”
SOUTHERN BOY
Kisner fits the stereotypical image of what the Americans call a 'good 'ol southern boy', enjoying hunting and fishing with his buddies when he's back home -- and not talking about golf.
“I love my core group of friends at home that they don't ask me why I made a bogey on the last hole that cost me 20 grand or anything like that. They don't pester me about golf and we just hang out and have a couple of beers on the back porch.”
Kisner, whose brother-in-law is a founding member of Quail Hollow, still lives in the unglamorous town where he was born, Aiken, South Carolina, just across the border from Augusta, Georgia.
“When I was playing mini-tours and was broke, that's the only place I could afford to buy a house and I went back there,” he said, adding he had no plans to move. “I love it.”
As he sleeps on Friday night pondering his lofty position, Kisner knows the job is far from done.
“The next step is competing and winning major championships. I think a big step is just understanding that no lead is safe.”
PanARMENIAN.Net - The situation on the contact line between Nagorno Karabakh (Artsakh) and Azerbaijan was relatively calm in the period between January 28 and February 3.
About 150 ceasefire violations - more than 1500 shots - by Azerbaijani armed forces were registered in the reporting period.
The Karabakh troops refrained from retaliating and took necessary steps continue protecting the Armenian positions.
State Sen. Bill Dodd (D-Napa) joined other members of the Delta Caucus in releasing a statement about the hazardous situation at the Oroville Dam after Bay Area News Group reported that previous concerns about its infrastructure safety were ignored.
“We are concerned that a clear alarm raised 12 years ago about the state of the Oroville Dam's emergency spillway was discounted,” the statement says. “There has been more than enough time since then for upgrades and maintenance to the structure. Instead, nearly 185,000 people have been displaced, and there are still people in harm's way.
“A catastrophic failure at Oroville would result in uncontrolled releases that do considerably more harm to the surrounding communities, and threaten those further downstream, including levee-protected communities in the Sacramento-San Joaquin Delta,” it continues. “For now, we have a collective responsibility to ensure that people are safe and that necessary steps are taken to prevent further compromise of the entire Oroville facility. When the immediate threats have subsided, we need to clearly assess this disaster and its causes. We have a duty to ensure California's existing infrastructure is maintained and upgraded, and not sacrificed in favor of conveyance projects.”
Dodd is co-chair of the caucus, which includes a bipartisan group of legislators whose districts include portions of the Sacramento–San Joaquin River Delta.
On Monday, FEMA selected Travis Air Force Base to locate an Instant Support Base in support of the Lake Oroville Dam emergency, according to Solano Economic Development Corporation President Sandy Person.
The Department of Water Resources advised as of 6 p.m. Monday, that the primary spillway continues to flow at 100,000 cubic feet per second and lake levels have dropped to 894 feet.
“After evaluating the erosion on the emergency spillway, a plan was put in place to prevent further erosion,” officials there said. “Utilizing trucks and helicopters, crews moved large rocks and gravel to fill erosion on the emergency spillway.”
Department staff continues to inspect and evaluate the emergency and primary spillways for further erosion, they said.
Total discharges from the reservoir remain consistent with flood control releases at this time of year under these weather conditions, they said, adding the department does not expect the discharge from the reservoir to exceed the capacity of any channel downstream.
Advertisement
There is no water flowing over the emergency spillway.
Department officials continue to regulate outflow in an effort to reduce water levels in the reservoir, support construction activities and protect the Hyatt Power Plant. Reservoir levels continue decreasing and at current rates, is projected to possess the capacity to absorb anticipated inflows due to forecasted inclement weather.
A Temporary Flight Restriction — including recreational drones — has been enacted for the area of the Oroville Dam as crews conduct continual surveys.
Contact Rachel Raskin-Zrihen at (707) 553-6824.
BANGALORE (Reuters) February 02, 2018 The following are daily sugar prices supplied by Indian based Mumbai Sugar Merchants Association Ltd. The prices are expressed in Indian Rupees per 100 Kilograms.
PRODUCT CURRENT PREVIOUS
SMALL 30 3012/3106 3010/3106
MEDIUM 30 3122/3300 3112/3300
CRESTVIEW, Fla. — A Florida man arrested for destroying a liquor store under construction told police he was Alice in Wonderland and that a “hookah-smoking caterpillar” ordered him to attack the site.
Crestview police said in a post on Facebook that Matthew Horace Jones is accused of breaking into a fenced-in area and using a forklift to cause more than US$100,000 in damage. He faces grand theft felony and other charges.
Witnesses called 911 and police went to the site. The police report says Jones aimed the forklift toward officers, who stopped him at gunpoint.
Police quoted Jones as identifying himself as Alice in Wonderland, blaming the attack on “a hookah-smoking caterpillar” and saying that he had a problem with “building a place to sell alcohol.”
No lawyer is listed for him.
I love to do this thing with ranch dressing where I eat it with a few lettuce leaves underneath and call it "salad." Ranch is not just a dressing. It's a state of mind. Hidden Valley knows this. They know us. They knew dunking our veggies and pizza in it wasn't enough. They knew drinking it through a straw wasn't enough. They knew serving it in a bucket and sticking our heads in it simply wouldn't suffice. Heck, even the Hidden Valley ranch keg didn't cut it. Thus, they went and did the unthinkable: they made Hidden Valley Ranch popcorn and chips. (Bustle has reached out to Hidden Valley about the new offerings, and will update this post upon response.)
It was Instagram user JunkFoodMom who initially posted and brought it to the internet's attention, and now I'm sitting here sobbing hysterically overcome with joy whilst reading her post. She was at the Sweets and Snacks Expo in Chicago the weekend of May 22 when she happened upon said potato chips and popcorn. She writes, "I only got to sample a few morsels and they are great. The chips had more of a sour cream and onion flavor but the popcorn really had the HVR taste and was my favorite." Ah, yes. The popcorn. I can already see myself shoveling handfuls of it in my mouth while marathoning Game of Thrones and downing moscato. Hey, Hidden Valley? You've done me proud.
BTW, those sample cups are really adorable. I would need about 80 of those to satisfy my cravings.
Now, let's get down to the details that really matter. When and where can I find these? The sooner, the better, because I'm really looking forward to losing myself in the bottom of the bag. Unfortunately for me (and undoubtedly countless others), that part still remains a mystery. JunkFoodMom continues, "I'm sorry I'm not able to provide you with any information as to when and where these will be sold. For now let's just sing songs of joy and happiness that these exist."
You're sorry? You're sorry?? "Sorry" doesn't put the delicious ranch-flavored potato chips and popcorn in my mouth, does it? (Real talk, though: hopefully there's a release date for this soon!)
This takes our ranch obsession to new heights, although it was already pretty high up there. Some of us are even buying ranch-flavored mints. Yes, these are a real thing. As amazing as it is, ranch leaves you with disgusting breath. You normally pop a mint to get rid of it. But no. Some people are popping a mint to make their breath more ranchy.
Hey, I don't get it, but mad respect for your dedication to ranch.
Ranch Flavored Mints, Amazon
To be fair, ranch chips already exist. However, they don't have the Hidden Valley stamp of approval. Pringles was one brand that took the leap, and they actually have a number of ranch varieties, including buffalo ranch, regular ranch, and zesty ranch. Not sure how ranch and zesty ranch are different or what makes the zesty ranch so zesty.
Obvi, Doritos has their cool ranch flavor, and they are indeed irresistible. I know this from personal experience, and the countless times I've felt my fingernails scrape the bottom of the bag.
However, nothing will compare to ranch chips and popcorn from the Hidden Valley. The one and only. The real deal. Other ranch chips better sleep with one eye open. There's a new HCIC.
You're not just imagining a huge spike in ranch's popularity. Even the numbers prove our love has grown. In 2014, The NPD Group found ranch dressing was the number one dressing shipped around the country to food service outlets. Its closest competitor was blue cheese, but its sales doubled that. While the rest of the dressing category had relatively plateaued, ranch was out of control. In fact, it might be more popular than ketchup. Ketchup! They even called it the Swiss Army knife of salad dressings. Bah!
If your love of ranch dressing is undying, if you've got the entire Hidden Valley clothing line, if the Hidden Valley ugly Christmas sweater is hanging in your closet and ready for the holidays, keep your eyes peeled for the new Hidden Valley potato chips and popcorn, hopefully coming soon to a grocery store near you. And if you arrive to find out they're out of stock, that's because I bought them all. NOT SORRY.
MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - The leading candidate for Mexico's presidential election, Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador, reiterated on Thursday his pledge to review oil contracts if elected, a day after the most successful auction since a landmark energy opening was finalized in 2014.
Royal Dutch Shell Plc snapped up nine of 19 Gulf of Mexico oil and gas blocks awarded in the auction on Wednesday, as Mexico offered foreign energy firms the right to drill beneath prized deep waters that may contain billions of barrels of oil.
“We're going to review the contracts,” said Lopez Obrador, who is leading opinion polls five months before the July vote.
Mexican officials estimated the auction could bring $93 billion in investment to the country as oil firms develop the areas they won.
Slideshow (3 Images)
The stakes were high for Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto and his struggling party, which wants to showcase the results of its energy liberalization ahead of the presidential election.
Lopez Obrador said that Wednesday's auction “is just a show, pure demagoguery.”
Along with other officials of his leftist MORENA party, Lopez Obrador has in the past called for a public referendum on the liberalization as well as the need to review signed contracts.
“The contracts that were signed are, more than anything else, for financial speculation, not for production, not to extract oil, not to develop the oil industry.”
Leeds United head coach Paul Heckingbottom is targeting the summer signing of Barnsley defender Andy Yiadom.
Heckingbottom will look to raid his former club by taking Yiadom on a free transfer when the 26-year-old's contract at Oakwell expires in June.
Paul Heckingbottom.
Yiadom is nearing the end of the two-year deal he signed when Heckingbottom took him to Barnsley from Barnet in 2016 and has not agreed an extension.
The Ghanaian full-back has been in the thick of Barnsley's fight against relegation this season but he is highly rated by Heckingbottom and is being targeted by Leeds as part of their plans for the forthcoming transfer window.
United's attention is turning rapidly towards recruitment with a disappointing season eight games from its conclusion and the club lying 14th in the Championship. Director of football Victor Orta – much criticised over the signings made by Leeds last summer – remains at the centre of their scouting network but the interest in Yiadom has been driven by Heckingbottom, who managed the defender for 18 months at Barnsley.
Yiadom has played 59 times for Barnsley on the back of four years with Barnet and he came close to joining Premier League sides Huddersfield Town and Swansea City in August. A proposed move to Huddersfield fell through despite Yiadom undergoing a medical and Swansea were unable to to force through a transfer before FIFA's deadline. Yiadom, however, is set to depart Oakwell before the start of next season.
Speaking last week, Yiadom said: “At the moment I'm concentrating on staying up and keeping Barnsley up. That is the main thing at the moment. That is all the matters.”
Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray. Photo: HT
Mumbai: The Shiv Sena has decided to stick with the National Democratic Alliance (NDA) for now, ahead of an approaching no-confidence motion against the coalition government at the centre.
The no-trust motion moved by Andhra Pradesh's opposition YSR Congress Party (YSRCP) has forced the state's ruling Telugu Desam Party (TDP) to quit NDA and back it, besides eliciting support from a wide spectrum of opposition parties.
Senior Shiv Sena leader and MP Sanjay Raut on Saturday described the no-confidence motion as an “immature step” and added that the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP)-led NDA had “enough numbers to complete its full term of five years in office”.
Raut, however, urged the BJP to introspect why allies were leaving the NDA and predicted that the BJP's Lok Sabha strength will come down by 100-110 seats in the next general elections.
“The bypoll results in Uttar Pradesh have presented a new arithmetic. Two extreme enemies decided to come together against the BJP to avoid division of votes. This is a warning to the BJP that if some political parties come together against it, the results could be way different to what they were in 2014,” Raut told reporters.
The Sena leader distanced his party from any effort to cobble together an anti-BJP coalition, and from working under the leadership of the Congress party. “Shiv Sena has never worked under the leadership of Congress party. Yet, a strong opposition party is in the interest of the survival of democracy in the country,” he added.
The clarification by the Shiv Sena, the oldest ally of the BJP, comes in the wake of a series of developments that indicate a realignment of forces against the BJP. A day before the BJP's defeat in the bypolls to Gorakhpur and Phulpur Lok Sabha seats in Uttar Pradesh, former Congress president Sonia Gandhi met leaders of a host of anti-BJP parties for dinner. Speaking at the India Today Conclave in Delhi, Gandhi said the Congress won't allow the BJP to return to power in 2019.
Later, the TDP pulled out of the NDA and announced it will support YSRCP's no-confidence motion. In another development, at least two political parties—the Trinamool Congress (TMC) and the Telangana Rashtra Samithi (TRS)—spoke to each other about forming a non-Congress, non-BJP third front. Post the UP bypolls, the Samajwadi Party and Bahujan Samaj Party, which worked together against the BJP, indicated they intended to continue their alliance.
Last week, Congress president Rahul Gandhi also called on Nationalist Congress Party chief Sharad Pawar in Delhi. The latest indication of an anti-BJP coalition emerging under the leadership of the Congress came at the party's 84th plenary session, where it adopted a political resolution calling for “a pragmatic approach for cooperation with all like-minded parties” and “a common workable programme” against the BJP in the next elections.
Though the Shiv Sena has rarely spared an opportunity to criticize the Modi government, its decision to stay within the NDA is based on short-term and long-term assessments of the political situation, both Sena and BJP functionaries said.
“There are several factors which still favour the BJP and (Narendra) Modi. Two bypoll results cannot be considered a referendum on Modi if we carry out a deeper assessment of polling and results. Except TDP, the parties that are going against the BJP now have never technically been with Modi. Among these parties too, there have been any number of efforts in the past to form a third front or some sort of coalition against BJP. Nothing has worked out so far, which means there are serious speed-breakers. There is no short-term need for us to join these efforts,” said a senior Sena leader who did not wish to be named.
In the long term, he added, the Sena would base its strategy on the political climate that exists closer to the 2019 elections. “For the record, we have declared that we will fight the next elections on our own. In reality, many factors would determine what we do in 2019,” he said.
A senior Maharashtra BJP leader said the BJP-Sena bond over “ideological issues like nationalism, Hindutva, and pseudo-secularism” was stronger than is generally conceded. “We don't yet know about the issues that will come into play in the next elections. If Hindutva and nationalism are issues, will the Sena contest against BJP and divide the Hindu vote? I doubt it,” the leader added, requesting anonymity.
The rendering of the Raybestos 1953 Chevrolet pickup truck has been unveiled and is available for viewing at raybestosbuild.com. Raybestos has partnered with the legendary Jeff Schwartz and his team at Schwartz Performance to restore this iconic vehicle to its original grandeur.
“We have received so many questions about our newest build project so we are thrilled to share a glimpse of how the Raybestos '53 Chevy pickup will look when it is complete,” said Kristin Grons, marketing manager, Brake Parts Inc. “This is the third time Raybestos and Schwartz Performance have teamed up to create a one-of-a-kind classic. Based on the quality parts and expert workmanship that went into the other vehicles, we know the Raybestos ‘53 Chevy pickup will be a true masterpiece.”
Painted in an elegant metallic red, the fully restored 1953 Chevy truck features an off-the-shelf performance disc brake upgrade package using Raybestos components and Raybestos Truck & Medium Duty specialty disc brake pads. In addition, Schwartz Performance has installed its famous bolt-in “G-Machine” chassis and industry-leading suppliers are providing top-quality parts and equipment for the build.
To follow the progress of the Raybestos '53 Chevy pickup, including photos and videos of the restoration showcasing top-quality performance components from respected build partners, follow Raybestos on its Facebook and Twitter social media platforms or visit raybestosbuild.com.
The NHL has its first Aussie.
Washington Capitals forward Nathan Walker is scheduled to make his NHL debut against the Montreal Canadiens on Saturday, becoming the first Australian national to play in the NHL.
The 23-year-old Walker, born in Sydney, became the first-Australian to be drafted when Washington selected him in the 3rd round, 89th overall, in 2014.
"I don't want to be known just as being the Aussie," Walker told ESPN.com during Capitals training camp.
"But I do realize that it is a big deal for Australian hockey."
Walker, a 5-foot-9, 186-pound left wing, was first drawn to hockey by watching "The Mighty Ducks." He began playing hockey in Australia but moved to the Czech Republic for junior hockey.
Walker has represented Australia in several international competitions, including the 2011 IIHF World Championship Division II tournament and the 2012 World Championship Division 1 Group B tournament.
In 202 career games with the Capitals' AHL affiliate, the Hershey Bears, Walker has tallied 34 goals and 45 assists.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Air T Inc:
* AIR T INC - ON JAN 31, 2018, SUBSIDIARIES OF CO EXECUTED A LOAN AGREEMENT WITH OLD NATIONAL BANK -SEC FILING
* AIR T INC - ‍LOAN AGREEMENT PROVIDES FOR BORROWINGS BY UNITS IN AGGREGATE AMOUNT EQUAL TO $9.9 MILLION WITH MATURITY DATE OF JAN 26, 2021​ Source text : ( bit.ly/2s2FNB4 ) Further company coverage:
A former Labour Mayor of Peterborough said he was still considering whether to stand for the Conservatives in May's city council elections.
Mohammed Choudhary, who was jailed for electoral fraud a decade ago, told the Peterborough Telegraph in December he had been selected by the party to stand in Central ward. At the time, council leader Cllr John Holdich said Mr Choudhary “has an awful lot to offer.”
However, last Friday a Conservative Party spokesman contacted the PT to say no candidate would be officially chosen before March.
And yesterday local party chairman Cllr John Peach told the PT that Mr Choudhary withdrew his interest a few weeks ago and that candidates are not confirmed until the end of March.
He said: “He sent us a note saying he did not wish to be considered. John Holdich is not the Peterborough association so does not have any responsibility for candidates.”
After speaking to Cllr Peach, the PT contacted Mr Choudhary who said: “I've been thinking about it and I'm still considering whether to stand.”
At last week's Full Council meeting six Conservative councillors supported a motion which calls on the council to lobby for a change in the law so people convicted of electoral fraud would be banned for life from standing for public office. Nine Tories abstained and 13 voted against the motion, which ended up passing.
On Saturday, March 10th, the Temple of Fine Arts presented the 3rd session of its Kaleidoscope series. This series, the brainchild of their Head...
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Google
U-Haul Moving & Storage of Eastpoint will move to the site of the former Kmart department store at North Point Mall in Baltimore following a renovation process, U-Haul officials said Monday. The company is working out of temporary location at 222 N. Point Blvd. and will relocate once renovations are completed. U-Haul acquired the 95,810-square-foot building ...
ISLAMABAD, Jan 2 (APP): Federal Minister for Planning, Development and Reform Ahsan Iqbal Monday highlighted significance of health issues such as non communicable diseases and how they could be prevented by promoting healthy lifestyle.
The minister was addressing a round table conference (RTC) on ‘Prevention of Non Communicable Diseases by promoting a healthy lifestyle' here.
The RTC aims to address the challenge of non communicable diseases which include improving our health care system and increasing awareness about the diseases and healthy lifestyle, implementation of provision of Vision 2025 and 11th National Five Year Plan (2013-2018).
Other stakeholders including officials of health sector and media were also present.
Ahsan Iqbal said improving health care system was primarily responsibility of government and it required time and allocation of money and government was taking initiatives to address this issue.
Recently, Prime Minister Health Insurance Programme is one such major step in this direction.
The minister said health issues were not being discussed in media and political discourse however he appreciated the senior journalist Javed Chaudhary for highlighting health issues in his recent column.
He said health was the most important factor in individual's life.
“Economics, politics and other things are all dependent on good health of individuals and of a nation but unfortunately, historically health has been neglected in Pakistan”, the minister said.
Ahsan Iqbal said all age groups and all regions were affected by non communicable diseases.
These diseases were driven by forces that included lack of knowledge, rapid unplanned urbanization, and globalization of unhealthy lifestyles.
He maintained it was the responsibility of government and other stakeholders like media, schools, physicians and communities to create awareness about the diseases and healthy lifestyle and how they could be prevented.
He said there was a need to increase awareness about non communicable diseases which was not costly due to social media these days.
The minister also highlighted that health and education were responsibilities of provincial governments after 18th amendment but it was also the responsibility of nation as a whole.
He said diseases including diabetes, heart diseases, cancer and thalassemia were increasing each day.
Not only poor's, but middle class and upper middle class were also becoming the victims of these life taking diseases.
Non healthy lifestyle including smoking, inadequate physical exercise and bad dietary habits are the primary reason.
“We are developing a shared understanding of the health value chain in partnership with provinces as well as with the general public under Vision 2025.
The emphasis is to work with provinces on access to healthcare and ensuring a standard level of service delivery throughout the country”, he added.
While talking about 11th National Five Year Plan (2013-18) – strategic priorities, the minister said investment in the hospital infrastructure, health education and awareness would help control cardiac, diabetic and other degenerative diseases.
He said every progressive society followed the rule of ‘Early to Bed and Early to Rise' which was a healthy activity in itself.
Everyone had to be a part of healthy activities in order to beat non communicable diseases. Every government officer needed to become a development leader.
It was the duty of federal government to make Islamabad, Fata, AJK and Gilgit Baltistan a ‘Model' for all provinces of the country, the minister said.
Senior Journalist and Anchorperson Javed Chaudhary also appreciated sincere efforts of Ahsan Iqbal and said “We all should promote healthy activities starting from our own home by making our children indulge in sports so that they become physically active.”
He raised a point that government should make it mandatory to get medical certificate before getting married so that these non communicable diseases can be controlled. “We cannot progress with unhealthy nation”, he concluded.
Clarets boss Sean Dyche has no doubt Pep Guardiola will adapt to the Premier League and have success with Manchester City.
City lost three league games in December, to Chelsea, Leicester and Liverpool, and sit 10 points behind leaders Chelsea in fifth place.
Guardiola has been criticised in some parts for persevering with his footballing principles, and after the loss at Leicester came under fire for his comments, after saying: “I'm not a coach for the tackles, so I don't train the tackles."
And second balls have been an area he has become concerned about, with City losing possession and goals to that aspect of the game, including one to Burnley's Dean Marney.
Dyche had a quick chat with him after City's 2-1 win at Turf Moor, and he said: "I only saw him briefly after our game and shared a couple of minutes with him, and I think a man of his footballing intelligence will be working out the reality of the Premier League.
"It's not easy to work that out over one game, he'll be learning all the time.
"He did say to me it's different, compared to Spain and Germany, and this idea of working on second balls, rather than just building play.
"I'm sure him and his staff will be looking at that and how to add that to their game.
"They're still a fine group of players with a top class manager, whichever way you look at it.
"It still makes for a good mix."
Guardiola has known nothing other than success with Barcelona and Bayern Munich, winning 21 trophies in his coaching career to date.
But Dyche feels the Premier League is a different animal to the Primera Liga or Bundesliga: "I think the unpredictability of the season would suggest so (it's a tougher challenge).
"He's come out and said that. The league here is different, in Spain, for one, Barcelona is a fantastic side, obviously, play amazing quality football, but a lot of people were subservient to that, they kind of back off and hope for the best.
"In the Premier League, lots of clubs will take it on and say 'we're going to step on and come what may, that's what we're going to do'.
"So I think that's different, from the outside looking in.
"He's still got some fantastic players and certainly knows what he's doing.
"Look at their game at Hull, tight and cagey and, boom, boom, boom.
"It's certainly a tough league when you're Burnley manager, I don't know about Manchester City!"
There were widespread reports that Saravana Stores' boss Saravanan is likely to act with Nayanthara.
However, circles close to him have denied the claim. “It is a rumour,” they said.
Earlier, reports said that Saravanan is all set to produce and act as a hero in a film that stars Nayanthara as the female lead.
In ads promoting his business venture, Saravanan has appeared with actresses Tamanaah and Hansika, it may be recalled. In a recently released ad, he had also tried shaking a leg with choreographer-turned-actor Raju Sundaram.
Meanwhile, Nayanthara's upcoming Tamil film, Aramm, which is set to have a release in Telugu too, will have a huge value addition in the form of the Oscar-nominated orchestra.
The PKF — Prague Philharmonia will be conducting the complete music score for the film, with tunes composed by Ghibran.
On December 2016 episode of WWE SmackDown Live, The Miz would reveal to the world that Renee Young and Dean Ambrose were an item and that would make a huge mark on the WWE and the fans. What some people may not know is that Ambrose and Young have been together for a long time now. They even made sure to highlight it on WWE Total Divas, the E! Network reality show that has been going on for a couple years now. The reality show gives a behind the scenes look at the WWE through the eyes of the women involved. Due to all the drama that happens, the show made sense. Of course like all reality television(all of it), the show is scripted up to a point. Do things happen randomly? Of course they do. However, it is based mostly on the entertainment side with a bit of reality thrown in for good measure. The relationship of Renee Young and Dean Ambrose was exposed this season, so if people did not know before they knew by the show alone. They even have a home together due to the serious nature of their relationship. That said, WWE had no real choice to talk about the relationship on television. Creative felt it would be right to do so, especially since we all knew. Dolph Ziggler and Daniel Bryan would always kid Renee about it on Talking Smack each week, so it just seemed like time. [Image by WWE] However, that was not the case originally. According to PWInsider, WWE was not initially happy about the relationship of Dean Ambrose and Renee Young getting out. They did not like it going public the way it did, which would be the way it was brought up on Total Divas most likely. However, this did not stop them from using it for storylines on television. It makes total sense for them to use it too, now that the world knows. Plus what better way for a heel to control the lunatic fringe that is Dean Ambrose than to use his loving girlfriend Renee Young to get to him? While Miz did not do this heavily, he did use their relationship to try and hurt Renee's character and use as a journalist. This was not a good thing and it would obviously tick Dean Ambrose off a lot. Now that Dean is going after The Miz's WWE Intercontinental Championship, it does make some sense to believe that the storyline between them should get a bit edgier knowing that 2017 could be a year of revitalization for the WWE. With ratings never being lower in 2016, the WWE brand split became a heavy need and WWE SmackDown Live has managed to do well here weekly. [Image by WWE] The best for this to continue is to give fans what they want, edgier material. Ambrose and Miz can easily do that and exploiting the relationship between Dean Ambrose and Renee Young made sense in order for the program to get very personal between them. The two are set to face off on SmackDown Live this week, but is likely that they face off again at the WWE Royal Rumble PPV. There are some who theorize that Renee Young will get involved to remove Miz's Maryse factor from the match. As his manager, Maryse has helped him win and/or retain championship gold in 2016 on multiple occasions. It is because of her that he won so much, so if she is removed from being a factor then one could argue that Dean Ambrose will have no problem beating The Miz. While Maryse is a co-star for WWE Total Divas and a real life friend of Renee's, they obviously have a storyline going on where every side does not like each other for SmackDown Live. That said, it would not be surprising if Young helped her boyfriend Dean Ambrose win the WWE Intercontinental Title by simply making sure Maryse does not appear to help her husband. [Featured Image By WWE]
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
There are only 48 children in the Dorion Public School. Situated off the Trans Canada Highway in eastern Ontario, the primary school is surrounded by trees and bushes: no stores, no traffic, and no people. In this small rural school, sexual violence seems to be of little concern. Still, Liam Stenlund, one of six people in Grade 7, believes that the school should talk about it. In Nov. 2016, Stenlund became a participant in Campaign Messengers: Taking a Stand! — a pilot project created by the youth-focused not-for-profit organization Ophea that was formed to support the Ontario government's Sexual Violence and Harassment Action Plan.“We thought that starting at an elementary school age will help prevent it very fast,” said Stenlund. “We thought we'd eliminate the gender stereotypes before they become a big issue in our school,” said his classmate Allison Landry also in Grade 7.Funded jointly by the Ministry of Education and the Ministry of the Status of Women, Ophea partnered with Egale Canada, the Ontario Coalition of Rape Crisis Centres and White Ribbon to address the root causes of sexual violence and harassment through the promotion of healthy relationships, consent and social norms within the education sector. Article Continued Below“We strongly believe in student voice and student leadership,” said Sarah Christie, projects leader at Ophea, “and saw this as an opportunity to switch it around a bit and, as opposed to a top-down curriculum approach, really build the capacity of students to be messengers of this issue in their school communities.”According to 2013 statistics, female youth ages 12-17 years old are eight times more likely as male youth to be the victim of sexual assault or other sexual offences, and twice as likely to be victims of violence as adult women. And, 39 per cent of women has reported having experienced at least one incidence of sexual assault since the age of 16.In November, Ophea hosted a one-and-a half day training session for 100 educators and students from 26 schools from all over Ontario: Dryden, Red Rock, Wawa, and Windsor.
Mayim Bialik, who currently stars in “The Big Bang Theory,” has inked a deal with Studio71 to manage her digital content across social channels.
Studio71 will manage Bialik's internet content, focusing on pop-culture content, as well as issues including motherhood, religion, dating, science, and lifestyle. The actress and author is currently active on YouTube (195,000 subscribers), Instagram (2.1 million followers), Facebook (1.4 million likes) and Twitter (577,000 followers).
Studio71 has similar partnerships with Seven Bucks Productions, the production company by Dwayne “The Rock” Johnson and Dany Garcia, and actress and influencer Shay Mitchell. The company's talent network includes Lilly Singh (a.k.a IISuperwomanII), Rhett & Link, Logan Paul, Matthew Santoro, Flula Borg, Epic Meal Time, Roman Atwood, and Family Fun Pack. The L.A.-based company is owned by ProSiebenSat.1 Group.
Bialik is best known for her lead role as Blossom Russo in the early-'90s NBC sitcom “Blossom” and is now a regular on TV's top-rated comedy, CBS's “Big Bang Theory,” playing neurobiologist Amy Farrah Fowler. In 2014, Mayim joined Peter Funt in the relaunch of the original hidden camera reality show, “Candid Camera,” which airs on TV Land.
Bialik is managed by Primary Wave Television, and is repped by WME for theatrical, commercial and voiceover work.
Add Butch Harmon to the growing list of people who believe Tiger Woods has not yet won his last golf tournament.
Harmon, who coached Woods to the first eight of his 14 major championship victories, said he was ‘encouraged' by the former world No.1's return to competitive golf at the recent Hero World Challenge – so much so that he is refusing to rule out the prospect of the 41-year-old winning again on the PGA Tour.
“I learned a long time ago never to say never when it comes to Tiger Woods,” Harmon told the Golf Channel. “He'll prove you wrong. I think he can win again. Whether or not he can win a major championship again, we'll have to wait and see.
“I think he can win on the regular tour and when he does that, I think he'll have confidence when he comes to a major. We know that Tiger tees it up thinking he can win every event he plays in.”
Woods made his return to golf after a ten-month injury lay-off in the Hero World Challenge just under a fortnight ago and confounded many of his doubters by finishing in a tie for ninth in the 18-man field.
Harmon admitted that his former pupil's performance in the Bahamas left him ‘pleasantly surprised' but was quick to guard against getting too carried away on the basis of one tournament.
“I think we have to temper our optimism because we see him play and we say, ‘Oh my gosh, he's going to be like he was in 2000 and 2001',” he added. “But these kids are pretty good these days that he's coming out against. The beauty of what we saw with Tiger there is how much they're into Tiger Woods.
“All of these guys – the Rickies, the Justin Thomas's, the Spieths – they are in the game today because of Tiger Woods. For them to have had a chance to go head-to-head with him, they were loving it.”
LITTLE ROCK, Ark. (AP)  Arkansas lawmakers said Tuesday they're working on a "bathroom bill" targeting transgender people, despite warnings from the Republican governor that such a measure isn't needed and could harm the state.
A one-sentence bill was filed by two GOP state senators stating only that it addresses "gender identity and bathroom privileges" without any specifics. But co-sponsor Republican Sen. Gary Stubblefield said it'll require people to use public bathrooms that correspond to the sex on their birth certificate.
"If they were born a male, that's where they've got to use the bathroom," Stubblefield said.
A similar law in North Carolina has drawn widespread criticism and boycotts from businesses, and prompted the NBA to pull this weekend's All-Star Game out of Charlotte. The state's Democratic governor on Tuesday proposed a compromise to repeal the measure. A bathroom bill being considered in Texas has also prompted a backlash, with the NFL suggesting that Texas could be passed over for future Super Bowl sites if the proposal becomes law.
Advertisement
Republican Gov. Asa Hutchinson repeated his opposition to pursuing a similar measure in Arkansas.
"I have consistently said that there is no need for a North Carolina type bathroom bill in Arkansas," Hutchinson said in a statement. "It is unclear as to the specifics of the proposed legislation but if it is similar to North Carolina's, I view the bill as unnecessary and potentially harmful."
The nation's largest lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender rights group also urged lawmakers to drop the proposal.
"Proponents of anti-trans legislation are invoking a boogeyman that simply does not exist - the reality is that transgender people just want to simply live their everyday lives," Kendra Johnson, Arkansas director for the Human Rights Campaign. "Arkansas should not make the mistake North Carolina made."
Stubblefield and GOP Sen. Greg Standridge, who also sponsored the measure, said they weren't concerned about a backlash from businesses. They also said they expect more proposals from other lawmakers in the majority-Republican Legislature.
"It's a definite thing that there's going to be a bathroom bill pursued," Standridge said. "We just don't know if it's going to be our bill or someone else's bill."
___
Follow Andrew DeMillo on Twitter at www.twitter.com/ademillo
BAGHDAD (Reuters) - An Iraqi military parade in Baghdad's heavily fortified Green Zone celebrated final victory over Islamic State on Sunday, with Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi looking on as troops marched in formation, their bodies spelling “victory day” in Arabic.
Abadi, who is also commander-in-chief of the armed forces, listened solemnly to Quranic verses from a chapter titled al-Nasr, meaning victory.
Iraqi forces recaptured the last areas still under Islamic State control along the border with Syria on Saturday and secured the western desert, marking the end of the war against the militants three years after they had captured about a third of Iraq's territory.
The forces fighting Islamic State in Iraq and Syria now expect a new phase of guerrilla warfare.
Watching the parade on Sunday, state television showed Abadi sat on a throne-like chair placed between two Iraqi flags with the country's official seal behind him, and with all other officials sat at a distance from him.
Abadi declared Dec. 10 would be an annual national holiday. Fighter jets were seen and heard flying over Baghdad's skies.
An announcer introduced various factions who took on Islamic State as troops marched, tanks rolled by and helicopters hovered, all brandishing Iraqi flags as Abadi stood up and waved.
Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi attends during an Iraqi military parade in Baghdad, Iraq, December 10, 2017. Iraqi Prime Minister Media Office/Handout via REUTERS
Those who fought were drawn from the army, air force, federal and local police, elite counter-terrorism forces, as well as Shi‘ite and Sunni paramilitaries and Kurdish Peshmerga fighters. They received key air support from a U.S.-led global coalition.
In his victory speech, delivered on Saturday, Abadi did not mention the Peshmerga, who played a big part in the fight against Islamic State.
Slideshow (6 Images)
The central government in Baghdad is in conflict with the semi-autonomous Kurdistan Regional Government after the latter unilaterally held an independence referendum in September.
Instead Abadi hailed the Iranian-trained and backed Popular Mobilisation Forces (PMF), a group of Shi‘ite militias, many of whom are loyal to Iran.
He also said that the state should have a legitimate monopoly on arms, however. Disarming the PMF is seen as Abadi's greatest challenge after Islamic State's defeat.
The man who many saw as weak and ineffectual when he took over in 2014 from a predecessor who was blamed for the Islamic State takeover now heads towards an election next year as the commander who freed Iraqi lands.
Or as one Western diplomat described him - “the most popular man in Iraq.”
When you first decide you want to create your own pottery, it's likely your first class will involve the pinch pot technique. Pinching ceramics is usually the first thing taught in a beginning pottery class because it requires very few tools and is a great way to get familiar with the properties of clay and the process of making ceramics. But that doesn't mean you can't make sophisticated pottery forms with the pinch pot technique. In fact, the beauty of the pinch pot technique is that the only limiting factor is your imagination. That's why today's post is good for beginners, as well as those who have been making pottery for a long time.
In this project, pinch potter extraordinaire Emily Schroeder Willis shows how to make a beautiful pinched pitcher. If you haven't already, be sure to give the pinch pot technique a try! – Jennifer Poellot Harnetty, editor.
PS: Want to see more on pinching ceramics? Check out pinch pot video in the archives!
The ceramic artist Greg Payce once said to me, “If you can't draw it, you can't make it.” If I had heard this as a student, I would have scoffed and kept on working as I had been, which was to simply imagine the work I wanted to make in my head and struggle through trial and error to execute my mental image. Now, however, as someone who builds pots primarily by using the pinch pot technique, I've come to see how important and true this statement actually is.
In many ways, making pots is drawing three dimensionally; creating a handle, a spout, or a profile of a pot, is like creating a line in space. Drawing on paper trains your eye to see more thoughtfully and be more critical of your work. I found that after sketching things like spouts and handles repeatedly, I saw a significant difference in the ease with which I could create them. The simple gesture of putting pencil on paper several times to get a form right made an immense impact, solidifying how my hands needed to move to create that element in my work when it was time to actually build it in clay. The other reason I now see the importance of sketching is that my hands and fingertips need to be in tune with the physical and/or mental image I'm creating. I use very few tools to shape my work (figure 1). My fingers and my lap are my biggest tools and I sometimes even use the slack of my apron in my lap to help shape larger slabs that I'm pinching into a form. So, I always start with a drawing of the form, and I always have that image present when I'm making objects.
Pinch Pot Technique – Making a Base
To begin the form, I pinch out a small curved disk to use as the bottom to create a foot. I enjoy surprising users when they pick up my pots and find that the bottom is convex rather than flat. To pinch a curved disk, start with a round ball of clay about the size of a plum, pushing your thumb into the middle of it, leaving about half of an inch of clay between your thumb and the outer wall (figure 2). Then, create the proper thickness by pressing a thumb into the clay, proceeding to rotate the ball in small, .25 inches, counterclockwise increments, slowly working to the outside edges until each area is uniform in thickness (figure 3).
Pinch Pot Technique – Coiling and Pinching
It would be difficult to create an entire form by simply pinching, so I add thick coils to help shape and add height to the work. To make coils nice and round, start shaping the coil while wedging the clay. Begin wedging and slowly shift from wedging to rolling the clay into a thick log shape about 3 inches in diameter. From there, pick up the log, squeezing and twisting it into a slightly thinner log, roughly 2 inches in diameter, which also helps to compress the clay further. Make sure it's uniform in thickness, then slowly start to roll out the coil, using your entire hand, held flat, rather than just your palms.
Gently but firmly apply even pressure onto the surface of the coil, keeping your hands as flat as possible, yet relaxed, gliding them over the surface, starting in the middle and working your way out to the ends. If at any time the coil starts to become uneven, simply pick it up, reshape it, and squeeze it into shape. Be careful not to let your coils get too thin—coils should always be thicker than the wall thickness you want on your work. This is the biggest misconception in creating coils. Some clay will be removed in the processes of attaching the coil and creating height. So, to achieve a wall that's .25 inch thick and roughly 1.5 inches high, use a coil that is approximately 1 inch thick.
Pinch Pot Technique – Attachments
Place the pinched base onto a banding wheel. Heavily score the base (I use a tool made from needles stuck into a wine cork, see figure 1), put a layer of slip on top of the base, and rescore the slip-coated area. Take a coil, lay it on top of the slip and cut each end at a 45-degree angle, pushing the ends together and smoothing them over (figure 4). Then use a round- or straight-edged wooden modeling tool to attach the clay on the interior of the vessel, slowly rotating the vessel with one hand and using your other hand as your working hand (figure 5). Using an X, or criss-cross, motion with your left thumb, push the clay down, starting at the top right, pushing down to the bottom left, and then lifting your thumb and pushing from the top left down to the bottom right (see figure 7). Repeat this motion around the entire vessel. Once the coil is properly attached, redefine the interior space with the wooden modeling tool.
Next, work on attaching the coil to the exterior using the same X motion on the exterior. After the coil is fully attached, flip the piece over and push out the bottom, which usually loses some of its shape when attaching the coil on the inside. Lastly, pinch the coil into its final shape so it fits the profile you want. I set my work on a taller banding wheel so I can see the profile of the vessel more easily. Place your hands in front of you with both thumbs on the exterior of the vessel and both index fingers on the interior of the vessel. You'll use both your thumbs and index fingers together to dictate the shape of the wall (figure 6). Pinch up, almost creating a subtle vertical or diagonal spine shape on the vessel every 4 inches around the circumference, which you can later smooth over with your fingers. If you want the shape to roll outward, use more pressure on both index fingers and almost roll your thumbs backwards to create an arc in the form. If you want the form to curve in, your thumbs become more dominant and push the clay over both index fingers (see figure 10).
Pinch Pot Technique – Adding Layers, Creating Form
The most important element in making pinched work is patience. It takes several days to create larger forms, so it's best to work on multiple pieces at once. To add another coil of clay, the work must be sufficiently dry, but slightly softer than leather hard. This can take anywhere from three hours to a whole day depending on the humidity/temperature/sunlight/air circulation in your work space. If you try adding a coil too early, it will be difficult to control the shape because the bottom can't support the weight and the pressure of the new coil. If you wait too long, the clay will be too dry to manipulate into shape. Make sure that everything is as close to the same level of dampness before adding more coils.
Before adding on more coils, trim off a thin layer of clay, leveling off the pot (see figure 9). This removes the area that is usually drier than the rest of the vessel, creating a slightly more malleable area to add a coil to. Additionally, it allows the vessel's height to increase at the same rate all around. Add a layer of slip on the exposed edge and score it with a serrated rib. I use a serrated rib rather than the cork needle tool because the coil's edge is thin, and the serrated rib creates a finer scored area. Placing the coil on top, continue to attach the coil as in the first layer using the X motion with your thumb (figure 7), then pinching up to gain height. When you are ready to add another coil, level of the pot using an X-Acto knife (figure 9) and then repeat the process.
Tip: Once the base of the vessel has been established, I find it easier to shape a vessel that is going to flare out by attaching the exterior of the added coil first, that way while I'm smoothing out the interior coil, I can begin to push the shape out. As long as I work with soft clay, I don't have problems with cracking. If I want the vessel to curve in, I instead attach the added coil on the interior first and pinch up while applying more pressure with my thumbs on the exterior (figure 10). By doing this, when smoothing out the exterior coil, I can begin to push the vessel in and not worry about ruining what I have just shaped. To dramatically bring something in, I really compress the clay as I'm pinching, almost as if I'm trying to squeeze it together. I find that if I overcompensate on flaring or constricting the form, it usually ends up spot on.
Pinch Pot Technique – Making Pinched Handles
Making a handle is very similar to making a coil. The thickness of the coil depends on the size of the object it will be attached to. Cups and pitchers require handles of different thicknesses. For a tall or medium-sized pitcher, make the coil about 1 inch in diameter. Start at the bottom of the coil and pinch up, creating a spine up the middle of the coil (figure 11). Then, place the coil between your thumb and forefinger, flattening out the coil a bit more. Cut the ends of the coil at a 45-degree angle, tapping the ends to thicken them, making them easier to attach later. Hold the handle up to the vessel, checking the proportions and cutting it down to size. Then, bend it into the desired curve and lay it on the table to dry sufficiently so you can attach it later without ruining the shape.
Pinch Pot Technique – Creating a Spout
To create a spout, roll out a short coil that is tapered on each end. Score and slip the area where it will be attached and place the coil on the slipped area (figure 12). When attaching the coil, gently shape an arch into the lip immediately (figure 13). Using a X-Acto knife, cut the lip down to the desired height (figure 14), and shape and smooth it over with your fingers, creating a gradual and soft curve.
Pinch Pot Technique – Finishing Touches
Attach the handle by first placing a ruler across the top of the pitcher so that one edge bisects the spout and rests on the opposite rim. Mark the rim of the pitcher where the handle should be attached, then score and slip the top and bottom attachment points. Attach the top part of the handle first, then, making sure that the arc of the handle and its length are appropriate, recut the bottom of the handle and proceed to attach it (figure 15).
Once finished, let the piece dry under plastic for at least three days and slowly open the plastic up over a series of days until it's completely dry.
Emily Schroeder Willis is an artist and instructor living in Chicago, Illinois. To see more of her work, visit www.emilyschroeder.com. Darcy Demmel is a photographer living and working in Chicago: www.darcydemmel.com.
**First published in 2014
WELLINGTON, Aug 14 (Reuters) - Growth in New Zealand's services sector slowed in July as the winter weather curbed activity, a survey showed on Monday.
The Bank of New Zealand-Business NZ's seasonally adjusted performance of services index (PSI) dropped 2.3 points to 56.0, its lowest since April.
A reading above 50 indicates expansion in activity.
"Looking at comments from respondents, a number of negative comments centred on wet and wintery conditions hampering business activity," Business NZ chief executive Kirk Hope said in a statement accompanying the data.
Luton chief Nathan Jones slammed Portsmouth's supporters for booing Cameron McGeehan after he was stretchered off with a broken leg at Fratton Park this afternoon.
Town's goalscoring midfielder was injured in a challenge with the home side's Michael Doyle and needed lengthy treatment in which he was jeered mercilessly by Pompey's fans.
Speaking afterwards, Jones said: “One thing I will say, Portsmouth fans showed no class whatsoever, absolutely no class.
“That was an absolute disgrace. The kid's a young boy, he's a wonderful talent, he works hard every day and it's a bad injury and Portsmouth fans shows what they're about.
“An absolute disgrace in how they reacted, showed absolutely no class whatsoever.”
Pompey assistant Leam Richardson somehow tried to claim he didn't hear the reaction from the home supporters afterwards, while skipper Scott Cuthbert continued: “I think they're sitting up there they maybe don't know the situation.
“When you see a young kid and he's getting strapped up and stretchered off it's obviously not a good sign.
“So you're wanting a bit of respect, give him a clap off as he's obviously done himself some serious damage.
“But they don't know what's going on on the pitch.”
To make matters worse, McGeehan was booked by referee Tim Robinson while receiving treatment after pounding the floor in frustration.
When asked for his view, Cuthbert said: “He decided Cam was lying there with a broken leg to book him, I don't know why, you need to ask him about that.
“I don't know if there was a problem with the stretcher, that's what I heard. Cam's broken his leg, he's frustrated, you need to ask the ref why he booked him.”
Jones added: “I think it was his reaction after, I don't know, but surely an element of empathy or compassion has to be shown.”
OTTAWA — A man has been charged with 10 counts of first-degree murder and 13 counts of attempted murder after a van struck pedestrians along one of Toronto's busiest thoroughfares, conjuring memories of recent similar attacks, including in France, Germany and Spain.
Monday's events sent the city reeling, sowing confusion and fear. So why have no terrorism charges been laid in the case?
Here's a look at the Canadian legal regime on terrorism:
DEFINITION: The Criminal Code defines terrorism as an act carried out "for a political, religious or ideological purpose, objective or cause" intended to intimidate the public by causing death or serious bodily harm, endangering health and safety, or interfering with an essential service.
OFFENCES: The code includes offences that target financing and participation in a terrorist group, as well as facilitating and instructing others to commit terrorist acts.
WHAT THE EXPERTS SAY: When Criminal Code offences for terrorism were introduced as a part of the Anti-Terrorism Act in 2001, Parliament decided that one of the things that should help distinguish such offences from other forms of violent crime was the specific motivational definition, said Wesley Wark of the University of Ottawa's graduate school of public and international affairs.
"Some violent crimes may have the same effect as terrorism but if the motivational element cannot be demonstrated then they are not considered, legally, acts of terrorism, even if they terrorize," Wark said.
It can also be difficult for police and legal counsel to establish the motivation in a way that meets the evidentiary standards of a court, he added.
The terrorism offences in Canadian law "do not work well" with so-called lone-wolf suspects who act on their own, given the code's emphasis on participating in or contributing to the activities of a terrorist group, said Kent Roach, a law professor at the University of Toronto who has written extensively about national security.
OTHER CASES: There is expert consensus that whenever it's appropriate to lay terrorism charges, that should happen, even if it makes no ultimate difference to the criminal sanction, such as the length of sentence imposed, Wark said.
Copyright 2017 NPR. To see more, visit http://www.npr.org/.
KELLY MCEVERS, HOST:
Now let's meet a person who is a citizen of no country. He is Rohingya. That's a Muslim group from mostly Buddhist Myanmar. Myanmar has persecuted Rohingya for decades. Many of them fled to neighboring Bangladesh which offers them refuge but not much hope. And that's what Michael Sullivan begins our story of one refugee who's never even seen home but wants to.
MICHAEL SULLIVAN, BYLINE: Myanmar is just a few miles away from the camp where Nur Muhammad was born. It might as well be a thousand. His family - among the first wave of Rohingya to flee persecution by Myanmar's military a long time ago.
NUR MUHAMMAD: They leave in 1991. And I borned (ph) in 1992.
SULLIVAN: Born in a hut in a camp, a stateless person and a refugee.
MUHAMMAD: I have a country. But my country denied me as a Rohingya.
SULLIVAN: The country he lives in now as a guest denies him too, though he is one of the more fortunate. He lives in one of two government-registered camps here. And that's important. Having a card issued by the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees, recognized by the government, offers a measure of safety denied to hundreds of thousands of other Rohingya who are here illegally in makeshift camps.
MUHAMMAD: There are many peoples, they can't move area because they haven't any document. 'Cause if the police think that he's illegal, then he gets arrested, sent to prison.
SULLIVAN: Nur Muhammad - not his real name, he's asked that we change it to protect his identity - has lived here all his life. And because he has, he can pass as Bangladeshi, enabling him to finish high school. He even has some Bangladeshi friends. But telling them he's Rohingya? That's a problem.
MUHAMMAD: I have hidden my real identity that I'm Rohingya. Otherwise they will hurt me. They will insult me like this. OK? So I - my mind is so, so, so low.
SULLIVAN: But it wears on a person living like that in the shadows, unable to work. You can see it in his eyes, hear it in his voice. There's no future here, he says.
MUHAMMAD: Not at all because I am not a citizen of Bangladesh.
SULLIVAN: And it's killing him, he says. His brain is dying. And his hair, he says, is already turning white. He wants to leave the way many young Rohingya have left Myanmar or Bangladesh - by boat.
MUHAMMAD: One of my friends stay in Thailand. He tells me, come here. I tell him just how I can? I need money. I need a passport.
SULLIVAN: He's thought of leaving before, he says, but...
MUHAMMAD: My parents also didn't allow me. I tried but they didn't allow me. So if you leave us, who looks after us? Please, don't leave us.
SULLIVAN: It's an often dangerous trip, one his 14-year-old brother tried a few years back. They haven't heard from him since and fear the worst. But it's about all Nur Muhammad has left, that and a dream about Myanmar, the home he's never been to.
MUHAMMAD: I wish for one night at that country.
SULLIVAN: Your heart wants to do that.
MUHAMMAD: Yeah.
SULLIVAN: But does your head think that's possible?
MUHAMMAD: Impossible is no word. Nothing impossible in this world. Everything is possible, you know, if you tried.
SULLIVAN: Nur Muhammad went back to his parents a few weeks ago to ask again. Go, they said, you've done enough for us. If you stay, it will be the end of you. For NPR News, I'm Michael Sullivan in Cox's Bazaar, Bangladesh.
(SOUNDBITE OF 9 LAZY 9'S "TUMBLEWEED") Transcript provided by NPR, Copyright NPR.
The site for Putney and Roehampton residents - and anyone planning to buy in Putney, eat or shop in SW15. For more on our aims, click here.
If you are viewing this text, your browser lacks the ability to read frames. Although you will need a browser that can handle frames to use our site, you can idea of the site by following some of the links below.
The front page contains all the latest information on Putney and Roehampton.
Our main sections are:
INFORMATION
We have comprehensive information on Putney including with schools and local councils. Our Calendar and events section lists events in Putney and Roehampton.
SERVICES
Our aim is created a comprehensive listing of anything you might need in the local area. This information will be kept up-to-date, and is always available via your computer.
PROPERTY
When you're seriously looking to buy or let, you need to know EVERYTHING that's available. That's where we make the difference. We already have over 600 houses for sale or to let in Putney, listed on our database, which is searchable by price/rent and number of bedrooms.
Attorney General Doug Chin announced Tuesday that Hawaii federal judge Derrick K. Watson has partially lifted the stay he placed last week on Hawaii's travel ban lawsuit.
This action by Judge Watson allows Dr. Ismail Elshikh, a U.S. citizen and Hawaii resident, to join Hawaii's case against the President's Executive Order banning travel from seven Muslim-majority nations and suspending the nation's refugee program.
Judge Watson also allowed Hawaii to add a new count, alleging violations of the federal Religious Freedom Restoration Act. The Act prohibits the federal government from substantially burdening the exercise of religion, even if the burden results from a rule of general applicability.
The stay Judge Watson issued last week remains in place for all other purposes, so long as the nationwide injunction against implementation of the President's Executive Order, signed on Jan. 27, remains in place. On Friday, Feb. 10, a 3-0 decision from the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals allowed the nationwide injunction to remain in place.
Attorney General Chin added, “President Trump's executive order imposes a substantial burden on the exercise of religion. Freedom of religion is one of the most important rights and values for citizens in this country, no matter what religion that is. The additional claim in our complaint protects that right.”
Read the first amended complaint in Hawaii v. Trump here.
EMBED >More News Videos The man accused of shooting and killing a mother over her cell phone appeared in court Monday morning.
Family members are describing the killing of a single mother who was murdered just a few feet from her front door over a phone.Dondrick Flagg, 28, is charged with capital murder after authorities say he killed 29-year-old Tiffany McKnight over the weekend.In court Monday, Flagg had on the same red hoodie that he wore the morning of the alleged crime. He did not answer any of the judge's questions.Police say Tiffany was returning from the grocery store when Flagg approached her at her apartment complex in the 2000 block of Reed Road and asked to use her cell phone.Tiffany's sister, Victoria Burrell, told ABC13 she was talking with her over FaceTime and heard everything. She says she heard Tiffany scream and heard the gun shots that took her sister's life."She was screaming and I heard pop, pop, pop, and I didn't hear Tiffany scream anymore," Burrell recalled."She looked up and he said, 'Hey, can I use your cell phone?' She said, 'I'm on an important phone call right now but I can let you use my house phone.' Next thing you know he yanks her out of the car, I heard her scream and she was screaming and I was screaming, 'Tiffany, Tiffany, Tiffany, Tiffany.'"After the gun shots, Burrell called her mother, who lived with Tiffany."I opened the door and she was lying right out there," said Maxine McKnight, Tiffany's mother. "And I got to praying for her."Flagg allegedly shot Tiffany four times before running away. She was pronounced dead at the scene.Witnesses described Flagg, who was found by police several blocks away from the complex.Authorities say he struggled with officers, punching one of them in the face, before running off again. According to officials, he threw a handgun in the bushes before being arrested.Flagg was wearing two distinctive lanyards around his neck, which allegedly belonged to the victim.Court records state one of them was a Houston Texans lanyard with car keys and a picture of the victim and a friend. The victim's sister also described the exact lanyard.Flagg did not give any information to police after his arrest. He is currently being held without bond.Maxine McKnight says her daughter Tiffany worked two jobs and was attending school to be a pharmacist. It was all to support her 9-year-old son. He was on the couch when the shots rang out.The family can't understand why suspect Flagg pulled the trigger after Tiffany offered to help him.Tiffany's last words still haunt her sister."Her last moments I heard her screaming, screaming for help. 'Help, Victoria, help!'" Burrell said, "I don't want to remember her like that."
The frustrating offseason continued for the New York Islanders late on Tuesday evening when news broke that the Carolina Hurricanes had signed defenceman and former Islander Calvin de Haan to a four-year contract, according to Luke DeCock.
Hurricanes have agreed to terms with free-agent defenseman Calvin de Haan, per source. Four years, $18.2 million. Left-shot D completes top two pairings. — Luke DeCock (@LukeDeCock) July 4, 2018
The deal is reportedly worth $18.2 million over the course of the four years and carries a cap hit and annual average value (AAV) of $4.55 million per season. Not only does it lock up the 27-year-old for the Hurricanes through the 2021-22 season, but it also solidifies the future for the young blueliner who is coming off a one-year deal with the Islanders in which he made $3.3 million.
De Haan Looking for Bounce Back
With the Islanders last season, de Haan collected just one goal and 12 points in 33 games – missing the final 49 due to injury. However, it's worth noting that while he was healthy he did earn himself a plus-11 rating, but was sub-50 in Corsi-For Percentage at 49.1%.
Related: Tavares Signs With Maple Leafs
Prior to last season, de Haan did show how valuable he can be when healthy playing in all 82 games for the Islanders – the team that drafted him 12th overall back in 2009. Having played in every contest, it gave him the opportunity to have a career-year offensively with five goals, 20 assists and 25 points.
In parts of six seasons with New York, de Haan has collected 12 goals and 81 points in 304 regular season games. He also brings some playoff experience to Carolina with three assists in 16 postseason games with the Islanders.
Hurricanes Picking Up the Pieces
The signing of de Haan gives the Hurricanes yet another major defensive pick up this offseason following their acquisition of Dougie Hamilton in a five-player deal with the Calgary Flames. It also solidifies the team's left side on the blue line and gives them a good young core on the back end.
“Calvin is a solid, puck-moving defenceman who will bring a veteran presence to the blue line,” said Hurricanes' general manager Don Waddell to NHL.com. “He is a strong two-way player who is capable of shutting down opponents' top lines, and he will help solidify the left side and upgrade our defense.”
While the acquisition of de Haan gives the Hurricanes six defensemen signed to contracts for the upcoming season – five of whom are due $4.025 million or more – it does open up the possibility that the team could look to move Justin Faulk and his $4.83-million contract.
The contract also makes him the third blueliner the Hurricanes have locked up through the 2021-22 season – including Jaccob Slavin and Brett Pesce.
While the Islanders have been able to add veterans like Valtteri Filppula, Leo Komarov and Matt Martin over the last few days, the losses of John Tavares and de Haan will certainly be felt in New York this season.
Elite Daily, the online publisher that (still) describes itself as “The Voice of Generation Y,” has been acquired by Bustle.
The news was first reported by Business Insider.
The Daily Mail previously acquired Elite Daily as a way for the British news publisher to connect with a millennial audience. At the end of 2016, however, The Daily Mail wrote down a $31 million loss on the purchase, saying that “audience retention and revenue growth have been disappointing and losses have exceeded expectations.”
Jon Steinberg, who oversaw the acquisition at The Daily Mail, is now running video news startup Cheddar, while Elite Daily's founders have also departed.
None of this makes Elite Daily sound like a publisher on the upswing, but in a press release, Bustle CEO Bryan Goldberg (pictured above) said, “We see a tremendous opportunity to build off of Elite Daily's strong capabilities in video, social, and native advertising.”
Goldberg, who was also one of the founders of Bleacher Report, launched woman-focused Bustle in 2013, followed by Romper, a site for millennial moms, in 2015. He said that with Elite Daily's readers (“most of whom are young women”), the company now known as Bustle Digital Group “further extends our demographic leadership.”
The financial terms of the deal were not disclosed, but Bustle Digital Group says Elite Daily will maintain its independent editorial operations in New York. The company also says it will now reach nearly 80 million unique monthly visitors across Bustle, Romper and Elite Daily.
Frequent contributor Hayman Tam sent us this picture for Picture of the Day, explaining: “Sometimes you just need a bit of extra engine cooling. This is the starboard engine of a Martin 404 Skyliner displayed at the Pima Air & Space Museum in Tucson.
“Donated to the museum in 2000, the airplane was on its way to the museum from Montana when one cylinder on that engine failed and was thrown out through the cowling somewhere over northern Arizona,” he continued. “The plane made an emergency landing, then finished the flight with a replacement engine in place. The museum decided to display the Skyliner with the bad engine on it and a substitute cylinder poking out.”
Warner Bros. International Television Production Sweden (WBITVP Sweden) has appointed Johan Hedman, the former head of TV at SF Studios, to lead the company's drama unit.
Reporting to WBITVP Sweden's managing director, Johan Idering, Hedman will spearhead the development and production of all scripted television content.
Ronald Goes, executive VP and head of Warner Bros. International TV Production, said Hedman has a “strong track record of bringing exciting, original stories to both local and international audiences.”
Goes added that Hedman's “appointment reflects our ongoing commitment to local scripted TV content.”
Commenting on Hdeman's hiring, Idering argued that “scripted content is the fastest growing TV-genre in Sweden.” “With a skilled and ambitious person as Johan Hedman behind the wheel we look forward to growing our creative drama department,” said Idering.
WBITVP Sweden is one of Warner Bros. International Television Production's network of 16 local production operations handling both original programming and local versions of Warner Bros. Television Group's formats. The current slate of WBITVP Sweden includes SVT's annual ‘Christmas Calender' (Julkalendern) which based on the trilogy Erika Vallin's novels “Speglarnas hemlighet.”
Recent scripted productions in Sweden have included “Farang,” an action-packed international thriller set in Thailand starring Ola Rapace (“Skyfall”), and the crime series “Maria Wern” based on Anna Jansson's series of novels.
GREEN BAY, Wis. -- Jordy Nelson is here to tell you there's a reason NFL players need a mental break as much as a physical one after a grueling season.
For as impressive as the Green Bay Packers veteran wide receiver's comeback season was in 2016 -- he caught 97 passes for 1,257 yards and an NFL-best 14 touchdowns after missing all of 2015 with a torn right ACL -- there were times during the year when Nelson was ready to call it quits altogether.
“If you ask my wife [Emily], I've told her five different things this past year,” Nelson said Tuesday morning during an appearance on ESPN Wisconsin's Wilde & Tausch. “From, ‘Don't ever let me play again this year,' to ‘Don't ever let me play after this year,' to ‘OK, I can play another five years.'
“I fully understand why people tell you after the season to take some time off and think about it and let the body heal, because in the middle of it all, you have all sorts of things going through your head.”
Packers wide receiver Jordy Nelson caught 97 passes for 1,257 yards this past season. Jim Matthews/USA TODAY NETWORK
Now, don't turn this into the annual Brett Favre will-he-or-won't-he retirement melodrama. Nelson, who turns 32 in May and was named the AP NFL Comeback Player of the Year at the NFL Honors event on Feb. 4, enjoyed his comeback way too much to hang 'em up now. He played through painful broken ribs in the team's season-ending NFC Championship Game loss to Atlanta and said the team's eight-game winning streak late in the year allowed him to get "to the point where I was really able to enjoy football again."
But Nelson does recognize he's closer to the end of his career than he is to the beginning, and he contemplates his football mortality more now than he did when he entered the league as a second-round draft pick out of Kansas State in 2008.
Nelson, who is one of only eight players who remain with the Packers from the Super Bowl XLV-winning team of 2010, said he, his wife and the couple's two sons are also very happy living in Green Bay year-round.
“I have two years left on my deal,” Nelson said of the four-year, $39.05 million extension he signed before the 2014 season, which included an $11.5 million signing bonus. “It'd be great to finish that out and then see where the body is at, to be honest with you.
“I'm going to take it year-by-year, because it's 100 percent on how the body feels. We love it up here, my son loves his school, everything's been perfect. As long as the body can handle it and [the Packers] want me, I'll play. But as soon as one or the other gives in, then I'll be more than willing to walk away and move back on the farm and kind of disappear from earth.”
Editor's note: Jason Wilde covers the Green Bay Packers for ESPN Wisconsin.
[Bloomberg] Obama's stingy pardons
President Barack Obama granted 78 pardons earlier this month, doubling the total for his presidency -- and ensuring that it will not go down as the least forgiving in more than a century. Instead, it will probably end up as the second-least forgiving.
It's a strange legacy for a president who has spoken so eloquently about the need for a more fair and rational criminal-justice system. It's also a missed opportunity to notch a small victory for another issue the president is passionate about: voting rights.
There are 50,000 people released from federal prisons each year, and many return to states that either permanently bar them from voting or require them to apply for restoration of their rights. Most of these felons don't deserve pardons, of course; only 3,000 have applied. And most ex-offenders without voting rights have committed state, not federal, crimes.
None of this should stop Obama from issuing pardons in deserving federal cases.
There are other ways for the president to show clemency besides pardons. A commutation, for example, reduces a prisoner's sentence. Obama has commuted the sentences of more than 1,000 inmates -- more than the last 11 presidents combined, a statistic the administration is fond of citing.
A less heralded statistic is that Obama has received far more applications -- some 31,000 -- than his predecessors. The reason is simple: He invited federal prisoners to apply. A frequent critic of the nation's harsh sentencing laws, he is the first president to organize an official clemency initiative to address the issue.
As it turns out, a clemency initiative is not a very good way to address the issue. For every commutation Obama has granted, he has denied 14 others. Of the 190,000 federal prisoners, Obama has reduced sentences for only about six-tenths of 1 percent. So far at least, Obama has found relatively few federal prisoners deserving of mercy.
The truth is that, as the data has shown all along, reducing prison populations -- a worthy goal -- is a lot harder than it sounds. Obama deserves credit for bringing attention to the challenge and supporting some sentencing reforms that have helped address it. Unfortunately, his record has not matched his rhetoric.
(Bloomberg)
Get ready to laugh with Guy Torry
Actor and Comedian Guy Torry joined Tyler Ryan on GMC for some laughs
COLUMBIA SC (WOLO)–Comedian Guy Torry joined Tyler Ryan on Good Morning Columbia to talk about his acting career, and his upcoming appearances at the Comedy House on Decker Blvd. Torry also tried his hand at the Cheese Quiz
Harrison Ford as Han Solo, with Peter Mayhew's Chewbacca, in ‘Star Wars Episode VII: The Force Awakens' (Photo: Walt Disney/Lucasfilm Ltd c/o Everett Collection)
In 2014 during the production of Star Wars: The Force Awakens, Harrison Ford found himself in a perilous situation: one of the blast doors on the Millennium Falcon had trapped him.
JJ Abrams and crew members tried their best to lift the hydraulic doors from the Han Solo actor but he still ended up with a broken leg and a pretty painful story from his return to a galaxy far, far away.
In retelling the story, Ford mentioned a big friend who had tried his best to rescue him and it turns out the person was Chewbacca actor Joonas Suotamo.
Joonas Suotamo has played Chewbacca since 2015 More
Suotamo recalled the accident when chatting to Entertainment Weekly.
“We were terrified when that thing happened. I thought that my hero from childhood was no more! I was sure of it. And then apparently when they finally lifted that hydraulic thing, he just walked off and called his own helicopter,” he explained.
“Let's set the record straight. Hydraulic doors can't be lifted, but we tried.”
Because of that incident, the production team had to redesign the Falcon to prevent an incident like this happen again, something Alden Ehrenreich pointed out.
So that's why those blast doors now have a foam bottom half,” the new Han Solo actor said.
“I didn't know that,” Suotamo responded. “That's why it broke when I kicked it!”
Solo: A Star Wars Story is in cinemas now.
READ MORE
Why ‘Solo' is considered ‘Star War's' first failure
Will ‘Solo' effect Jon Favreau's ‘Star Wars' TV show?
Is Billy Dee Williams training for a ‘Star Wars: Episode 9' return?
DesRosiers Automotive Consultants says a five-year growth trend in year-to-date sales of new light vehicles in Canada ended in June.
The Toronto auto market watcher says 1,036,677 new light vehicles were sold in Canada in the first six months of the year, down 0.2 per cent from the record-setting six-month total of 1,039,068 in the same period of 2017.
It was the first decline in year-to-date numbers since March 2013 and comes as June marked the fourth month in a row of year-over-year monthly declines in sales.
Sales of new vehicles were down 1.6 per cent in June at 200,156 versus the same month last year, as a 1.4 per cent gain in sales of light trucks was more than offset by an eight per cent decline in passenger car sales.
Police forces in Yorkshire have lost track of 20 registered sex offenders, according to a report published by Sky News.
Weather: White Easter is possible, say experts
West Yorkshire Police currently have 10 offenders who are wanted for breaching of registration requirements, while South Yorkshire Police said 10 registered sex offenders were wanted because their whereabouts were unknown.
Nationally, 485 sex offenders have been lost track of, including rapists and paedophiles.
Three of the 10 that West Yorkshire Police are looking for are known to be living outside the UK and four offenders have been wanted for more than a year.
Out of the 10 that South Yorkshire Police are tracking, offences include assault on a female by penetration, indecent assault on a female under 14, making indecent photos of children, rape, sexual assault, sexual activity with a female under 16, sexual activity with a child and taking indecent photos of children.
North Yorkshire Police said no registered sex offenders were currently missing.
READ: Drivers face delays during M62 overnight closures
Michelle Skeer, National Police Chiefs' Council lead for the Management of Sexual Offenders and Violent Offenders, said: "The number of recorded wanted or missing sex offenders represents less than 1 per cent of the total and a proportion of these are, following investigation, either known or believed to be living abroad or have returned to their country of origin.
"When registered sex offenders are missing or wanted in the UK, all police forces are alerted. If they return to the UK, there are processes in place to ensure that they are brought to the attention of police and arrested where appropriate.
"The UK has some of the most effective tools in the world to manage registered sex offenders.
"While the reality is that the risks posed to the public by such individuals can never be completely eliminated, there is significant evidence that the multi-agency public protection arrangements successfully keeps them to a minimum."
Planning bid goes in for a 365-room ‘fixer-up'
Forces across the UK were asked to reveal the number of registered sex offenders whose whereabouts were unknown on 17 January.
41 forces responded to Sky News' request, while four did not.
Even at age 45, Jaromir Jagr is still one of the most productive players in the NHL. He still has the ability to rack up points and also plays with a physical edge. Yet, as the offseason is coming to a close, Jagr still finds himself without an NHL home and that is extremely shocking.
Although Jagr had a down year this past season, he still managed to put up 46 points. This was on a Florida Panthers club that did not offer him much support. Jagr should be able to find himself another chance to play sooner rather than later.
Others have also come up with reasons why Jagr would fit with different NHL clubs. With that, it is apparent that he is capable of still being an NHL player. There would not be so much interest in him otherwise.
The Calgary Flames are a team, in my opinion, that should take a look at Jagr. They would have nothing to lose and would only benefit from this. Jagr would instantly become one of their best forwards and make the Flames a better team overall. As much as the Flames upgraded this season, they still have issues with their offensive core. Jagr could help with that.
Right Wing Woes
The Flames have immense talent down the middle and two strong left wingers in Johnny Gaudreau and Matthew Tkachuk. However, their right side is fairly weak and could use an upgrade. Besides Michael Frolik's decent production, the Flames seem to lack a first line right winger and that's where Jagr could come in.
The Flames have used Micheal Ferland on the first line many times, but he does not possess the skills of a top-six forward. Although he is an integral piece of the team, it is clear that Ferland should be playing on their checking line and penalty kill. With Ferland out of their top-six and Jagr in, they would produce more offense.
Lastly, a first line of Gaudreau, Sean Monahan, and Jagr would be lethal. Can you imagine the remarkable plays they would make? Jagr still has the ability to help lead an offense and that would benefit both linemates. The Flames would be a more difficult team to play if this was their starting line each night.
Veteran Presence
With the Flames being on the rise, they could use Jagr as a leader in the locker room. It is clear that Jagr has an abundance of experience in the league. Not many players even come close to how polished he is. Jagr could be the guy that motivates them to reach new accomplishments.
Looking at the primary core of the Flames, the majority of their top players are all young. Besides captain Mark Giordano and a few role players, this team is mainly in their early to mid-twenties. It never hurts for an NHL team to bring in a veteran for guidance. With a player like Jagr, the Flames would receive something special.
Push For Contention
At the end of the day, the Flames know they are in a position where they need to win. Gaudreau stated this best.
The Flames luckily have some time with their core players before they expect their big raises. Yet, as previously stated, they will not go far if they do not improve their top-six forward core. For the short term, Jagr would be a solid upgrade. He could drive this team to the position where they are expected to be at.
It appears unlikely that Jagr will play in Calgary this season. However, it is an option the Flames should consider. After an offseason of big moves, it is now time for them to work toward becoming an elite team in the NHL. If they were to pursue this, Jagr could end up being the final piece to the puzzle.
RAWALPINDI, April 17 (APP): Director General Inter Services
Public Relations (ISPR) Major General Asif Ghafoor on Monday
divulged details about recovery of a young medical student Noreen
Leghari from Lahore.
Addressing a press conference, he said Noreen Leghari went
missing from Hyderabad and afterwards she posted on social media
that she had joined Daish (ISIS).
Later her parents appealed to the Chief of Army Staff General
Qamar Javed Bajwa, who subsequently issued instructions to the
Military Intelligence to find the girl.
In response to the directions, the intelligence organization
spotted the girl residing in a house located in Lahore and started
monitoring.
In the meantime, it was learnt that the girl would detonate
herself at some church during the Easter celebrations on April 15.
Therefore intelligence based operation was carried out on
April 14 and the girl was recovered to avoid possible attack on the
church, thus successfully averting a massive disaster.
In a message aired during the press conference, Noreen Leghari
told that she was taken to Lahore for suicide bombing.
Answering a question, Major Gen Asif Ghafoor informed that
Noreen Leghari was recovered from Lahore and she did not go to Syria
as was falsely projected through an electronic post.
“Our effort is that she goes back home to live a normal life.”
In the light of this incident, he advised the parents to be
vigilant about the activities of their children, especially while
they were using information technology, particularly social media.
The ISPR Director General said,”Creating a stable, peaceful and
normalized Pakistan with terrorists' freedom of action considerably
curtailed through a comprehensive approach of consolidating gains in
the western zone, clearing terrorists support base, illegal weapons
and explosives control in the country, will restore public
confidence.”
Giving details about achievements in the operation RUF, he said
since February 20, 15 major operations and 4,535 intelligence-based
operations (IBOs) were carried out, besides setting up of 723
joint check posts across the country by law enforcement agencies.
He said some 4,510 suspects and 1,859 unregistered
Afghan nationals were apprehended.
During the operation, he said 4,083 weapons and 622,191
ammunition were recovered.
He said 558 miscreants and feraris, who surrendered before the
security forces, had been handed over to the quarters concerned for
further necessary action.
Additionally, he said, 108 terrorists were killed during
exchange of fire in various operations.
Giving province-wise details, he said in Punjab, two major
operations were launched while 2,692 IBOs were conducted, 625 joint
check posts were set up, 3139 criminals were apprehended, 345
unregistered Afghans were held, 1,088 weapons and 121,090 ammunition
were recovered, and 17 terrorists were killed.
In Sindh, one major operation was carried out, 335 IBOs were
conducted, 21 joint check posts were established, 157 suspects were
arrested, 620 unregistered Afghans were held, 165 weapons and 8,324 ammunition were seized, and 52 criminals surrendered while eight
terrorists were killed.
In Balochistan, four major operations were carried out, 261
IBOs were conducted, 13 joint check points were established, 283
criminals were apprehended, 692 unregistered Afghans were taken
into custody, and 1,231 weapons and 10,402 ammunition were recovered.
He said 487 criminals surrendered while 10 terrorists were put
to death.
In FATA and KP, eight major operations were undertaken, 1,247
IBOs were conducted, 64 joint check posts were established, 931
criminals were detained, 202 unregistered Afghans were held and 1,599
weapons and 482,375 ammunition were seized.
He said 19 criminals surrendered before the security forces
while 73 terrorists were killed in the ongoing operations.
The ISPR DG said former TTP commander, Ehsanullah Ehsan, who
had joined Jamaat ul Ahrar (JUA), had surrendered before the
security forces.
He said the surrender of commander of a banned terrorist
outfit spoke volumes about the successes and achievements of
the operation RUF.
He said the Pakistan Army, intelligence agencies and law
enforcement agencies with the help and support of the entire nation
had been successfully carrying out the operations against “fasadis”.
The ISPR DG also divulged details about the recovery of a young
medical student, Noreen Leghari, from Lahore.
He said Noreen Leghari went missing from Hyderabad and
afterwards she posted on social media that she had joined Daish
(ISIS).
Later her parents appealed to Chief of the Army Staff General
Qamar Javed Bajwa, who subsequently issued instructions to the
Military Intelligence to find out the girl.
Following the COAS directives, the intelligence organization
spotted the girl residing in a house located in Lahore and started
monitoring.
In the meantime, it was learnt that the girl would detonate
herself at some church during Easter celebrations on April 15.
Therefore, intelligence based operation was carried out on
April 14 and the girl was recovered to avoid possible attack on the
church, thus successfully averting a massive disaster.
During the press conference, a video statement of Noreen was
showed, in which, she said, she was taken to Lahore for suicide
bombing.
Answering a question, Major Gen Asif Ghafoor said Noreen
Leghari was recovered from Lahore and she did not go to Syria
as was falsely projected through an electronic post.
“Our effort is that she goes back home to live a normal life.”
In the light of this incident, he advised the parents to be
vigilant about the activities of their children, especially while
they were using information technology, particularly social media.
Giving a brief on major operations undertaken by the security
forces, the ISPR DG said in Dera Ghazi Khan, 10 terrorists, who had
announced to disrupt the census exercise, were killed in a
cross fire while two Rangers presonnel embraced martyrdom.
In another operation in Chaman, security forces received
a report about the use of a vehicle laden with improvised explosive
devices.
An operation was conducted and 120 kg explosives laden on the
vehicle were seized. The seizure helped avert a possible terror attack
in Quetta thus saved the metropolis from big destruction.
In Loralai, FC Balochistan seized huge quantity of landmines
while in Orakzai, the forces also recovered a huge cache of arms and
ammunition, besides dismantling a network of underground tunnels.
Maj Gen Ghafoor noted that in terms of crime rate and target
killings, every year was better than the previous one in Karachi.
After completion of the military operation in the country,
particularly in FATA, he said development projects, including building
of schools, health projects and water supply schemes, were launched
out to help improve overall living conditions of the people.
In FATA, now 1,100 students were getting education in Army
Public Schools (APS) while in Balochistan, 545 students were
studying in APS.
He said 4,375 children were living in Pakistan Army managed
hostels in Chamalang area and in Swat, 700 children were receiving
education in a modern Army Public School.
He said 82 cadets from FATA were getting training in Pakistan
Military Academy while 223 youth of Balochistan were also sent to
the military academy.
In the last four years, 416 cadets from Balochistan had
joined PMA, he added.
He said 54 youth from Balochistan, 24 from FATA and 23 from
Gilgit Baltistan got commission in Pakistan Army as officers during
last year.
Giving details about ceasefire violations by India, Major
Gen Asif Ghafoor said during 2016, the adversary had committed
382 violations along Line of Control (LoC).
During the first three months of 2017, he said, India had
committed 215 ceasefire violations due to which four civilians
embraced martyrdom and 24 others sustained injuries.
Referring to the trend of increasing ceasefire violations by
India, he pointed out that the same were aimed at deflecting the world
attention from the worsening situation in held Kashmir.
He told a questioner that the Field General Court Martial had
awarded death sentence to Indian RAW agent/naval officer Commander
Kulbhushan Jhadav following all the codal procedures and on the
basis of material evidences against the culprit.
On the ongoing demographic process, he said the first phase of
census was completed in Punjab, Sindh and Balochistan while in some
blocks of FATA and Azad Kashmir, the exercise would be completed
soon.
He said data collected from the census would help in profiling
and identifying foreign nationals. Such a system was being developed,
which would go a long way to help the departments concerned to
upgrade and maintain national database.
Paying tribute to the martyrs of attack on a census team in
Lahore, the ISPR DG said, “We will always remember their sacrifices.”
“Such an attack will not deter us from carrying out
national responsibilities and the census process will be completed
at all costs.”
Releasing data on the performance of military courts, he said
274 terrorists were convicted, of which 161 were awarded death sentence
and the rest were handed down rigorous imprisonment of various terms.
During the operation RUF, he said 11 executions had been carried
out while 14 others would be carried out within next few days.
Praising the role of media especially during the anti-
terrorist operations, he said those, who were doing evil, now wanted
to join the mainstream.
He said militants from different organisations had realized
that conditions in Pakistan had changed and they also realized that
they were doing something wrong.
He said coordination between institutions was improving
on the National Action Plan and it would be better in future.
In response to a question, Major Gen Asif Ghafoor said the
international community acknowledged the significant contributions
of Pakistan in the fight against terrorism.
He said no country in the world has fought terrorism as
was done by Pakistan. “Conditions in Pakistan make it evident that
we countered terrorism effectively.”
He said youth of Pakistan belonged to everybody and everyone,
including parents, had to play their role and keep an eye on their
children.
Responding to a question, he said Tehreek-i-Taliban Pakistan
(TTP) was a physical threat but ISIS was targetting minds of the
youth with the Internet technology.
He urged the media to run awareness campaigns to keep the
youth away from militant outfits.
To a question about DawnLeaks, he referred to the Interior
Minister's announcement that the report would be made public in
three to four days.
He said according to the terms of board of inquiry, there was
no mention of building consensus. Those responsible for DawnLeaks
would be dealt according to law, he added.
To another question, he said the RUF was an operation for
maintaining peace and it had nothing to do with politics.
Changes are being made to the financial support available to families, enabling more parents to go out to work.
Tax-Free Childcare is a new scheme from HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC) due to be phased in from “early 2017”.
Affecting around two million UK households, it will offer working families 20 per cent support towards qualifying childcare costs.
However, anyone using the Employer Supported Childcare Scheme, sometimes also known as the Childcare Voucher Scheme, will be able to continue to do so
As well as full-time employees working for an employer, for the first time, the scheme will cover the self employed, part time workers, those on maternity, paternity or adoption leave, and anyone starting their own business.
Courtesy of HMRC, here's ten things to know about the scheme:
1. You'll be able to open an online account
You'll be able to open an online account, which you can pay into to cover the cost of childcare with a registered provider. This will be done through the government website, GOV.UK.
Tax-Free Childcare will be launched from early 2017. The scheme will be rolled out gradually to families, with parents of the youngest children able to apply first.
You'll be able to apply for all your children at the same time, when your youngest child becomes eligible. All eligible parents will be able to join the scheme by the end of 2017.
2. For every 80p you or someone else pays in, the government will top up an extra 20p
This is equivalent of the tax most people pay - 20% - which gives the scheme its name, ‘tax-free'. The government will top up the account with 20% of childcare costs up to a total of £10,000 - the equivalent of up to £2,000 support per child per year (or £4,000 for disabled children).
3. The scheme will be available for children up to the age of 12
It will also be available for children with disabilities up to the age of 17, as their childcare costs can stay high throughout their teenage years.
4. To qualify, parents will have to be in work, and each earning at least £115 a week and not more than £100,000 each per year
The scheme is designed to be flexible for parents if, for example, they want to get back to work after the birth of a child or work part-time.
5. Any eligible working family can use the Tax-Free Childcare scheme - it doesn't rely on employers offering it
Tax-Free Childcare doesn't rely on employers offering the scheme, unlike the current scheme Employer-Supported Childcare. Any working family can use Tax-Free Childcare, provided they meet the eligibility requirements.
6. The scheme will be available for parents who are self-employed
Self-employed parents will be able to get support with childcare costs in Tax-Free Childcare, unlike the current scheme (Employer-Supported Childcare) which is not available to self-employed parents. To support newly self-employed parents, the government is introducing a ‘start-up' period. During this, self-employed parents won't have to earn the minimum income level.
The scheme will be available to parents on paid sick leave and paid and unpaid statutory maternity, paternity and adoption leave.
7. If you currently receive Employer-Supported Childcare then you can continue to do so
You do not have to switch to Tax-Free Childcare if you do not wish to. Employer-Supported Childcare will continue to run. The current scheme will remain open to new entrants until April 2018. Parents already registered by this date will be able to continue using it for as long as their employer offers it.
However, Tax-Free Childcare will be open to more than twice as many parents as Employer-Supported Childcare.
Employers' workplace nurseries won't be affected by the introduction of Tax-Free Childcare.
8. Parents and others can pay money into their childcare account as and when they like
This gives you the flexibility to pay in more in some months, and less at other times. This means you can build up a balance in your account to use at times when you need more childcare than usual, for example, over the summer holidays.
It's also not just the parents who can pay into the account - if grandparents, other family members or employers want to pay in, then they can.
9. The process will be as simple as possible for parents
The process will be as easy as possible for you. For example, you'll re-confirm your circumstances every 3 months using a simple online process; and there will be a simple log-in service where parents can view accounts for all of their children at once.
10. You'll be able to withdraw money from the account if you want to
If your circumstances change or you no longer want to pay into the account, then you'll be able to withdraw the money you have built up. If you do, the government will withdraw its corresponding contribution.
More information will be available ahead of the scheme being introduced so parents making childcare decisions are able to consider all their options.
Photo: Anthony Behar / Sipa USA
By Hayden Wright
The holidays are a time for gathering with friends, family, and — if you're Lady Gaga — the Haus of Gaga. The Joanne singer and her creative team celebrated Christmas with an array of “naughty elf” costumes this weekend. Gaga's sister dressed up as Mrs. Claus and the “Born This Way” hitmaker dubbed herself “Mistress Claus.”
Related: Lady Gaga Sends Prayers to California Wildfire Victims
Wearing long, pointy ears and a green bodysuit, Gaga merged the festive with the provocative. Her squad explored the theme in felt tree costumes, velvet capes and other campy fashions of the North Pole.
“We love you and wish you lots of cheers and no tears!” Gaga captioned the Instagram album. The singer is currently on tour promoting Joanne and preparing for the 2018 release of the film A Star Is Born. It was recently announced that Gaga would use her given name—Stefani Germanotta—in credits for the film.
Gaga wishes you a Merry Christmas and a happy New Year, here:
Are you on the naughty or nice list this year? #holiday #holidayparty #merrychristmas #happyholidays #naughty #nice #ladygaga #gaga A post shared by Lady Gaga (@ladygaga) on Dec 10, 2017 at 9:17pm PST
Happy Holidays from the #HausOfGaga. We love you and wish you lots of cheers and no tears! 🎄🎅🤶 #holiday #ladygaga #gaga #party photo by @alex.j.dolan A post shared by Lady Gaga (@ladygaga) on Dec 10, 2017 at 8:12pm PST
Netflix has inked a multiyear deal with the Obamas for original programming — but the content from the former First Couple will not have any political bias, according to chief content officer Ted Sarandos.
“This is not The Obama Network,” said Sarandos, speaking Tuesday at the Paley Center for Media in New York. “There's no political slant to the programming.”
Sarandos was interviewed journalist Ken Auletta at the event. Noting that the Netflix exec is a Democrat, Auletta asked what he would say to Republicans about Netflix's seeming push to the political left — including the appointment of former Obama adviser Susan Rice to its board.
“Um, wait for the programming,” Sarandos responded.
He said Netflix's deal with Higher Ground Productions, the production shingle formed by Barack and Michelle Obama, is for entertainment programming, including scripted films and TV shows as well as unscripted lifestyle content and docu-series. Netflix officially announced the deal last week.
The Obamas were forming Higher Ground Productions as they were leaving the White House, according to Sarandos, who added, “I didn't want to see them go anywhere else because I think they'll be great at it.”
Related Netflix's Ted Sarandos on the Streamers' Cannes Film Festival Debut ‘13 Reasons Why' Season 2 Premiere Drew 6 Million U.S. Viewers in First Three Days, Nielsen Says
That said, Sarandos allowed that “it's hard to argue that there's not a left lean to the creative community.” But he insisted that the original content Netflix greenlights and distributes is “an aggregation of all those storytellers,” not reflecting “the politics of me” or Netflix chairman and CEO Reed Hastings.
Sarandos in particular has a close relationship with the Obamas. His wife, Nicole Avant, served as U.S. ambassador to the Bahamas in President Obama's first term in office.
The rest of Sarandos' discussion with Auletta covered topics he's addressed before. Netflix will spend up to $8 billion on content in 2018, and 85% of that is going toward originals, a figure Sarandos cited at an investment conference earlier this month. He noted that Netflix's “originals” include TV shows that have aired in other countries which the company licenses for global distribution.
Sarandos also explained, once again, that Netflix does not release viewing metrics because it's not an ad-supported network. Netflix doesn't need to have an instant hit, he averred, arguing that the release of TV ratings puts pressure on a show's creators early in its life cycle.
“We have many shows that don't work the first weekend, or first week, or first month,” Sarandos said. But over time, “they grow and grow and grow.”
Netflix produces and acquires content for 2,000 different “taste clusters” of people who subscribe to the service, according to Sarandos. A successful content investment for Netflix prompts some portion of its subscriber base to sign up or keeping paying, but what resonates with one cluster “may not work for you,” he said.
Sarandos also reiterated Netflix's position that collapsing movie-release windows is a more economically efficient model for the film business. “I put 33 movies in the theaters last year – more than any other studio,” he boasted, although of course most of those were smaller-budget films. Netflix is targeting the release of 80 original films this year, which Sarandos previously has said range from “sub-indie” low-budget pictures to “$100 million blockbusters.”
Gold prices dipped on Wednesday, May 30, as a robust U.S. dollar weighed on the market, but concerns about political turmoil in Italy and Sino-U.S. trade conflict limited losses.
Spot gold was 0.2 percent lower at $1,296 per ounce. U.S. gold futures for June delivery were down 0.3percent at $1,295.40 per ounce.
“The stronger dollar is the most significant headwind,” said Stephen Innes, APAC trading head at OANDA. “With the yellow metal's sensitivity to the U.S. dollar on full display, it is unlikely gold will move significantly higher until we reach the EU ‘Crisis Zone' which we are nowhere near at this stage.”
The dollar index , which measures the greenback against a basket of six major currencies, hovered near its 6-1/2 month peak touched in the previous session.
Investors fear that repeat elections in Italy – which could come as soon as July – May become a de-facto referendum on Italian membership of the currency bloc and the country's role in the European Union.
“People are really worried about what's happening in Europe and the U.S.-China trade tensions … we also see U.S. bond yields drop,” said Richard Xu, a fund manager at HuaAn Gold, China's biggest gold exchange-traded fund. U.S. benchmark 10-year Treasury yields on Tuesday registered their largest one-day drop since Brexit nearly two years ago.
Buffett's investing basics. Warren Buffett outlines the main investment principles he practices.
Learn More
Holdings of SPDR Gold Trust , the world's largest gold-backed exchange-traded fund, rose 0.35 percent to 851.45 tonnes on Tuesday.
In other precious metals, spot silver was down 0.6 percent at $16.28 an ounce. Platinum fell 0.4 percent to $900.45 an ounce, while palladium was 0.2-percent lower at $977.31.
Letter: Dismantle the FAA's involvement in medical certification?
By Jim Posner, Poulsbo, Wash. I have long thought that the FAA should NOT be in the medical certification business, at least for Part 91 operations. Ever since my denial – despite letters from my doctors specifically stating that I am good to go – I have tried to understand why they should consider themselves more qualified to determine my fitness to fly than my own experts.
Lee urges govt to make hearing screening for newborns mandatory
New Delhi, May 30 (PTI) Wearing a different hat, former Australia cricketer Brett Lee today said "everybody deserves to hear the sounds of life", and urged the Indian government to make hearing screening for newborn babies mandatory.
The fast bowler, who is now Cochlear's Global Hearing Ambassador, was in the city's Sir Ganga Ram Hospital to raise awareness about Universal Newborn Hearing Screening (UNHS).
"I am super proud to be here today, I have always said that when you speak about doctors it's like cricket thing, the doctors might be the captains, the physicians might be the fast bowlers, the speech therapist might be the all-rounders.
"We are all doing a job to try to benefit these children. Well done to the hospital, they have done the hard work. We have seen so many Cochlear implants," Lee said.
Lee is actively involved in raising awareness about hearing screening for newborn babies, more so after his son suffered a temporary hearing loss some time ago.
"One of my proudest moments is not playing sports but what has been achieved here (children with ear implants singing). It's purely a miracle and you guys must be so proud of what you have achieved and your team has achieved."
Lee asked a girl with an implant to sing for him, and she performed the iconic Bollywood song 'Chhodo kal ki baatein' for him.
Speaking at a media briefing before this event, Lee said, "I want to use this platform to draw attention to the growing incidence of profound hearing loss, because I strongly believe that everybody deserves to hear the sounds of life.
"No one in this world deserves to live in silence. People should know that hearing loss is treatable and that it should not prevent a person from leading an active, full life. Universal Newborn Hearing Screening (UNHS) can help address these issues early in life."
Leading surgeons and experts from the city Shalabh Sharma (ENT Consultant Surgeon, SGRH), and Asha Agarwal (Cochlear implant consultant) joined Lee to talk about hearing related issues.
Earlier, dressed in a morning grey T-shirt, the Aussie pacer looked anxious as the doctors conducted a hearing test on a two and a half hour old baby.
Lee said raising awareness for hearing impairment resonates with him.
"My son had a fall when he was about five years old. Most of his hearing in the right ear disappeared. We had a hearing test and his range went from the normal range right down to the bottom of the lower rank."
Concerned about his son's well being, Lee started looking at different ways to raise a child with a hearing disability.
"He had to sit in the front of the class, close to the teacher with his left ear facing forward. Lucky for him that it was a compressed nerve and his hearing came back naturally," the speedster said
JALALABAD (Pajhwok): Officials at the customs department in the border town of Torkham in eastern Nangarhar province on Wednesday went on strike which they said would continue until their demands were accepted. The protesting officials said...
1:08
St. Patrick's Day cocktails: How to make an Irish Car Bomb
4:40
From Truman to Trump: Billy Graham's relationships with presidents
1:32
Amazon is getting out of the DVD rental business with the closure of Lovefilm, the so-called “Netflix of Europe” that Amazon bought in 2011 for a reported $312 million valuation. The company, which operates in the U.K. and Germany, is a subscription service that lets consumers rent DVDs that are sent out by mail – similar to Netflix's original business model before it became the streaming powerhouse it is today.
According to Amazon, however, DVD rentals by mail are no longer in demand.
“Over the last few years we've seen a decreasing demand for Blu-ray and DVD rental as customers increasingly move to streaming,” Amazon explained in an announcement posted to its website, detailing Lovefilm's closure.
The company says it will shut down the “Lovefilm By Post” service on October 31, 2017, as a result. Customers won't be billed for the last month, either, Amazon says.
The company also points to Amazon Prime Video as an alternative going forward, and even offers Lovefilm subscribers a £15 discount on a new Fire TV Stick, taking it down to £24.99. (A code that provides the discount is emailed during checkout from the page at amazon.co.uk/firetvstick.)
Amazon is planning to transition Lovefilm's staff – there are around 50 people there, Variety reports – to new roles at the company, instead of letting them go.
It's not surprising that Lovefilm By Post is shutting down. Streaming is rapidly eating away at the number of customers interested in “renting” movies by mail.
Though Netflix, too, still operates a DVD business, its numbers are dropping. There are some 4 million+ DVD customers left, and they even have their own app for managing their rental queue. But it's streaming that's seeing growth – with Netflix beating industry expectations for the last two quarters, adding 5.2 million new customers in the last quarter, typically its weakest. The company now expects 108.3 million subscribers by the end of the current quarter in September.
Amazon's Lovefilm does not share its numbers, but at its peak it had some 3 million subscribers across both its DVD business and streaming arm, Lovefilm Instant – which was integrated into Amazon Prime Video several years back.
Image credit: Wikimedia
South Korea's foreign ministry on Tuesday called on Japan to refrain from fanning security concerns on the Korean Peninsula, one day after Prime Minister Shinzo Abe mentioned a contingency plan in the event of a conflict in Korea.
In a parliamentary committee session on Monday, Abe said his government is working on contingency plans for a crisis situation on the peninsula, referring to a potential influx of Korean refugees into Japan.
A Japanese newspaper's report on the possibility of U.S. attack on North Korea. (Yonhap)
"We are envisioning a series of measures, consisting of landing procedures for refugees after they are picked up, the construction and operation of shelters and screenings to determine whether or not we should give them asylum," Japan's Kyodo News quoted Abe as saying in the meeting.He also said the government is looking into whether preparation measures on the evacuation of Japanese nationals from South Korea would be necessary in the event of a crisis."We are aware of the press report," Cho June-hyuck, spokesman at South Korea's Ministry of Foreign Affairs, said in a press briefing, upon being asked about Abe's remarks."We think that there's a need to refrain from making remarks that could cause misunderstandings by supposing a hypothetical situation with regard to the latest condition of the Korean Peninsula or that could negatively impact the peace and security of the peninsula," Cho said.South Korea has recently witnessed a surge of mobile messenger-circulated rumors about a war with North Korea in April, a phenomenon which followed talk of the United States' potential pre-emptive strike on the communist regime. South Korean officials repeatedly dismissed the rumors as "groundless" and said any US action on the peninsula will only be taken after consultations with Seoul.Even before the rumors of a crisis emerged, Japan has been generally interested in the issue of a Japanese evacuation in the event of an emergency in South Korea, Cho said, indicating that Abe's remarks do not particularly refer to the current security condition here. (Yonhap)
(Adds details)
AMSTERDAM, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Dutch gas producer NAM said on Friday it had halted all production at the Loppersum site in the Groningen field following an earthquake in the region last month.
Economy minister Eric Wiebes instructed NAM on Thursday to halt production at the five production points which form the Loppersum site to limit seismic risks, following recommendations by the Dutch gas sector regulator.
Production at the five Loppersum clusters was already limited to around 1 billion cubic metres (bcm) per year, in an effort to reduce the number of earthquakes caused by decades of gas extraction.
Fluctuations in the production at Loppersum, however, were marked by the regulator as a possible cause for the strongest earthquake in years that hit on Jan. 8.
That 3.4 magnitude tremor led the government to look for ways to further limit Groningen production, after already cutting it by 60 percent from a 2013 peak following a string of earthquakes caused by decades of extraction.
Wiebes on Thursday said he would follow the regulator's advise to cut production to 12 billion cubic metres (bcm) per year, from the current cap of 21.6 bcm, as quickly as possible.
Reducing production to that level could take several years, as many Dutch households and factories still depend on gas from the Groningen field. (Reporting by Bart Meijer; editing by Jason Neely and David Evans)
Islamabad
The Securities and Exchange Commission of Pakistan (SECP) has issued additional FAQs to Listed Companies (Code of Corporate Governance) 2017 (“the Regulations”). The aforesaid FAQs have been placed on website of the SECP.
The Regulations, issued in November 2017, are effective from January 01, 2018 thereby replacing the Code of Corporate Governance 2012 (Code). For facilitation of stakeholders, certain matters in particular relating to term of independent directors, eligibility for appointment of CFO/ head of internal audit, criteria for institutions desirous of holding Directors' training program were explained by issuing FAQs in December 2017. The said FAQs were well received by stakeholders.
After the effective date of Regulations, in view of certain practical issues and during interaction with stakeholders, SECP was requested for clarity on certain matters effecting compliance and disclosure under the Regulations. SECP has now issued certain additional FAQs pertaining to mode of participation of directors in general meeting, matters effecting disclosures in statement of compliance with the Regulations and election of independent directors.
Through the additional FAQs, SECP clarifies that foreign directors can attend general meeting through video-conferencing. Recognizing the fact that applicability of two set of laws i.e. Code 2012 and the Regulations in same financial year might affect the disclosure understatement of compliance by Board, such companies are allowed to follow either of the statements of compliance while giving additional disclosure for clarity.
Moreover, the most persistent query regarding election of independent director has been elaborately explained in light of the requirements of Act.
Emphasis has been made on relevant disclosure in statement of material facts in notice of election of directors for information of members and role of chairman to ensure that mandatory requirement of electing independent director/s is aptly communicated to members and that specific slot/s for independent directors is not be filled-up by unqualified nominees.
It is viewed that FAQs shall provide ease in understanding the context of Regulations and relevant clauses of the Companies Act, 2017. SECP believes that the responsibility of governance rests with the Company, therefore it is expected that companies adopt inclusive approach towards the Regulation in line with best practices in corporate governance.—INP
In Spring 2016, The Mountain Goats dropped an Ozzy Osbourne-themed song called “Going Back to California”. The track's release came after fans heeded frontman John Darnielle's call to donate money to his bowling team, which was competing to benefit the Carolina Abortion Fund. At the time, the singer-songwriter also said the band had even more Osbourne-related material squirreled away, to be released at a later date.
That date has finally come now, as The Mountain Goats have released Marsh Witch Visions, a surprise acoustic EP featuring four songs inspired by Osbourne. The collection also includes a demo version of Goths track “Rain in Soho”. In a Facebook post this morning, Darnielle talked about his fundraiser and the creation of the EP:
“Competition was pretty fierce so I thought I'd up the ante by volunteering to open up the vaults a little if we made a good showing. People got out their checkbooks and I was floored. Because 2017 is a double release year for me — book in February, album in May, touring the whole time — it took me most of the year to dig around in the files and get things together but here they are. I'm proud of these songs, which were probably otherwise going to find the written-and-forgotten destiny that I fetishize and romanticize for so many songs no-one will ever hear, and I'm really happy to be able to share them.”
(Read: The Mountain Goats in 10 Songs)
Stream/download Marsh Witch Visions below.
America Ferrera "can't wait to meet" her first child after hosting her baby shower.
The 33-year-old actress and her husband Ryan Piers Williams announced in December that they are expecting their first baby, and America has now lifted the lid on her recent baby shower, revealing her pal Elsa Marie Collins helped to plan the party at Beauty & Essex Los Angeles.
America captioned a series of behind-the-scenes photos of the bash: "No poopie diaper games here. Just dancing, drinking (water for me [smiley face]), and some of the people we love to celebrate the little human we can't wait to meet [sic]"
America's star-studded guest list included the likes of Ana Ortiz and Mark Indelicato, both of whom starred alongside her on 'Ugly Betty'.
The actress also invited some of her co-stars from her NBC comedy series 'Superstore', including the likes of Ben Feldman, Kelly Stables, Nichole Bloom, Colton Dunn and Lauren Ash.
Her post continued: "@beautyessexla was a gorgeous place to celebrate ([pointing emoji] not being paid to say that). And get you an amazing friend like @elsamariecollins who always shows up for you and throws the best parties! (sic)"
Meanwhile, America recently revealed she doesn't want to name her baby after "a land mass or an idea".
America doesn't know the sex of her child, but she's already decided that she wants to give her son or daughter a normal moniker because she doesn't want the youngster to face criticism - like she did - while growing up.
She said: "I don't want my child to be named after a land mass or idea.
"I love my name now but growing up with the name America is not easy. I don't want to put that on my child because I know what that feels like so I'm going to go with something that is more a name."
ATLANTA (AP)  UPS suspects that one of its pilots obtained secret business plans for its aircraft fleet and then posted them online, the shipping giant said in court records.
In a federal lawsuit filed this week, UPS said its strategic plans are highly confidential, and that a PowerPoint presentation containing the trade secrets was created and intended only for senior executives.
"At some point, an unknown UPS pilot wrongfully obtained a copy of the PowerPoint," UPS states in its lawsuit. Then, in late September, "the unknown UPS pilot posted statements on an online discussion forum about UPS' confidential strategic plans regarding its aircraft."
Now, the company is taking steps to identify whoever was responsible for posting the strategic plans on an internet message board frequented by pilots.
Advertisement
A judge this week gave the company permission to subpoena records from Yahoo Holdings Inc. for emails from a specific Yahoo.com email address. It's requesting all emails sent to and from the address since Aug. 31.
UPS also plans to subpoena records from the Louisville, Kentucky-based Independent Pilots Association in order to get names, IP addresses and other information about people who made comments about the plans on the union's internet forum. It's also seeking information to identify anyone who clicked on a link to view the information.
Separately, the company is also seeking information about people who posted on another internet site, airlinepilotcentral.com , with the user names "Commando," ''UPSet," and "nightrider," court records state.
The company filed the lawsuit in order to find out who obtained the plans and posted them online, UPS spokesman Steve Gaut said Friday.
"We know for certain that the presentation in question was inappropriately removed from the company," Gaut said. "And we know the information was inappropriately displayed in public internet forums."
No criminal charges have been filed in connection to the case, and Gaut said the company is still trying to gather information before deciding its next steps.
"It could very well lead to criminal charges," he said. "At this point it depends on what we find out."
Anderson eyes Lancashire return to prove fitness ahead of India Test series
London, Jul 4 (PTI) Senior England pacer James Anderson will be aiming to prove his fitness ahead of the five-Test series against India, when he makes a comeback to competitive cricket for Lancashire on July 15.
The 35-year-old seamer, who has snapped 540 wickets in 138 Tests, will play in a second XI match for his county Lancashire after being out of action since June last year due to a longstanding shoulder injury.
He will also play a County Championship match against old rivals Yorkshire in the "Roses match" on July 22.
"England seamer Jimmy Anderson will make his return to competitive cricket for Lancashire second XI in a three-day match against Nottinghamshire at Old Trafford starting on July 15," England and Wales Cricket Board (ECB) said in a statement.
"Anderson, who has not played since the second Test victory over Pakistan on June 3, has spent the past month rehabilitating a long-standing right shoulder injury and returned to bowling working with Lancashire and England staff in the past seven days.
"As part of his plan, before the first Test against India starting on August 1, he will play for Lancashire seconds against Nottinghamshire and the Roses match in the County Championship Division One match against Yorkshire at Old Trafford starting on July 22."
Struggling with the shoulder injury over the past couple of years, Anderson, who scalped nine wickets against Pakistan in England's two Tests, had said he will have to rest the shoulder keeping in mind the upcoming India Test series which has been crammed into a six-week period.
"I just need to get in the gym and get it strong," he said in June.
"The India schedule is ridiculous with five Tests in six weeks and that will put a lot of stress on it."
India will play the first Test of the five-match series at Birmingham starting on August 1
(Reuters Health) - The higher risk of preterm births for women over 40 may not be completely explained by their greater use of reproductive technology or medical interventions like induced labor or planned cesarean deliveries, a Canadian study suggests.
The study confirmed that women over 40 do have the highest risk of preterm births: 7.8 percent of pregnancies in this age group resulted in preterm births and 1 percent ended in extremely premature deliveries. Women age 30 to 34 had the lowest risk: 5.7 percent of pregnancies involved preterm deliveries and 0.6 percent resulted in extremely early arrivals.
Compared with women age 30 to 34, the over-40 mothers were 14 percent more likely to have a spontaneous preterm delivery and 31 percent more likely to have early deliveries because of labor induction, cesarean births or other interventions. This offers fresh evidence that age is an independent risk factor for preterm births, researchers conclude in PLoS One.
“A common hypothesis is that the increased risk of preterm birth among aged mothers is largely explained by early labor induction for medical conditions,” said Dr. Antonio Simone Lagana of the Filippo Del Ponte Hospital and the University of Insubria in Varese, Italy.
“However, this study found that advanced maternal age (40 years and over) was associated with an increased risk of preterm birth even after adjustment for known confounders, such as placenta previa, gestational diabetes, medical history, use of assisted reproduction technologies and occurrence of invasive procedures that are all more common in older mothers,” Lagana, who wasn't involved in the study, said by email.
The oldest mothers in the study had a higher risk of going into early labor on their own and also of having a premature delivery induced for medical reasons. This suggests that not all of the increased risk of premature deliveries can be explained by decisions doctors make in the delivery room, said Dr. Alice Goisis of the London School of Economics.
“The association cannot be entirely attributed to medical interventions alone,” Goisis, who wasn't involved in the study, said by email.
In the weeks immediately after birth, preemies often have difficulty breathing and digesting food. They can also encounter longer-term challenges such as impaired vision, hearing and cognitive skills, as well as social and behavioral problems.
Pregnancy normally lasts about 40 weeks, and babies born after 37 weeks are considered full term. The study focused on preterm babies delivered during weeks 32 to 36 of pregnancy, as well as on extremely premature infants delivered before 32 weeks' gestation.
The study by Dr. Florent Fuchs of CHU Sainte Justine in Montreal and colleagues examined data on 184,000 births in 32 hospitals in Quebec, Canada. Fuchs didn't respond to emails seeking comment.
Women over 40 in the study were more likely to have many risk factors for prematurity such as obesity, pregnancy-related diabetes or high blood pressure, and a complication known as placenta previa, when the placenta nourishing the baby separates from the uterine wall.
One limitation of the study is that data on weight was missing for 28 percent of participants. Researchers also lacked data on several factors that can influence the chances of a preterm birth including socioeconomic status.
Even so, the results add to the evidence that advanced maternal age can make a preterm birth more likely, said Dr. Ali Khashan of the School of Public Health and INFANT Center at University College Cork in Ireland.
But all women, including older women, can take steps to reduce their odds of a preterm birth, Khashan, who wasn't involved in the study, said by email.
“Women who are planning pregnancy, especially after age 40, should optimize their health pre-pregnancy, maintain a healthy weight, and engage with health services early in pregnancy,” Khashan advised.
SOURCE: bit.ly/2BQMA03 PLoS One, online January 31, 2018.
I have to be really honest with you.
As passionate and driven a journalist as I am, if given the assignment to cover Trump and his whacked-out administration, I absolutely couldn't do it. I'm too angry about how incompetently our great country is being run and how our mealymouthed president has the audacity to characterize the press corps as “the enemy of the American people.”
Nope, I could not be objective in reporting on the absurd reality show playing out in the Trump presidency, and impartiality is what our profession demands. If Trump dared to attack me or any outlet I was representing as “fake news,” I would, well … lose it.
I've never taken well to being bullied. Just ask any of the industry's biggest offenders, like Harvey Weinstein. I fight back. That's not to say that the exceptional reporters covering the White House would ever allow themselves to be pushed around by this president.
There is no collection of comrades for whom I have more respect than the correspondents whose unenviable job it is to report on the absolute lunacy of a thin-skinned, Twitter-crazed president who acts like a five-year-old throwing sand in the eyes of the press and other individuals — including those in his own administration.
Related Andrew Garfield on Trump and Gun Control: 'We're in the Darkest of Dark' Trump Wages War on the Press, but Was Obama Much Better to Reporters? (Guest Column)
For this week's magazine, our D.C.-based political editor, Ted Johnson, interviewed a number of intrepid reporters, including Jim Acosta, CNN's chief White House correspondent; April Ryan, CNN contributor and longtime reporter for American Urban Radio Networks; and Ashley Parker, Pulitzer Prize-winning reporter for The Washington Post, to give their insights into being in the trenches.
The three concur: Never in the history of the presidency have the tensions between the press corps and the White House been more contentious or more fraught.
“There is that natural tension that exists between the press and the people we're covering, but it was never like this,” says Acosta. “We are all trying to make sense of and figure out: How do you cover the news in this kind of toxic environment?”
I stand in awe of the Acostas, Ryans and Parkers of the world, who are carrying the torch for journalists like me who could not possibly do their job.
SINGAPORE (Reuters) - South Korean messaging app service provider Kakao Corp is aiming to acquire global content providers in Japan and the United States after successfully raising $1 billion from foreign investors, a senior company executive said.
“Games are a very important sector of Kakao. So we are thinking of M&A for these sectors - content and platforms. Japan and the United States are our primary targets,” Bae Jae-hyun, an executive vice president at Kakao, told Reuters on Friday.
He was speaking after the company behind South Korea's dominant messaging app Kakao Talk, which has about 49 million users, listed its global depository receipts on the Singapore Exchange.
“If you see our portfolio, we have many verticals in Kakao group. Some of them are music, web literature and video on demand,” Bae said.
Kakao could spend more than 70 percent of the money raised from GDRs on M&A and acquire companies this year and in early 2019, he said.
The company, which counts an affiliate of China's Tencent Holdings among its investors, is seeking to diversify and reduce its reliance on its messaging app, which has come under pressure from rivals such as Naver Corp.
“Messaging itself is not a cash cow ... Under the messaging platform, we are creating many businesses,” Bae said.
Kakao has expanded its business beyond its app to co-developing artificial intelligence technology with companies such as Hyundai Motor, taxi and ride hailing, e-books and other services.
“We expanded to Indonesia and we are aiming to go into the Japan market, which is huge in Asia. And we are also thinking of China and East Asia and the United States,” Bae said.
The Iowa State Patrol is reporting troopers are seeing more motorists who are traveling 20 to 30 miles-an-hour over posted speed limits. Patrol Sergeant Nathan Ludwig has a few ideas about why these drivers are taking such risks.
“I think cars are faster and people, just bottom line, they're in a hurry. So, they want to push the pedal as fast as they can go and see if they're going to get caught or not,” Ludwig says. There are fewer troopers monitoring Iowa's roadways than there were many years ago, but Ludwig says there are many ways for the patrol to spot speeding motorists.
“One of the things we try to utilize a lot more is aircraft for speed enforcement,” Ludwig says. Other motorists, who are obeying the speed limit, can also help the patrol track down extreme speeders.
“Safely call 911, that's probably the best thing, because they're a risk to everyone else out there that's on interstate,” Ludwig says. “We get broadcasts all the time on the police radio about a vehicle traveling at a high rate of speed and if there's an officer in the area, we'll try to get that person stopped.”
Last week, the Iowa State Patrol posted a photo on its Facebook page showing a vehicle was clocked at 102 miles-an-hour on Interstate 80 near Des Moines. Here's the Facebook message that went with the above photo:
Des Moines. Early this morning, a State Trooper stopped a vehicle at a high rate of speed on Interstate 80 in Polk County. Just how important is time to a driver? For a vehicle traveling at 102 mph, it would take 35 seconds to travel one mile. At the speed limit of 70 mph, it would take a vehicle 51 seconds to travel the same distance. Is a $276.00 fine and potential loss of license really worth 16 seconds of your time? Please slow down!
Tony Windsor says Barnaby Joyce will now be the lead in Malcolm Turnbull's saddlebags. (AAP)
Former independent MP Tony Windsor says Barnaby Joyce is going to become lead in Malcolm Turnbull's saddlebags.
Malcolm Turnbull will face community pressure over why Barnaby Joyce is not stepping aside from the ministry, former MP Tony Windsor says.
The deputy prime minister has been referred to the High Court to test whether his New Zealand citizenship by descent makes him ineligible to sit in parliament.
Mr Windsor, who previously held the seat of New England and was beaten by Mr Joyce at the 2016 election, said the community would soon question why his successor was not stepping aside from cabinet as his former ministerial colleague Matt Canavan did in similar circumstances last month.
Senator Canavan is also facing a High Court hearing over his Italian citizenship which was obtained by his mother without his knowledge.
"The question that will evolve very quickly is what's the difference between (Mr Joyce) and others - there is no difference," Mr Windsor told AAP on Monday.
"If he sits there, I think it's a bigger problem for Turnbull."
Attorney-General George Brandis told parliament, in answer to a Labor question, Senator Canavan had "decided that he would prefer to stand down" based on his "understanding of the facts".
"The facts of Mr Joyce's case ... are much clearer to us than were the facts as known to Senator Canavan at the time he made his decision," Senator Brandis said.
"On the basis of those known facts and clear solicitor-general advice, the government does not consider that there is sufficient reason for Mr Joyce to step down."
He said there was "no compulsion" for Senator Canavan, who has also decided not to vote in parliament, to stand aside.
Mr Windsor said he would not rule out another tilt at Mr Joyce's seat, mainly because he claims the Turnbull government had botched so many policies close to his heart: the national broadband network, climate, schools funding and water.
"I think Turnbull is terminal - you've only got to look at his face. He's aged, he's not enjoying it. I feel for him a bit," Mr Windsor said.
Felons arrested after guns, drugs and pills seized during traffic stop: KCSO
John Harrison Hunt/KCSO
Corey Van Norris/KCSO
KERSHAW COUNTY, S.C. – Two men with lengthly criminal histories are behind bars after authorities with the Kershaw County Sheriff's Office say a routine traffic stop yielded a stolen gun and drugs.
Corey Norris, 36 and John Hunt, 29, were traveling in a Chevrolet Equinox during the early morning hours of April 23, when a deputy spotted the butt of a handgun, authorities say.
Following a consent to search, deputies say two more handguns were found as well as 25 grams of methamphetamine, a small quantity of marijuana and an assortment of pills.
Deputies say Norris was driving under a suspended license and was a convicted felon as was unable to lawfully possess a firearm.
Hunt claimed ownership of the two of the handguns and all of the drugs, deputies say.
They are being held at the Kershaw County Detention Center awaiting a bond hearing.
The fourth-ranked Thomas, the PGA Tour player of the year after winning five times last season, birdied the first six holes to take the lead. But instead of making a run at his second sub-60 round in a little over a year, Thomas had to fight for an even-par 71 that left him eight shots back. He dropped six strokes in a three-hole stretch, making a bogey on the par-4 14th, a triple bogey on the par-5 15th and a double bogey on the rowdy par-3 16th. On Thursday in the first round, he had a double bogey on 16 and a bogey on 17.
“I really made some good swings coming in,” Fowler said. “I just wasn't getting the ball close enough and finally on the last few there I was able to get some good looks.”
Fowler shot a 4-under 67 on Saturday to reach 14-under 199 with a round left at TPC Scottsdale's Stadium Course, the fan-friendly layout packed with an estimated 216,818 fans on an 80-degree afternoon.
Justin Thomas went the other way, wasting a brilliant opening run with another late meltdown.
SCOTTSDALE, ARIZ.—Rickie Fowler birdied the last three holes to take the lead in the Waste Management Phoenix Open, overcoming a sluggish start in front of the largest crowd in golf history.
“It means a lot to me,” Mickelson said. “It's very helpful and very important to my success. I think it's been a big instrument in allowing me to get into the round and play and have fun and get out of the technical side.”
Former Arizona State players Jon Rahm and Chez Reavie were a stroke back along with Bryson DeChambeau. Phil Mickelson was two shots behind, another former Sun Devils star riding the crowd support.
Thomas left the course without speaking to the media.
The crowd pushed the week total to 654,906, just short of the record of 655,434 set last year.
Fowler is trying to finally win in the desert. He finished a shot behind Hunter Mahan in 2010, lost to Hideki Matsuyama on the fourth extra hole in 2016, and tied for fourth last year.
“It's just a matter of time,” Fowler said. “It would just be nice if it was sooner rather than later.”
The four-time tour winner began his birdie run with a 17-footer on 16 and connected from 9 feet on the par-4 17th and 18th holes. He also birdied 13 after playing the first 12 in even par with a birdie and a bogey.
“I just kind of had to fight through it,” Fowler said. “The swing was just a fraction off. It wasn't bad, still made some good swings out there, but just had to try and get the ball in the short grass, get some looks and try not to make many mistakes.”
Rahm had a 65, playing alongside Mickelson and Schauffele for the third straight day. The 23-year-old Spaniard had five birdies in a seven-hole stretch on the back nine. He won two weeks ago in the California desert at La Quinta to jump to No. 2 in the world.
“I hit the ball really well off the tee, gave myself a lot of opportunities,” Rahm said. “But the main key today was my iron play. My game was a lot more accurate than the first few days and thanks to that I had a couple better birdie chances and a couple more went in.”
Reavie birdied the final two holes for a 67.
“To win tournaments out here is great, but to win one that you grew up going to would be very special,” Reavie said. “For me, this is a fifth major.”
DeChambeau shot 68. He lost the lead with a bogey on 17 after driving into the water.
“Tempo and rhythm,” DeChambeau said. “If I can control that and control my golf swing like I have been the past three days I think that I'll be fine.”
Mickelson birdied the final two holes for a 66. He's making his record-tying 29th start in the event he won in 1996, 2005 and 2013.
“If you look at it, it looks like a very simple, solid bogey-free round, 5 under,” Mickelson said. “It was anything but that. I made some really nice up-and-downs to keep the round going and when I did hit some good tee shots and hit some good shots into the fairway I was able to get aggressive and make some birdies.”
Xander Schauffele and Daniel Berger also were 12 under. Schauffele shot 66, and Berger had a 68.
Ben Silverman (70) of Thornhill and Adam Hadwin (74) of Abbotsford, B.C., were the low Canadians at 4 under. Abbotsford's Nick Taylor (73) is even.
“I'm getting the full experience playing with Phil and Jon,” Schauffele said. “Especially when all of us are playing well.”
Fowler is wearing a pin on his hat with a picture of Griffin Connell, the area boy he befriended at the event who died last week at age 7. Griffin was born with a rare airway disorder.
“We actually had a ball go a little left on 11 today and we joked about it that Griffin took one in the chest and kept it out for us,” Fowler said.
They're both larger than life men with obscenely large egos. And on Monday, when Arnold Schwarzenegger takes the helm of the (slightly renamed) New Celebrity Apprentice, he'll be taking the place of Donald Trump as the reality show's host. Trump has moved on to, well, a slightly more high-profile platform, though he still gets credited as a producer on his old show. This season features used-to-be-more-famous “celebrities” including Carnie Wilson, Boy George, Jon Lovitz and Nicole “Snooki” Polizzi.So what else do Ah-nold and The Donald have in common? And how do they contrast? Let us count the ways.CATCHPHRASEArticle Continued BelowArnold: “I'll be back,” delivered in Austrian-accented monotone, is Schwarzenegger's most famous one-liner from his Terminator days. What will he tell the celebrity apprentices who disappoint him? We're betting on “Don't be back.”Donald: Trump would end each episode of The Apprentice by saying “You're fired” to one of the contestants, a look of disdain in his eyes. As a presidential candidate he established so many other Trumpisms: “Bigly,” “Yuge,” “Loser” and “Wrong!” POLITICS
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
After rumors swirled about the future of University of Hawaii offensive line coach Chris Naeole's Thursday, the five-year veteran coach resigned Friday afternoon citing philosophical differences in discipline.
Naeole released this statement through his lawyer Richard Wurdeman Friday afternoon:
I'd like to thank the University of Hawaii at Manoa and the people of our state, for not only allowing me to serve, but also in supporting me as a member of the Rainbow Warriors coaching staff over the last four and one-half years. In my heart, I believe I served the program and student-athletes to the best of my ability, and with the same work ethic, desire, and passion to excel that pushed me at all levels of my playing career. However, due to certain philosophical differences with the handling of disciplinary matters in the program, I've offered my resignation as the offensive line coach. I have always believed in the integrity and principles of what our community and the University stands for and those same beliefs are what I have always tried to instill in my players. I have expressed my thoughts with the coaching staff and the Athletic Department, and I know the same holds true with many of the other dedicated coaches throughout the entire University of Hawaii athletic ohana. I will miss the fans, the support staff, and the faculty who have been so supportive of the program, as well as the young men I've had the privilege and honor of coaching, teaching, and mentoring at the University of Hawaii. I extend my Aloha and well wishes to a great University, and to all of the people of Hawaii.
Disciplinary issues have plagued the Rainbow Warriors early in the season. Defensive lineman Viane Moala and Samuela Akoteu missed the Wyoming game with suspensions. Defensive end Teva Eldridge was suspended for Wyoming and Colorado State, but is expected to return this week. Also suspended against the Rams were tight end Tui Unga, and wide receivers Kalakaua Timoteo and Davine Tullis. All six players missed action due to violating team rules.
Head coach Nick Rolovich responded to Naeole's resignation Friday afternoon:
I want to thank Chris for his hard work and dedication to our football program. He was critical in holding this program together in the transition from Coach Chow to myself. We wish him well in his future, and we will meet this challenge head on, because that is the Warrior way.
Athletic Director David Matlin also praised Naeole for his work in the program in the statement:
Chris will be missed and he will always be a member of our Rainbow Warrior ʻohana.
Saint Louis graduate and former six-time Pro Bowler Olin Kreutz chimed in on Naeole's resignation via Twitter.
Naeole missed the flight Thursday to Nevada for Hawaii's showdown with the Wolfpack in Reno Saturday, prompting questions about his future while he and head coach Nick Rolovich remained quiet.
For the meantime, Rainbow Warrior graduate assistant John Estes and offensive coordinator Brian Smith will handle the majority of Naeole's duties.
The former 12 year NFL veteran with the Saints and Jaguars was one of only two holdovers from Norm Chow's staff.
Chengannur: Counting of votes for the bypoll to the Chengannur Assembly seat in Kerala is underway on Thursday with CPI-M candidate, Saji Cherian, taking a comfortable lead of over 4,000 votes after counting started for the third round.
In the 2016 assembly polls the Communist Party of India-Marxist candidate, KK Ramachandran Nair, had a lead of only 2,000 votes. The bypoll was necessitated following Nair`s death in January
"The signs are good and victory is becoming clear because I have led in all the 14 booths in the first round which include strongholds of the Congress-led UDF," said Cherian.
"With the trend becoming more and more clear, Cherian appears to be firmly establishing the lead. The CPI-M candidate clearly has an upper hand in the Congress` strongholds," said senior Congress leader Rajmohan Unnithan.
Congress candidate D. Vijayakumar is in the second position followed by the Bharatiya Janata Party's PS Sreedharan Pillai.
"I had told soon after the elections that the Left has purchased votes, and all that can be seen now," said Pillai.
Voting for the seat took place on Monday.
The couple that travels together, stays together. At least, that's what bloggers Jack Morris (@doyoutravel) and Lauren Bullen (@gypsea_lust) teach us every time they post photos from their getaways. You probably remember them—the travel bloggers who had a creepy copycat, does that ring a bell?
Anyhow, we were extra excited to see that the Insta duo spent Valentine's day in the Philippines this year! For more than a week now, they've been documenting our tropical paradise with their usual breathaking shots. Even locals won't be safe from the travel bug after scrolling through their feed! Check out some of their photos below:
IMAGE INSTAGRAM/gypsea_lust
They spent V-day at the beach!
IMAGE INSTAGRAM/gypsea_lust
Lauren ticked this daredevil task off her bucket list, too!
IMAGE INSTAGRAM/gypsea_lust, doyoutravel
IMAGE INSTAGRAM/gypsea_lust, doyoutravel
Check out their matching travel snaps! (Nope, these weren't from their copycat.)
IMAGE INSTAGRAM/doyoutravel
What would paradise be without puppies, right?
IMAGE INSTAGRAM/gypsea_lust
Fruit shopping has never looked this Instaworthy!
IMAGE INSTAGRAM/gypsea_lust
Jack says this waterfall is his favorite hidden gem in the country, and we can definitely see why.
Check out more of their PH travel snaps on their Instagram accounts!
"James T Hodgkinson died after allegedly exchanging gunfire with police at a baseball practice for Republicans in Virginia. Who was he?"
Chicago police shut down southbound Lake Shore Drive from Hollywood Avenue to Fullerton Avenue for nearly three hours early Wednesday morning a murder investigation.A man in his 20s was shot around 3:45 a.m., police said. He was heading south on Lake Shore in a Lexus when another car pulled up next to him near Fullerton. Police said someone inside that car shot him several times.The Lexus crashed into a median. The driver was taken to Illinois Masonic Medical Center, where he was pronounced dead. His identity has not been released. A source said he was a documented gang member.A man and woman were riding in the Lexus. They were not hurt.Officers spent hours along Lake Shore Drive using flashlights to look for evidence. Southbound Lake Shore Drive re-opened around 6:30 a.m.Police have not made any arrests. They have not released any information about the suspect's car.
The Los Angeles Chargers have not selected a quarterback in the NFL draft since taking Brad Sorensen in the seventh round in 2013. With the No. 17 overall pick this year, the Chargers likely will be out of range to take one of the top-tier signal-callers.
However, Chargers general manager Tom Telesco said this year's quarterback group is a deep class.
The Chargers have done their homework, including attending the pro days of top quarterback prospects Sam Darnold, Josh Rosen, Baker Mayfield, Lamar Jackson and Mason Rudolph. But it's not just the top QBs the Chargers keep an eye on. Richmond's Kyle Lauletta and Western Kentucky's Mike White are two mid- to late-round prospects who could make sense for Chargers.
"We scout them all, so we don't just spend all of our time on first-round quarterbacks," Telesco said. "The same amount of time that goes into those first-round guys also goes into those guys that will go in the third, four, fifth or sixth rounds.
"We have them graded, we have them lined up and we have them ranked, not only at their position, but across the board compared to other positions. So there's some decent depth there."
GM Tom Telesco and his staff are preparing for all scenarios ahead of this week's draft. Kyle Terada/USA Today Sports
Telesco acknowledged that the team's approach to molding a quarterback and getting him on the field differs when it's a first-round prospect compared to a late-round signal-caller. And the Chargers already have pretty good depth at the position, with Cardale Jones and Geno Smith competing for the No. 2 job behind franchise quarterback Philip Rivers.
"If you draft a guy late in the draft, No. 1 he has to come in and win a job," Telesco said. "And we've got two pretty good quarterbacks here right now that have some talent in Geno Smith and Cardale Jones. So their first job is to come in and beat somebody out.
"If you take a quarterback in the first round, I think that scenario changes a little bit."
Telesco said at this point in the draft process he and his staff will examine some of the mock drafts just to go through different scenarios that could occur Thursday. Telesco also said the team will assign scouts and coaches two teams each and execute its own mock draft on Tuesday.
"I think we have it narrowed down whom the three or four guys that could be there or should be there, but I do want to go through some of those mocks and just see if there will be a surprise, if there's a possibility," Telesco said.
"And I think it's just a good exercise for us to walk through it, whether the mock is very accurate or not accurate. Those aren't bad either because they force you to see how you would react if something happened, just so you have your bases covered."
Three years ago, the Chargers moved up two spots to No. 15, sending their first- and fourth-round picks in 2015 and fifth-round pick in 2016 to the San Francisco 49ers in order to draft Melvin Gordon. At the time, Telesco said Gordon was the last impact player left on the board in the opening round and the Chargers wanted to make sure to get him.
Sitting at No. 17 again this year, Telesco did not rule out the possibility of a similar scenario happening Thursday.
"You never close the door on going up or down, so it's always a possibility," Telesco said. "So, we could. It just depends on how the draft plays out. We're right in that area. I don't think anybody has 32 players rated as first-round draft picks. But you would never close the door on going up or down, depending on what's on the board."
Telesco said this year's draft leans more toward defense in terms of talent and that his staff now has a better idea of how players fit into defensive coordinator Gus Bradley's scheme after a year of watching players on that side of the ball in practice and games.
"With Coach [Anthony] Lynn, I really felt last year I had a great idea of what he was looking for," Telesco said. "So this year doesn't feel any different in regards to that. He has a pretty big say -- and obviously he should -- in what we're doing.
"But probably on defense this year, with seeing the scheme for a full year on the practice field and in the games, I think we all have a better feel for what exactly Gus is looking for on that side of the ball."
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Scranton Prep boys and Dunmore girls remain at the top.
After both teams captured their respective Lynett Tournament championships over the holiday break, they remain the No. 1 teams in The Times-Tribune High School Basketball polls.
Scranton Prep is 6-1 on the season and won its 20th Lynett banner in its history and fourth in a row. The Cavaliers have been No. 1 in every poll this season and will open Lackawanna League Division I play against Scranton, its opponent in the Lynett final in a matchup of ranked teams.
Scranton, despite its loss to the Cavaliers, checks in at No. 5.
Abington Heights defeated a pair of teams from outside the area — Berks Catholic and Methacton — to improve to 8-1 in its nonleague schedule. The Comets are No. 2 in the poll.
Mid Valley captured its fifth straight Peter Turonis/NBT Bank Holiday Classsic title and remained at No. 3.
West Scranton won the Taylor Lions championship game against Riverside and stayed at No. 4.
North Pocono lost the James Akens championship final and Valley View took third place at the Turonis tournament and both teams did not change their place in the ranking, landing at No. 6 and No. 7.
Honesdale climbed to
No. 8, while two new teams are in this week. Blue Ridge, which won the Susquehanna County Holiday Tournament, returns to the poll and Western Wayne, which won the Forest City Rotary championship and defeated Carbondale Area is in at No. 10.
Girls
Dunmore solidified its grip on the top ranking.
The Lady Bucks remained unbeaten and are now the only Lackawanna League team without a blemish on their record, winning their third Lynett Tournament title in four years with a 44-39 escape over Scranton Prep.
Despite the loss, the Classics picked up ground in the poll, just not enough to overtake No. 2 Holy Cross, which suffered its first defeat in the opening round of the North Pocono tournament.
Wallenpaupack won a trio of games and the Honesdale Jaycees title to stay perched at No. 4, while West Scranton split games, beating Riverside and losing to Nanticoke, third-ranked in the state in Class 4A, in the Taylor Lions Tournament.
Riverside dropped both its games and slid two notched to eighth, passed by Mid Valley, which made the week's biggest jump.
The Spartanettes won the Lou Camoni tourney, edging Carbondale in the final, to move from ninth to sixth with only one loss as league play begins this week.
North Pocono's losses both came to quality foes, including No. 2 Holy Cross, as it stayed put in seventh.
Carbondale's strong showing in the Camoni event helped the Chargerettes return to the top 10 in ninth, while Scranton nearly fell out of the top 10, barely outpointing Blue Ridge for the final spot in this week's poll.
Abington Heights fell out of the poll after a pair of losses.
BOYS
Rec Pts. Last
1. Scranton Prep (7) 6-1 88 1
2. Abington Heights (2) 8-1 83 2
3. Mid Valley 6-1 72 3
4. West Scranton 6-2 63 4
5. Scranton 4-3 54 5
6. North Pocono 5-3 44 6
7. Valley View 6-3 37 7
8. Honesdale 5-3 15 10
9. Blue Ridge 5-2 14 NR
10. Western Wayne 5-3 12 NR
GIRLS TOP 10
GIRLS
Rec Pts. Last
1. Dunmore (9) 7-0 90 1
2. Holy Cross 7-1 78 2
3. Scranton Prep 7-2 75 3
4. Wallenpaupack 7-1 63 4
5. West Scranton 5-3 53 5
6. Mid Valley 6-1 40 9
7. North Pocono 4-4 30 7
8. Riverside 3-4 17 6
9. Carbondale 4-3 14 NR
10. Scranton 3-5 10 8
ALAMEDA, Calif. (AP)  Raiders quarterback Derek Carr was limited for a second consecutive practice Friday and coach Jack Del Rio declined to say what, if any, role Carr will have this weekend against the Baltimore Ravens.
Carr broke a bone in his back late in the third quarter of Oakland's 16-10 loss in Denver this past Sunday. He was initially diagnosed with back spasms but the injury was later revealed to be a transverse process fracture.
Earlier this week, Del Rio indicated that Carr would miss the Baltimore game and possibly up to six weeks but the fourth-year quarterback was cleared for light practice Thursday and Friday and is listed as questionable.
Carr leads a long list of players on the injury list. Del Rio declined to discuss any of them.
Advertisement
"Before you even have to ask, there are a lot of question marks on the injury report and that's what they are," Del Rio said. "I'm not going to really talk about injuries and what we may and may not do or who we may or may not play or when and all that kind of stuff, when we're going to utilize people. Not going to get into all of that.
"We do have a number of people who are questionable. We have time before we tee it up. They'll remain a question mark until we make the final decision."
The Raiders have already named EJ Manuel as the starter for Sunday. The 16th overall pick in 2013, Manuel has started seven games since his rookie season and will be tasked with trying to jump-start an offense that has been held to 10 points in each of the last two weeks.
"I've been in this situation before even when I was in college," Manuel said. "Then when I was in Buffalo, when Tyrod (Taylor) became the starter, still just being ready as the backup. It kind of puts me in familiar territory."
Connor Cook, a fourth-round draft pick in 2016, also is on the roster but has been inactive in each of Oakland's first four games.
The Raiders have been mostly quiet regarding Carr's status this week, although left tackle Donald Penn told reporters Thursday that the quarterback was ahead of schedule in his recovery.
It's conceivable that Carr could suit up for the Ravens game as the team's emergency quarterback, but Del Rio isn't saying.
"We prefer to keep our business in house," Del Rio said.
Cornerback David Amerson has cleared the NFL concussion protocol, according to Del Rio. Like Carr, Amerson was limited in practice and is questionable.
Notes: Right guard Gabe Jackson (foot), cornerback Gareon Conley (shin) and running back DeAndre Washington (hamstring) were limited in practice and are questionable. Jackson had not practiced at all this week.
___
More AP NFL: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
By Francis Ameyibor, GNA
Accra, April 24, GNA – The share price of the nation's foremost indigenous Oil Marketing Company, Ghana Oil Company Limited (GOIL) has taken an upward trajectory as it has moved from GH¢1.1 December 28, 2016 to GHC4.10 as at April 2018.
These indicators, a Stock Market Expert told the Ghana News Agency in an interview on Tuesday ahead of GOIL's 49th Annual General Meeting slated for Wednesday, April 25, that it should spur shareholders on in making more investments in the Company.
Analysis of the downstream market, indicates that GOIL remained the biggest company in the country in terms of market share, as it achieved a market share of about 20 per cent in 2017, up from 18.2 per cent in 2016, and from all indications, the company was on course to achieving the target of 30 per cent market share by the end of year 2020.
The analysis also revealed that the GOIL Group's financial results were impressive as the Group made a net profit of GH¢65.1 million, up by 21 per cent. The Group also increased its earnings per share from GH¢0.137 in 2016 to 0.166 as at the close of 2017.
Meanwhile, Mr Kwamena Bartels, Board Chairman of GOIL has attributed the company's growth to the competency of the Board, Management and Staff, which had been a significant contributory factor to the evolution of the nation's foremost OMC.
He therefore commended all the previous Boards for their hard work, dedication and competent visionary direction, which bequeathed to the current Board, a Company in full health and ready to compete with the best anywhere.
“I will particularly, like to commend the immediate past Board headed by Professor William Asomaning for facilitating a smooth handover to the current Board,” Mr Bartels stated.
Mr Bartels however admitted that it was really exhilarating to manage a homogeneous company that competed well with multinationals in the country.
In spite of these, the year 2017 saw re-engineering of the marketing operations of GOIL in order to beat the competition, technologies were introduced to improve information flow from the retail stations to the Head office and vice versa, he said.
A notice of the GOIL's 49th Annual General Meeting, by the order of the Board issued by the Company Secretary, Nana Ama Kusi-Appouh indicates that the Board was expected to propose a resolution to the shareholders to accept the 2017 accounts as the true and fair view of the state of affairs of the company for the year ended December, 2017 and of its performance for the year then ended.
The Board would also recommend the payment of a dividend of GH¢0.028 per share amounting to GH¢10,972,168.00 for the year ended December 31, 2017; to elect Board of Directors retiring by rotation in accordance with the Companies Act 1963, Act 179 and Regulation 88.
The Board would also propose to the shareholders to authorise the Directors to fix the remuneration of the Auditors in accordance with Section 134 (6a) and Section 134 (11a) of the Companies Act 1963, Act 179.
The Board would also request from members their approval to fix the remuneration of the Auditors, and the Directors.
GNA
Cows must be provided with total comfort throughout their dry period, so as to ensure a successful calving, according to Co Antrim vet Joe O'Donnell.
“This includes the provision of adequately sized cubicles plus ample feed trough and water space.
Roadshow host Andrew Adair loads a new Keenan tub feeder
“Great care must be taken when introducing new animals to a dry cow group, so as to minimise stress levels for all the animals involved.
“At calving, cows should be placed in well bedded pens that are directly adjacent to the dry cow accommodation, again so as to minimise stress.”
Mr O'Donnell was one of the speakers at the recent Spring Dairy Fertility Road Show, held on the Kells dairy farm of James and Andrew Adair. The event was hosted by Keenan and Alltech.
Mr O'Donnell is a member of the professional team with the Caddy veterinary practice in Randalstown. He said that eight week is the optimal dry cow period for a dairy cow.
“Cows should be scanned during mid-pregnancy to ascertain their exact calving date. Simply going by an insemination date is not accurate enough. Increasing numbers of farms are now using heat detection technology to facilitate their breeding programmes.
“Again, this is additional information that can be used to ascertain calving dates, should cows be running with a bull.”
In preparation for the upcoming breeding season, Mr O'Donnell cited a number of management priorities.
“Cows should be achieving high dry matter intakes,” he said.
“Good udder and hoof health are also important. If a cow is off her feet, she won't feed and she won't breed.”
Mr O'Donnell pointed out that cows that had experienced milk fever after calving will, inevitably, prove difficult to get back in calf.
“Bull selection is also an important factor in determining cow fertility.
“Sires with any form of calving difficulty associated with them should be avoided at all costs. Problems of this nature will only set the cows back and delay her significantly when it comes to conceiving again.”
Mr O'Donnell said that dry cow management has an impact on all of the factors that come into play, from a fertility perspective.
“Body condition score is the key driver in this regard. Cows should have a score of 3.0 at calving. In fact, dairy farmers should make it a priority to have their cows with this level of condition the year round.”
Courtesy of her presentation, United Feeds' ruminant nutritionist Jenny Hamilton highlighted the specific feeding and management procedures that should be followed with dairy cows during the dry and fresh periods.
“Negative energy balance is inevitable,” she said.
“However, reproductive performance, be it time to first ovulation, signs of heats, or embryo survival, have all been shown to be adversely associated with both the magnitude and duration of negative energy balance in early lactation.
“The key to reducing the energy deficit and time spent in it is through a combination of correct management procedures and balanced nutrition.”
Jenny also stressed the importance of managing cows effectively during the dry period.
“Body Condition Score is king,” she added. “Body Condition loss post calving loss is correlated to subsequent reductions in conception rates.
“Forages fed during the dry period should be palatable but low in potash. Silages that are high in potassium act to reduce magnesium availability at calving. This predisposes cows to milk fever.
“The weeks prior to calving should be split into far-off and close-up periods with the latter used to specifically prime the cow for her next lactation
“If mineral reserves are less than adequate at calving, the cow is at greater risk of deficiency at a time when exposure to disease is highest. This period also coincides with reduced dry matter intake and requires maximum bio-availability of any nutrients including trace minerals.”
The new Keenan vertical feeder will not provide a MechFiber standard feed-mix, according to the company's Irish Sales Manager Cathal Gibbons.
“But it is as close as we can get to that with a vertical-auger mixing system,” he said.
“This is why it is important for users of the new ‘vertical' machines to opt for the InTouch nutrition service on an ongoing basis. InTouch is a 12-month inclusion on all new machines. Farmers can then opt to continue with it, or not, after that.”
Mr Gibbons was another of the speakers at the dairy fertility roadshow. The event marked the first practical demonstration of the company's new tub feeder in Northern Ireland.
Mr Gibbons explained that the vertical feeders fill a gap in the market for Keenan.
“They have a smaller footprint, compared with the paddle feeder, thereby becoming more versatile in some situations. The machines have a range of capacities – from 18m³ to 44m³. The rule of thumb is that each cubic metre equates to a feeding capacity of eight dairy cows.
“Machines with a capacity of less than 21m³ are single-axle units. All models above this capacity are double-axle units.”
Mr Gibbons claims that the machines are “robust in nature”.
He explained:“They have been built to last, with a particular focus placed on the strength and durability of the mixing augers. All blades have been tungsten-coated. Farmers can select the feed-out option that best suits their farm and their sheds. Feeding out from both sides of the machine is possible; it all depends on what way the machine is specified.”
New York (ABC Live): Brain Modularity : Researchers from the Rice University, Texas of the United States found that the way a person's brain communicates directly impacts how well they perform simple and complex tasks.
According to a news release by the Rice University on Thursday, Simon Fischer-Baum, an assistant professor of psychology in Rice's School of Social Sciences said brain regions are organized into communities with lots of connections between regions in the community and fewer connections to regions outside of the community.
Fischer-Baum, also one of the study's authors, said “people's brains are different. Some people have brains that are better described as having rigid community structure – or higher modularity – while other people have brains without such rigid community structure – or lower modularity.”
Throughout the course of the study, Brain Modularity was measured on a scale from zero to one. Zero represented low modularity – brains in which every region of the brain is just as likely to communicate with any other region; one represented high modularity – brains that can be divided into communities of brain regions whose members only communicate with each other.
In the study, the researchers had 52 participants — 16 men and 36 women — between the ages of 18 and 26 undergo functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI), a process that measures brain neural activity by detecting changes associated with blood oxygen levels.
The researchers found that participants with high-modularity brains were more successful at performing simple tasks than individuals with low-modularity brains. However, participants with low-modularity brains had greater success with complex tasks than participants with high-modularity brains.
Fischer-Baum said that this effect can be considered relative to the decline in working memory with age, which is a hallmark of the cognitive effects of aging.
Rice graduate student Qiuhai Yue is the study's lead author. Other co-authors include Fengdan Ye, a graduate student at Rice; Aurora Ramos-Nunez, a former research scientist in the Fischer-Baum lab and now an assistant professor of psychology at the College of Coastal Georgia.
The authors said the research has important implications for understanding the brain as a network.
Two Democrats are accusing Republicans of planning a major change for Iowa public employees' retirement benefits next year, but the governor and GOP lawmakers say they have no plans to do so.
Republican Governor Kim Reynolds has talked about enrolling new state workers in a 401k-style plan rather than the state pension system, but her spokeswoman says the governor will not ask lawmakers to make that switch.
Senator Matt McCoy, a Democrat from Des Moines, says Republicans “gutted” the state's collecting bargaining law “in 10 short days” this past February and he warns public workers' pensions may be “dismantled” just as quickly next year.
“To all Iowans: be alert. Be ready to speak up loudly if legislation to harm Iowa's financially sound, high-quality public retirement program comes up for debate.”
McCoy serves as a non-voting member of the board of directors for the Iowa Public Employees Retirement System, called IPERS. State Treasurer Michael Fitzgerald says one out of every 10 Iowans are depending on an IPERS pension either now or in the future.
“It's one of the best pension systems in the country,” Fitzgerald says. “But, there's still people like the Koch brothers and some leaders in the Republican Party want to change it.”
Senator Brad Zaun, a Republican from Urbandale, is sponsoring a bill that would switch state employees hired after July 1, 2019 to a 401k system. However, his bill did not advance in the 2017 legislature and the chairman of a key senate committee says he has no plans to see the bill debated in 2018.
FILE - In this March 4, 2015 file photo, Illinois Republican Gov. Bruce Rauner speaks at an event in Springfield, Ill. Heated debates over income taxes and abortion funding in the state Capitol Tuesday, May 29, 2018, belied what legislative leaders said was a collegial negotiation over the full budget which made lawmakers optimistic they could complete their work by Thursday's deadline. Seth Perlman, File AP Photo
KISSIMMEE, Fla. — Top prospect Ronald Acuna Jr. was sent down to the Atlanta Braves' minor league camp.
The 20-year-old Venezuelan outfielder hit .432 with four home runs in 16 spring training games when the Braves sent him down after Monday's 6-0 win over Toronto .
"We feel like it would probably be the best overall, from a philosophical standpoint, to give him more development time," general manager Alex Anthopoulos said. "There's no manual on how to handle a player's development. They're not all the same."
Acuna had 19 hits, a .519 on-base percentage and a .727 slugging percentage in spring training. If Acuna does not appear on the Braves' roster during the first 15 days of the season, his eligibility for free agency would be delayed by a year until after the 2024 season at the earliest.
"Our No. 1 priority is going to be the development of each player because you want them, when they're up here, to stay up here for long, productive careers and hopefully not have the yo-yo of going up and down," Anthopoulos said.
Acuna rose through three minor league levels last season, his third year in professional baseball. He hit .344 with nine home runs in 54 games at Triple-A .
"We said we would keep an open mind, but what we did talk a lot about was he ran through the minor leagues last year," Anthopoulos said. "Having more development time, no one's ever been hurt by that."
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
By The Associated Press
SONGKHLA: An unhappy man whose estranged wife wants a divorce made preparations to hang himself and his 3-year-old daughter at his home in Hat Yai on Tuesday, and in a live Facebook broadcast set a deadline for the woman to return home.
Police and rescue workers rushed to the house on Soi Plakwa in the municipal area after being alerted to the live broadcast around 7.30pm, said Pol Maj Hakim Mhad-adam, investigation chief at Hat Yai police station.
Full story: Bangkok Post
ASWIN PAKKAWAN
BANGKOK POST
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Spitfire Capital Llc Corp:
* SPITFIRE CAPITAL LLC SAYS ORIGINALLY ACQUIRED THE HORIZON GLOBAL CORP SHARES OVER WHICH THEY EXERCISE BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP FOR "INVESTMENT PURPOSES" Source text : (bit.ly/2nC40bK) Further company coverage:
Welcome to Wednesday's live Bristol City transfer blog.
Yesterday saw another new signing at Ashton Gate with Andreas Weimann confirming his £2m move from Derby County to the Robins.
Some developing news today sees the confirmation that Middlesbrough and Leeds United are interested in Robins defender Joe Bryan.
The Robins also became linked with a move for former Ipswich Town striker David McGoldrick - although they are not the only club interested in the player.
Keep an eye below as we chart all the Bristol City news across the day.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
According to a recent study, only 1 in 3 men and 1 in 5 women can accurately detect when someone of the opposite sex is flirting with them. Essentially, one third of guys just aren't picking up the signs that a girl is actually interested.
How are you meant to know whether to pursue someone sexually if you don't even know when they're flirting with you?
Jeffrey Hall, an associate professor of communication studies, conducted a study to see how often pairs of strangers correctly identified when the other was flirting because sociology is cool and we need answers to these vital life questions.
“If you think someone is not interested in you, you are probably right, they are not interested,” Hall said. “But if someone is, you probably missed it.”
Obviously, people can signal their interest explicitly (“let's have sex”) or conversely, their disinterest (“thanks, but I'm just not that keen”). Direct communication makes knowing where you stand with a person easier, but it doesn't always feel appropriate depending on the scenario or how well you know the person. Also, being really forthright can tap into our fears of rejection. Because once you put it out there, it's out there, and any plausible deniability is off the table.
Most people like to test the waters before diving in, for example, by vigorously and enthusiastically talking about their love of cheese to signal their interest (“I'm outwardly excited about haloumi but what I'm really trying to say is that I want your dick!”). However, testing the waters is a waste of time when the object of your flirtatious banter just thinks you're being friendly, or just really, really like cheese.
But what about your trusty wingman? Horrendous as the term ‘wingman' is, surely he or she is able to point out any potential interest that you're missing?
Yeah, well, no. Turns out, our friends are not much better than ourselves at knowing when some hard-core flirting is going down.
In a second study, Hall had more than 250 people watch six 1-minute video clips of those interacting in the first study. The third-party observers (so, picture your friends at a bar or party watching you talking to a girl) were not any more accurate in detecting flirting than those taking part in the interactions. When flirting didn't occur, they were 66 per cent accurate. When it did, they were 38 per cent accurate.
The lowest accuracy rate across both studies was found in females observing males flirting. They identified flirting just 22 per cent of the time. This is possibly because women are more transparent about their interest so guys are better at picking up on it or maybe guys are more guarded when it comes to expressing sexual interest because of the risk of coming across as ‘creepy'.
Whilst the study focused on heterosexual participants only, it would be interesting to see if the results differed for same-sex attracted people.
Obviously, flirting with someone can be good sport in and of itself, and doesn't need to transpire any further than some sexually charged banter. But if one third of guys are missing all signs, how do you know if someone is flirting? We asked some women to share their go-to strategies:
“I try (and often fail) to be funny or retell interesting stories to reel them in.”
“Umm usually if I like someone I end up getting nervous and just talk way too fast and then I worry that I'm boring the person. It's super effective.”
“I laugh a lot at what they're saying even if their jokes are like, not even jokes.”
That doesn't really clear things up. This answer was slightly more illuminating:
“If I am just flirting I tend to do things like stand close to them, touch my hair, smile a lot, ask questions or ask people to sit down with me. If I feel like going further with someone then I generally make physical contact with them by, say, touching them on the arm while talking. Also a lot of my flirting operates at a very “jokey” level so I tend to throw around banter and will try to get the other person to be silly with me.”
Basically we're all doomed, but at least we can soothe ourselves with the belief that we have all missed out on numerous opportunities thanks to our shonky flirtation detection skills.
This article originally appeared on www.gq.com.au
Up Next: GQ Men Of The Year Awards airs on Star World on Sunday, Oct 16
A THOUSAND OAKS, Calif. -- Los Angeles Rams defensive back Lamarcus Joyner will probably miss his second consecutive game against the Seattle Seahawks on Sunday.
Joyner, bothered by a hamstring injury he suffered Sept. 28, did not practice all week and was listed as doubtful Friday. But Rams coach Sean McVay said that Joyner is "progressing really well" and that the team is simply being cautious with a soft-tissue injury for a skill-position player.
"If he can go, great," McVay said of Joyner. "If not, then we anticipate him being ready to go next week."
Joyner, who plays free safety and slot corner, is graded third among 79 NFL safeties by Pro Football Focus this season. If he sits out, Cody Davis would see time at free safety and Nickell Robey-Coleman would take snaps as the slot corner.
Right guard Jamon Brown is listed as questionable with a groin injury, but McVay said he feels "good" about Brown's chances of playing. Everybody else on the Rams is expected to be healthy enough to play.
In a dominant, breakout campaign, Nathan MacKinnon has shown the Detroit Red Wings just what a top pick can do for a franchise.
It takes lots of losing and draft-lottery luck to be able to obtain such game-changing talent. The former is happening as the 26-35-11 Red Wings brought a nine-game losing streak into Colorado on Sunday afternoon. The streak reached double digits when MacKinnon, the 2013 first overall pick, took over against the Red Wings for the second time this season.
In a November meeting, MacKinnon had a game-tying assist with 46 seconds remaining before netting the overtime winner. In two games versus the Red Wings this season, he has scored three goals and added two assists, with a plus-5 rating and 14 shots.
The Red Wings have tried to maintain a winning culture as they rebuild on the fly, but MacKinnon has singlehandedly showed Detroit why it's trending the right way to close the season.
Dahlin in Detroit
The Red Wings currently sit in 28th place, which gives them the fourth-best odds of winning the draft lottery. With 10 games to go, the apparent tank of losing 10 games in a row is actually just a display of how much of a bottom-feeder they truly are.
Only one team gets to win the coveted first-overall pick, which means Detroit is up against some stiff competition so fans should temper expectations. The consensus No. 1 this June isn't an elite center like MacKinnon, McDavid or Matthews, but a defenseman.
Swedish defenseman Rasmus Dahlin, who has drawn comparisons to Nicklas Lidstrom, is a 17-year-old ready to make his mark as a top blueliner in the NHL as soon as 2018-19. Dahlin has been touted as a smooth-skating, two-way, hard-hitting, yadda yadda yadda defenseman. In reality, any adjective will do the job because he's the full-package and will instantly raise the level of any team he plays for as well as those around him.
Dahlin would immediately be Detroit's best defenseman since Lidstrom, who retired in 2012 leaving a massive hole still yet to be filled. He'd lift the Red Wings' defense, which has given up the 10th-most goals this season.
Some believe the Red Wings deserve Dahlin and that he would give the new, state-of-the-art Little Caesars Arena a real attraction. After all, the seats are visibly emptier than prior seasons.
Offensive Depth in Detroit
Dahlin is the consensus No. 1, and should Detroit not be fortunate enough to win the lottery outright, a little luck for the second or third pick would be just as valuable. Detroit could drastically use offensive help as much as defensive upgrades, as its 180 goals rank 29th in the league. They also haven't had a 30-goal scorer since 2008-09.
Andrei Svechnikov—brother of Red Wings 2016 first-round pick Evgeny—and Filip Zadina lead the forward ranks as the potential two to round out the top three selections. Svechnikov, 17, is advertised as a strong skater with great stickhandling and an elite finishing touch. The Russian owns 40 goals and 72 points in 44 games, leading all rookies as a member of the Barrie Colts in the Ontario Hockey league (OHL).
He dreams of playing with Evgeny and could find himself alongside him in Detroit next season.
Zadina, 18, is a fast, agile left wing that plays a complete game. He's been praised for his shot, which has helped him climb the scoring list with the Halifax Mooseheads of the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League (QMJHL). The Czech Republic native leads all rookies and currently sits seventh in the league with 82 points through 57 games. His 44 goals are tied for third.
The draft lottery results are expected by the end of April — until then you can speculate and play with a draft lottery simulator.
The Final Stretch
Management should fully embrace the losing streak, knowing the team is six points from dead last. Only Buffalo—which recently got Jack Eichel back into the lineup—and Arizona, which is 11-6-1 in its last 18 games, stand in the way.
There's still a lot of pride in the locker room; consummate captain Henrik Zetterberg, Niklas Kronwall and Jimmy Howard are among a handful of players who have spent their entire careers in Detroit and the culture that embodies Hockeytown. But the dedication to a winning culture is what has held the Red Wings back for several years as the team squeaked into the playoffs in 2014, 2015 and 2016, losing in the first round each time.
It's time to land a game-changer.
PRESS RELEASE – ADDITION 2000 HOTEL ROOMS OVER NEXT FOUR YEARS BEING PLANNED.
SAINT LUCIA'S tourism sector is poised to undergo significant expansion within the next few years. Due to several major hotel projects, the island's tourism room stock is to increase by 2000 rooms over the next 4 years, thereby creating more variety in the accommodation offering.
Already for this year, the Royalton Saint Lucia Resort and Spa has opened its doors with 455 rooms in two hotels, one catering to families and the other adults only. Serenity Villas at Coconut Bay Resort, has also unveiled its 36 luxury villas and the Harbor Club is to open in September with 117 rooms.
Work will begin on the Fairmont Saint Lucia Resort in Sabwisha, Choiseul in September this year. This resort will be a unique space that integrates local nature, a low-rise building complex and a wide range of recreational facilities. The hotel will include 120 five-star hotel rooms, 37 villas, 3 restaurants, a spa, commercial areas for local producers and traders and 3 swimming pools. A special central place within the development will be dedicated for local tradition with several shops for carvings and paintings.
The Reduit beach will be redeveloped and become the home of a luxury five-star dual-branded hotel called Curio by Hilton. This property will be built where the Rex Resorts was previously located. The Curio by Hilton will feature 500 luxury rooms; 350 rooms assigned to the Hilton and 150 assigned to the Curio by Hilton. Work on this property will begin within the last quarter of 2017.
Work should commence on the Honeymoon Bay Resort in Cannelles very soon. This resort will consist of two hotels; the first is a 250-room 5-star luxury, family all-inclusive hotel and the second an 80-room, 5-star luxury hotel. This resort will feature an 18-hole golf course and clubhouse and a museum.
The Range Developments signed an agreement with the Government of Saint Lucia to acquire the Black Bay lands and develop Black Bay into an integrated master planned luxury touristic community. The Black Bay Master Development will consist of a luxury-branded hotel and villas with other amenities set on 180 acres on the southern tip of the island. The hotel is expected to have 180 rooms and will be the central anchor of the Black Bay Master Development. Initial site works are expected to commence in the fourth of quarter of 2017 or the first quarter of 2018 and the hotel is expected to be completed by the end of 2020.
Sandal Resorts International has confirmed plans to add a fourth resort in Saint Lucia. The property will offer 350 rooms and suites inclusive of the exotic Sky Pool Butler Suites, all-butler signature swim-up Rondoval Suites and an infinity-edge sky pool bar. Groundbreaking for the project is set to begin in 2018.
In addition to hotel developments, the island will create and capitalize on the concept of village tourism. Eight fishing villages will be transformed into unique tourism villages based on their attributes and strengths. These villages will be uniquely themed and development plans will be established in a participatory manner which addresses the villages' infrastructure, culinary assets, architecture and capacity.
But while some steel capacity was cut, this was more than offset by China's opening of new factories or restarting of idle plants, according to a report by steel consultancy Custeel and Greenpeace East Asia.
It said China's operating steelmaking capacity increased by 36.5 million tonnes in 2016 — more than twice as much as the total production capacity of Britain. Eighty per cent of this increase occurred in three provinces bordering Beijing, causing air pollution to spike in the capital at the end of the year and early 2017, it added. Steelmaking is the country's second largest emitter of air pollution, the report said. Nearly three-quarters of plants affected by China's capacity cuts in 2016 were already idle. Instead of shutting down firms, local officials manoeuvred to “shield zombie steel mills and minimise the impact of the policies” on cutting capacity, said Lauri Myllyvirta, Greenpeace global coal campaigner. Despite an agreement for Beijing to address steel overcapacity reached at September's G20 meeting in Hangzhou, China's trade partners have accused it of dumping the metal on markets in violation of trade rules. Earlier this month the US Department of Commerce imposed hefty tariffs on certain Chinese steel imports, with duties ranging from 63 per cent to 190 per cent on Chinese exporters accused of selling their products at below fair value or of being unfairly subsidised. In January the European Union unveiled taxes of between 30.7 per cent and 64.9 per cent on certain Chinese steel products as it seeks to protect struggling steelmakers in Europe. China must target cuts on operating steel factories and not on idle ones, the Custeel report said, noting that more than 20 million tonnes of new capacity is already due to come online. Factories should be demolished and not sealed up to prevent their reopening in the future, it said. More from Manufacturing Coca-Cola trying to slim down business
Weakness in oil and gas dents GE earnings
Regional plastic industry continues to grow
Growth in China's factories, services slows
Planet, the company that recently acquired Google's satellite Earth imaging business, just pulled off another monumental feat – launching 88 satellites into orbit at once, as part of the largest satellite payload on record with a total of 104 aboard an Indian Space Research Organization rocket. The launch also cements Planet's leadership as a private satellite constellation operator: its 149 total satellites now represents the largest fleet in space operated by a commercial entity.
Why does Planet even want that honor? Because its goal as a company is to image the entirety of the Earth's land mass every single day, and to do that, it estimated in 2011 when it set out to achieve this mission that it would need between 100 and 150 satellites to make that happen. Now, with 144 of its satellites in orbit engaged in this task, it has reached that threshold.
Planet's own satellite imaging business has involved miniaturization of satellite tech, as well as growing the scale of its manufacturing operation to meet its needs. It's also built the second largest network of privately operated ground stations, which receive data from the satellites it owns circling the earth.
The company's 88 additional units will autonomously come online over the course of the next three months in order to contribute to the imaging effort. Planet's business previously focused exclusively on mid-resolution imaging, but with the acquisition of Google's Terra Bella business it now also will offer high resolution capture. That company's five satellites obviously can't match the pace of Planet's 144-strong constellation of mid-res imagers, however, but now the company can offer both timely imaging data of good quality, and more delayed, but much higher resolution information, both of which appeal to different markets.
Featured Image: ISRO
BRASILIA (Reuters) - Boeing Co has sought the Brazilian government's approval of a partnership with planemaker Embraer SA that would create a new company focused on commercial aviation, a person familiar with the matter said on Friday.
The new vehicle would not include Embraer's defence unit under the proposal presented on Thursday, according to the source, who asked not to be named due to the sensitivity of ongoing talks.
Embraer said in a securities filing that it was in ongoing talks with Boeing and the Brazilian government about a potential partnership that could eventually create a new company, but it had not received a formal proposal from Boeing.
A Boeing representative in Brazil said the structure of a possible deal with Embraer was “still being studied.”
Government sources told Reuters it was too early to say if the latest suggested structure of a deal would pass muster with all ministries concerned and, importantly, with the military. Some did say that the latest structure would seem to meet the main government demands, especially regarding the protection of Brazilian defence programs.
Representatives at Brazil's Defense Ministry, which set up a committee to make recommendations to the government on a partnership, declined to comment immediately.
FILE PHOTO: Employees of Embraer hold a banner that reads: "Embraer is ours. No to sale to Boeing" as they protest against the company sale to Boeing in Sao Jose dos Campos, Brazil January 17, 2018. Picture taken January 17, 2018. REUTERS/Roosevelt Cassio/File photo
Brazil's Air Force repeated on Friday that they “consider Embraer to be fundamental for the country's security and any decision has to take into account national sovereignty.”
Embraer shares, which surged as much as 9 percent after a report by Globo media suggested that Embraer had accepted a proposal from Boeing, pared gains to around 4.5 percent in afternoon trading. Boeing shares were down about 1.5 percent.
Boeing's proposed tie-up with Embraer, the world's third-largest planemaker, would give it a leading share of the 70- to 130-seat market and create stiffer competition for the CSeries program designed by Canada's Bombardier Inc and backed by European rival Airbus SE last year.
An unexpected U.S. trade ruling last month scrapping tariffs on CSeries jets added to pressure on Boeing and Embraer to pull off a tie-up of their own.
Brazil's government has openly pushed for a partnership between the two companies focused more narrowly on commercial aviation, rather than an outright acquisition, due to concerns about the independence of Brazilian defence programs.
The government, which holds about 10 percent of Embraer shares through public-sector funds, still has veto power over its military programs and any takeover attempts due to a golden share in the former state enterprise.
Boeing has sought ways to preserve the government's golden share in Embraer and previously proposed safeguards for defence programs in Brazil along the lines of its subsidiaries in Britain and Australia, sources have told Reuters.
Campus Crawl aims to improve safety of campus
Close Modal Window Hang on for a minute...we're trying to find some more stories you might like.
Close
Close Modal Window Email This Story Sends email to this address
Enter Your Name
Add a comment here
Verification
Send Email Cancel
The Slippery Rock Student Government Association (SGA) hosted their annual “Campus Crawl” event on Tuesday, Oct. 3rd at 7:30 p.m.
SGA asked for student volunteers to help out with this event that aims to keep students safe. Volunteers for the event gathered in the Smith Student Center outside of the CSIL office and then walked throughout campus.
Claudia Hartmann, senior athletic training major, has led the event for the past three years.
“The goal of campus crawl is to identify safety concerns across campus,” Hartmann said.
Hartmann said that this year's campus crawl was a success and that a lot of feedback was received by the end of the night.
“Lights being burned out was the number one issue found during the event,” Hartmann said.
Each volunteer and SGA member was assigned a specific area to search for potential danger. Those in attendance were told to keep an eye open for overgrowth on the sidewalks, emergency light boxes, and hazardous items found in parking lots. Hartmann also mentioned that students were to point out lights being burned out near buildings and unsafe sidewalks. Students were also asked to voice their opinion on options for additional crosswalks on campus.
The university will be made aware of the hazards that were found during campus crawl and will work to ensure that these hazards do not become safety concerns in the future.
Representatives from the university police and other campus safety facilities were among those participating in the event. They reminded those that attended of the features of the police department, which operates 24/7, as well as the blue safety light locations that can be accessed in case of an emergency. Security cameras are also used throughout the campus to enforce an even safer environment.
This story elaborates on an article published at 5:34 p.m. Monday, March 19, 2018: Gunshot through Morgan School window prompts community meeting in Holyoke
HOLYOKE -- Some were afraid after a gunshot hit Morgan School. Others said gunfire was normal in South Holyoke.
Confidence was expressed in police and school officials while others were left sad or confused, they said at a community meeting Monday prompted by discovery last week of a bullet hole through a window at Morgan School, 596 South Bridge St.
"I was kind of worried, really worried about it. That's a lot of kids. Thank God it was at night and not in the morning," said Jannette Diaz, of Chestnut Street, who said her niece attends Morgan School.
The hole in the window caused by a fired bullet was found Thursday morning at the 596 South Bridge St. school. No one was injured. Police recovered the bullet and the window has been replaced, said Holyoke Police Sgt. Joseph Garcia, who is assigned to the public schools.
"My grandson said, 'Oh, Mom,' to my daughter, 'Close the door, I need you to sleep with me'" because he was scared, said Ramona Cotto, pastor of nearby Inglesia Pentecostal Labranza de Dios Inc., whose two grandchildren attend Morgan.
Principal Alyson Lingsch said Morgan has 450 students in grades kindergarten to eight.
The bullet was fired through a window in a middle-school classroom, said Stephen K. Zrike, state-appointed receiver in charge of managing the Holyoke public schools.
Nelson R. Roman, Ward 2 city councilor, who organized the meeting, divided the gathering of 40 people into tables with each assigned to list concerns on big posters that were then shared with the meeting.
"It's important that we're here today as a community, a big community, to really take ownership of our own neighborhood to make ourselves feel safe. The fact that we heard that nobody called in the shootings, or gunshots, that they heard is really critical for us. So we're here to day to have the community come up with those solutions," Roman said.
Julie Drohan, a Morgan teacher and parent, was at a table with Holyoke Police Chief James M. Neiswanger and Rosalee Tensley Williams, Ward 2 School Committee member. Drohan said the gunshot made her feel sad.
"Yeah, I was sad, because this is like our safe place for our little loves," she said.
Cotto said the gunshot highlights the need for schools to get involved with students' home lives, to learn which families need food, which students live in single-parent households.
"When this child is 10 years old or 20 years old, he goes to the streets because as a child, he needed attention. Maybe he needed a mentor," Cotto said.
Zrike and others said a concern was that no one in the neighborhood stepped forward to report hearing a gunshot or anything about it.
An information table included stacks of "Text-A-Tip Help Solve a Crime" cards people can use to send information about a crime anonymously: Text "SOLVE" plus message to 274637 on a cell phone.
Among comments participants listed on the posters were:
"I felt safe and prepared and a little confused about what the new normal is."
"As a Mom I felt sad. The situation was handled very well."
"I don't feel that Morgan was targeted in any way."
"I feel like this is normal behavior in this neighborhood."
"Scare(d) for all the students and the safety of her siblings."
"Just getting ready for class again."
Also attending the meeting were Deputy Fire Chief Jeffrey Przekopowski, Edward W. Caisse, project manager with the Hampden County Sheriff's Department and Massachusetts Trooper Andrew Canata. Canata said he showed up Garcia's request.
"I work with the sergeant on the school emergency planning," Canata said.
Mr Trump currently has over 120 registered and provisionally approved trademarks in China according to reports: Getty President Donald Trump is on the brink of adding six new trademarks to his growing portfolio according to reports. Chinese The new trademarks will be in sectors as diverse as.... news-yahoo 7:01:00 PM CEST
Colortech, headquartered in Morristown, NJ, continues to make an impact on the North American plastics industry with a steady increase in market share.
To meet the continued demand, the company is increasing its sales force.
Steven Skaggs and John Heaton were recently promoted to regional sales leaders. Colortech also welcomed Ron Klein and Jon Wicklund as new members of the team…
Researchers Examine Race Factor In Car Crashes Involving Pedestrians
Cars are less likely to stop when people of color step into intersections, study says. That may partly explain why there are higher levels of pedestrian deaths among racial minority communities.
by MIKE CHAIKEN
EDITIONS EDITOR
When you have a favorite movie, television show, or stage musical, you probably imagine what happens to the characters after the end credits.
Movie studios know this and often will offer sequels that do just that. They ask a director and screenwriter to dream up a story that answers the question, what happened next?
Sometimes, the sequels are just as beloved such as “Home Alone 2: Lost in New York.” Sometimes, they land with a thud like the superfluous “Home Alone 3.”
Andrew Lloyd Webber's “Phantom of the Opera” is adored by his many fans. And many of the fans of the show will see the show again and again and again.
So, we can understand why Andrew Lloyd Webber teamed up with Glenn Slater (lyrics) and Ben Elton (book) to provide audiences with a “Phantom….” sequel, “Love Never Dies.”
The creators could at least justify the existence of a “Phantom…” sequel because noted author Frederick Forsythe (“Day of the Jackal” and “The Odessa Files”) had written a sequel himself, “”The Phantom of Manhattan,” which provided the bones for the book of “Love Never Dies.”
But, still, when “Love Never Dies,” which arrived in Hartford on May 29 after never reaching Broadway, the question loomed—was it going to be any good? Was the audience going to be disappointed that it wasn't as good as the original “Phantom of the Opera?”
First of all, if you're going to make a direct comparison with “Phantom of the Opera,” you'll find “Love Never Dies” is lacking. It's lacking the big tunes that made “Phantom” a sensation. And the fact that the score alludes to some of those “tunes,” such as “Music of the Night,” even Webber knew audiences would need a reminder of the first “Phantom…” to keep themselves humming.
However, if you take “Love Never Dies” as its own entity, it is very entertaining.
The show finds the Phantom still alive, having been whisked off to America by two of his minions. In America, he sets down in Coney Island and becomes the impresario behind a freak show/ circus on the boardwalk. The story is set into motion when he learns his love from the original, Christine Daaé, is due to arrive in America for a performance—and she is accompanied by her husband Raoul and her son Gustave.
The score, other than the climax “Love Never Dies,” lacks that pop punch that “Phantom of the Opera” had. There are no real “singles” to squirm its way into the Top 40.
However, the score probably is more “classical,” more “orchestral” than “Phantom of the Opera.” And the ensemble numbers like, “Bathing Beauty” are less jarring to the flow of the plot.
The atmosphere also is darker than the original. There is a nightmarish, hallucinatory feel to the set and costume design by Gabriela Tlesova and the lighting design by Nick Schlieper. It reminded me of steampunk meets “American Horror Story: Freak Show.”
This production also plays down some of the melodramatic plot histrionics of the original.
The road show is also bolstered by the performances of the cast.
Meghan Picerno, as Christine, does a superb job with the vocal gymnastics Webber has created for her character. She also does a fine job portraying the turmoil she faces as she must choose between her love for The Phantom and her husband Raoul—and keeping her son safe.
For the May 29 performance, Bronson Norris Murphy—The Phantom's understudy—took to the stage. Although Murphy may have been a little more physically slight in how I imagine the Phantom to be, vocally, he did a superb job stepping in to perform at press night at The Bushnell. Again, like Picerno, he easily handled the melodic gymnastics created by Webber.
The Phantom's Coney Island minions—Fleck (played by Katrina Kemp), Gangle (Stephen Petrovich, and Squelch (Richard Koons) did a great job in playing creepy “freaks,” doing their master's bidding. They added to the nightmarish bent of the show.
Jake Heston Miller, who plays Christine's young son Gustave, also was delightful. His boy's soprano was freakishly strong and he gave the older vocalists a run for their money.
Sean Thompson, as Raoul, also gave the most emotionally nuanced performance of the evening. He was a man who tried to be all bluster and dignity, but had feet of clay as he watched his world changing in the wake of nearly losing everything.
“Love Never Dies” in many ways works because it is more intimate. We don't have to contend with the awe of the Phantom's lair and the celebrated chandelier. This show is more about the characters than the mechanics. And it is a show that is more about performance than spectacle like the original “Phantom…” was.
Does “Love Never Dies” best “Phantom of the Opera?” Not really. Does it work as a piece of art on its own? Yes, it does. And the creative team and cast have crafted an intriguing, enjoying, and immensely watchable piece of musical theater as long as you recognize that this isn't “Phantom of the Opera.”
I give “Love Never Dies” three out of four stars.
“Love Never Dies” continues at The Bushnell, 166 Capitol Ave., Hartford through Sunday, June 3. Performances are Wednesday and Thursday at 7:30 p.m., Friday and Saturday at 8 p.m., and Sunday at 6:30 p.m. Matinees are Saturday at 2 p.m. and Sunday at 1:30 p.m.
For tickets, go to bushnell.org
When you have a favorite movie, television show, or stage musical, you probably imagine what happens to the characters after the end credits.
Movie studios know this and often will offer sequels that do just that. They ask a director and screenwriter to dream up a story that answers the question, what happened next?
Sometimes, the sequels are just as beloved such as “Home Alone 2: Lost in New York.” Sometimes, they land with a thud like the superfluous “Home Alone 3.”
Andrew Lloyd Webber's “Phantom of the Opera” is adored by his many fans. And many of the fans of the show will see the show again and again and again.
So, we can understand why Andrew Lloyd Webber teamed up with Glenn Slater (lyrics) and Ben Elton (book) to provide audiences with a “Phantom….” sequel, “Love Never Dies.”
The creators could at least justify the existence of a “Phantom…” sequel because noted author Frederick Forsythe (“Day of the Jackal” and “The Odessa Files”) had written a sequel himself, “”The Phantom of Manhattan,” which provided the bones for the book of “Love Never Dies.”
But, still, when “Love Never Dies,” which arrived in Hartford on May 29 after never reaching Broadway, the question loomed—was it going to be any good? Was the audience going to be disappointed that it wasn't as good as the original “Phantom of the Opera?”
First of all, if you're going to make a direct comparison with “Phantom of the Opera,” you'll find “Love Never Dies” is lacking. It's lacking the big tunes that made “Phantom” a sensation. And the fact that the score alludes to some of those “tunes,” such as “Music of the Night,” even Webber knew audiences would need a reminder of the first “Phantom…” to keep themselves humming.
However, if you take “Love Never Dies” as its own entity, it is very entertaining.
The show finds the Phantom still alive, having been whisked off to America by two of his minions. In America, he sets down in Coney Island and becomes the impresario behind a freak show/ circus on the boardwalk. The story is set into motion when he learns his love from the original, Christine Daaé, is due to arrive in America for a performance—and she is accompanied by her husband Raoul and her son Gustave.
The score, other than the climax “Love Never Dies,” lacks that pop punch that “Phantom of the Opera” had. There are no real “singles” to squirm its way into the Top 40.
However, the score probably is more “classical,” more “orchestral” than “Phantom of the Opera.” And the ensemble numbers like, “Bathing Beauty” are less jarring to the flow of the plot.
The atmosphere also is darker than the original. There is a nightmarish, hallucinatory feel to the set and costume design by Gabriela Tlesova and the lighting design by Nick Schlieper. It reminded me of steampunk meets “American Horror Story: Freak Show.”
This production also plays down some of the melodramatic plot histrionics of the original.
The road show is also bolstered by the performances of the cast.
Meghan Picerno, as Christine, does a superb job with the vocal gymnastics Webber has created for her character. She also does a fine job portraying the turmoil she faces as she must choose between her love for The Phantom and her husband Raoul—and keeping her son safe.
For the May 29 performance, Bronson Norris Murphy—The Phantom's understudy—took to the stage. Although Murphy may have been a little more physically slight in how I imagine the Phantom to be, vocally, he did a superb job stepping in to perform at press night at The Bushnell. Again, like Picerno, he easily handled the melodic gymnastics created by Webber.
The Phantom's Coney Island minions—Fleck (played by Katrina Kemp), Gangle (Stephen Petrovich, and Squelch (Richard Koons) did a great job in playing creepy “freaks,” doing their master's bidding. They added to the nightmarish bent of the show.
Jake Heston Miller, who plays Christine's young son Gustave, also was delightful. His boy's soprano was freakishly strong and he gave the older vocalists a run for their money.
Christian Harmston, as Raoul, also gave the most emotionally nuanced performance of the evening. He was a man who tried to be all bluster and dignity, but had feet of clay as he watched his world changing in the wake of nearly losing everything.
“Love Never Dies” in many ways works because it is more intimate. We don't have to contend with the awe of the Phantom's lair and the celebrated chandelier. This show is more about the characters than the mechanics. And it is a show that is more about performance than spectacle like the original “Phantom…” was.
Does “Love Never Dies” best “Phantom of the Opera?” Not really. Does it work as a piece of art on its own? Yes, it does. And the creative team and cast have crafted an intriguing, enjoying, and immensely watchable piece of musical theater as long as you recognize that this isn't “Phantom of the Opera.”
I give “Love Never Dies” three out of four stars.
“Love Never Dies” continues at The Bushnell, 166 Capitol Ave., Hartford through Sunday, June 3. Performances are Wednesday and Thursday at 7:30 p.m., Friday and Saturday at 8 p.m., and Sunday at 6:30 p.m. Matinees are Saturday at 2 p.m. and Sunday at 1:30 p.m.
For tickets, go to bushnell.org
A massive click-fraud farm has been raided in Thailand by police and army troops, who seized nearly half a million SIM cards and hundreds of iPhones used to promote products online.
The raid on two rented houses in Ban Mai Nong Sai in the Aranyaprathet District led to the arrest of three Chinese suspects: Wang Dong, 33, Niu Bang, 25, and Ni Wenjin, 32. Investigators found 474 5s, 5c and 4s iPhones and 347,200 SIM cards, as well as computers and electronic devices used to manage them. This led to a second raid that netted another 100,000 SIM cards in a local house.
Benjaphol Rodsawasdi, immigration chief of Sa Kaeo, told the Bangkok Post that the trio admitted they were being paid 150,000 baht (US$4,423/£3,473) a month by a company in China to promote products in the Middle Kingdom. They would, we're told, use the mobes to ramp up sellers' online ratings by giving them positive feedback on product listings. That would push their gear up search result rankings, boosting sales. The gang refused to name the business involved.
Police say that the men set up shop in Thailand because mobile charges are so low in the country, compared to China. They were hired to spam the Chinese social media platform WeChat with bogus page views, ratings, likes and shares.
Police are now investigating how the three managed to get hold of so many SIM cards undetected, when telcos are supposed to log each purchase to a specific individual. In the main haul they found 112,200 SIM cards from Advanced Info Service, 131,000 from True Move and 104,000 from Total Access Communication (DTAC) telco companies.
The three arrested suspects were charged with working illegally in the country and illegitimately importing the devices. Police are now questioning them to see if further click farms can be found.
This kind of internet fraud is becoming increasingly common, as unscrupulous vendors seek to game reputation rankings online in order to become top of the shopping list for buyers. Similar techniques are also used to pump out fake news and discredit people, and it seems tech biz is dragging its feet on fixing the problems. ®
What We're Following ~ Stories of interest from around the Web
Search for: Archives Select Month January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
North Korea has been known to use women as part of its clandestine operations, mostly involving murder, defectors say.
The Kim regime allegedly trains female assassins to seduce and kill 'enemies of the state'.
Now-exiled Kim Hyun-hee told the ABC in 2013 how after eight years of training she was groomed by North Korean spymasters to plant a bomb on a South Korean passenger plane.
The 1987 attack killed all 115 people on board and led to the United States listing North Korea as a state sponsor of terrorism.
The attack was planned to deter foreign teams from taking part in the 1988 Olympics in Seoul.
She was only 25-years-old when she and her co-conspirator were captured in Bahrain, both of them biting down on cyanide pills to kill themselves rather than being captured.
(Photo: AFP)
Kim, however, survived and after her defection, now lives in a secret location in South Korea surrounded by bodyguards for fear of North Korean assassins.
It has been alleged two women believed be North Korean undercover agents were on a mission to eliminate the estranged half-brother of North Korean leader Kim Jong-Un .
CCTV footage allegedly shows an assassin accused of poisoning Kim Jong Nam at Kuala Lumpur International Airport on Monday wearing a top with the words 'LOL' printed across it.
In the grainy image the woman appears to be middle-aged and of Asian descent.
She can be seen wearing a top with the word 'LOL' - the acronym for 'Laughing Out Loud' - in large letters and a blue short skirt, with her right hand over a slim sling handbag.
(Photo: Twitter)
(Photo: YTN)
The picture emerges after local media reported that the deadly women may already be dead.
"There have been reports that (the two suspects) may already be dead," Japan Kyodo News said, citing a ranking official of the Japanese government.
The official, however, did not specify the cause of their assumed death, be it homicide or suicide.
North Korean special agents have in the past attempted suicide after their missions.
Convicted bomber of a South Korean airplane Kim Hyun Hee attempted suicide after his act led to the deaths of 115 passengers in 1987.
(Photo: AFP)
(Photo: REUTERS)
Following initial reports the poison was delivered by needles, it has now been reported in Malaysia that the weapon used was a cloth soaked in liquid.
"He told the receptionist at the departure hall that someone had grabbed his face from behind and splashed some liquid on him," Selangor state's criminal investigation chief Fadzil Ahmat said.
"He asked for help and was immediately sent to the airport's clinic. At this point, he was experiencing headache and was on the verge of passing out," he said.
"At the clinic, the victim experienced a mild seizure. He was put into an ambulance and was being taken to the Putrajaya Hospital when he was pronounced dead."
(Photo: AFP)
(Photo: REUTERS)
A statement by Malaysian police has said his travel documents named him as "Kim Chol" with an age of 46.
Mr Ahmat said that the cause of Kim's death had not been determined yet, but that a post mortem would be carried out on the body.
"So far there are no suspects, but we have started investigations and are looking at a few possibilities to get leads," Fadzil told Reuters.
Jong Nam was known to be based mostly outside of his home country and had spoken out publicly against his family's dynastic control of the isolated state.
He said several times over the years that he had "no interest in leading his country."
(Photo: AFP)
"Personally I am against third-generation succession," he told Japan's Asahi TV in 2010, before his younger brother had succeeded their father.
"I hope my younger brother will do his best for the sake of North Koreans' prosperous lives."
"If the murder of Kim Jong Nam was confirmed to be committed by the North Korean regime, that would clearly depict the brutality and inhumanity of the Kim Jong-un regime," South Korean Prime Minister Hwang Kyo-ahn, the country's acting president, told a security council meeting.
Prime Minister S. K Abbasi while inaugurating an Oil & Gas Project at Attock said that technocrats or undemocratic government cannot solve the problems of the nation. Only the democratic set up suits us. It is the people who should decide about the fate of the political parties. We need to weed out the majority of the political and religious parties. We need to have two or three parties. Too many cooks spoil the broth. National agenda of progress and development should be moved forward.
I am sure that economists will agree with my assessment of economic situation of the country which has seen a lot of improvement. The representative parliamentary system suits us. However, law-makers have failed to streamline the system which depends on the strengthening of the institutions. We must empower the right man for the right job. Corruption has eroded the economy of the country. Pakistan is rich in natural resources. All that we need is to explore and use them for the benefit of the people. Political and economic stability depends on each other. We cannot attain one without the other. We should strengthen our parliamentary democratic system instead of experimenting with technocratic or non-democratic government.
JAVAID BASHIR
Lahore
Related
Follow Viknesh Add to circle
Jaguar's F-Type has undergone a mid-cycle update. The changes are subtle yet provide the stylish sports car with the latest technology, a more refined look, and a new engine option. There's also a lower price tag!
You'll spot the updated range by the full LED headlights and new, model-specific bumpers. The aim of the new bumpers, Jaguar says, was to provide clearer visual differentiation between the different models.
The interior was also tweaked with the addition of lightweight slimline seats that help shed around 17 pounds from the curb weight, as well as new chrome and aluminum accents used to further differentiate between the various models. Jaguar is also offering an expanded range of color and trim options for the interior.
2018 Jaguar F-Type 400 Sport Enlarge Photos
Also in the interior, Jaguar has fitted its Touch Pro infotainment system which is able to control a special app called ReRun. The app combines vehicle data with a GoPro to provide an overlay of information for the recorded video. We're talking about key vehicle performance data such as speed, throttle position, gear selection, braking force and g force.
Finally, Jaguar has added a semi-automated park-assist function designed to make parallel parking in even the tightest of spaces quicker and easier. When passing a potential space, the car's ultrasonic parking sensors measure the length. If big enough, the system takes care of the steering: all the driver has to do is press a button, engage reverse and control the throttle and brakes. The system will also guide the vehicle out of the space when it's time to leave.
Jaguar has also rejigged the lineup. The big news is the introduction of an inline-4 as the new base option, which brings the starting price down to just $60,895. (The 2017 model's starting price was $62,395.) The new engine is the 2.0-liter turbocharged inline-4 found in other Jaguar models, and in the F-Type it has a specific tune of 296 horsepower and 295 pound-feet of torque. It also comes exclusively with an 8-speed automatic.
The base F-Type can also be equipped with the familiar 340-hp 3.0-liter supercharged V-6, which can be had with a 6-speed manual, and above this is a 380-hp version of the V-6 in a new model called the F-Type R-Dynamic. This is essentially the replacement for the F-Type S and includes a few sporty elements inspired by the design of the more hardcore F-Type R. Those sporty elements include 19-inch wheels, a body kit, gloss black accents, an active exhaust and LED headlights.
2018 Jaguar F-Type 400 Sport Enlarge Photos
Further up is a new special edition model called the F-Type 400 Sport, which will be available for one year only. It also boasts the V-6 but sees its output boosted to 400 hp. The bump in power is complemented by uprated brakes, custom 20-in wheels, and Jaguar's Configurable Dynamics performance setting. You'll easily spot the car by its yellow accents and “400” badging.
Further up still are the F-Type R and F-Type SVR models. These maintain their supercharged 5.0-liter V-8s and respective 550- and 575-hp outputs.
Sales of the 2018 F-Type commence later this year. Pricing starts at $60,895 for the F-Types equipped with the new inline-4 and tops out at $125,995 for the F-Type SVR Convertible. All pricing figures include a $995 destination charge.
For more on the Jaguar F-Type, read the in-depth reviews at The Car Connection.
This is one of the things that makes this carrier great.
Project Fi does a few innovative things that set it apart subtly from other carrier offerings, and one of the lesser-advertised features is the ability to "pause" service on a whim without any hoops to jump through. Pausing service isn't something offered by other carriers, and lets you simply disable your phone for as long as you want and instantly resume service with the press of a button.
This isn't something you'll be doing all the time on Project Fi, but it does turn out to be a neat feature. We're going to show you how it works.
Why you'd want to pause service, and what happens
So what exactly happens to your phone when you pause Project Fi service? Just as it sounds, it puts the brakes on all aspects of your phone — no calls, texts or data will work until you resume service again. Of course your phone will still connect to Wi-Fi and work for everything but calls and texts. You'll still be able to make emergency calls, as you would in a phone without a SIM, but you won't be notified of texts or calls that were missed during the paused service. Anyone who tries to text your paused number will get an error saying the number isn't active, and incoming calls just won't arrive.
It immediately sounds like a great way to save money, but understand everything that happens first.
It sounds like a great idea to regularly pause service, particularly if your Project Fi line is a secondary device, but also keep in mind that you lose the ability to use your Project Fi number everywhere when it's paused. That means you can't make or receive calls via Hangouts on your computer, text on other phones via the Hangouts app, or have calls to your Fi number forwarded to other phones with active cell service — everything stops. Unfortunately the warnings about pausing your service aren't super clear about this point, and when you go to send text messages from other device they appear to go through, but don't.
Advertisement
If you do choose to pause service, there's a reward involved. You're refunded a portion of your $20 "Fi Basics" charge for every day of service that you are paused. Just like the refunds that are given for unused data, every day that you have your Fi service paused you'll get back about $0.66 as a refund on your next bill.
As soon as you pause service you'll immediately see a refund posted on your dashboard for the entire remainder of the billing period, but of course that isn't finalized until the month is over. If you happen to resume service within the same billing period, the amount of time you were paused is calculated and the proper refund amount is posted. For example we paused our service for just over 24 hours, and were issued a $0.75 refund that'll be applied to our next bill.
This feature is incredibly important if you want to keep a Project Fi account active for use with the eSIM inside your Google Pixel 2 or 2 XL when you travel internationally, but intend to still use another carrier most of the time. When you aren't using your backup Project Fi service, you can just disable it and not pay a cent.
How to do it if you decide it's right for you
The ability to pause service isn't hiding from view, but it also isn't exactly something that's advertised as a feature of Project Fi. If you open up the Fi app or website, in the plan details area you'll see a simple button that says "pause service." Select it, and you'll get a roundup and reminder of what happens if you choose to pause. Confirm your decision, and your phone's cellular functions will stop working almost immediately.
You're notified from the moment you pause service that it will automatically resume three months from that date, but of course you can resume service at any time by again opening up the Project Fi app or website. When you resume it'll take a couple minutes to switch back on, and rebooting your phone at the same time is a good idea. But you'll be back up and running in no time at all.
Advertisement
The ability to pause service is pretty great if you will have literally no need for your phone over a set period of time. For example if you're going on a long camping trip in an area where you won't have cellular service anyway, you could simply pause service just before you leave, and come home after a long weekend to a $3 or so refund. It's also a great choice if Fi is a secondary line that you only want to use sometimes but don't rely on the phone number for regular use.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Disgruntled Euromillions players are furious after the draw for the £169 million jackpot has been delayed.
Brits took to Twitter to moan about the slow speed of results, with one even blaming Brexit.
The draw was finally held over an hour after its expected time.
Tonight's National Lottery EuroMillions winning numbers are:
01 - 09 - 15 - 19 - 25
And the Lucky Stars are:
01 - 07
But punters were growing increasingly impatient as they waited for the magic numbers.
One player wrote: "Any chance of this Euromillions draw happening soon? Lad needs some kip."
Another added: The euromillions draw is 50 minutes late. glad I voted out in brexit tbh."
A third said: "I'm here waiting for the euromillions draw, knowing i won't win but the suspense is killing me."
A National Lottery spokesman told Mirror Online that the draw had been delayed because the bigger jackpot required more organisation.
Millions of Brits are keeping an eye on the record-breaking EuroMillions draw with its £168million jackpot up for grabs.
The draw was expected at any time from 8.40pm, but an hour later there was still no result.
The moment the numbers are picked can be watched live on Facebook, YouTube or the National Lottery website.
The draw is not televised but results will be published on the EuroMillions website immediately afterwards.
Brits were urged to buy tickets early ahead of an expected 200 per cent boost in sales for the record-breaking draw.
It is estimated the traditional last minute sales rush will see 26,000 tickets sold every minute in the hour leading up to 7.30pm.
(Image: PA)
The biggest ever cash prize would make any winner richer than One Direction and Adele.
No-one scooped Tuesday's huge £167million EuroMillions jackpot, meaning today's top prize is an estimated £168million, subject to exchange rates.
The jackpot has now reached its maximum 190 million euro, where it will remain for a further four draws until it must be won on the fifth.
If claimed by a single ticket-holder, tonight's highly-anticipated draw would create the UK and Europe's biggest ever winner.
(Image: Getty Images AsiaPac)
Current record holders Colin and Chris Weir, of Largs in Scotland, won a whopping £161million on the EuroMillions in 2011.
Players have been urged to buy their tickets early today.
Camelot has estimated that more than 26,000 tickets could be sold every minute in the hour leading up to the draw, closing at 7.30pm.
As the jackpot is at its maximum, any money that would have boosted the top prize will now be shared among winning players in the next prize tier.
Andy Carter, the National Lottery's senior winners' adviser, said: "The extraordinary sum would be life-changing whether won by an individual or syndicate, and we have plenty of champagne on ice ready to celebrate.
(Image: PA)
(Image: PA)
"It would enable them to transform their life, as well as the lives of their friends and family, and we are ready to support them from the moment they claim."
He added: "This EuroMillions roll series has seen players raise an amazing £55 million for National Lottery Good Causes in just a month.
"This supports projects big and small across the country, including funding everything from local community projects to the nation's amazing Olympic and Paralympic athletes."
The winners would be met by a team of specialist Camelot advisers, who give immediate advice on investing the money.
Gillian and Adrian Bayford from Haverhill, Suffolk are the UK's second biggest ever winners, scooping £148million in 2012.
An anonymous ticket-holder won £113million in 2010.
(Image: PA)
So far this year, UK winners have scooped five EuroMillions jackpots, with the biggest won by an anonymous ticket-holder, who banked £87 million.
According to The Sunday Times Rich List, a single winner scooping the entire £168 million jackpot would be ranked the joint 671st the richest person in the UK.
They would be richer than chef Jamie Oliver with his fortune of £150 million, multiple F1 world champion Lewis Hamilton with £131 million and singer Adele on £125 million.
And their winnings would be more than the career earnings of Robbie Williams (£150million), Gary Barlow (£75million) and the combined wealth of One Direction (Niall, Liam, Harry and Louis are worth £40million each).
The first EuroMillions draw took place on February 13, 2004.
There are now nine European countries participating - the UK, France, Spain, Austria, Belgium, Ireland, Luxembourg, Portugal and Switzerland.
FORT JACKSON, S.C. (AP)  Military officials say two soldiers are dead and six are hurt after a military vehicle struck them while they were in formation at an Army base in South Carolina.
Fort Jackson officials say two of the six soldiers injured Friday afternoon were in critical condition and all of the soldiers hurt were taken to a hospital off the base near Columbia.
The statement from Fort Jackson called the incident a "tragic accident," but did not give details about where the wreck happened or the type of vehicle involved.
Fort Jackson says the names of the soldiers killed will be released after families are notified.
Advertisement
The Army says it has started a thorough investigation.
Fort Jackson is the Army's largest training instillation, with more than 50,000 recruits assigned there each year.
Staff Reporter
Anti-Terrorism Court (ATC) -I on Wednesday awarded 14 years sentence in jail to culprit Mohammed Saleem alias Tension who belongs to Muttahida Qaumi Movement (MQM) London in two cases of explosive material and illegal weapons.
According to a Pakistan Rangers Sindh's statement here, the ATC gave sentence to the culprit Mohammed Saleem alias Tension on production of evidences and pleas by a prosecution team of Rangers.
The culprit got 14 years sentence in jail after being indicted on possessing explosive material and five years imprisonment in jail with Rs20,000 as a fine in another case of possessing illegal weapons.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - NORSKE SKOGINDUSTRIER ASA:
* RESOLUTION TO DELIST NORSKE SKOGINDUSTRIER ASA FROM OSLO BØRS
* ‍BANKRUPTCY HAS BEEN OPENED IN NORSKE SKOGINDUSTRIER ASA​
* ‍SHARES OF NORSKE SKOGINDUSTRIER ASA WILL BE DELISTED FROM OSLO BØRS FROM 5. FEBRUARY 2018​
* ‍LAST DAY OF LISTING WILL BE 2. FEBRUARY 2018.​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Jerusalem
Nearly 15,000 Israelis have stormed the Al-Aqsa Mosque compound in East Jerusalem al-Quds since the beginning of 2016, an Islamic group says Friday. The group, the Islamic Waqf in Jerusalem, which controls and manages current Islamic edifices on and around the Haram esh-Sharif (Temple Mount), released the figure in a recent statement. On late Thursday, Jordanian government spokesman Mohammed al-Momani denounced any attempt by Israelis to storm or enter the Al-Aqsa Mosque compound as illegal and an aggressive act against the Islamic holy site. He underlined Jordan's determination to maintain the status quo at Al-Aqsa.
Momani's remarks came in reaction to the storming of the Al-Aqsa Mosque by 149 Israeli settlers on Thursday.
Temple Mount is also a site of worship by Jews. According to an agreement signed between the Tel Aviv regime and the Jordanian government — which administers Al-Aqsa Mosque — after Israel's occupation of East Jerusalem al-Quds in 1967, visits to the compound by Israelis are permitted but non-Muslim worship is prohibited. Jordan is one of the only two Arab countries that have open diplomatic ties with Israel.
Muslims consider trespasses by Israelis into the Al-Aqsa Mosque as part of a provocative Israeli campaign.—Agencies
Elina Svitolina kisses her Rogers Cup trophy on Sunday in Toronto. Photo Vaughn Ridley/Getty Images
To say that Elina Svitolina is having a good 2017 season would be an understatement. The 22-year-old from Ukraine is on fire, having just last week taken out four top-ten opponents, including two former world number ones and two major champions, on her way to a fifth title of 2017 at the Rogers Cup.
The youngster can no longer be considered an up-and-comer on the WTA Tour. Svitolina has arrived. All that is left of the young Ukrainian is a major title to cement her status as a superstar. But after her blowout victory in the Rogers Cup final on Sunday over Caroline Wozniacki, the 22-year-old is keeping things in perspective.
Feelings on a brilliant week
Svitolina only dropped one set in her five matches in Toronto, only losing six games in her last two. After her 6-4, 6-0 finals victory, the young Ukrainian didn't quite know how to react, saying, “I need some time still to really realize, because I had so many matches for the last two days. And it's been really, really tough physically. Today was very hot. So I've been really struggling. So I'm just very happy that it's finished. And with a title, it's even more special.”
Svitolina poses with her trophy. Photo: Vaughn Ridley/Getty Images
Despite having won four titles already in 2017, including a Premier-level title in Dubai, Svitolina was a bit surprised at how well things went. She explained that “I tried to don't think so much. Actually when I was coming here, I had no expectations at all, because I was little bit injured. I didn't know how my body would react. It was very tough when I came here. I didn't feel so good on court and that's why I came earlier. It was on Wednesday. And, yeah, I had some time here to adapt and prepare and be ready. And I think this was great tournament for me. I beat four really good players. And, you know, it was very, very special week for me.”
Things were not easy for the Ukrainian, as she essentially had to contest three matches in 30 hours to win the title, including the last two sets of her quarterfinal and full semifinal on Saturday. How did she manage to pull herself together? Svitolina admitted that:
“Actually, I was very, very tired after the first game of first set. And I knew that I need to give everything because Caroline doesn't miss much. You have to work really hard to get unforced error from her. And, you know, I just decided, you know, I'm going to just play every ball and, yeah, just leave everything on court. And that's why, you know, emotionally I was relieved when I won the first set, and then was playing better and better in the second. And, yeah, just happened. I really couldn't believe that it all finished and I'm holding the trophy.”
Svitolina unloads on a forehand. Photo: Vaughn Ridley/Getty Images
The win was Svitolina's second over Wozniacki in a Premier final in 2017, after having also beaten the Dane in the Dubai final. After her semifinal win over Simona Halep, Svitolina said she felt she was playing better tennis back in Dubai. However, she won the Toronto final in two fewer games. When asked to compare the two performances, Svitolina said:
"Each match been different. The one we played in Dubai I was under big pressure. It was the first time that I was entering top 10. And that win, you know, was just amazing. Of course I did the maybe couple of more unforced errors than I did today. But I got the experience from that match because she's very tough player. So you need to have a clear mind and clear plan what you do on court. So I learned little bit more from that match and it really definitely helped me today to manage my nerves and be calm on the important moments."
The young Ukrainian made history by winning in Toronto, becoming the first woman to win three Premier 5 titles in a single season. While she was certainly happy about it, Svitolina did not seem particularly interested in the trivia, saying, "it's amazing that I achieved this. But, you know, I try to take one tournament at a time. Try to don't think so much about all the past titles. Of course it brings me confidence, I have the experience from that finals, but I try to take it as a new challenge and always look forward to it.”
Mental strength
Throughout the week, Svitolina dodged questions asking her to evaluate her own game. After her impressive dismantling as yet another accomplished veteran in the final, it was suggested to her that her mental strength was her biggest advantage. Her analysis was that
“I tried to fight as you said. I only can speak for myself. Of course there are lots of girls on tour who are really fighting until the end like Caroline, like Halep, and [Garbine] Muguruza. They all, you know, fighters. And I always try to play until the last point and never really put myself down in a mood or always try to be more positive and play, you know, until the last point is played. So maybe this is the strength. But, yeah, I just try to give 100%. And, you know, that's why I'm pretty tired now because, you know, I left everything today. Because it was very hot. I was very tired. Slept only, like, three, four hours because probably drink too much coffee yesterday because also was very late night. And then I needed to play first match on, sat down. So yeah, coffee probably kicked in.”
Svitolina celebrates her semifinal victory over Simona Halep. Photo: Vaughn Ridley/Getty Images
Svitolina is now 5-0 in finals in 2017. When asked about her mindset going into these matches, she explained, “I try to take one match at a time. Like today, I was going to into the match and I was thinking, Okay, this is not the final. Just try to think that this is a quarterfinal, because we could play with Caroline quarterfinal, semifinal. Final is always a big pressure because you think that you are very close to win, but you are very far in the same time. So that's why it's very important to have the right mindset for the finals and to don't -- of course there will be pressure, but try just to do everything what it takes to just don't think about it.”
At such a young age, Svitolina has not shown any nerves in these big matches against big-time opponents. When it was suggested to her that she always stays pretty calm, she laughed it off by saying, “of course I get nervous. Everyone gets nervous. If you're not nervous then something is wrong. Because all athletes, you know, of course they want to win so badly that sometimes it happens that it's too much. So you need to really find your way of managing the nerves and do it all the time and try to find the zone where you feel comfortable and you are playing at your best.”
Next steps
Svitolina is now up to number four in the world with the victory. She reflected on her road her and all the work that she still needs to do to reach the very top:
Svitolina serves in Toronto. Photo: Vaughn Ridley/Getty Images
"Of course. It's been a long journey and I still long journey ahead of me. I try to look only forward. There going to be lots of tough matches, tough tournaments. You know, I'm 22 years old, so I still have career in front of me and hopefully for many more years to go. And, yeah, just always look what's in front of me. Of course I'm very, very happy that I could win fifth title, but in the same time, you know, I need to move. I have next tournament already and, of course, US Open coming up. So, you know, there's always something in front and that's very important for me to have this mindset."
Despite her high ranking, Svitolina came into the tournament a bit under the radar in a draw that featured the entire top ten on the WTA tour. That will not be the case this week in Cincinnati and later on at the US Open. But Svitolina is not getting ahead of herself, saying, “of course it's a good sign for me that I'm playing well. I'm competing good. My mental part is strong. I'm playing good tennis. It's a good sign for preparation for US Open. And, yeah, I just try to keep it up and do my best to prepare and be ready for US Open.”
She did not dignify the question about her being a favourite with a response. As she explained, she does not care about the expectations of others. “I have my own pressure. I have my own expectations. I have my own goals. So I try to don't think so much about it and I think it's all fine with me.”
ISLAMABAD, Jul 4 (APP):Minister for Water Resources, Syed Ali Zafar Wednesday said all associated government departments must be watchful and increase coordination to disseminate real time information during upcoming raining season.
He was chairing 53rd annual meeting of Federal Flood Commission to review arrangements made by the provinces and federal line agencies for safe passage of monsoon season 2018.
Secretary Water Resources, Chief Engineering Advisor/Chairman, Federal Flood Commission and senior officers of concerned federal as well as provincial government organizations participated in the meeting.
The minister highlighted the seasonal outlook, issued by PMD for monsoon season 2018 and said according to PMD, normal to slightly above normal rainfall were expected during the first half of monsoon season and below normal rainfall in second half of monsoon season 2018.
He shared the pre-monsoon season actions taken by FFC for smooth passage of flood flows during monsoon season 2018.
All the stakeholders briefed the meeting regarding preemptive measures taken to minimize effects of flood damages in the event of occurrence of floods.
The preparedness of NDMA and PDMAs/GBDMA/FDMA/SDMA was also discussed in detail.
The minister directed them to remain vigilant throughout the monsoon season and further improve upon the already made arrangements.
The representative of Engineers Directorate, GHQ Rawalpindi informed that they were ready and vigilant for operating breaching sections in case of emergency situation, besides, rescue operations in case of very high/exceptionally high floods.
The dam management authorities of Tarbela & Mangla Dam projects shared the Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) of Mangla and Tarbela dams and arrangements made for flood flows a regulation in case of high flood flows during monsoon season 2018.
Chief Engineer (H&WM), WAPDA informed that all existing Flood Telemetry Station were fully operational and transmitting data to concerned stakeholders.
The PMD presented the seasonal forecast for 2018 monsoon season. The minister instructed PMD to improve their weather forecast to give ample time to deal with any emergency situation.
In view of forecast of rains and expected urban flooding, provinces were asked to be vigilant and clear the storm drains in all major and other cities.
He asked the relevant authorities to remove the encroachments, which restricting free flood flows of rivers and may result in floods. Additionally, desilting and removal of encroachments of nullahs passing through urban areas like Peshawar, Quetta, Karachi, Hyderabad, Rawalpindi, Multan, Sialkot, Lahore and Faisalabad etc. was stressed.
The minister was told that around Rs 400 million released by the federal government during the previous years to government of Punjab for execution of urgent nature flood projects were kept unspent and no project regarding flood control was completed despite availability of funds.
Similarly, the representative of irrigation department, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa informed that due to delay in release of funds by the federal government, they could not utilize the budget before close of previous financial year (30th June 2018).
The representatives of irrigation department, government of Sindh and Federally Administered Areas (Gilgit-Baltistan, FATA and AJ&K) highlighted that they were getting very meager budget under PSDP through Normal/Emergent Flood Programme, hence, they were unable to complete the urgent nature flood works last year. They requested to enhance their budget share in the said programme.
The minister showed dissatisfaction over delay in completion of some urgent flood protection projects being executed through Public Sector Development Programme.
He directed the representatives of provinces and FATA to make utmost efforts in completion of under-construction works so as to make them safe against 2018-floods and ensure protection of adjoining settlements, private and public property.
He showed serious concerns over the inordinate delay in preparation/approval of PC-I “Enhancing Capacity of Shahdara Railway Bridge & old road bridge project on River Ravi” and advised to take up the matter seriously, process the PC-I on fast track basis for early approval and implementation.
According to reports in British media, Barcelona target Coutinho submitted a transfer request last week after Liverpool rejected a second bid worth 100 million euros ($117.96 million) from the La liga club.
Coutinho also missed Liverpool's 3-3 draw at Watford on Saturday due to a back injury, with manager Juergen Klopp conceding he had no control over the 25-year-old's future at the club.
Under current UEFA rules, Coutinho's participation in the play-off round against Hoffenheim would not jeopardise a move in the current transfer window. The Brazil international will remain eligible to feature for another club in next month's Champions League group-stage.
The Merseyside club will also be without striker Daniel Sturridge, who has failed to recover from a thigh injury sustained during the pre-season.
Hoffenheim host Liverpool at the Rhein-Neckar-Arena on Tuesday before the two sides meet again at Anfield next week.
(Reporting by Hardik Vyas in Bengaluru; Editing by Gareth Jones)
Charlestown Beat
Larceny
09/29/17 – A victim on Main Street reported she left her bag with prescriptions on the counter and left the store. Upon realizing she forgot the bag, she returned to find it was gone. A surveillance video was available, and the suspect who took the bag was identified. Detectives will investigate.
Larceny
09/29/17 – A victim on Main Street reported he observed several suspects remove building material from his job site and flee in a white truck. A surveillance video of the incident was turned over to Area A-1 detectives.
Burglary – Force
09/30/17 – A victim on Walford Way reported when she returned home, she saw that it had been broken into. Entry was gained through a rear window, and jewelry and money were taken from the home.
Larceny
10/01/17 – A victim on Park Street reported a fellow employee stole her purse and removed her wallet. The suspect denied taking the purse, and the wallet could not be found. The matter is under investigation, and a complaint will be sought in Charlestown Court
Three Missouri teens — including 17-year-olds Jared Pinkley, left, and Nathan Meurer, right — were arrested after Wentzville police say they lured a man into woods and robbed him, hoping to make him confess to raping one of the teens. Wentzville Police Department
Altaf Hamid Rao.
Mirpur
As a result of the recent untiring efforts of of the recently-formed Old Saroshians' Association – the organization of Old Students of the Govt. Post Graduate College, Mirpur, government has approved the construction of a grand Rs. 35 million state-of-the-art multi-stoeyed academic block for the students.
The special ceremony was hosted to mark the handing over of over Rs. 50 thousand valued books to the college management gifted by an old student of the college and the President of the Old Saroshians' Association Engr.
French President Emmanuel Macron, right, and his wife Brigitte Macron, left, watch as President Donald Trump kisses first lady Melania Trump during a State Arrival Ceremony on the South Lawn of the White House in Washington, Tuesday, April 24, 2018. Andrew Harnik AP Photo
FRESNO, Calif. (AP)  Authorities have recovered the bodies believe to be those of a Chinese couple in a car that plunged off a cliff in California's Kings Canyon National Park.
Fresno County Sheriff's spokesman Tony Botti said Friday a rescue crew on successfully extracted the bodies a day earlier from the Kings River.
He says they are presumed to be 31-year-old Yinan Wang and his 30 year-old-wife Jie Song. The couple vanished during an August vacation.
Botti said that a coroner official must still positively identify the couple.
Advertisement
Authorities believe their car plunged 500 feet (150 meters) over the cliff.
The car was found as authorities were recovering another car that had plunged into the river earlier.
The bodies of two exchange students from Thailand were recovered from that car last month.
Harris (Photo: Clinton Township Police)
A 29-year-old Mount Clemens man has been charged with armed robbery for stealing $106,000 from an armored truck at a Clinton Township convenience store last week.
Andrew Harris has been charged with armed robbery, felony firearm possession and being a felon in possession of a firearm, Clinton Township Police said Monday. If convicted, he faces up to life in prison for the armed robbery charge.
Harris was arraigned Monday in 41st District Court in Clinton Township, officials said. A magistrate ordered him to be held in the Macomb County Jail on a $50,000 bond.
Police accuse Harris of committing two separate robberies last week Thursday in Clinton Township.
He is suspected of robbing a car wash on Harper Avenue south of Interstate 94.
Harris allegedly also went to the 7-Eleven store on Harper north of Metropolitan Parkway and robbed an armored car, according to officials.
Police said in the robbery, a lone suspect armed with a gun approached the armored car's guard, took about $106,000 and fled.
Officers searched the area. Investigators were able to identify the suspect and locate him nearby.
Harris was arrested without incident and police were able to recover about $103,000, officials said.
cramirez@detroitnews.com
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2w499jA
The parents of a 2-week-old child were arrested after the baby was found with at least 100 rat bites. Columbia County Sheriff's Office
Tired of turmeric latte sipping hipsters and health nuts lauding the anecdotal health benefits of this legendary golden spice, the Mainstream Media strikes back with the anvil of hard S cience (capital “S”)…
Forbes just published an op-ed titled, “Everybody Needs To Stop With This Turmeric Molecule,” intended to warn consumers and scientists alike that curcumin (the primary polyphenol in turmeric), and presumably turmeric itself, is a “waste of time and money.”
What is their seeming unequivocal conclusion based on? According to the assessment of Forbes writer Sam Leminick, a new paper published in the Journal of Medicinal Chemistry entitled, The Essential Medicinal Chemistry of Curcumin, reveals:
“…there's really no evidence that curcumin (and a couple related compounds lumped in for convenience) does anything for you health-wise.”
What Mr. Leminick is referring here to as “evidence,” or the lack thereof, is the randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, human clinical trial (RCT). The RCT has become the epistemiological holy grail of Scientism and the Medical Monotheism it informs. In this belief system, it doesn't matter if something has had cross-cultural validation as a healing agent, even after thousands of years of safe human use; nor does it matter if you personally have experienced (N-of-1) direct and measurable health benefits from consuming it. This is essentially a pyramidal control system: the RCT situated on top, and your first-hand experience and associated “anecdotal claims” on bottom, completely worthless. What's considered ‘really real' is what has been externally validated through the RCT. Also worthless within this view are the thousands of cells (in vitro) and animal (in vivo) studies that exist indicating therapeutic properties may exist. This Scientism-based belief system is so powerful and all-consuming that sometimes I describe it as the ‘Religion that devours all others.'
This ideology also conveniently ignores the political realities that influence what research is conducted, and how exactly research findings are published. In today's climate, where natural medicines are reflexively disparaged and chemical medicines are glorified, there is a disproportionate amount of pro-drug and anti-natural compound research being published. But when the bias happens at the ground level, it's worse than “cherry picking”; it's as if the very trees selected for the cherry orchard were genetically modified at the outset to produce only one pre-specified type of publication crop. There is also the fact that capital simply does not flow into research into non-patentable natural substances because they provide a poor ROI, with billions of dollars needed in the case of FDA drug approval.
Considering this, we are not suprised to find research that disparages turmeric being reported on and amplified by a publication like Forbes whose primary funders include major pharamceutical companies.
In reality, however, the new paper is not itself as disparaging as Leminick interprets. Even in some of the archetypal examples presented of curcumin's presumed failure to provide health benefits in the clinical research setting, the researchers refer to some positive findings. For instance, they cite a phase II study on the use of curcuminoids in patients with advanced pancreatic cancer (the most lethal cancer type) in 2008. They reported on patients taking 8 grams/day orally for at least 8 weeks. Two individuals experienced relatively remarkable improvements:
“one patient had remained stable for more than 18 months and another single patient had a brief but marked 73% reduction in tumor size that lasted one month. One other patient remained enrolled in the study for approximately eight months with “stable weight and a feeling of well-being, albeit with progression in non-target lesions”…. No treatment-related toxic effects were reported.”
In juxtaposition to conventional chemotherapy outcomes, where side effects are not only debilitating but sometimes lethal, this is highly promising and indicative that curcumin does, in fact, have potentially profound therapeutic value.
I actually agree with one of the paper's primary criticisms, namely, that the curcumin molecule itself may not be the nutraceutical “magic bullet” many believe it is. We see an increasingly profitable “nutraceutical” industry mimic the language and propietary aspirations of the pharmaceutical industry, focusing on ways to improve on nature and capitalize on unique, pseudo-patented or actually patented formulations. Certainly, I prefer their formulations over chemically-based ones. The point, however, is culinary applications are often as powerful, if not more powerful — even if far less proprietary and profitable.
Again, I agree that we must disabuse ourselves of the concept that turmeric's health benefits can be reduced to only one of its phytocompounds — curcumin, aromatic-tumerones, or otherwise — and that the conventional drug development, discovery, and clinical testing validation models can be appropriately applied to what are essentially food compounds. Chemists (and the herbalists and nutritionists that favor a reductionistic/materialistic approach), by virtue of their training, overlook the fact that food and herbs have informational properties, and therefore can not be treated solely as mechanical strings of atoms and molecules (“chemicals”) interacting through externally related surfaces within the body-machine.
As my colleague Vic Shayne has articulated so eloquently in his writings, when you isolate out a singular constituent of a whole food, it will now behave less like a nutrient and more like a chemical. In other words, the part can not be extracted from the whole without its functional properties be altered. Within this view, natural compounds such as curcumin are as much semiotic/informational as material in nature, and they depend on entirely oncontext for their “meaning,” or biological value. And so, in biological systems, as with human language: “A text without a context is a pretext.” In other words, if you take curcumin out of the complex background chemistries of the whole turmeric plant, including its relationship to the microbiota in the gut, you are no longer talking about its real-world activity.
You can't, then, say that because you have not found the healing power of the whole in the part, that the healing power of the whole does not exist. This is essentially the fatal flaw of so-called ‘medicinal chemistry.' Their fundamentally reductionistic and materialistic approaches degrade their object of study to the point of it no longer being recognizable as a living thing.
And so, when Sam Leminick opines that curcumin is basically a “talented pharmaceutical con artist,” he is guilty of projecting the inherently reductionistic pharmaceutical model of validation onto a substance that is entirely refractory to it. Each and every component of turmeric — its hundreds of interwoven constituents, from fiber, to water, to polyphenols, to aromatic compounds — all participate together in a synergy infinitely more complex than what is afforded to the myopic gaze of conventional chemists. Moreover, over the past twenty years, so much energy has been expended in creating synthetic curcumin analogs that can be patented, that it is no wonder that now a growing body of faux curcumin research continues to fail to produce experimental and clinical outcomes experienced by traditional cultures who used these herbs in their natural, or culturally-enhanced state as food and beverage preparations.
Unfortunately, this more nuanced perspective isn't being practiced by today's research community, and therefore it won't inform mainstream media coverage on the topic anytime soon. The Forbes article joined a chorus of reporting on the topic, that runs diametrically opposed to a massive database of research on curcumin's benefits, such as:
The pattern is clear. The mainstream media, who has pro-pharmaceutical advertisers to please, is looking for an excuse to throw natural remedies, and those who advocate for them, under the bus. Interestingly, Sam Leminick, is a paid contractor for the American Chemical Society, who owns the very Journal of Medicinal Chemistry the paper was published in. He added this conflict of interest disclosure to the bottom of the article to qualify his obviously biased perspective:
“Full disclosure: I'm a former employee of the American Chemical Society, which publishes Journal of Medicinal Chemistry, and a current contract writer for the society's Reactions video series.”
As turmeric continues to gain popularity, from dietary supplements to lattes, and more people find ways to disburden themselves of pharmaceutically-driven disease management strategies, there will be significant pushback. In the meantime, we encourage those with an open mind to balance out the pre-masticated “news” on the shortcomings of natural alternatives with the primary literature we have gathered on the topic. Our database now has over 10,000 topics, with our curcumin database featuring over 2,200 promising studies on its health benefits. One study, with an axe to grind, shouldn't negate the robust research on the topic, should it?
Search the GreenMedInfo.com Research Dashboard and please consider becoming a member to support our user-supported work.
© February 14, 2017 GreenMedInfo LLC. This work is reproduced and distributed with the permission of GreenMedInfo LLC. Want to learn more from GreenMedInfo? Sign up for the newsletter here http://www.greenmedinfo.com/greenmed/newsletter.
Stephon Gilmore's start in New England hasn't gone as planned.
Expectations for the Patriots defense have been upended. The Pro Bowl cornerback has been a part of one of the league's worst secondaries, just one year after New England allowed the fewest points in the league and won the Super Bowl.
After a string of difficult outings during which Gilmore struggled with communication, Belichick was asked about how Gilmore has responded to harsh criticisms from media members and fans.
“I thought (Gilmore) responded good. I'll look at the film and see how it goes,” Belichick said during a postgame press conference on Thursday night after the Patriots' 19-14 win over the Buccaneers. “I mean Evans caught a couple of outs. We were in three deep zones. I thought Stephon competed well. I thought our whole defense did. (Devin) McCourty was involved in a lot of plays and (Patrick) Chung was involved in a lot of plays. Those guys did a good job. That's a good group of skill players – receivers, tight ends, quarterbacks; those guys are pretty good.”
Jameis Winston finished with over 300 passing yards, and was the fifth consecutive quarterback to do so against the Patriots. But Buccaneers star receiver Mike Evans did not make his typically large impact on the game.
Gilmore took on Evans in 1-on-1 coverage for much of the night. Evans finished with five receptions for 49 yards.
“That is what gets the best out of me, when I am following a guy and studying a certain guy,” Gilmore said, via WEEI's Ryan Hannable.
Sign up Like this article? Sign up for the Patriots Wire email newsletter to get our top stories in your inbox every morning. Success Thanks for signing up.
You'll be waking up a little more awesome tomorrow. Whoa! Something went wrong. Try again?
It's unclear if the Patriots will proceed with that approach in coming games. Defensive coordinator Matt Patricia explained the Patriots are a week-to-week defense. Gilmore's responsibilities will likely change in accordance with the opponent. That means Gilmore may well have to readdress his struggles with communication.
“When we go into the week we're going to try to do the best we can to incorporate everybody's skill set, everybody's things that they do well,” Patricia said Friday on a teleconference. “Some weeks it's going to be harder for some players and when we ask them to do that we're certainly trying to ask those guys to do something that we think they can handle for the benefit of what we're trying to get done. Some weeks it's going to work out for guys to be able to be a little bit more in their comfort zone.”
Federated Group, which will celebrate its 90th year in business this December, brought its annual show back to a historic landmark, The Drake Hotel in Chicago. Federated Group takes over the luxurious venue and invites attendees, many of whom return every year, to catch up with a first-night cocktail reception.
Jen Linke, VP of brand management at Federated Group, told The Shelby Report's Midwest VP Geoff Welch the reception lays the foundation for what will happen over the course of the following two days. Attendees meet up with friends they've made through Federated Group to catch up before they get down to business.
“People are hugging and shaking hands, and it just sets the mood for a very uplifting, exciting and successful show,” she said. “We run a very efficient show. The appointments are short and to the point. Everyone is there to get business done.”
This year 26 customer companies and 61 vendors took part in the show. Federated Group gained two customers since last year's event, including mass merchant retailer Shopko, which is based in Green Bay, and Banner Wholesale, a Chicago-area company that distributes to independent retailers. Banner has taken on customers from the now-defunct Dearborn Wholesale Grocers, and distributes Federated Group's Parade brand.
“It's brought Parade back to Chicago, so that's really great,” Linke said. “We know private label very well, and neither (Shopko or Banner Wholesale) has been strong in private label grocery sales in recent years, so they're looking for ways to get back into that.”
Federated Group can customize its program to fit the needs of companies seeking to grow their food business.
“Federated fits that bill very well for them,” Linke said. “The fact that we own our own brands gives us a unique perspective that some of our competitors don't have. Banner needed a brand, and Federated could step up to the plate with that by offering Parade. Shopko is looking to develop their own brand, and we have as much experience in that. And again, because we are brand owners, we can help them design a program and know what products they should be in based on their regionality, based on how our own products perform and how best to get into that because we have a huge supplier network that allows us to work collaboratively together between the suppliers, the customer and us.”
Private brand offers an increased margin for retailers, and it is a growing sector, primarily due to younger consumers, Millennials in particular, who are less brand loyal than previous generations.
“They're truly looking for value, and that's really what private label speaks to,” Linke said. “It's the quality at a good price. I also think private brands give a retailer loyalty because people do come back once they realize, ‘I can buy more product using the money that I have—even on a fixed income or a limited income—because I can afford more.' The dollar goes further.”
Federated Group offers the Better Valu, Hy-Top and Red & White labels in addition to Parade, and also is expanding Seven Farms, its organic brand. It is called Seven Farms because each item must represent at least one of Federated Group's “seven pillars of sensible eating.” They include being certified organic, gluten free, non-GMO, vegan, Fair Trade, containing no artificial preservatives and having no sugar added. Linke said Seven Farms is a million-dollar brand.
“It's grown to more than a million-dollar brand in the short time period that it has existed,” she said. “It has grown that fast.”
Federated Group, explained
Federated Group's corporate office is located in Arlington Heights, just outside Chicago. The company has representatives all over the country. It comprises four different enterprises: retail, foodservice, logistics, and a marketing and design group called SailPointe. That's one of the areas Linke oversees.
“The retail side is our biggest, and that's what the show focuses on in July,” she said. “We were established in 1927, so for 90 years we've been supporting the retail and wholesale private brand industry. We're a strong, debt-free, privately held company. We serve over 9,000 stores, which are made up of our 36 retail and wholesale customers. We represent over 18,000 SKUs, which encompass over 380 different brand names.”
The company's expertise is private label sales and management. Federated has a broad base of more than 600 suppliers it has worked with or works with at any given time.
“Our long-term relationships really make for strong, collaborative work—and help grow food business both for suppliers and the retail and wholesale customers,” Linke said.
Federated Group works to solve problems by getting to their root, whether through analytics or studying the competition, for example, to help customers stay on track and reach their goals.
She said few companies like Federated Group have retail shows, and she believes that alone makes it stand out.
“We have had more than 60 shows, and people have been coming to our shows for 20-30 years,” Linke said. “I think that speaks to the fact that they're productive, that they work, that they're serving a need in the industry, and we're proud of that. I say thank you to our customers for coming and making that work, because it is a great opportunity for suppliers to see a large number of customers in a really short span of time and yet conduct true, meaningful business to keep things moving forward.”
Linke has been with the company for about three and a half years and said she enjoys working for Federated Group. She points to integrity as the number one reason why.
“It's a core value of ours that we don't just talk about, we don't just put on a piece of paper,” Linke said. “We truly embody it. For everybody at Federated, whether they're in the corporate office working in the accounting department or IT department or out in the field—it truly is a relationship between customers and suppliers. We value integrity, and we do what is right for our customers and for our suppliers, for all the people we work with and for ourselves.”
She said it is rewarding to help mid-size and independent grocers and wholesalers grow in such a dynamic industry.
“I'm thrilled to see that we can make a difference,” she said. “We ebb and flow and change with the growing needs. It makes it challenging, but that also makes it an exciting place to work.”
Since the early 2000s, a large body of scientific research has demonstrated an association between the use of non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) and an increased risk of cardiovascular events, specifically heart attacks and strokes. NSAIDs, which include common over-the-counter drugs such as Ibuprofen and Aleve, as well as prescription drugs such as Celebrex, work by blocking the activity of what are known as cyclooxygenase enzymes (referred to by researchers as COX-1 and COX-2). Those enzymes are involved in myriad processes including multiple functions related to inflammation or blood clotting.
Historically, scientists had considered the most serious adverse effect from NSAIDs to be an increased risk of gastrointestinal issues such as stomach bleeding, a problem caused primarily by the inhibition of the COX-1 version of the enzyme. As a result, efforts were undertaken to create NSAID painkillers that blocked COX-2 but left COX-1 unaffected, products termed selective COX-2 inhibitors. It was this subset of NSAIDs that provided the first suggestion of a link between NSAIDs and adverse cardiovascular events.
In a 2001 paper published in the Journal of the American Medical Association, researchers first raised “a cautionary flag” about the possible connection between two examples of those more targeted NSAID drugs (the prescription drugs Celebrex and Vioxx) and cardiovascular events. Following those (and other) results, the pharmaceutical company Merck pulled Vioxx off the market worldwide in September 2004.
In 2005, the Food and Drug administration issued their first statement of concern about the connection between NSAIDs and risk of cardiovascular events. In that statement, the FDA required a new box warning for selected prescription COX-2 inhibitors, but they also asked manufacturers of regular, non-specific NSAIDs to revise their labeling as well, despite uncertainty at the time about the warning's relevance to all painkillers in the NSAID class. Manufacturers were asked to “Provide more specific information about the potential [Cardiovascular] and [Gastrointestinal] risks of their individual products and remind patients of the limited dose and duration of treatment of these products in accordance with the package instructions.”
Since that announcement, a great deal of work has gone into figuring out how significant these health risks are, and how generally they apply to all NSAIDs (not just to the more targeted COX-2 inhibitors). Subsequent research has concluded that all NSAIDs likely come with some increased risk of cardiovascular events, though the risk of cardiovascular events from Naproxen (Aleve) has been more controversial, with some research suggesting no increased risk in that one brand of NSAID. In 2011, researchers published in BMJ a large review of all studies that compared cardiovascular risk between NSAIDs, concluding that:
Although uncertainty remains, little evidence exists to suggest that any of the investigated drugs are safe in cardiovascular terms. Naproxen seemed least harmful. Cardiovascular risk needs to be taken into account when prescribing any non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug.
The primary cardiovascular conditions investigated were heart attacks and strokes. In July 2015, the FDA strengthened their label warning to reflect the growing consensus around these risks:
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) is strengthening an existing label warning that non-aspirin nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) increase the chance of a heart attack or stroke. Based on our comprehensive review of new safety information, we are requiring updates to the drug labels of all prescription NSAIDs. As is the case with current prescription NSAID labels, the Drug Facts labels of over-the counter (OTC) non-aspirin NSAIDs already contain information on heart attack and stroke risk. We will also request updates to the OTC non-aspirin NSAID Drug Facts labels.
Since these warnings were issued, a variety of viral stories have sought to generate clicks by playing into the fears generated by labeling an exceedingly common drug as a cardiovascular risk. One of the most persistent examples is a story published by the viral website Providr in March 2017 with the scare-click inducing headline, “Doctors Urging People All Over the World to Stop Taking Ibuprofen Immediately, Here's Why.”
The Providr article, which has been shared countless times including by the Facebook pages of celebrities such as Lil' Wayne and Katt Williams, conflated the aforementioned 2015 FDA warning with a May 2016 study in BMJ, and through its headline falsely suggested that doctors were warning people (as a broad rule) not to take NSAID drugs such as Ibuprofen. The 2016 study Providr referenced did find an increased risk of cardiovascular events from all NSAIDs, and its most significant finding was that such a risk existed even with short-term use:
Current use of any NSAID (use in preceding 14 days) was found to be associated with a 19% increase of risk of hospital admission for heart failure […] compared with past use of any NSAIDs (use >183 days in the past). The risk of hospital admission for heart failure associated with current use of NSAIDs appears to vary between individual NSAIDs, and this effect is dose dependent. This risk is associated with the use of a large number of individual NSAIDs reported by this study, which could help to inform both clinicians and health regulators.
Although a great deal remains to be unraveled about the relationship between NSAIDs and cardiovascular events, a 2017 review on the topic summarized the broad, big-picture agreement on NSAIDs' cardiovascular risk, as well as the major uncertainties that remain, as follows:
The results of both interventional and observational studies point towards the increased [cardiovascular] risk being a class effect of NSAIDs [something all NSAIDs do as a rule]. The level of risk displays a large variability between individual drugs in the group and seems to be affected by the baseline cardiovascular risk of patients, although [cardiovascular adverse reactions] can develop even in individuals without a pre-existing [cardiovascular] condition.
While there is an agreement on the existence of an association between NSAIDs and cardiovascular events, it is important to consider that the level of increased risk is generally considered modest from a numerical perspective, and that doctors — who, despite claims made by Providr, are not instructing patients to avoid NSAIDs as a rule — can work to limit that risk if an NSAID is required for treatment, according to a 2013 review in The Lancet: “Although NSAIDs increase vascular and gastrointestinal risks to a varying extent, our analyses indicate that the effects of different regimens in particular patients can be predicted, which could help in guiding decisions about the clinical management of inflammatory disorders.”
Adverse effects must be weighed when using any drug. NSAIDs, which can increase one's risk of cardiovascular adverse events like heart attack or stroke, are no different.
Nigerian Bottling Company Limited, member of the Coca-Cola Hellenic Bottling Company (CCHBC) – anchor bottler for Coca-Cola with the franchise to bottle Coca-Cola products in 28 countries. We bottle Coca-Cola products in Nigeria, offering iconic non-alcoholic beverages such as: Coca-Cola, Fanta , Sprite, Schweppes and Limca in the sparkling beverage category; and 5 Alive and Eva in the still beverage category. Our vision is to become the undisputed leader in every market in which we compete.
The Industrial Training Fund (ITF) and the Nigeria Employers' Consultative Association (NECA), in collaboration with Nigerian Bottling Company Limited, invites applications for:
NBC Technical Trainee Programme
Location: Nigeria
Preamble
The Industrial Training Fund (ITF) and the Nigeria Employers' Consultative Association (NECA), in collaboration with Nigerian Bottling Company Ltd, wishes to admit qualified young Nigerians of sound character and learning potential to undertake an intensive Eighteen Months Training Programme on Technical Skills Development in the following areas:
Basic Bottling Process
Industrial Mechatronics
Automation and Process Control Engineering
Machine Shop Operation
General Fittings and Welding
Utility Maintenance and Operations
The Programme
Successful candidates will enjoy free tuition, lunch and a monthly stipend (not salary) for the entire duration of the program. It is a non-residential training at our Technical Training Centre located in Ikeja, Lagos. Trainees will be exposed to classroom, hands-on sessions and on-the-job training experience in any of Nigerian Bottling Company Ltd Plants in Abuja, Asejire, Benin, Challawa, Enugu, Ikeja, Jos, Kaduna, Maiduguri, Owerri and Port Harcourt.
On successful completion of the training program, trainees will receive internal certificates of participation, while trainees will be prepared for the City and Guilds (London) external examination and they may be offered permanent employment as Technicians or Technical Operators with the company.
Objectives
To train and equip youths with employable skills in the vocational areas listed above
To promote a Public-Private Sector Model in Technical and Vocational skills training
To contribute to the capacity development of our country.
Educational Qualification
Candidates must possess the following qualifications among others:
B.Sc 2nd Class Lower and Higher National Diploma or its equivalent in Electrical or Mechanical Engineering from recognized and accredited institutions.
Industrial experience will be an added advantage.
Age:
Applicants should not be more than Twenty-Six years (26) old as at the time of application.
Application Closing Date
22nd December, 2017.
Method of Application
Interested and qualified candidates should APPLY
Baldwin's Board of Aldermen received news Thursday of an estimated $271,000 of expected grant relief to be awarded for use in the repair of the town's water treatment plant.
The news came from State Rep. Sam Jones during the monthly meeting at Baldwin Town Hall.
Jones addressed the board and others in attendance firstly, by presenting a letter from Gov. John Bel Edwards, in which Edwards congratulated the town of Baldwin for winning a grant for $35,000, to be used to fix a pump and replace a filter at the water treatment plant.
However, concerning the remainder of the $271,000, there was a caveat. Jones informed the board that the remaining $236,000 comprising the $271,000 was slated to be awarded, but was being held up due to political restructuring in Washington, DC.
Jones lamented that money can get hung up in the bureaucracy of government, with ease. He advised, “File your contracts as quickly as you can get ‘em, and pull your money down as quickly as you can get it.”
According to Jones, the remainder of the town's grant funds only have left to be released, but the official who was to release the funds was recently fired, leaving the grants unreleased until the vacant seat can be filled. Jones did say he had faith that the funds would soon be released and that the town would then only have to raise another $29,000 to achieve its initial goal of $300,000 estimated to fully repair the water treatment plant.
Jones suggested the board apply for a United States Department of Agriculture grant to make up the $29,000 deficit, as well as to look into procuring the services of a professional grant writer, thereby maximizing the efficiency and surety of attaining sought-after monies.
Though a significant portion of the board meeting belonged to Jones, he was by no means the only contributor at the podium.
Former alderwoman and concerned Baldwin citizen Thor Frederick addressed what she perceived as a lack of police presence in the town. She cited as example a recent incident in which Mayor Donna Lanceslin was assisting by directing traffic through an intersection, with no police on the scene.
“None of these comments are personal,” Frederick said. “My point in all of this is the lack of concern for the job, (that of the chief and the officers), and their possibly tending to matters of a second job while on town time. You have to take care of your first job before you take care of your second job. You can't do one on top of the other.”
Frederick went on to propose that the writing of citations by the police department could become a systematic component of augmenting the town's “financial situation,” as she had seen state highway patrol units in the town, doing that very thing.
She also urged the citizens of Baldwin to exhibit fidelity in the regular paying of their utility bills, to assist in the financial stability of the town and the providing of its civil services.
She closed by saying, “The only thing I want to see, is for Baldwin to thrive and survive, and only the citizens of Baldwin can do that.”
Assistant Police Chief Joe Garrison answered Frederick's charges by stating that he, the chief, and the officers of Baldwin had been working tirelessly for the security of the community. He pointed out that every call the department received, including that from Frederick, as recently as a few weeks ago, was answered in a thorough and timely fashion. To which, Frederick consented, and commended the department.
Lance Mire was recognized as Baldwin Volunteer Fire Department Fire Chief, and the community was informed of Fit Fun and Fabulous Serving St. Mary Parish, a conglomerate effort of organizations to benefit the community, to be held all day Oct. 5, in downtown Franklin.
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Ascension Health and Providence St. Joseph Health are in talks about a merger between the two Catholic non-profits that would create the largest U.S. hospital chain, the Wall Street Journal reported on Sunday, citing people familiar with the discussions.
A deal between St. Louis-based Ascension and Renton, Washington-based Providence would give the combined entity 191 hospitals in 27 states and annual revenue of $44.8 billion, the Journal reported. That would surpass the current largest U.S. hospital operator, HCA Healthcare Inc (HCA.N), a for-profit company.
Providence declined to comment on the report. Ascension did not respond to a request for comment.
The two have been in talks about a deal for months but have not reached an agreement, the Journal reported. The paper said that unlike for-profit companies, mergers of nonprofit hospital operators do not typically involve one entity buying the other.
The merger talks come at a pivotal time in the industry, as a series of deals, major changes to the 2010 Affordable Care Act, dubbed Obamacare, and rising drug prices have reshaped the U.S. healthcare landscape.
Last week, Catholic Health Initiatives CAHEA.UL and Dignity Health announced that they had signed a definitive agreement to align their organizations. The merger would result in the formation of a large and diverse Catholic health system.
On Dec. 3, CVS Health Corp (CVS.N) and Aetna Inc (AET.N) proposed a $69 billion merger, arguing it would enable the companies to tackle soaring healthcare spending by offering lower-cost medical services in pharmacies. That deal, the year's largest, would combine one of the nation's biggest pharmacy benefits managers and pharmacy operators with one of its oldest health insurers.
Of all the horrors to be reported in the news this past year, what is happening at the U.S.-Mexico border is the most astonishingly sad. Children are being jailed, forced to sleep on concrete floors and in cages and shipped all over the country away from their parents. ICE has thrown some toys, books and crayons at them, but all they want are their mommies and daddies back.
Deprived of everything they've ever known, their outlook must be bleaker than we could ever imagine.
I've been told that the parents are to blame for losing their children. They broke the law and must face the consequences. I've never heard a more wrongheaded, deflective argument to justify what is truly a humanitarian crisis.
The families pouring over the border have risked their lives to escape the type of unrelenting violence we here on Long Island have never experienced. If a war broke out in our neighborhood and the government could or would not step in to help, I guarantee everyone reading this would do whatever it took to flee to a safer place, even across borders, to give a better life to their children.
I never thought I'd live in a time when people coldly turn their backs on suffering children—in the name of upholding the law. People crossing the border seeking asylum are painted by the current administration and its supporters as lawless criminals, here to steal our jobs and rape our women.
Worse, they are described as “vermin” here to “infest” America, the same dehumanizing language used to describe Jews before the Holocaust, the Tutsi people in the years leading up to the Rwandan genocide and the Khmer Rouge as it exterminated Cambodians.
I thought internment camps were a dark part of America's past, not part of our once bright future.
Laws matter, but laws aren't always moral or just. Slavery used to be law. Harriet Tubman broke the law when she smuggled escaped slaves out of the South with the Underground Railroad. She is a hero. Oskar Schindler broke the law when he saved the lives of 1,200 Jews during the Holocaust. He is a hero.
When laws dictate cruel and inhumane treatment of children, or any human being, it is our duty to break the law. And then change the law.
The news cycle sometimes moves too fast for a weekly newspaper. If by the time this is published everything I've described here has been miraculously reversed, just remember—it still happened. The United States of America really did cage children like animals. This can't be ignored. This can't be erased. And the trauma inflicted can never be undone.
To help reunite the separated families, call your representatives, take the to streets and support RAICES Texas at www.raicestexas.org.
—Kimberly Dijkstra
Agree? Disagree? We'd love to hear from you! Send a letter to the editor to kdijkstra@antonmediagroup.com.
……………
Personal media player software maker Plex says it's now easier for mobile users on Android to play any video file saved on their device within its app. The move will enable it to better challenge VLC, an app users have historically turned to in order play a wider variety of video file formats. The new feature is entering a public beta today, and will support local playback of a number of file types, says Plex, including MKV, MP4, AVI, and WMV.
The expanded support arrives at a time when Plex is trying to reinvent itself as a DIY alternative to streaming TV services. It recently rolled out options to record live TV using a DVR-like function, as well as watching local channels by connecting Plex with an antenna.
However, many Plex users already have a robust video library with TV shows and movies from a variety of sources (cough, torrents) – some of which may be more difficult to play on mobile. This new option means you can load up those files on an SD card, or just sync them over to your device, then use Plex's Android app to watch them while on the go.
It will also allow you to open files you have saved in another app – like Dropbox, for instance – and then play them in Plex. And you can use the Plex app to play files from your web browser, from your Downloads, or from a file explorer app, says Plex.
It's worth noting, too, that this makes Plex more of a standalone app on mobile, as it no longer requires a connection with your Plex media server in order to work. (That's where the VLC comparisons come in.)
According to Plex's documentation, the mobile app will fetch fresh metadata for your media file when it's opened – that is, a TV episode or movie file will show the title and artwork, while other video files will show the filename and thumbnail. In addition, most of the playback controls are available when playing a local video file, including seeking and skipping, and changing the audio tracks and subtitle tracks.
Not all video files are supported at launch, though – but most native Android formats can be played, along with some third-party formats. (Some will require Plex's app to be activated/unlocked to allow full playback, the company notes.) Casting is not supported, either, nor can Plex remember your playback position for local files.
The new feature is available now in just updated Plex Android app (ver. 6.0 for Android phones and tablets), but is considered a public beta. The app is out now in Google Play, and will arrive soon on the Amazon App Store.
Viewers who want to watch the 2017 Rose Bowl Parade will be in luck, with streaming video available for the New Year's holiday tradition that's actually pushed back one day later this year. The Rose Bowl Parade will be held Monday in Pasadena, with the festivities kicking off at 11 a.m. ET (8 a.m. PT). The parade will be broadcast on a host of channels both in the United States and internationally, and will also be available online (a link to the streaming video can be found below). Some viewers may have been a bit confused to turn on the television on January 1, the day the parade is normally held, and found only NFL pregame shows. Since its inception in 1890, the founders contended with difficulty of holding the parade on a Sunday. As Onward State noted, the parade organizers came into trouble in 1893 when New Year's Day fell on a Sunday, and they were afraid that the parade would spook horses outside of churches along the parade route. That unique dilemma led to what became a permanent tradition of never holding the Rose Bowl Parade on a Sunday, something that has happened 15 times since the parade was first founded. Those who do watch the parade will see quite a show. The Rose Bowl Parade covers 5.1 miles and took 80,000 man hours of work to put together, Fansided reported. [Image by Alberto E. Rodriguez/Getty Images] And as Onward State noted, there is quite a bit that goes into each of the floats. “The 2017 Rose Parade will feature 44 different floats, more than 400 horses, and 22 marching bands (including the Blue Band). The Tournament of Roses requires that every float must have its entire exterior surfaces covered in organic material: flowers, seeds, bark, vegetables, fruits, nuts, etc. No artificial material is allowed, nor is artificial coloring of organic material. In fact, the parade uses so many flowers, the 1892 parades organizers once feared a shortage of flowers due to harsh winter storms.” And the fantastic floats seen in the Rose Bowl Parade aren't just something that come together at the last minute. As PennLive.com reported, the process of creating a float and entering it into the parade takes close to a full year. Designs for the floats are submitted to the Tournament of Roses — the committee that oversees the parade — in February and receive approval in March. The floats are built using only plant material and then tested to make sure they can drive and function correctly, the report noted. The process of actually affixing seeds and dried flowers to the floats starts around the beginning of December, with about 60 people working 10 hours a day for 10 days to decorate a single float, PennLive.com reported. [Image by Alberto E. Rodriguez/Getty Images] Watching the 2017 Rose Bowl Parade live online might be the only practical way to see it if you can't make it to a television. While the parade itself will attract crowds of people, it's not that easy to get a good spot. As MyNewsLA.com reported, people started showing up more than 18 hours in advance of the parade to make sure they could see it. “A permanent spot on a sidewalk can be kept by standing vigil, starting at noon Sunday. The traditional Rose Parade ‘blue line' along the street is the honor line. People and their belongings must remain on the curb until 11 p.m. Sunday, when they can move to the honor line.” Those who want to watch the 2017 Rose Bowl Parade live online will actually have a few options to choose from. There will be live-streaming video of Monday's parade on ESPN's online site WatchESPN. There will also be live video of the parade on HGTV and KTLA. [Featured Image by Alberto E. Rodriguez/Getty Images]
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
TALLAHASSEE, Fla. -- Willie Taggart had a ready answer when he was asked to describe the offensive system he plans to run at Florida State.
“Talkin' about the Gulf Coast offense, huh?” he asked.
“How would I describe it?” Taggart paused, perhaps for effect.
“Lethal simplicity,” Taggart said.
Next to him, athletic director Stan Wilcox beamed. Those two words may have meant more than anything else Taggart said during his introductory news conference last week. Taggart has much to do during his first few months on the job, but among the most intriguing items on the checklist is how he will reimagine and modernize an offense that has been stuck in the past.
New Florida State coach Willie Taggart said that his offensive system will "allow our guys to go out and play football and play fast." AP Photo/Mark Wallheiser
Let's start with "lethal" first. Since Jameis Winston left Florida State, the Seminoles have become one of the most methodical offenses in the country. There's nothing wrong with methodical, so long as productivity follows.
With a true freshman quarterback this season, these issues were exacerbated further, and Florida State averaged only 61 plays per game. That ranked in the bottom 10 nationally.
As college football has tilted more toward spread, tempo offenses, many schools have followed. Evolution has become necessary, and not much evolved under Jimbo Fisher. Just last month, he told reporters in Tallahassee that he has been running the same offense since the early 1990s during a discussion about his offensive philosophy and the way he has coached James Blackman.
Taggart began his career running a pro-style offense, too, but he has found ways to adapt based on his personnel. The Gulf Coast offense is a smash-up of what he has learned, using principles that allow his players more freedom to use their athletic abilities to make plays. South Florida quarterback Quinton Flowers is a perfect example. He began to flourish only after Taggart quit trying to rein him in.
This is where the simplicity comes in. Far too often, those who played under Fisher or studied his offenses described them as "complex." Fisher balked at that assertion throughout the season when he was continually asked whether the offense was too complicated for a true freshman to run.
Pick the winner of all 41 bowl games this year in ESPN's Capital One Bowl Mania game and win $1,000,000! Play Now for Free!
But various players pointed specifically to the complicated schemes and calls when describing what Blackman had to pick up as the starter. (Since Blackman is a true freshman, he was not allowed to speak to the media this season.)
Whatever the case, hindsight makes it blatantly clear that a fresh offensive look was necessary. Florida State brings in some of the best athletes in the country every single season. Now is the time to turn those athletes loose on offense, to use their speed, skill and talent to their advantage.
"We want to score fast and often, but be really simple when it comes to teaching our players,” Taggart said. “Not confusing them with what we need to do, but allow our guys to go out and play football and play fast.
“Score touchdowns. We all like touchdowns. I really like explosive plays. You'll see a lot of explosive plays. ... I like to score fast and often and take pride in doing that.”
Let's take this season as an example. Oregon, under Taggart, had 72 plays that went for 20 or more yards; Florida State had 52. Now, 2017 does serve as an exception at Florida State because the Seminoles played without Deondre Francois.
But when this offense hit its peak with Winston in 2013, Florida State had 109 plays that went over 20 yards in 14 games. Of course, it was not just Winston. The Seminoles also had Kelvin Benjamin, Rashad Greene, Nick O'Leary, Devonta Freeman, Karlos Williams and James Wilder Jr. Among that group, only Wilder went undrafted.
Over the past two drafts, Dalvin Cook was the only Seminoles offensive player drafted. And heading into the 2018 draft, Florida State doesn't have an elite prospect at any of the offensive skill positions. The downturn has been hard to watch at times, a combination of a complex offense, unreached potential, injuries and questionable coaching, especially given the top-five signing classes Fisher brought in.
But all hope should not be lost, especially with a fresh start. Florida State returns a wealth of talent, from Cam Akers at running back to Auden Tate and Noonie Murray at receiver and a healthy Francois at quarterback. If Jacques Patrick returns, the Seminoles will have as good a 1-2 combination at running back as any team out there. And these are just the players who have seen time for Florida State.
The recruiting pitch should be an easy sell for Taggart, both on the trail and inside his own locker room. Every offensive player should want to sign up to make more plays in a simpler, faster offense.
Bedfordshire Police are investigating after a charity shop was broken into in Dunstable.
Keech Hospice Care charity shop in Ashton Square was broken into via the back door between 5pm on Saturday, April 21, and 8.15am on Monday, April 23.
A spokesman for Bedfordshire Police said: “Offenders stole money from the safe, after ripping it out and then stole the charity collection tin from the shop counter.”
The charity is appealing for the public's help.
A spokesperson for Keech said: “We are saddened by this incident and ask if anyone can help by donating their unwanted quality items to the shop, we would be very grateful at this difficult time.
“As a charity, we rely on the community, including our 31 charity shops, to help to raise 70 per cent of the £5.7 million we need every year to care for adults in Luton and south Bedfordshire and children in Bedfordshire, Hertfordshire and Milton Keynes with terminal and life-limiting illnesses.
“We are working with Bedfordshire Police who are investigating the incident.”
Anyone with information can 101 quoting crime reference number JD/18427/2018.
MUMBAI/NEW DELHI (Reuters) - Sixty children have died at a hospital in Uttar Pradesh this week, prompting local media to blame the fatalities on a lack of oxygen supplies.
The BRD Medical College specified that 34 were babies who died at the neo-natal intensive care unit, while 12 died because of encephalitis. The rest died of other unspecified causes.
Local media reports have said some of the deaths were caused due to an oxygen shortage after a private supplier withdrew its equipment over unpaid hospital dues.
BRD Medical Chief Medical Superintendent Dr R.S. Shukla denied the deaths had been caused by a lack of oxygen supplies when asked by Reuters.
The hospital, in a statement, said there had been a "drop in pressure in the supply of liquid oxygen" on Thursday, but added cylinders were procured from various other suppliers. It did not specify whether that had resulted in any deaths.
The breakdown of the death toll provided by the hospital showed a spike on Thursday, with 23 fatalities, including 14 babies at its neo-natal unit.
The Uttar Pradesh and federal governments are investigating the matter, officials said. A tweet from the Prime Minister's office said Narendra Modi was constantly monitoring the situation.
POLITICAL FIRESTORM
The deaths have sparked a political firestorm as opposition politicians sought to pin the blame on Modi's Bharatiya Janata Party, which rules the state.
The hospital is located in Gorakhpur district, which is represented by Uttar Pradesh chief minister Yogi Adityanath, who was appointed to head the state this year.
"The current government is responsible for the deaths of children in Gorakhpur due to the lack of oxygen. Strict action should be taken," tweeted former Uttar Pradesh chief minister Akhilesh Yadav.
State government officials in TV appearances chastised opposition leaders for seeking to politicize the issue.
Outbreaks of encephalitis are common every year in India, claiming hundreds of lives, especially during the monsoon season. The disease is most often caused by contaminated food or water, mosquito bites, or through breathing in respiratory droplets from an infected person.
India spends about one percent of its GDP on public health, among the lowest in the world. Successive governments have faced criticism for not reforming the overburdened public health system which is still plagued with shortage of doctors and dilapidated infrastructure.
Modi's government has in recent years increased health spending and vowed to make healthcare more affordable.
Sound Africa looks into what is behind the reportedly high number of occult crimes in South Africa. Rasmus Bitsch meets, among others, an archbishop, a passionate academic, and a man they call God's Detective. By SOUND AFRICA.
We often hear of witchcraft killings and satanic murders in South Africa. The brutal and bizarre capture our collective imagination and feed our fascination with the macabre. But is there really a wave of satanic murders in South Africa? And if so, to what extent is this phenomenon something unique - something we can separate from the violence that defines South African society more broadly? Is all the talk of occult murders just mass hysteria fed by conservative anxieties? Sound Africa finds out.
Sound Africa is an independent South African podcast collective. The podcast above is part of our inaugural season, and we're pleased to announce the imminent release of our second season, Nuclear SA, which will be published on the Daily Maverick website early in 2017. Visit soundafrica.org to find our more about us and support independent media in SA.
discontinuing “Hindu meals +
NEW DELHI: Emirates on Wednesday reversed its decision of” from its flights after receiving flak from social media users in India.The Dubai-based carrier had earlier this week said it will drop “Hindu meals” from food options while continuing to offer both veg and non-veg meals in conformity with religious beliefs of Indians. But social media users expressed strong opposition to this move, forcing Emirates — the largest foreign airline in India in terms of flying people in and out of the country — to cancel its decision.“Based on feedback from our customers, Emirates confirms we will continue to provide a Hindu meal option, to make it easier for our Hindu customers to identify and request this option,” the airline said in a statement late Wednesday evening.“Emirates has always provided a wide variety of special meals that can be ordered at least 24 hours in advance to cater to our customers with medical or religious dietary requirements, including our Hindu customers… We constantly review our offering, taking into consideration customer uptake and feedback. Food and drink form an integral part of any Emirates flight experience and our menus are created by leading chefs to reflect the culture and preferences of Emirates' diverse customer base,” the statement added.Most big airlines give meal options based on several factors like religious, medical and dietary considerations for the sake of clarity. Air India and Singapore Airlines, for instance, have special meals titled ‘religious' in their menu. These include: Hindu Non-Vegetarian Meal (HNML) which does not contain beef, veal, pork, smoked and raw fish; Muslim/Moslem Meal (MOML) that contains no alcohol, pork and is prepared in accordance with halal method; and Kosher Meal (KSML) that is prepared according to Jewish specifications and contains meat.The vegetarian meal of international airlines has several options like Indian veg (no meat, seafood and eggs); Jain meal (no onions, garlic, ginger, mushrooms and root vegetables); Oriental and vegan (no dairy product).“Not everyone is a seasoned traveller knowing the subtle differences between meal options given by airlines. Hindu non-veg meant no beef and was safely chosen by Indian travellers. There may be confusion by people booking tickets in initial days,” said a Delhi-based travel agent.
Restricted free agent Andreas Athanasiou and the Red Wings have yet to come to terms on a new contract. (Photo: David Guralnick, Detroit News)
Detroit — Andreas Athanasiou is off to Switzerland for some skating and to see what opportunities there might be for an unsigned restricted free agent from the NHL in Europe.
Red Wings GM Ken Holland confirmed that the speedy 23-year-old forward, who scored 18 goals for an offensively challenged Wings team last season, called him Friday morning and told him he was off across the Atlantic to test the waters.
“He called me today just to say that he is going to Europe,” Holland said.
Asked how the conversation went, Holland paused and said, “Double-A's going to Europe.”
Athanasiou, whose skill tantalizes a franchise rebuilding while attempting to make the playoffs, is the only unsigned RFA in the NHL.
His playing time became an issue at a few junctures during his two-season tenure with the Red Wings, as coach Jeff Blashill said Athanasiou needed to affect games for longer stints than he had.
Like Dylan Larkin and Anthony Mantha, and what is likely to be a succession of young players moving through the roster in the next few seasons, Athanasiou is still developing in the NHL.
More: Red Wings bask in glow of opening win, Kronwall ailing
More: Red Wings explain all the empty seats for LCA opener
Both Larkin and Mantha have seen their time on ice reduced, at times, based on effectiveness.
Even veteran players sometimes receive that treatment.
Athanasiou's agent, Darren Ferris, was not immediately available for comment.
TSN's Bob McKenzie, who first reported the news about Athanasiou Friday, reported Athanasiou has no contract in Europe, but is traveling there to skate and test the market.
The National League in Switzerland has produced NHL players in the past, offered a refuge for exiles and prolonged the careers of retirees.
The Red Wings have made clear the negotiations with Athanasiou are stalled because the Red Wings have a market value for him based on comparable players around the league, and Athanasiou is seeking more.
The Wings also are up against the hard salary cap of the NHL. But roster moves can alleviate that obstacle.
Athanasiou also entertained KHL offers from Russia in August, including one for $3 million that is more than $1 million richer than what the Wings are considered likely to have offered.
Martin Frk, who took Athansiou's spot on the roster, surprised the Red Wings with his performance in the preseason and assisted on the team's first goal of the regular season against the Wild on Thursday, while displaying among the hardest shots in the NHL.
The line of Larkin, Mantha and Frk played well, almost continuously.
gregg.krupa@detroitnews.com
twitter.com/greggkrupa
Melania Trump remains a riddle wrapped in a mystery inside an enigma almost one year after moving into the White House. When not seen dodging the president's hand or decrying internet bullies, a question arises among the press: Just where is the First Lady?
She's not appeared publicly in 20 days, per CNN, perhaps sparking a tweet Wednesday from her account: "I see the media is working overtime speculating where I am & what I'm doing. Rest assured, I'm here at the @WhiteHouse w my family, feeling great, & working hard on behalf of children & the American people!"
Many noted that "working overtime" appears repeatedly in President Trump's tweets, leading many to think he dictated it. That, too, remains a mystery.
This is OnPolitics Today: Subscribe here.
As the 'Roseanne' empire crumbles, Trump speaks: I should get an apology, too!
After a racist tweet from Roseanne Barr resulted in the cancellation of TV's No. 1 show, Trump — who's friendly with Barr — weighed in on the the drama around his famous fan: He deserves an apology. "Bob Iger of ABC called Valerie Jarrett to let her know that 'ABC does not tolerate comments like those' made by Roseanne Barr," Trump tweeted Wednesday. "Gee, he never called President Donald J. Trump to apologize for the HORRIBLE statements made and said about me on ABC. Maybe I just didn't get the call?" Jarrett, the one-time Obama advisor, said Trump set the tone that came out in Barr's tweet.
Trump, who once sang Roseanne's praises in Ohio, stayed silent on her at his Tuesday rally.
President Donald Trump makes remarks at a roundtable meeting on sanctuary cities May 16, 2018, in the Cabinet Room at the White House in Washington, D.C.
Jim Watson, AFP/Getty Images
I wish I had quit you: Trump drags Jeff Sessions amid Russia drama
After Republican Rep. Trey Gowdy said Trump could've picked someone besides Jeff Session for attorney general, the president had five words: "And I wish I did!" Trump's tweet followed a New York Times report that investigators want to know just how Trump tried to stop Sessions from backing out of the Russia investigation over his Kremlin contacts. Meanwhile, a Senate panel is ramping up for Congress' last weigh-in on Russia, and those on the committee — from Trump fan Tom Cotton to Trump critic Kamala Harris — remain hopeful they'll reach a bipartisan conclusion on whether Trump's campaign colluded with Putin & Co.
President Trump and Attorney General Jeff Sessions.
Evan Vucci, AP
Mexico to Trump on funding that wall: 'Not now, not ever'
Trump this week dusted off a crowd-pleasing promise largely missing since his campaign days: Mexico will pay for the wall. That vow, made again at Tuesday's rally, found swift repudiation from Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto. "Mexico will never pay for a wall. Not now, not ever," he tweeted, signed "Mexico (all of us)." On Wednesday, advocates called on U.S. immigration authorities to stop holding transgender migrants seeking asylum in detention centers after a 33-year-old transgender woman died while in custody at a New Mexico facility. Border policies on asylum seekers, unaccompanied minors and families have become conflated in recent weeks. The debate comes as Republican Republicans embrace a Trump-style immigration platform in ads (14,000 of which have run this year).
These last two items come courtesy of The Short List, USA TODAY's all-news-including-occasionally-politics newsletter.Do subscribe.
Elsewhere in politics
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
NEW YORK (AP)  Three Islamic State group sympathizers plotted to cause bloodshed at New York City concert venues, subway stations and Times Square before U.S. agents thwarted the international terror plot, authorities said Friday.
One of the defendants, Abdulrahman El Bahnasawy, was arrested after traveling from Canada to New Jersey in May 2016 to stage the attacks, authorities said. The capture of the Canadian citizen came after an investigation using an undercover FBI agent posing as an Islamic extremist that also led to the arrests last year of U.S. citizen Talha Haroon in Pakistan and Russell Salic in the Philippines, where he's a citizen.
According to criminal complaints, El Bahnasawy, 19, sent the undercover agent an image of Times Square with a smartphone message saying, "We seriously need to car bomb times square. Look at these crowds of people!"
In another, he expressed a desire to "shoot up concerts cuz they kill a lot people. ... We just walk in with guns in our hands. That's how Paris guys did it," the papers said in an apparent reference to the slaughter by men armed with assault weapons at the Bataclan concert hall in Paris during a performance of the rock group Eagles of Death Metal in 2015.
Advertisement
The complaints unsealed Friday did not name the New York City venues.
The undercover agent and El Bahnasawy also were in communication with the 19-year-old Haroon, who wanted to join El Bahnasawy in New York City for the attacks, authorities said. Haroon, who at one point met with an explosive expert in Pakistan for information on building bombs, told the undercover agent the subway was a "perfect" place to shoot passengers, and that "when we run out of bullets we let the vests go off," the court papers said.
After Haroon talked about what was needed to build explosives, El Bahnasawy bought 40 pounds of hydrogen peroxide, batteries, Christmas lights, thermometers and other ingredients commonly used in homemade bombs, authorities said. He later shipped the material to the undercover agent in the United States, where he and Haroon planned to use a cabin in a rural area within driving distance of the city to build bombs and take target practice, they said.
Salic, 37, was accused of sending money to help fund the attacks, court papers said. He told the undercover agent his ultimate goal was to join the Islamic State group in Syria but that "it would be a great pleasure if we can slaughter" people in New York, the papers said.
El Bahnasawy pleaded guilty in October 2016, but the case was sealed while the investigation continued. His attorney, Sabrina Shroff, declined to comment Friday.
Haroon and Salic were awaiting extradition overseas. It's not clear if they have attorneys.
All three men face possible terms of live in prison on charges including conspiracy to use weapons of mass destruction and conspiracy to provide material support to terrorists.
The Royal Canadian Mounted Police said it assisted the FBI in the investigation.
"At no time was the safety or security of the public at risk," it said.
___
Associated Press writer Robert Gillies in Toronto contributed to this report.
Lions defensive lineman Kerry Hyder is carted off the field after an injury in the first quarter Sunday against Indianapolis. (Photo: Daniel Mears, Detroit News)
Indianapolis — The Detroit Lions suffered a devastating blow in Sunday's exhibition victory over the Colts, likely losing defensive end Kerry Hyder to a season-ending Achilles injury.
Lions coach Jim Caldwell wasn't prepared to offer a definitive prognosis, only acknowledging the injury looked serious.
Hyder went down in the first quarter and team trainers tended to his left leg. He wasn't able to support any weight on the leg as he was loaded on to a cart and driven to the locker room for further evaluation.
Even though the Lions cruised to an easy win, the injury puts a damper on an otherwise good day for the team.
“He's an awesome teammate and a better person,” teammates Anthony Zettel said. “To see a guy like that go down, it makes you sick to your stomach.”
More: The latest look at Lions' position battles
Hyder led the Lions with 8.5 sacks last season and had been projected as a starter. His injury is the latest blow to a banged-up defensive line and further emphasizes the question of where the team's pass rush will come from this season.
Ziggy Ansah remains on the physically unable to perform list with an undisclosed injury and Cornelius Washington and Armonty Bryant have missed most training camp and were inactive against the Colts. And even when he gets healthy, Bryant is suspended for the first four games of the season after violating the league's substance abuse policy.
Already facing increased expectations entering his second season, that puts even more weight on Zettel's shoulders to fill the void.
“I'm not going to overload myself to where I'm thinking too much and taking me out of what I've been doing,” Zettel said. “But I know I have a bigger role, and I just want to play for these guys and play for Kerry because they would do it for me.”
Detroit also has three, unheralded rookie edge rushers who have an opportunity to step up. Seventh-round draft pick Pat O'Connor and undrafted free agents Jeremiah Valoaga and Alex Barrett each recorded a sack in the win over the Colts.
“They functioned pretty well today, made some plays,” Jim Caldwell said. “They have promise and did some good things today.”
jdrogers@detroitnews.com
twitter.com/justin_rogers
© Jim Scott
Rising ice and flood waters have forced hundreds of people from their homes in Manitoba.Jason Small of the Canadian Red Cross says 107 people from the Opaskwayak Cree Nation are being temporarily housed in hotels in The Pas about 500 kilometres northwest of Winnipeg.He says another 325 people were evacuated from their homes earlier this month from five other First Nations.Manitoba forecasters issued a flood warning on the weekend for some areas affected by ice jams on the Carrot and Saskatchewan rivers.The province says water levels were going down in some rivers until storms dumped about 25 millimetres of precipitation on the weekend.Small says the evacuees are being provided with lodging, food and other living expenses.
FILE - In this June 26, 2018, file photo, a U.S. Border Patrol truck enters the Port Isabel Detention Center, which holds detainees of the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, in Los Fresnos, Texas. Parents who have been separated from their children at the border are in fragile state of mind as they go into high-stakes initial screening interview for asylum. A network of volunteer lawyers has counseled about 210 separated parents at Port Isabel Detention Facility, including about 150 who have already done initial interviews. David J. Phillip, File AP Photo
Jim Rogers: Bitcoin in Bubble Territory? Video – Silver Doctors
The legendary investor tells Silver Doctors, “Just because it looks like a bubble doesn't mean its the end of the story.”
Roger's says the Internet will change money as we know it. Will Bitcoin be the change? Possibly, however, Bitcoin looks like a bubble right now, he says. “Bubbles can go on a long time, and they often do,” Rogers notes. “Just because it looks like a bubble doesn't mean its the end of the story.”
The world has a money problem. People are losing confidence in governments and their currencies, Rogers says. At these times throughout history, people have moved their focus to gold and silver.
The Fed is expected to raise rates soon, and possibly a few times in 2018. Rogers says raising rates could be a catalyst for a stock market crash. Gold and silver will crash along with the stock market initially. However, he hopes at that time he'll be smart enough to buy more. “Before this is over,” he says, “gold and silver are going to get very over priced.”
Video Source
loading...
Sharing is caring!
WASHINGTON, Aug 11 (Reuters) - President Trump will call on Monday for his chief trade adviser to investigate China's intellectual property practices, Politico reported, citing an unnamed administration official.
Trump had been expected to call for a so-called Section 301 investigation under the 1974 Trade Act earlier this month, but action had been postponed as the White House pressed for China's cooperation in reining in North Korea's nuclear program.
Politico said it was not clear how much detail Trump would provide in his announcement, but that administration officials expected U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer to open a section 301 probe. (Reporting by Tim Ahmann; Editing by Clarence Fernandez)
Automobiles are more tech-laden than ever and, according to a recent study, those interactive bells and whistles contribute heavily to distracted driving.
With connected cars ready to shoot off assembly lines and into driveways at an accelerated pace, the danger of someone flicking through their dashboard menus when they should be looking at the road is only going to grow. Many states prohibit phone usage while driving, yet there is no law against setting your radio pre-tunes or customizing your digital dashboard while hurtling down the expressway — not that there necessarily should be.
However, the American Automobile Association's Foundation for Traffic Safety commissioned researchers from the University of Utah to examine the physical and mental demand required to complete various tasks using the infotainment systems in 30 new 2017 vehicles. The conclusion was that the growing cavalcade of buttons, screens, and technology does an incredibly good job at keeping you from minding the road ahead.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Amal Clooney is helping her good friend Meghan Markle settle into life in London, according to reports.
The human rights lawyer and Duchess of Sussex are said to have been introduced by a mutual friend before growing closer after Meghan's move to the UK last year following her engagement to Prince Harry.
“Meghan and Amal have known each other for a while [and share] many interests,” a source told People magazine.
“Amal has been helping Meghan settle into London life,” the source continued. “It was a very natural friendship from day one.”
(Image: Getty)
(Image: PA)
(Image: PA)
Amal, who was the next best dressed at the Royal Wedding after Meghan in her stunning yellow frock, and husband George Clooney own a property in the picturesque village of Sonning-on-Thames, Berkshire, as well as their property in Lake Como.
Meanwhile, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex are said to have recently headed off on their honeymoon.
It's thought that the pair headed for the Canadian Rockies, specifically Jasper National Park in the heart of the province of Alberta.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
According to TMZ , the Duke and Duchess of Sussex will be staying in a secluded log cabin at Fairmont Jasper Park Lodge , a sprawling resort set in pristine wilderness.
Their home-from-home will be the 6,000sqft Outlook Cabin dubbed "The Royal Retreat" as it has hosted a number of other royal guests including the current Queen and Prince Philip in 2005 and her parents in 1939.
Jasper Park Lodge is set on the shores of Lac Beauvert and has a vast golf course which has been rated the best in Canada.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
(Image: Getty)
The couple is likely to be protected by Canadian and British security. Sources told TMZ that the 700-acre resort had ordered in specialist gear it normally does not keep on site.
Jasper is a UNESCO World Heritage site reknown for its abundant wildlife including grizzly, black bears, mountain caribou, elk, moose and wolves.
WARSAW (Reuters) - Five people, including two teenage girl scouts, died and more than 30 were injured as a result of falling trees in a series of severe storms that hit Poland overnight.
The girls, 13 and 14, were crushed by falling trees while sleeping in a tent when a storm hit their campground late on Friday in the Tuchola Forest in northern Poland, according to the Regional Crisis Management Team office in Gdansk.
Some 20 scouts were injured and taken to local hospitals.
Adam Kralisz, chairman of the Lodz Region of the Scouting Association of the Republic (Poland), where the scouts were from, told the private Polsat television that evacuation was ordered immediately, but conditions were horrendous.
"We had to force our way for kilometers through the forest, among falling trees," he said.
Broken trees are seen after a powerful storm near the village of Szuszek in northern Poland August 12, 2017. Picture taken August 12, 2017. Agencja Gazeta/Renata D?browska via REUTERS
Three other victims also died as a result of falling trees and 10 people were injured in separate incidents in Poland's north.
Slideshow (2 Images)
More than 170,000 people were left without power and 800 buildings were damaged in storms that hit mostly Poland's north and west, according to the Regional Crisis Management Team in Gdansk.
More storms were expected on Saturday and warnings of severe weather conditions were issued for a number of regions amid unusually high for Poland temperatures that on Friday reached 35 to 38 Celsius.
An emergency meeting of the government's Crisis Management Team was called on Saturday and Prime Minister Beata Szydlo promised to help all those in need.
Grzegorz Nowik, head of the Scouting Association of the Republic (Poland), ordered a month of mourning for the organization.
Mumbai: A significant number of recommendations by the Uday Kotak panel on corporate governance are in conflict with provisions of the Companies Act 2013 and also face dissent from the ministry of corporate affairs (MCA) and other regulatory bodies such as the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI).
Take, for instance, the proposal for the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) to penalize auditors if it observes lapses in their review of listed companies' numbers. Or the one which suggests that Sebi should ask for disclosures on the ultimate beneficiaries of depository receipts. The first falls under ICAI's purview while the tax department oversees the second.
“The ICAI has expressed its dissent on the above recommendation as the regulation of chartered accountants is covered under the Chartered Accountants Act, 1949 and to avoid jurisdictional conflict and other issues,” said the committee's report.
Even MCA, in its comments on the report, said Sebi's powers on auditors of listed entities need “to be examined”.
The Kotak committee had also recommended a penalty of Rs 1 crore on an auditor for any wrongdoing and Rs5 crore for repeat violations. Even on this, ICAI dissented, saying this was beyond the scope of the committee and that disciplinary measures for auditors will come under the proposed National Financial Reporting Authority, a regulatory agency for auditors.
The ministry of finance has objected to the depository receipt proposal. It said that a working group of Sebi, the Reserve Bank of India, the central board of direct taxes and the ministry of finance was working on a proposal to identify such beneficiaries and it would not accept any recommendation of the committee at this stage.
The report, which was submitted by the Sebi-appointed panel on Thursday, has called for public feedback till 4 November.
Of the 24 recommendations on the board of directors alone, the MCA has expressed dissent on 12.
“Even in the past, many well-drafted recommendations have not reached their logical conclusion because regulators are not in sync. There needs to be some mechanism for harmonization between different regulatory authorities so that well-intended regulations are not canned,” said Tejesh Chitlangi, partner, IC Universal Legal.
The committee suggested that a listed company have six directors. Currently, there is no such provision in the listing regulations, and companies rely on provisions of the Companies Act which prescribes a minimum of three directors.
MCA has expressed its reservations on the clause, stating that it will add to costs for firms. However, the ministry of finance has suggested that the increased number of directors be mandated in a phased manner.
The committee recommended that there be one woman independent director on the board to promote gender diversity. MCA has suggested one woman director who is not a relative of promoters or managers.
MCA has also said that requirements for independent directors, such as their qualifications or expertise, should be covered under the Companies Act rather than under multiple statutes.
“In principle, it is not an overlap, MCA is looking at over 7-8 lakh companies whereas Sebi has jurisdiction over only about 5,000 listed companies. So, as a regulator for the listed space, Sebi ideally should be able to draft and prescribe stricter rules,” said Sandeep Parekh, founder, Finsec Law Advisors.
“Clearly, there is a need for a harmonized approach to ensure that rules do not overlap. However, considering Sebi is looking at the listed space, where (its) mandate is deepening the capital market and investor protection, (it) can prescribe stricter regulations,” said Sandip Khetan, partner, EY India.
The Kotak committee also proposed that transactions involving payments made to a related party with respect to brand usage or royalty shall be considered material if the value exceeds 5% of the annual consolidated revenue of a listed entity. MCA wants the threshold to be brought down to 2%.
In New Delhi on Friday, railway minister Piyush Goyal faulted the way independent directors are chosen by companies for corporate governance failures.
“When I run my board, I will choose someone who agrees with me and are ‘yes men' and that is the whole problem,” Goyal said at the World Economic Forum.
Referring to a suggestion that companies make public the relevant skills of their directors, Goyal said that when he became power minister, he didn't know even the ‘P' of power or ‘C' of coal. “Similarly, IAS officers all over the country—many of them have done illustrious jobs and I don't think they are some domain experts. Even Sreedharan didn't know what metro looks like when he became ‘metro man' of India,” Goyal said, referring to E. Sreedharan, who oversaw the construction of the Delhi Metro network. Goyal praised the suggestion that there be at least one independent woman director on the board. “To my mind you have to encourage diversity of opinion and diversity of experience.”
jayshree.p@livemint.com
Jyotika Sood in New Delhi contributed to this story.
ISLAMABAD, July 4 (APP):Pakistan Tehreek-i-Insaf (PTI) Chief Imran Khan, Pakistan Muslim League-Nawaz (PML-N) President Shehbaz Sharif and Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP) Chairman Bilawal Bhutto-Zardari are contesting upcoming general election from more than two constituencies.
PTI chief Imran Khan will contest from five constituencies including NA-35 (Bannu), NA-53 (Islamabad), NA-95 (Mianwali), NA-131 (Lahore) and NA-243 (Karachi).
PML-N President Shehbaz Sharif is contesting from four constituencies including NA-132 (Lahore), NA-192 (Dera Gazi Khan), NA-3 (Swat) and NA-249 (Karachi).
PPP Chairman Bilawal Bhutto Zardari will contest from three constituencies NA-5 (Malakand), NA-200 (Larkana) and NA-246 (Karachi).
However, former president Asif Ali Zardari will contest election from one constituency NA-213 (Shaheed Benazirabad).
Chaudhry Nisar Ali Khan is up for two National Assembly seats from NA-56 and NA-63 Rawalpindi and four provincial assembly seats from PP-10, PP-12, PP-19 and PP-20 constituencies.
Awami Muslim League Head Sheikh Rashid Ahmed will contest from NA-60 and NA-62 Rawalpindi constituencies.
Former premier and PML-N candidate Shahid Khaqan Abbasi is contesting from NA-53 (Islamabad) and NA-57 Rawalpindi constituencies.
Maryam Nawaz is contesting election from NA-125 (Lahore).
According to the Election Commission of Pakistan, a total of 3,459 candidates are contesting for 272 general seats of the national assembly while 8,396 candidates are up for 577 general seats of the four provincial assemblies.
According to details, as many as 1, 623 candidates will be flexing their muscles from Punjab, 824 from Sindh, 725 from Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, and 287 from Balochistan for the national assembly seats.
A total of 4,036 candidates are in the run for 297 general seats of the Punjab Assembly, 2, 252 candidates for 130 general seats of the Sindh Assembly, 1,165 for 99 KP Assembly seats and 943 for 51 seats of Balochistan Assembly.
Portland commuters who use the Morrison Bridge will soon have to use an alternate route: the bridge has a scheduled closure that starts Monday.
The Morrison Bridge will be closed up to two weeks beginning Monday at 12:01 a.m. The closure will affect all traffic: motor vehicles, bicyclists and pedestrians.
By FOX 12 Staff
Read more HERE from KPTV.com
California Gov. Jerry Brown on Thursday, Oct. 5, signed a bill that will limit the interactions that police and sheriff's departments in the state are able to have with federal immigration authorities.
Senate Bill 54, the “sanctuary state” bill, was one of a total of 11 bills that Brown signed into law Thursday with the intention of protecting California's undocumented immigrant communities. The other bills dealt with workplace, housing, school and civil protections for immigrants.
SB 54 prevents local and state law enforcement officers from being deputized as immigration agents, from inquiring about a person's immigration status during routine interactions and from transferring immigrant inmates to the custody of federal immigration authorities unless they've committed certain dangerous or violent crimes.
Brown issued an accompanying statement praising SB-54 when the bill was signed.
“These are uncertain times for undocumented Californians and their families, and this bill strikes a balance that will protect public safety, while bringing a measure of comfort to those families who are now living in fear every day,” part of the statement reads.
Brown noted in his statement that the bill does not prevent immigration agents from enforcing federal immigration law in the state, does not deny them access to California's jails for interviews and does not stop deportation proceedings for inmates in California's state prisons who have committed serious crimes as outlined in the TRUST Act, which was approved by the governor in 2013.
Here is a list of the other bills that Brown signed into law and what they do:
Assembly Bill 21 – Introduced by Assemblymember Ash Kalra (D-San Jose), this bill asks state universities and places of higher education to refrain from providing personal information about their students, faculty, and staff except in certain circumstances. It also asks that those places have plans in place if federal immigration authorities want to come on campus or talk to students.
Assembly Bill 291 – Introduced by Assemblymember David Chiu (D-San Francisco), this bill prohibits a landlord from threatening to report a tenant's immigration status to authorities.
Assembly Bill 299 – Introduced by Assemblymember Ian C. Calderon (D-Whittier), this bill prohibits a public agency from compelling landlords to provide immigration information about their tenants or compelling those landlords to act on a tenant's immigration status.
Assembly Bill 343 – Introduced by Assemblymember Kevin McCartey (D-Sacramento), this bill makes it so that students who have special immigrant visa status because they are refugees can pay in state tuition instead of nonresident tuition until they are considered residents.
Assembly Bill 450 – Another bill introduced by Chiu. It prohibits employers from allowing immigration agents to look at employee records without a court order. When inspection of employee records does take place, employers are supposed to notify employees within 72 hours.
Assembly Bill 699 – Introduced by Assemblymember Patrick O'Donnell (D-Long Beach), this bill prevents school districts, county offices of education and charter schools from collecting information or documents about a student's immigration status unless it's required by state or federal law for a state- or federally-supported educational program. It also requires that the state attorney general come up with “model policies” by April 1, 2018 that would limit how public schools assist in immigration enforcement.
Senate Bill 29 – Introduced by Senator Ricardo Lara (D-Bell Gardens), this bill prevents any city, county or law enforcement agency from entering into a contract for any new detention centers to hold immigrants in custody.
Senate Bill 68 – Also introduced by Lara, this bill expands the ways in which an immigrant could get in state tuition status for higher education. Originally, the person could qualify by spending three years in a California High School, but the bill makes it so that three years spent in community college or adult classes or a combination of those things could also qualify someone.
Senate Bill 156 – Introduced by Senator Joel Anderson (R-Alpine), this bill would require the California National Guard to inform its members that it will assist non-citizens to become naturalized as soon as they are eligible. It also requires the California National Guard to help non-citizens fill out all the proper paperwork they need upon request.
Senate Bill 257 – Introduced by Senator Ricardo Lara, it allows students to continue to attend the school in the district in which they were enrolled if their parents are deported and they end up living outside that district.
Money market rates in Nigeria saw a significant plunge at the first trading day of this week. As such, the Open Buy Back (OBB) and the Overnight rates slumped by about 15 percent.
Specifically, while the OBB rate went down to 3.67 percent from 17.17 percent, the overnight rate dropped to 4.42 percent from 19.67 percent in the previous session.
Analysts at Zedcrest Capital expect the rates to remain moderated, even as the market anticipate inflows from the N300 billion FGN 30-May-2018 bond maturity including N16 billion in final coupon payments.
However, the likely OMO auction by the Central Bank of Nigeria, CBN,is expected to moderate the excess liquidity in the system.
WASHINGTON—U.S. President Donald Trump doesn't only fill his public speeches with false claims. He also fills his private speeches with false claims.
Trump's Wednesday speech at a closed-door fundraiser for a Missouri Republican candidate, which cost attendees $5,000 to $50,000, made news first because of his admission that he said something about trade to Prime Minister Justin Trudeau without having any idea if it was true. Then there was a second wave of headlines about Trump's fictional story about Japan testing the quality of cars by dropping bowling balls on them.
Read more: It's no surprise Trump boasted he made up numbers on trade with Canada — he's made at least 85 false claims about trade deficits
There was more. There were 13 more. Trump's false claims about the trade balance with Canada and “the bowling ball test” were merely two of the 15 false claims he uttered to the crowd of loyal partisans.
He made 13 additional false claims over the course of the week, for a total of 28. Trump is now up to 1,342 false claims for the first 423 days of his presidency, an average of 3.2 per day.
BUSINESS
(Yonhap)
South Korean stocks are expected to experience some corrections over the next couple of months due to the geopolitical risks coming from North Korea and the recent bull market, local observers said Tuesday.The prediction follows the war of words between Washington and Pyongyang over the latest UN sanctions and threats by the North to fire off missiles towards the US Pacific territory of Guam.Observers also said that some sort of adjustment is inevitable following eight straight months of stock market gains that will nudge investors to lock in their gains by selling off shares."The market has been jittery over the exchange of words by US President Donald Trump and North Korea's Kim Jong-un," said Shinyoung Asset Management CEO Huh Nam-kwon.He said last week, Seoul's benchmark KOSPI dropped 5 percent with net selling by foreigners who contributed to the fall."Geopolitics is affecting the market since economically there is no real change," the executive said.Lee Chae-won, vice president Korea Investment Value Asset Management Co. said the drop in the bourse was predictable."The standoff with the North provided an excuse to offload shares," he said. "Even without the unfolding tensions surrounding the Korean Peninsula and exchange of threatening words, the market would have lost steam," the chief investment officer said.Others said that corrections will last one or two months or upwards to several months depending on various circumstances, although many claimed that the latest correction will lead to a rebound down the road especially with undervalued shares.The KOSPI may move back to the 2,300 point line, but since local stock prices are "undervalued," there may be a fresh injection of funds to buy shares, Shinyoung's Huh said."Information technology shares that took a beating have strong fundamentals that will allow them to rebound," another market watcher said.He estimated that while it is difficult to predict when the bourse will rebound, a solid rise in numbers should occur next year. (Yonhap)
BREITBART:
A five-year-old little girl has been burned and permanently disfigured after she was subjected to a Voodoo ritual. Fire blown over her face and cuts to her body were intended to banish the demon that her mother believed made her misbehave.
“[The mother] stated that her children have been behaving badly due to evil spirits and that they perform prayers, and use certain water and oils to make the demon leave,” The Enterprise reported after looking at a report provided by East Bridgewater Police Detective John Grillo.
The Massachusetts publication reported that the mother is of Haitian descent and “believes in the religion of Voodoo, which originated in Haiti in the 18th century and is centered around the worship of spirits.” The child's mother asked two women to perform the “ritual,” police officials said.
Now that it's been nearly three weeks since former New York Rangers head coach Alain Vigneault was fired and some of this season's disappointment has faded, it's a good time to reminisce about what was a successful, albeit Stanley Cup-less run. While Rangers fans have largely turned against the charmer, he was the head man for a team that provided plenty of timeless playoff moments.
Over the course of Vigneault's five seasons, the Rangers won six playoff series and delivered countless unforgettable moments. The bitterness of not winning a Cup will remain, but Rangers fans can find some solace in these.
5 – Henrik Lundqvist's Brilliance
The King makes 40 saves to keep the Rangers alive in Game 4 of the Stanley Cup Final against Los Angeles (June 11, 2014).
After losing the first three games of the Stanley Cup Final to Los Angeles, the Rangers were hardly a defeated team. Having never trailed during two overtime losses on the road and more than doubling the Kings' shot total in the Game 3 loss at home, the odds were long but not impossible for a comeback. New York, even with their shortcomings, still had plenty of hope.
In Game 4, however, the Blueshirts skaters played, perhaps, their worst game of the series. Outshot 41-19 when all was said and done, it was Henrik Lundqvist's performance, alone, that kept the series alive.
“When everything is on the line, you just have to challenge yourself the right way,” Lundqvist said about the team's performance.
4 – Carl Hagelin's Series Clincher
Hagelin's overtime goal gives New York the Game 6 win against Pittsburgh (April 24, 2015).
After winning the President's Cup as the NHL's top team in the regular season and looking for a return trip to the Stanley Cup Final, the Rangers drew Sidney Crosby, Evgeni Malkin and the Pittsburgh Penguins in the first round. While that iteration of the Penguins wasn't as dangerous as others, including the back-to-back Cup winners of the last two seasons, they were bitter rivals and as capable of a first-round upset as any team.
Carl Hagelin's emphatic overtime winner in Game 5 brought any hope of an upset to rest. It was “One of the happiest moments of my life,” he said after the game.
Judging by Vigneault's immediate reaction of jumping for joy when the goal was scored, it was one of his as well. And though that season ended in another disappointment, victory over the Pens is always a fond memory.
3 – Derick Brassard's Hat Trick
“Big Game Brass” earns his moniker in Game 6 against Tampa Bay (May 27, 2015).
Facing elimination against the Lightning, the Rangers needed a spark if they were to return to the Stanley Cup Final for the second consecutive year. In full “win or go home” mode, Derick Brassard, always strong in the playoffs, delivered his Rangers opus with a hat trick in the 7-3 road victory.
“Every time we're in that position, this team, we come out and play really well. That's the way we've been playing. Since I've been here with the Rangers, every time we're in an elimination game, that's the way we played,” he said. “I don't know if that's a good thing or a bad thing, but we're just gonna go out there at home and try to play our best game.”
With his performance in such a tough spot, Brassard endeared himself to Rangers fans and earned a legacy as a strong playoff performer.
2 – Martin St. Louis' Mother's Day Goal
Heavy-hearted St. Louis scores early to give the Rangers the lead (May 11, 2014).
Just three days after the passing of his mother, Martin St. Louis scored an emotional goal that transcended hockey. On Mother's Day, with his father and sister in the crowd, the future Hall-of-Famer gave the Rangers an early lead en route to a Game 6 win against Pittsburgh.
“It's probably one of the cooler things I've been a part of in my professional career,” said Derek Stepan.
The emotion on that goal is something that I will never forget.
Though meaningful, the goal was hardly the prettiest of St. Louis' career, as the puck rattled around and bounced in off of his leg.
“I got a pretty good bounce,” St. Louis said. “I know (my mother) helped me through this.”
Through the playoffs, St. Louis proved himself a true leader for a Rangers club rallying around its grieving star. His overtime snipe against Montreal helped New York surge to the finals, but the Mother's Day goal is an all-time great.
1 – Derek Stepan's Overtime Winner
Stepan's Game 7 overtime goal against the Capitals sent the Rangers back to the Conference Final (May 13, 2015).
Is there any other choice? To this day, Stepan's series winner against the Caps sends chills.
With the goal, the charismatic Stepan, celebrating with awkward leaps reminiscent of Mark Messier's in 1994, cemented his legacy as a Blueshirt. Doc Emrick's call — nearly as iconic as Sam Rosen's “this one will last a lifetime” — and subsequent silence as the Madison Square Garden crowd provided the commentary, was perfect. Without a Stanley Cup, Stepan's Game 7 goal against the Capitals will stand as the most iconic moment of the Vigneault era and the decade of contention that concluded this year.
Intezar murder
Observer Report
Karachi
The investigation officer in the Intezar murder case requested more time for proceedings from the district and sessions court South on Saturday.
The district court was hearing the murder case of slain youth in Karachi, Intezar Ahmad. He was killed under mysterious circumstances when Anti Car Lifting Cell officials opened fire on his car on Khayaban-e-Ittehad in the Defence locality of the city on January 13.
In the hearing, the investigation officer could not provide the police file, hence, argument in the case could not be established.
The officer informed the court that a new Joint Investigation Team has been constituted and requested for more time.
Following which the court ordered the officer to present the file and adjourned the hearing until February 10. The court also extended the interim bail of one of the suspects Tariq Raheem till the next hearing.
In the case eight suspects are under arrest, including SHO Tariq Mehmood, Ghulam Abbas, Azhar Ahsan, Fawad Khan, Daniyal, Bilal and Shahid. Ishtiaq Ahmad, father of slain youth Intezar said on Saturday that he did not know about the formation of a new Joint Investigation Team.
He lamented that the committee also did not completely hear his stance. Intezar's father further said that his lawyer and him did not know about the formation of a new JIT.
The CCTV footage of Intezar Ahmed's murder surfaced on Jan 28, two weeks after the alleged police killing of 19-year-old teenager in Karachi's Defence.
The video shows Intezar's car being intercepted by another car from the front, while a third car and a motorbike also approach and stop to the left of Intezar's vehicle.
Owing to the spotlight on the case, Chief Minister Sindh Murad Ali Shah had ordered a judicial inquiry into the murder.
2017 F1: Bottas 'the perfect driver'
Posted by: Admin on Aug 14, 2017 - 06:53 AM 2017 F1: Bottas 'the perfect driver'
Valtteri Bottas might be close to being "the perfect driver". That is the view of the Finn's Mercedes predecessor, Nico Rosberg.
Rosberg suddenly quit at the end of last season, plunging Mercedes into a desperate search to replace him. The German admits his decision might have hurt Mercedes. "I wouldn't exactly say that," he told Auto Bild, "but of course my departure was difficult for them, especially with the new regulations." Indeed, Mercedes started 2017 on the back foot, but Rosberg noted: "It's nothing against Ferrari, but they were able to start with their new car much earlier. "So that was their advantage. But Mercedes is still very, very strong -- when you look at the car, the level of detail is just amazing." Rosberg also said he has been impressed with Mercedes' choice to replace him -- the former Williams driver and Toto Wolff protege, Bottas. "I'm really impressed," he said. "He might be the perfect driver mentally because he is able to just concentrate on himself, making him consistent and fast." Indeed, while the media is focused on the Lewis Hamilton versus Sebastian Vettel dichotomy, Bottas has been plugging away and is only a race win away from that title battle. As for the high-profile Hamilton vs Vettel battle, Bottas smiled: "That is perfectly ok for me! I have no desire to be the centre of attention. "It means I can just concentrate on my job."
PaddockTalk Perspective
Sam Hunt announced that he's “curating” and headlining his own music festival. He's calling it “The Nashional”, which is a play on words between “national” and the city of Nashville, which is where it's being held on April 20th and 21st.
He's headlining both nights, and other country acts include Brothers Osborne and Lanco. The rest of the lineup is very eclectic. Some of the names you may recognize are Fetty Wap, Judah & The Lion, LANY, and Chelsea Cutler.
Sam says, quote, “I wanted to create an experience that celebrates music, community and everything they mean to each other and this city.” Tickets go on sale next Friday. You can find out more at TheNashional.com.
10 Things… is a recurring new music feature in which an artist goes H.A.M. on a particular topic.
It's always been easy to revisit the music that defined an era, even if you weren't around when that definition was being written. Recorded audio is something that's accessible to all generations, allowing you to connect with the things that make up music history without actually being part of that history. In his new book Lighters in the Sky: The All-Time The Greatest Concerts 1960-2016, author Corbin Reiff (Uproxx, Consequence of Sound, Rolling Stone) seeks to recreate a similar experience for a far less tangible aspect of music: the live show.
In his carefully researched tome, Reiff captures the best performances of the last 50-plus years via a cross-section of first-hand accounts, archived reviews, and concert footage. It's a way to travel back and vicariously live these shows that only survive in the history books. Take, for example, the first Coachella. The Indio, California festival is now a well-known staple experience for all music fans, but back in 1999, it was an upstart event launching in the wake of the disaster that was Woodstock '99. It was a tipping point for the American music festival, a moment where another failure could have well killed the concept before it even really got started. With Rage Against the Machine, Tool, Beck, Morrissey, The Chemical Brothers, Pavement, Moby, DJ Shadow, Modest Mouse, and more and tickets priced at only $50 a day, Coachella was thankfully a massive success — even if it undersold by 15,000 a day.
Below, read Reiff's present-tense perspective on the very first Coachella Music Festival in an exclusive excerpt from Lighters in the Sky.
The So-Cal sun isn't doing anyone any favors and the heat climbs into the triple digits, but the palm trees and the three covered dance tents provide enough shade. When the sun sets around 6 pm, the weather turns nearly perfect. The clear sky above is filled with stars.
The first day is marked by a wealth of fantastic and exciting EDM acts. As Steven Mirkin noted in his review for Rolling Stone, “Saturday night at Coachella announced that electronic dance music has moved fully into the mainstream. As the sun went down, the glow sticks rose and electronic music swept the festival, with the big beat imperatives of the Chemical Brothers on the main stage, Underworld slamming away on the second stage and DJ Rap working the turntable in the largest of the three rave tents.”
This is the first time that the Chemical Brothers play Coachella, but far from the last. The British electronic music duo will grace the festival another five times in the years to come. That's an impressive tally, but it falls well short of Perry Farrell, one of the mainstage acts, who will perform at Coachella every year for the next decade in one capacity or another. For this performance, the shirtless Jane's Addiction frontman turns in a stellar set replete with exotic dancers and world music–infused pop/rock.
Topping the bill this evening is Beck, who is a month away from releasing his next album, Midnite Vultures. Decked out in fringe, Beck is, in Los Angeles Times reviewer Robert Hilburn's estimation, the “evening's high point,” delivering a high-energy performance filled with hits like “Where It's At” and “Loser.” “Morrissey, on the other hand, was, well, Morrissey,” Hilburn wrote about the one-time lead singer of the Smiths. “Treating his loyal fans to another serving of his usual music hall pathos.”
While the next day is brimming with talent from opening bell to closing note, most people are here to see the two headlining acts: Rage Against the Machine and Tool. The former is less than a month away from unveiling its multiplatinum album The Battle of Los Angeles. Even though frontman Zach de la Rocha is battling laryngitis, Rage turns in a savage two-hour showcase that sends the audience into a frenzy of moshing. Things almost get out of control during “Guerrilla Radio,” when the folks up front nearly break through the barricade, but order is quickly restored.
After Rage departs, Tool brings the festival to its noisy, angst-ridden conclusion. Four songs into their set, the industrial prog-rockers offer one of the biggest surprises of the weekend when they bust out a cover of the Peach song “Spasm” with Buzz Osbourne of the Melvins joining in on guitar. Osbourne comes out again five songs later with another Peach cover, “You Lied.”
A bald, Speedo-clad Maynard James Keenan stalks the stage with microphone in hand, crooning his lines, while drummer Danny Carey puts on a percussive clinic behind him. Tool finishes two hours after they began with “Jerk Off.” The stage is swathed in eerie blue light as the band brings its haunting and abrasive set-closing song to an end.
As great of a success as Coachella was for the fans, it was a financial disaster for the organizers. Because of the tremendous losses, Tollett's plans for future festivals were thrown into serious doubt. Thankfully, bands like Tool, Rage Against the Machine and Beck agreed to defer their payments to prevent Goldenvoice from going belly up.
“We paid our bills late,” Tollett told Billboard. “If one agent had turned on us, we would have been out of business. They let us pay some talent three, four, five months later. The staff back then was just so into Goldenvoice and Coachella that they rolled with any bumps. They would deal with anything.”
Coachella took a year off in 2000 and came back again in 2001 with a reunited Jane's Addiction topping the bill. To pay their outstanding bills and continue the festival, Tollett and his business partner sold Goldenvoice to AEG that year. “Owning it, not owning it—thing is, I still get to do the shows and I'm happy,” Tollett said. In the years since that first show in 1999, Coachella has become the highest-grossing and most-impactful live music event every year in North America. It's an industry juggernaut, a must-see event.
“We just wanted to do something different,” Tollett said. “We weren't thinking business necessarily. Like, there's business to it, but it's almost like you're trying to impress your friends and your staff, which is one and the same.”
As if writing the book itself wasn't enough, Reiff has shared the 10 Things he loves about live shows, from the merch to checking out the opening act to late-night Taco Bell feasts.
Buying Tickets:
I know a lot of people are down on the ticket buying experience because of scalpers, bots, and the increasing prices, but honestly, it's an incredible feeling when you lock down a pass to a show you want to check out. The competition can be super fierce, and I've almost sprained a finger hitting that refresh button over and over again, but then you pull floor seats to someone like Kendrick Lamar or Nine-Inch Nails and you can ride the feeling for weeks.
The Fans:
Listening to music can be an isolating experience. When you're wrapped up in a record, consuming it through headphones or through your car speakers, oftentimes, you're by yourself or with someone who doesn't care nearly as much as you do. Then, the night of the show you see hundreds or thousands of people who love that artists or that one song just as much, if not more than you and it's absolutely validating. Live music brings people together.
The Opening Act:
A lot of people scoff at opening bands, but I love them. I can't tell you how many great records I've discovered, how many new artists I've been turned onto because they opened for someone else at some show I saw. Every opening band should make it their mission to blow the headliner off the stage. It doesn't happen often, but when it does, whew!
The Merch:
Photo by Autumn Andel
Conservatively, I'd say half of the t-shirts I own came from concerts I've seen. It might be 2/3 if I'm being totally honest. Even if they're butt-ass ugly – I'm looking at you Tool – they're great reminders of a singular moment in your life; one great night spent with an old-time favorite, or some new group you just discovered.
When The Lights Go Down:
You bought your tickets weeks ago, you showed up an hour early, stood through two openers, and now, finally, the lights go down, the crowd roars, and the band you've been dying to see walks out in the flesh. It's one of the best and most exhilarating feelings on Earth.
The Production:
Lights. Lasers. Video Screens. Beheadings. Pyro. Dancers. Costumes. Floating stages. I love when artists use their concerts as a platform to really wow their fans. It's something to hear your favorite song performed by your favorite band. It's another thing when they're playing it surrounded by fire and sword-wielding ninjas or something.
The Setlist:
I never look up a setlist before I go into a show. Why would you want to waste a surprise like that? Part of the fun of concerts is NOT knowing what's going to happen next. Fortunately, there are a few people out there who mix things up there for every concert. I once saw Bruce Springsteen go back-to-back-to-back with “Spirit In The Night,” “Because The Night” and “Prove It All Night” to kick off the show and it nearly gave me a heart attack.
The Sound:
No matter how good your speakers or headphones are, they'll never match the volume that an artist can produce in a club, a theater, or an arena. To hear your favorite song being blasted at you at 100 db and more is a singular experience.
Taco Bell:
I think everyone has their own rituals when it comes to concerts. Taco Bell is a central one to me. Because shows typically end quite late, the Bell is one of the few locations that remain reliably open late enough to grab some food on the drive home. Nothing tastes better than a bean burrito at 1 AM.
Lighters In The Sky:
There's a reason I named my book Lighters In The Sky. Have you ever seen an arena lit up with literally thousands of tiny flames or little cell phones swaying back and forth? It's absolutely magical.
China's Yuan May Become Currency of Choice in Africa
African central bank leaders are currently discussing whether to hold the yuan as part of their foreign reserves, highlighting the Chinese money's rise as one of the world's major reserve currencies. Continue Reading
Cameroon's Lingua Franca Fight Intensifies
Belo is on the front line of Cameroon's simmering conflict between anglophone and francophone, an increasingly secessionist struggle that has pitted the French-speaking government in Yaoundé against the recently emerged Anglophone Ambazonia Defence Forces and other rebel groups. Continue Reading
Calls to Open Up Liberia's Media Space
Building on gains made during Nobel laureate Ellen Johnson Sirleaf's presidency, journalists and outside observers have amplified calls for the government to finally unglue laws that have long prohibited a truly free press. Continue Reading
Zimbabwe Announces Election Date
President Emmerson Mnangagwa set July 30 as “the day of the election of the president, the election of members of the National Assembly and election of councillors.” Continue Reading
Reconciliation after the Arab Spring
A Tunisian court has heard the first round of cases brought by a commission probing human rights violations stretching back six decades, with 14 former officials, including the ousted dictator, on trial. Continue Reading
A Game Changer for South Africa's Rugby Scene
When South Africa's rugby union team walk out on home turf against England next month, they will be led by their first ever black Test match captain. Continue Reading
Ugandan Boys Join Cause to Keep Girls in School
Basic sanitary products are unaffordable for many in Uganda, and can even lead to girls dropping out of school. Now a charity is teaching girls – and boys – how to make recyclable sanitary pads. Continue Reading
How Creative Architecture is Finding a Home in Africa
Home development firms, architects and designers across Africa are not only providing a solution to the continent's housing problems, especially in big cities, but are also contributing to building up the continent's urban living centres with creative architecture and luxurious living in contemporary spaces. Continue Reading
A Victory for Egyptian Women
The illiteracy rate among Egyptian women has declined over the past decade from 37.3 percent in 2006 to 30.8 percent in 2017. Continue Reading
Spend a Day in the Life of this Ivorian Artist
Traore Adama speaks about the hardships he faces in a country where ‘nobody, not even the government thinks of us' when it comes to ‘means of transport'. Continue Reading
The ruling New Patriotic Party (NPP) government has recorded over 103 achievements in its first 100 days in office, Vice President Dr Mahamudu Bawumia has said.
He said although President Nana Addo Dankwa Akufo-Addo did not make any promise on what to deliver within 100 days, his administration had implemented sound policies which had produced positive results.
Speaking at a public forum on the government's 100 days in office in Accra yesterday, Vice President Bawumia said the government had recorded success in the areas of agriculture, energy, health, education, the macro-economy, among other areas.
Within three months, he said, the government had appointed all ministers and deputy ministers and had developed a budget that had shifted the focus of the economy from taxes to production.
He said the 2017 budget had abolished import duties on vehicle spare parts, reduced national electrification and public lighting levy, special petroleum tax rate, among other major changes in the country's tax regime.
On agriculture, the Vice President said the government had trained about 1,200 agric extension officers and had imported over 300,000 metric tonnes of fertilisers to support farming.
In addition, he said prices of fertilisers had been dropped by 50 per cent to serve as incentive to farmers and support the ‘Planting for Food and Jobs' programme which would be launched this month.
Dr Bawumia further indicated that the government had initiated moves to collaborate with the Ivorian government to address global challenges in the cocoa sector, including price volatility.
“Ghana and Ivory Coast produce about two-thirds of the world's cocoa. When we collaborate to ensure that cocoa prices are not volatile, it will be a major historic landmark,” he said.
In the fishing sector, he said the government, under President Nana Akufo-Addo, had increased transparency in the distribution of premix fuel for fishermen.
Previously, he said only two oil marketing companies (OMCs) were allowed to distribute the fuel to fishermen and pointed out that the government had increased the number of OMCs to nine to bring more transparency in the distribution.
He noted that the government would give any OMC interested in distributing premix fuel the permission to do so without any restrictions.
Dr Bawumia said the government had halted the issuance of fishing licence to avoid over fishing and had trained several watchdogs to monitor light fishing and other illegal fishing activities
On aviation, he said before the Nana Akufo-Addo administration took over in January, major international airlines had cancelled their flights to Ghana and indicated that the airline companies had started showing interest.
“We are trying to make sure that we are the destination of choice. Air France has commenced operations in Ghana after decades of absence,” he said and added that the government would open up the aviation sector for more flights to come in.
The Vice President touched on the government's achievements in the tourism sector and indicated that a safety audit had been conducted across all tourist sites in the country to ensure safety of tourists.
In addition to that, he said a Presidential Museum had been launched to promote tourism and preserve the country's history.
Vice President Bawumia said the government had initiated moves to address illegal mining which had destroyed water bodies and created many environmental challenges.
He indicated that the government had suspended the issuance of licence for small scale mining and had identified specific mining areas for small scale miners to ensure that they did not operate haphazardly.
In addition, he said the government had banned all mining activities around water bodies and had intensified surveillance in those areas using drones.
“We will continue with this exercise to ensure that we bring this problem of galamsey under control,” he said.
On education, he said the government had awarded contract to train teachers in Information Communication Technology (ICT) and indicated that over 1,400 teachers would be trained on the programme this year.
Dr Bawumia indicated that the government had allocated GH¢518 million to the railway sector to revive the industry and facilitate railway transport in the country.
Government, he said, had also increased the portion of the District Assemblies Common Fund for persons with disabilities from two per cent to three per cent.
“In the health sector, approval has been given to employ 11, 000 trainees who graduated between 2012 and 2016,” he said and indicated that the decision was to create employment for the nurses who had completed school but had no jobs.
Vice President Bawumia also announced that more than 80,000 youth would, this year, be enrolled in different modules under the Youth Employment Agency programmes as part of the measures to create jobs for the youth.
Within the past 100 days, he said the government had completed the appointment of ministers, established a functional Economic Management Team that met every week, developed a policy not to buy cars for public officers and scrapped the policy that allowed government officials to buy state cars, among others.
In addition, he said the government had allocated GH¢150 million to clear all arrears in the school feeding programme, and earmarked GH¢290 million for the Zongo Development Fund.
On the government's foreign policy, he said President Akufo-Addo had a policy to contribute to ensuring peace and stability in the sub region through peacekeeping missions.
As a result, he said all arrears owed officers of the Ghana Armed Forces on peacekeeping missions had been paid in full.
“We have worked with other African countries to get three Ghanaians in high offices in the African Union (AU),” he said.
By Yaw Kyei
Hang on for a minute...we're trying to find some more stories you might like. Close
SRU's ‘Rock for Life' program will expand in the fall of 2018 to allow students to participate in a Living-Learning Community (LLC).
The ‘Rock for Life' program started in the fall of 2016, created for college students with intellectual and developmental disabilities. The students come to campus either by commuting or living on campus. ‘Rock for Life' students take classes as a credit or they can audit the classes. In Pennsylvania, the program is one of nine programs and in the United States it is 1 of 255 programs and is one of only two in the state that are residential. The LLC coaches are volunteers but the Career Coaches are paid through a grant.
Robert Arnhold, professor of physical and health education and director of the ‘Rock for Life' program said, “They are not earning a degree but getting life experiences. The students learn independent living skills, job skills, and academics.”
The students are in a non-degree earning program. However, when the students complete 24 credits they earn a certificate for completion or can continue for two years and earn a certificate.
Emilia Hobbs, assistant coordinator for the LLC said, “They are taking classes that interest them. One of our students takes art classes, some of the students take special education classes, whatever the area of interest for them is, which is what is unique to our program because a lot of other schools that offer similar programs for this population only have a certain focus, like culinary arts or different vocational skills. But ours is individualized to the student.”
The staff encourages the LLC students to get involved socially. Students in the program also have a one-on-one career coach that works with them on making sure that they are succeeding academically and socially and that they are engaging in healthy habits such as exercising and eating healthy.
Mary Holmes, assistant coordinator for the program, said that social support is a big factor for students in the program.
“Having students of similar disabilities and people who understand disabilities being all in the same hall,” Holmes said. “In our previous experiences it hasn't really gone well with random room-mates so just having people in the special education programs and recreational therapy programs and other related majors is going to really foster those relationships.”
The LLC was approached by the campus housing department and contacted Arnhold to inform him that it was possible to be made available for the students.
“They pretty much took it from there,” Holmes said. “They were the ones that set it all up and got us the set wing and set us up with the GA that they recommended and we went from there.”
Housing will, however, not be segregated, it will be a mix of ‘Rock for Life' students and students not in the program on a floor.
© Mercury Press
A student has been left baffled after apparently finding a bizarre note inside her Amazon delivery which said: "Please help!"Zahina Rani, 18, received a belated present from her sister Sanna who asked for a birthday message to be included.But on the back of the gift message Zahina said she was shocked to find the apparent desperate handwritten note which also said: "Amazon is painful".Zahina, from Birmingham, said: "When I first opened the parcel I read the message and my sister spotted that behind the paper was this note."I was in shock and started laughing. It seems like people must be having a tough time working there."It's really crazy, workers must be in bother."I thought it was a joke but then later thought what if someone was in real bother?"Amazon has now launched an investigation and claims it is taking the note "very seriously".The pair said they discovered the note on Wednesday after receiving the present - an eye shadow palette for Zahina's 18th birthday.Zahina claims the note was left inside the parcel - but it is not clear if it was included by a worker, delivery driver or a prankster.She said: "I thinkitself."My sister ordered me a late birthday present and wrote a message as there is a place you can write a message for someone."I have been ordering on Amazon for the past year and never had this happen. It seemed pretty odd."I put this on my social media accounts for a laugh but some of my followers on Facebook and Instagram got in touch with me and said it is a real pain and they would never work there again.. They provide a service for same day delivery and next day delivery, so it must be really hard."She posted the picture on Facebook and said: "So guys, isn't this weird? For the first time an Amazon parcel came that had this note.
São Paulo, Aug 11 (Reuters) - Brazilian meatpacker JBS on Friday said it will release results for the second quarter on Monday without an auditing report.
In a filing to Brazil's market regulator, the company said that the auditing report will only be concluded when a leniency deal closed by J&F, its controlling shareholder, is approved by Brazilian prosecutors. JBS said earnings of its subsidiaries abroad such as JBS USA and Moy Park will be released with auditing reports. (Reporting by Marcelo Teixeira; Editing by Sandra Maler)
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Lackawanna County recycles at a pretty good rate and our politicians try to keep pace.
By Friday, multiple callers had told us former county Commissioner Randy Castellani, a Democrat, is looking at running for the 112th Legislative District seat held by Kevin Haggerty, who has decided against running for another term.
If he runs, Castellani, 51, will join his brother, furniture store manager Rob, 52, in the race for the Democratic nomination.
Randy Castellani is a legislative assistant to Haggerty at a salary of $61,828. Representatives will earn $87,180 this year with the promise of annual raises every Dec. 1.
We got to know Randy first when he was a dispatcher, then a supervisor at county 911. He seemed destined for a career there until county Commissioner Ray Alberigi decided against seeking a fifth term in 1999.
Democrats surprised many of their own when they plucked Randy out of the courthouse basement and teamed him up with four-term commissioner Joe Corcoran.
This infuriated lots of Democrats, with then-state Rep. Ed Staback, who wanted to run with Corcoran, about as offended as anyone. More than a few people thought Corcoran just wanted someone he could control.
Despite the skeptics, the Corcoran-Castellani team won the majority on the three-member board of commissioners for Democrats for a fifth straight term. Republican Bob Cordaro won the minority commissioner slot. It was Corcoran first, Castellani second, Cordaro third and Cordaro's running mate, Thomas Harrison, a distant fourth.
Four years later, in 2003, Corcoran, Castellani and Cordaro ran for re-election, and Cordaro teamed up with A.J. Munchak. With the help of a devastating prison scandal, Cordaro and Munchak won the majority for Republicans for the first time in 20 years.
Castellani finished as top vote-getter followed by Cordaro, Munchak and Corcoran, hurt a lot by the scandal and voters' general desire for someone new.
This left Castellani as minority commissioner.
After watching him in that role for two years, many Democrats decided he wasn't up to it. He was hardly the firebrand critic that Cordaro had been as minority commissioner. In May 2005, Castellani resigned to take a job as a senior public safety specialist with L. Robert Kimball Associates. Quite a few people told us back then that former state Senate Democratic Leader Robert J. Mellow helped Castellani get that job because he wanted someone more formidable watchdogging Cordaro. The county judges chose Mike Washo, once Mellow's state Ethics Commission nominee.
That's right, Bob Mellow used to have the power to appoint people to the Ethics Commission, but we digress.
Randy Castellani disappeared from politics for years.
In 2003, the same election year Randy Castellani finished first but became minority county commissioner, Rob Castellani, the Blakely tax collector since 1995, ran for county controller as a Republican. He lost in the primary election to Kevin McDonough, a more dyed-in-the-wool Republican. Castellani had switched to the Republicans in December 2002.
Afterward, Castellani said he planned to stick with the Republicans and help rebuild the outnumbered party.
“This was not a one-shot deal,” he said. “There are definite, definite signs that this party can be improved on.”
In 2007, Rob Castellani ran for county commissioner as a Republican with Phil Spinka, but faulty nominating petitions forced both to withdraw from the ballot and run write-in campaigns.
Both lost as Munchak and Cordaro won the primary, but got skunked by Washo and Democrat Corey O'Brien that November.
Rob Castellani switched to the Democrats in July 2008, but switched back to the Republicans in January 2010.
In 2011, he tried running for county controller again. Unopposed for the Republican nomination, he won the primary but lost the election badly to former Scranton City Councilman Gary DiBileo. Three weeks after that, Rob switched back to the Democratic Party and stayed one to this day.
In 2012, Randy Castellani, a horse trainer, tried a comeback. Staback decided against running for another term as state representative and Castellani ran for Staback's 115th House District seat. Castellani lost the Democratic primary by 144 votes to unknown Frank Farina in what turned into the first in a series of bitter contests involving Farina. Farina won election that fall.
Randy Castellani relied too much on his name ID and didn't campaign hard enough. Four years later, he helped get Haggerty elected. Now he might be back.
Voters will have a choice between recycled and new.
Two new guys have already announced their candidacies — Tom Carlucci, 32, of Dunmore, who runs the watchdog group Education Enlightenment in Lackawanna County, and Ryan Mullins, 32, of Blakely, legislative director for state Sen. John Blake.
One more thing. After the nation elected President Donald Trump, we heard a lot of about more women getting involved in politics. We know there's a local group of politically active women, but this race doesn't have a woman candidate so far.
BORYS KRAWCZENIUK, The Times-Tribune politics reporter, writes Random Notes.
PanARMENIAN.Net - Prime minister Karen Karapetyan on Friday, October 6 met Samsung Executive Vice President, chief of mobile division Choi Kyung-sik to discuss issues concerning projects that the South Korean company is implemented in the Armenian IT sector.
According to the Samsung official, work is underway to successfully carry out the projects in question as they aim to offer new innovative solutions to the Armenian market.
Karapetyan hailed Samsung's proposals and offered the government's support.
Also, the sides discussed the possibility for Samsung to implement other projects in Armenia too.
James “Kimo” Akaka is an avid waterman who has overcome many obstacles.
But his latest challenge will require help from others.
Akaka had his boat stolen two weeks ago. It's specially designed for him because he's paralyzed on the left side of his body.
The boat was recovered Tuesday floating in the water, but it's been stripped and is practically useless.
For Akaka, the boat is so much more than just a recreational vessel.
He says he has loved being in the ocean since he was a little kid. Having a disability has not stopped him from doing that, but not having the boat has.
Akaka suffered a stroke in 2011. He's been partially paralyzed and not able to talk ever since.
It hasn't stopped his from doing the things he loves, but seeing his boat in its current condition is heartbreaking.
He spoke with us by writing on his notepad. He says he left the boat locked up and in a trailer at a friend's house, and it was stolen overnight. He still had hope that it would be recovered intact.
“Why me?” Akaka wrote while in tears.
Akaka competed in the 32-mile Molokai to Oahu paddleboard race twice. He's also done the Waikiki Roughwater Swim.
On land, he's proven to be quite an inspiration also, riding 100 miles on a recumbent bike from Kona to Hilo on Hawaii island.
But it's the ocean where he is happiest, and the boat allows him to train so he can compete.
“It's designed with a low freeboard, the rounded sides with the tubes that come back. He's able to get help easily coming on board and off,” explained friend Bill Andrews.
“What does it feel like every time you're in the water?” KHON2 asked.
“Water is the only place I feel at peace and safe,” Akaka replied.
Andrews says Akaka has inspired so many others especially those with disabilities.
So for him to not be able to go in the water, “it's truly heartbreaking and it's taken away a huge part of his hope,” Andrews said.
Akaka's friends have set up a Go Fund Me page to help rebuild or replace the boat.
ALLEN PARK, Mich. -- Matthew Stafford still has "no timetable" on when he might sign a new contract extension with the Detroit Lions, but the quarterback said Wednesday that he isn't concerned about what happens with Oakland quarterback Derek Carr and Washington's Kirk Cousins.
"I'm not too worried about what those guys do," Stafford said after minicamp Wednesday. "I'm just worried about trying to get better out here. That's pretty much all I can say. This time of year, to me, is football time.
"I'm out here, playing football trying to get better to help this team win."
Stafford wouldn't answer whether he would actually sign a deal before Carr or Cousins, saying he had no timetable for a deal when asked whether he would get one done before them. One of the three quarterbacks -- depending on who signs when -- could end up signing the richest per-year deal in NFL history.
The 29-year-old Stafford, according to rumors, could end up with an average salary of more than $25 million per year -- which would be a first for an NFL quarterback.
Lions QB Matthew Stafford has set almost every franchise passing record, including career passing yards (30,303) and touchdown passes (187), since being drafted with the No. 1 overall pick in 2009. AP Photo/Seth Wenig
He said Wednesday that it's not something he thinks about, though. Stafford, who is in the final year of his deal, will have made $127,278,969 over the lifetime of both of his contracts at the end of 2017.
"The only time I ever talk about it or think about it is when you guys ask me questions about it, honestly," Stafford said. "I just go out there and play ball, try to be aggressive and play better."
In April, Stafford said he "would love to" stay in Detroit and get a long-term deal done with the Lions, who drafted him No. 1 overall in 2009. Since then, he's set almost every franchise passing record, including career passing yards (30,303) and touchdown passes (187).
Stafford has also said in the past that he has watched teams give quarterbacks lucrative contracts and still put competitive teams on the field.
"I know every year teams find ways to put good teams around good quarterbacks," Stafford said in April. "You see it every year. So I'm not too worried about that. I know salary caps and all that kind of stuff is as malleable as you want it to be.
"So I think you just go and try to make a good decision not only for the player but the team and go from there."
Lions general manager Bob Quinn has said multiple times he would like Stafford to be the franchise's quarterback in the long term.
In today's marketplace, a good salesperson can find a new manager more easily than a manager can find a good salesperson. Gone are the days when a sales manager could just develop a management style and demand their reports adapt – “or else.”
In fact, the best management style is often no style at all. Just as sales has become more consultative or customer-centric, sales management must become more individualized or employee-centric. We are entering the era of what I call consultative management.
In sales, the highest performers know and understand the unique persona of the buyer – what they like, what they don't like, how they like to receive information, how they like to share information and what motivates them. Once a salesperson determines this, it's much easier to establish a connection, adapt their storytelling to the buyer and play a more consultative or advisory role.
It's just as critical for the sales manager to know and understand the persona of his/her direct reports. How can you motivate your protégés to get what they want from their job if you don't know what they want? This kind of discovery empowers the manager to adapt how they train, coach and give direction to each rep in a manner that cuts through all the noise.
While every individual is different, data tells us that there are only 15 common behavioral personas found in the modern workplace. This kind of profiling is by no means a new concept. Hippocrates was reported to have studied how humans fell into a handful of behavioral patterns as early as 400 B.C.
What is new is what a sales manager can, and needs to, do with this information. Below are three example personas. For information on all 15 personas, click here.
The Influencer is a typical persona for account managers or outside salespeople. Influencers enjoy working with others. They are viewed as friendly, even as they seek to accomplish their personal goals. They often gain the respect and support of others. They aspire to positions of authority and it is important that they look good to others. They like variety in their day. Managers need to watch out for the likelihood they can be too optimistic and tend to believe they can influence others more than they actually can. Progress toward sales goals can often be viewed through rose-colored glasses – they truly believe it and will try to make you believe it too. Influencers often need analytical support to offset their tendency to proceed without all the facts.
The Networker is a common persona for the sales development rep (SDR) or business development specialist. Networkers are optimistic, outgoing and social. Imagine them working a room or a bar stirring up leads. They promote with enthusiasm and draw on their contacts to help them achieve their goals. They are quite optimistic. Managers need to be mindful that Networkers may not consider the negative consequences of gut decisions. They may not drill deep enough because they fear asking the wrong question might hurt their budding friendships, which can lead to misjudging others. They can also be prone to over-selling.
The Driver is the persona you're likely to see from sales managers. Drivers display strong self-confidence that may be viewed as arrogance. They will pursue options that challenge them to achieve goals. They truly are driven to get things done. They like difficult tasks, unique opportunities and seek positions of authority. Upper management should watch for Drivers being too critical, overstepping bounds or exhibiting a lack of sensitivity. To Drivers, rules can be viewed as loose guidelines. They can become impatient and critical with more methodical and analytical people. In the extreme, they can appear abrasive to others.
Use Assessments
The good news is it's actually easier for the manager to assess the persona of an employee than it is for a sales rep to determine the persona of a buyer. The employee's persona is best determined by a scientific assessment like DISC or Myers-Briggs. Not every company uses assessments – and many of those that do only use them for candidate screening. Then, once the candidate is hired, the assessment is often just shredded or filed away, never to be seen or used by the new employee's direct supervisor. Such a wasted opportunity!
Granted, the manager needs to be able to read the assessment and understand what it reveals – and what it doesn't. For this, you'll need a talent development platform, a behavioral analyst or an executive coach certified in reading assessments. But that's a small price to pay for better communication, developing reps for success and retaining them longer.
Understanding your employee's persona is just the first step in uncovering the hidden secrets to developing their full potential. You also need to know what motivates them, how they make decisions, how they learn and how they might conflict with other personas on your team.
Sales are often won or lost in the discovery stage. The same is true for sales management.
C. Lee Smith is the CEO of SalesFuel, a company that leverages data on prospects and employees to help sales teams close more deals, develop talent and increase revenue. Lee's team recently introduced TeamKeeper, a data-driven talent retention tool.
ICC Champions Trophy 2017: England vs Pakistan, 5 things that went wrong for Eoin Morgan's side
A detailed analysis of the things which went terribly wrong for England in their eight-wicket loss to Pakistan.
@MarathiScouser by Sumedh Top 5 / Top 10 14 Jun 2017, 23:37 IST
England were completely outplayed on the night
Cardiff was the venue which produced the biggest upset of the Champions Trophy as Pakistan thrashed England by eight wickets in the first semi-final. Pakistan asked England to bowl first and bundled them out for just 211. Hassan Ali and Junaid Khan were again the crusaders for Pakistan as they dismantled the power-packed batting line-up of the hosts.
In reply, Pakistan managed to chase that total down in just 37 overs as their openers, Fakhar Zaman and Azhar Ali, came to the party. So, without further ado, let's take a look at the five things which went wrong for England tonight:
Extra Cover: ICC Champions Trophy 2017: Joe Root and Eoin Morgan's wickets in quick succession is the SK Turning Point of the Match
#5 Bad shot selection from senior players
After England proved to be smart and lucky at the same time with two DRS calls in the first few overs, the openers settled down and kept the scoreboard ticking. Hales hit two boundaries and looked confident up front. But a rash shot against the debutant, Rumman Raees, resulted in his downfall. It was a wicket thrown away unnecessarily by England which was then repeated by Hales' teammates in the middle overs.
Eoin Morgan endured a tough start but survived 53 balls before throwing his wicket away to a wide delivery from Hassan Ali. Joe Root too fell to a short and wide delivery from Shadab Khan whereas Moeen Ali attempted a nothing shot against Junaid Khan off a short delivery.
The Oklahoma City Thunder recently announced that their second-year guard Cameron Payne would be assigned to the D-League Oklahoma City Blue. The injured point guard has yet to play this year and will begin his rehab assignment there.
Cameron Payne had suffered a fractured bone in his right foot when he was in the training camp. Payne did not undergo surgery but is still making his way back to the team. The second-year guard resumed his activities which allow him to run and cut in the last few months.
During the team's road trip to Miami and Memphis, Payne started playing with some contact.
Advertisement
"He went from one-on-one to now, he's doing a little bit more three-on-three. This was part of the steps he needs to go through. He needs to go through eventually playing five-on-five and getting contact," Coach Billy Donovan said.
According to SB Nation, this is not the first time that the NBA team has assigned a rehabbing player to the D-League. Sending Cameron Payne to the Blue is a move made with a professional baseball mindset.
Sending Cameron Payne to the D-League Oklahoma City Blue will help him find his on-court rhythm again. He will have a chance to retune his cardio which needs some fixing after his injuries.
D-League Oklahoma City Blue will play at Salt Lake City on Tuesday, then in Reno on Thursday and Saturday vs. Greensboro. In his rookie season, Pyne averaged 5.0 points, 1.9 assists, and 1.5 rebounds.
Advertisement
According to News Ok, Payne has missed the Thunder's first 34 games of the season while he was in the process of recovering from the fracture in the fifth metatarsal in his right foot. What makes the D-League team an efficient option for Payne is that it has good training facilities and home games. Blue is a good option for assignments and reassignments (or "call-ups") throughout the season.
Kenya's President Uhuru Kenyatta (2nd R) and Deputy President William Ruto (3rd R) listen to Bishop John Brown Masinde during a church service at Deliverance Church Umoja in Nairobi, Kenya August 6, 2017. Kenyatta, who six years ago was sitting in the dock in The Hague on charges of crimes against humanity for orchestrating the 2007 violence, urged a peaceful vote and outcome. "No matter the result of this election, we must stand together as one people. Above all, we must reject intimidation. We must reject violence or any attempt to divide us," he said in a televised national address. "We are all Kenyans." The case against him collapsed in 2015 for lack of evidence. Presidential Press Service/Handout via REUTERS
Close
Blue Jays closer Roberto Osuna lost his salary arbitration case with the club on Saturday.
Osuna, eligible for arbitration for the first time, will make $5.3 million (all dollars U.S.) after asking for $5.8 million. He made $552,400 last year, when he went 3-4 with a 3.38 ERA and 39 saves while also leading the majors with 10 blown saves.
Houston closer Ken Giles and Tampa Bay shortstop Adeiny Hechavarria, meanwhile, won their arbitration cases. The decisions left players with a 5-2 record. There are 18 players scheduled for hearings in the next two weeks.
Giles got a raise from $555,100 to $4.6 million — $400,000 more than Houston's offer. Giles converted 34 for 38 of save chances last season and went 1-3 with a 2.30 ERA. He struggled as the Astros won their first championship, posting an 11.74 ERA in the post-season and 27.00 ERA in a pair of World Series appearances, when he allowed five runs in 1 2/3 innings.
Hechavarria, who made $4.35 million last year, was awarded $5.9 million instead of the $5.35 million offered by the Rays. He hit a combined .261 with eight homers and 30 RBIs last season, when he was traded from Miami to Tampa Bay in late June.
Former NASCAR and Formula 1 racer Scott Speed has been suspended from popular simulation racing game iRacing after footage of him attempting to intentionally crash into other players surfaced.
Speed confirmed to The Drive that he's been suspended from the game for actions captured in a Twitch clip from streamer Jake “YTBigz” Hewlett.
iRacing is a serious platform for both virtual drivers and those trying to crack their way into real-life racing, so incidents like above, where Speed is veering across the track to slam into cars, are pretty serious. Another clip from December of Speed driving aggressively has made the rounds as well, though some have pointed out that the driver in question rear-ended him. (Note: I'm not sure ‘a fender for a fender' is in the racer's bible.)
Speed sent the following statement to The Drive about his suspension:
This is not real life, it's a game. The penalty for my action if protested against, is a suspension, which I accept[ed] and received. I personally wouldn't feel like a man protesting a guy who I just accidentally wrecked out of the lead for returning the favor. But that's me, and I understand that thinking is not treating iRacing with the appropriate amount of respect and is wrong. For that I sincerely apologize.
Advertisement
Two days ago, Speed also listed a three-monitor racing setup on Facebook Marketplace, which sold for $7,500.
WENDEN, Germany — April 18, 2017 — At the Techtextil 2017 taking place in Frankfurt from May 09 to 12, BST ProControl (Hall 3.0, booth D05) will focus on sensor for measurement and quality assurance of flat material webs. The company will inform their visitors about different sensors e.g. for basis weight or moisture measurement of technical textiles. So in Frankfurt BST ProControl will show two sensors, the X-Ray head and the transmission sensor IREX-TS. Both are installed on a traverse and enable reliable and non-contact measurement during the running production.
“Precision measurements of the basis weight are essential in the production of technical textiles, which are used in hygiene, automotive or geo-textile industries. For example basis weights, moisture or layer thickness have to be determined reliably and continuously by using non-contact methods. Our x-rays and transmission sensors can achieve optimum results“, explains Kay Kuhlmann, Sales Manager at BST ProControl.
An important advantage of X-Ray (<5kV) head for precise basis weight measurement is the low radiation energy of less than 5 kV. The radiation load is very low outside of the sensor casing and it is also possible to switch off the X-Ray. The X-Ray <5kV is not subject to any special approval and thus it is not necessary to employ a radiation protection officer. The sensor is suitable for basis weight measurement on textiles, nonwovens, fiber material as well as plastic and paper.
The transmission sensor IREX-TS is an infrared sensor which is suitable for layer thickness and moisture measurement. This sensor works with optical multi wavelength analysis methods in the near and mid infrared range. For example, the sensor precisely measures the coating percentage on coated textiles. Moreover IREX-TS reliably determines the moisture of paper or light cardboard.
Both sensors will be operated on the traverse while the INDICON-XL software will capture, evaluate and visualize the measurement results in real time in the form of cross and longitudinal sections.
Special highlights are the intuitive operation and the customized configuration.
Posted April 17, 2017
Source: BST ProControl
The Philadelphia Flyers magic run to the 2010 Stanley Cup Final had it all. We all know the story of how they made the playoffs on the last day of the regular season in a shootout victory over the New York Rangers. They went on to make the Stanley Cup Final by beating their rival, the New Jersey Devils, achieving a miracle series comeback against the Boston Bruins, and by disposing of a Jaroslav Halak-led Montreal Canadiens team. This historic Flyers team also has a lesson for this season's class as they make their push for the Stanley Cup Playoffs.
Flyers 2010 Stanley Cup Run Had Some Bumps
On Mar. 18, 2010, the Flyers defeated the Dallas Stars 3-2 on a Scott Hartnell goal to move the team into fifth place of the Eastern Conference with 79 points. This high was followed by back-to-back losses to the Atlanta Thrashers by a combined score of 8-3. To be fair, that year the Thrashers were not the bottom-dwellers they usually were, but, instead, were fighting for their own playoff spot. Nonetheless, it seemed that the Orange and Black had made one step forward and two steps back.
They followed those disappointing losses to Atlanta with a shutout loss to the Ottawa Senators and an overtime loss to the Minnesota Wild. The five-game losing streak was complete, with a 4-1 drumming by the Pittsburgh Penguins in what was to be the only game Flyers goalie, Johan Backlund, would play in the NHL. They got a small reprieve with a 5-1 victory over the Devils on Mar. 28, 2010, but the damage did not end there.
The 2009-10 Flyers would lose their next two games to the New York Islanders and Montreal Canadiens to continue their late-season swoon. The nine-point lead for a playoff spot achieved on Mar. 18 had disappeared by Apr. 3 after the Rangers tied them, and the Thrashers were now only one point behind with three games left to be played. This is eerily similar to the Flyers losing streak we watched at the beginning of this month.
Flyers March Struggles Continued This Season
March sure came in like a lion for the 2017-18 Flyers. They started with five-straight losses, including heartbreakers in Tampa and Boston. When they finally had a key victory against a good Winnipeg Jets team, they followed that up with losses in two of their next four games. We painfully watched what was once an 18-point cushion over the Florida Panthers (with three games in hand) at the beginning of the month, shrink all the way down to eight points (now with four games in hand).
Comparing the early March struggles of both the 2009-10 and 2017-18 Flyers might give us some much-needed perspective when considering their chances in this last push to the playoffs. The constant on both teams is Claude Giroux who, back in 2009-10, finished the season strong with two goals and a very important shootout goal. The Flyers captain is playing some of his best hockey right now, just finishing up an eight-game point streak and is only two goals away from tying his career-high (28).
In 2009, Giroux was a 22-year-old in his second full season with the team. Similarly, the Flyers have a forward in his second season, the 21-year-old Travis Konecny. He has the potential to be a force down the stretch and give his team the necessary, balanced scoring they desperately need. Konecky already has some success against his upcoming opponents, scoring nine goals and seven assists against the eight teams the Flyers have left to play.
The 2009-10 team's net was occupied by a 33-year-old Brian Boucher. He finished the season stopping 99 out of the 107 shots he faced in his last four games, including a huge 23 save shutout vs the Canadiens. This season's push to the playoffs could hinge on the health of a soon-to-be 33-year-old Brian Elliot. The veteran netminder is coming back from injury soon and Flyers GM, Ron Hextall, said he could return before the playoffs. His return could be crucial for the Flyers since the current tandem of Petr Mrazek and Alex Lyon have combined to give up 34 goals while having a 0.882 save percentage.
How did the 2009-10 Flyers team finish their terrible losing streak? They went on to beat the Detroit Red Wings, Toronto Maple Leafs and, even though they lost to the Rangers on the road, they came back to beat them at home thanks to Brian Boucher's stealth shootout save against Olli Jokinen's backhand to go to the playoffs. The rest is history and all Flyers fans can hope for is some similar late-season magic for this year's team.
This article was originally written in June, 2010.
University of Wisconsin's Blake Geoffrion, winner of the 2010 Hobey Baker Memorial Award for college hockey's best player, is the new Crown Prince of NCAA Hockey. Like a champion thoroughbred racehorse, Blake's hockey bloodlines can be traced back four generations. Howie Morenz, his great-grandfather, who played fourteen years in the NHL (twelve of those years with the Montreal Canadiens), is considered by some to be the best of all time. His grandfather, Bernie “Boom-Boom” Geoffrion, married Howie's daughter Marlene and after an outstanding career in Montreal, New York and Atlanta as player, coach and TV personality, followed his father-in-law into the Hockey Hall of Fame. Dan, his father, played four years in the NHL. Now, it is Blake's turn.
Let's take a look back in time at the evolution of this family dynasty.
The Origins of Howie Morenz
It all began at the turn of the 20th century with a talented young forward from Stratford, Ontario. Born in Mitchell, Ontario on June 21,1902, he started his career playing pond hockey on the Thames river. When the family moved to Stratford in 1917 Howie played five seasons with the Stratford Midgets of the OHL, leading them to the 1921 Memorial Cup finals against the Winnipeg Falcons. Despite his spectacular personal performance, they lost eleven-nine in a two-game total point series.
After the series, Falcon defenseman, Harry Roth said: “It was Morenz, Morenz, Morenz, as the fastest junior I ever saw, scored goal after goal. Howie had speed to burn. He would come right up to you and when you tried to check him he wasn't there.” He was soon dubbed: “The Stratford Streak”.
In 1920 he became an apprentice in the Canadian National Railway shop in his hometown. His hockey ability had a great deal to do with his appointment. Playing in a CNR Tournament game between teams from Point-St-Charles and Stratford at the Mount Royal Arena in December of 1922, Morenz scored nine goals. Ernest Sauve, after refereeing the game, drove immediately from the arena to the Windsor Hotel office of Leo Dandurand, managing partner of the Montreal Canadiens. There he informed his friend of this newfound marvel on skates.
Morenz the Canadien
Dandurand, who, along with his two friends, Joseph Cattarinich and Louis Letourneau, had acquired the team for eleven thousand dollars the year before, made a trip to Stratford in January to see him play and marveled at his innate abilities on the ice. His speed, his passion for the game, his checking prowess, all added up to a brilliant future wherever he decided to play. In a meeting at the Morenz home with Howie and his father William, Dandurand was informed that the boy would not be allowed to make any move away from Stratford that would interfere with his apprenticeship at the CN factory that had two years to go before completion. “It would be regrettable if he abandoned his trade,” mused William.
In July, after hearing that Morenz father and son had been considering playing for the Toronto St. Pat's, Dandurand summoned Cecil Hart, his trusted negotiator, to his office, armed him with signed checks for different denominations and put him on a train for Stratford. “Do not return without a signed contract,” he told Hart. By the end of the next day Hart visited Stratford, had worked his magic and was able to inform his Montreal patron that the deed was done. By coincidence the signing was concluded on July 7, 1923, Dandurand's 34th birthday, prompting Leo to decide that Morenz would wear Canadiens sweater number 7.
Howie Morenz's Career
In December 1923, Morenz joined the Canadiens, quickly impressing his new teammates and the local press with his speed and scoring touch. Three games into this first season, Elmer Ferguson of the Montreal Herald wrote: “He's the best looking youngster who has broken into the NHL. If he isn't a star of the first magnitude by season's end, it‘ll be because he has lost a leg.”
His new line mates were Aurel Joliat and Billy Boucher, the youngest forward line in the league, and they led the team to its first NHL regular-season title in five years. With the great Georges Vezina in goal and Sprague Cleghorn on defense, they went on to win his first and the Canadiens' second Stanley Cup, defeating first the Ottawa Senators for the Eastern title, and then both the Vancouver Millionaires of the Pacific Coast Hockey League and the Calgary Tigers of the Western Canada Hockey League. In the first game of the Cup Finals, Morenz notched a hat trick as the team won, 6-1. In the second and final game, each member of his line scored, leading the team to a 3-0 victory. His legend was launched.
Morenz's Legacy
The Stratford Streak played eleven consecutive seasons for Les Habitants (1923 – 1934). In that time he became the brightest star ever to appear in the Canadiens' constellation. With their flashing speed and laser-like scoring abilities, he and his teammates filled not only the Mount Royal Arena but also every NHL arena they visited. Teamed with his friend and line mate, Aurel Joliat, he was never far from leading the league in goals scored and points earned. Though not a big man by NHL standards, (he stood 5'9” and weighed 165 lbs.) he played with a ferocity and passion that made him seem much bigger to his opponents.
In the 1927-1928 campaign, Morenz set a new league record, breaking the fifty-point barrier for the first time in the league's history with 33 goals and a 51-point total. His 18 assists also tied the league record set the year before by Chicago Blackhawk Dick Irvin.
In 1929-1930, he scored 40 goals in 44 games, and led his team to another Stanley Cup, adding three playoff goals to his totals, one of which was the Cup winning goal against the Boston Bruins. The following season he won the Hart Trophy for the second time, his second Art Ross Trophy for the scoring title and his third Stanley Cup.
Trouble Brewing in Montreal
In 1931-32 dark financial clouds were gathering over the Montreal Canadiens and their hard-working blue-collar fans. Every team in the league was affected by the stringent conditions brought on by the Great Depression. Thousands of seats in their home rink were empty, game after game. Despite winning his third Hart Trophy that year, Howie worried about his and his team's future.
Cecil Hart resigned the coaching position. Soon after, Dandurand and Cattarinich decided to sell the team to The Canadian Arena Company, owners of the Montreal Forum, for one hundred sixty-five thousand dollars. To make matters worse, in the fall of '33 the years started to catch up to the great Stratford superstar. Canadiens were no longer dominating their opponents. As he struggled with his scoring touch, the fans turned against him, disappointed that their hero could no longer leave defenders bewildered at the blue line. His vaunted speed was now a step slower. On October 1st, 1934, the rumors that had been bandied about in the Montreal press, rumors that the team was preparing to trade him, suddenly came to fruition. Headlines blared that the great Howie Morenz was traded to Chicago.
Morenz's Unhappy Trade
Without his beloved Bleu, Blanc et Rouge jersey Morenz was devastated. His turn in Chicago ended mercifully with a trade eighteen months later to the New York Rangers. His results there were not much better. At the end of that miserable season, Howie was forced to ask himself if indeed this was the end. Was it indeed time to hang them up? Then, to his delight, a miracle occurred.
The Canadiens had not fared much better than Morenz after their separation. The team was experiencing fiscal deficits, losing seasons, empty stands and disillusioned new owners. Looking to right the ship, the new management reached back in the club's history to rehire Cecil Hart, the winningest coach in their history. Hart's one condition for returning behind the bench was that the club re-acquire the Stratford Streak. Days later the deed was done and a jubilant Morenz could not believe his good fortune. He would return where he always knew he had belonged.
The End of a Storied Career
The season started out with the Canadiens battling the Montreal Maroons for first place. The rivalry was renewed, the spirit was back in the team, and the fans were returning. Morenz was high on his and the club's future. Reunited with Aurel Joliat and his old teammates the magic had returned.
On January 28 the Canadiens played the Black Hawks at home. Early in the game Morenz darted into the Chicago end with burly defenseman Earl Seibert in close pursuit. Suddenly, he lost an edge and fell feet-first towards the end boards. The blade of his left skate sliced through a crack in the planks. Seibert, caught by surprise at the fall, was unable to stop and piled into the fallen winger. The momentum of the collision carried both players further toward the goal but the snared leg did not move. Spectators could hear the bone snap.
Writhing in pain, he was carried from the ice by his teammates and later taken to L'Hopital St-Luc, where the club doctor determined that his leg was broken in four places.
Morenz's Injury
Hockey fans across North America prayed for his recovery. Bags full of get-well mail arrived at the hospital and at the Forum. After the initial expectation that the leg would heal quickly, reality and the seriousness of his injury slowly seeped into the atmosphere surrounding him. The fallen star became obsessed with the realization that he would never play again. His passion, “the fire in his belly”, that had driven him to the elite level of modern hockey was now turning inward on him, gnawing away at his psyche. He did not sleep and he would not eat. By the first week of March his doctor determined that he had suffered a nervous breakdown and ordered all visitation stopped so he could recover.
On March 8, suffering from chest pains late in the day, he was diagnosed with a heart attack. That night, around eleven-thirty, he struggled out of bed headed for the washroom. He never made it. Falling hard to the floor of his room, his heart gave way and he quickly passed away.
Saying Goodbye to Howie Morenz
The funeral was held on March 10 at the Montreal Forum. The doors opened at 11 a.m. and thousands of fans had formed a three-wide line all the way around the building, waiting to file past the casket and pay their last respects to their idol. His commitment to excellence in every aspect of the game, his loyalty to his team, and his love of the fans had won him a permanent place in their hearts. No one would ever replace him.
The service began at 2:30. Every seat in the building was filled. Thousands, after being turned away, milled about in the surrounding streets. His wife Mary and the children Howie Jr., Donald and the baby, Marlene sat in the first row of chairs placed on the boarded-over ice surface. Eight of his teammates acted as pallbearers and, at the conclusion of the eulogy, followed his cortege to the Cote-des-Neiges Cemetery where he was laid to rest.
Aurel Joliat spoke for the entire masses when he told the press: “Hockey was Howie's life. When he realized he would never play again, he couldn't live with it. I think Howie died of a broken heart.”
CASA GRANDE, Ariz. (AP)  The Latest on a quadruple shooting in Casa Grande, Arizona. (all times local):
3:50 p.m.
The mother of one of the suspects in a quadruple shooting in Casa Grande, Arizona, says she feels shock, horror and dismay.
Mary Lou Rodriguez said in a written statement that she is the mother of Alec Javier Perez, one of two suspects held in the slaying of four people Thursday in the southern Arizona city.
Advertisement
Rodriguez says she loves her son but does not condone or accept violent behavior. Rodriguez expressed condolences to the victims' loved ones.
Police say 31-year-old Alec Javier Perez and 22-year-old Rodney Ortiz Jr. remain jailed after being arrested Thursday on suspicion of four counts of first-degree murder.
The victims are identified as 32-year-old Justin Allen Yates, 27-year-old Jose Martin Aguilera, 31-year-old Connie Carrera and 29-year-old Crysta Proctor.
Police said Proctor was the estranged wife of Perez.
____
2:21 p.m.
Casa Grande police have identified the two suspects arrested and the victims in a quadruple killing attributed to domestic violence, saying that one of the victims was the estranged wife of one of the suspects.
Police say 31-year-old Alec Javier Perez and 22-year-old Rodney Ortiz Jr. remain jailed after being arrested Thursday on suspicion of four counts of first-degree murder.
The victims are identified as 32-year-old Justin Allen Yates, 27-year-old Jose Martin Aguilera, 31-year-old Connie Carrera and 29-year-old Crysta Proctor.
Police said Proctor was the estranged wife of Perez.
Police say the case has been submitted to the Pinal County Attorney's Office for review.
A police department spokesman, Officer Thomas Anderson, says he doesn't know whether the suspects have attorneys who could comment on the allegations.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A Russian man accused of operating a network of infected computers used by cyber criminals has been extradited to the United States from Spain and will make an initial court appearance on Friday, the U.S. Department of Justice said.
U.S. prosecutors said Peter Levashov, 37, ran the Kelihos botnet, a network of more than 100,000 infected devices used by cyber criminals to distribute viruses, ransomware, phishing emails and other spam attacks.
Levashov denies the charges in an eight-count indictment handed down by a federal grand jury in Connecticut in April.
Levashov, who fought the extradition, told Spain's High Court in September that he had worked for Russian President Vladimir Putin's United Russia party for the last 10 years, Russia's RIA news agency reported.
He told the court that investigators in the United States would torture him for information about his political work if he was sent there to face the charges, RIA said.
Levashov was charged by U.S. prosecutors with causing intentional damage to a protected computer and wire fraud, which carry a potential prison sentence of up to 52 years if he is convicted at trial.
He was arrested while on holiday in Barcelona last April and in October, Spain's High Court granted a U.S. request to extradite him. Levashov was scheduled to appear in court in Bridgeport, Connecticut, the Justice Department said.
TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan on Saturday postponed the planned launch of an H-2A rocket tasked to put a geo-positioning satellite into orbit due to possible helium gas leakage, Mitsubishi Heavy Industries Ltd (MHI) said.
MHI, commissioned by the government to carry the satellite into space, postponed Saturday's launch after detecting a decline in pressure levels inside a tank containing helium gas, which is used to operate valves for cooling rocket engines.
The company is looking into what specifically caused the pressure decline, and the rocket is now likely to be launched as early as Aug. 17, a MHI spokesman said.
The launch of a third geo-positioning satellite is part of Japan's plan to build a local version of the U.S. global positioning system (GPS) aimed to offer location information for autopiloting of cars and possible national security purposes.
Japan plans to put into space a fourth geo-positioning satellite by the end of the year to start offering precise position information next April, using signals from the four Japanese satellites as well as U.S. GPS satellites and others.
The U.S. GPS has a margin of error of up to 10 metres (33 feet), but under the new Japanese system, positioning error will come down to 6 cm (2.4 inches) or less, according to the Cabinet Office.
What's the best sports film of all time?
March Movie Madness @ Lilly begins Monday, March 19th.
Lilly Library has 100s of sports films – ranging from iconic classics such as Rocky to quirky films like Shaolin Soccer to searing dramas such as Creed. In fact, we have so many sports films, we decided to select just 64 (sound familiar?) for our very own Lilly Library version of March Madness. You may not agree with our title selections (does that also sound familiar?), but don't let that stop you from joining in the fun and having a chance to win a Crazie great PRIZE!*
Here's how:
To vote, visit our 64-team Lilly Library March Movie Madness online field here.
To record your selections, vote for your choice of Heavy Hitters in Bracket A versus films that Go the Distance in Bracket B to eventually face those films that are Down to the Wire in Bracket C opposite the Full Court Press of Bracket D. Voting dates are listed below and on the contest page.
Updates will be posted in Lilly Library's lobby and on Lilly's Facebook, Instagram and Twitter accounts in addition to our blog, Latest@Lilly.
Only votes submitted via Lilly March Movie Madness count.
Want a copy of the brackets just for fun? Download here.
*Did someone say PRIZE?
Participants who provide their Duke NetID and vote for the sport movie “champion” will be entered into a drawing for a Crazie fan grand prize!
The details – online voting dates:
Round 1: Monday, March 19th until midnight Wednesday, March 21st
Monday, March 19th until midnight Wednesday, March 21st Round 2: Thursday, March 22nd until midnight Sunday, March 25th
Thursday, March 22nd until midnight Sunday, March 25th Sweet Sixteen: Monday, March 26th until midnight Tuesday, March 27th
Monday, March 26th until midnight Tuesday, March 27th Elite Eight: Wednesday, March 28th until midnight Thursday, March 29th
Wednesday, March 28th until midnight Thursday, March 29th Final Four: Friday, March 30th until midnight Sunday, April 1st
Friday, March 30th until midnight Sunday, April 1st Championship: Monday, April 2nd until midnight Tuesday, April 3rd
Winner announced: Wednesday, April 4th!
Bonus: Extra Innings? Overtime? Want MORE sports movies?
Some movies are so iconic that they are more suitable for the Hall of Fame. If you are wondering what great movies (and maybe not so great) did NOT make the field, check out the bench-warmers here at March Madness – On the Bench.
At Lilly Library, now that it's time for The Big Dance –
we hope you join in!
In this Friday photo, Montenegro's Prime Minister Dusko Markovic speaks during a press conference after talks with his Serbian counterpart Aleksandar Vucic at the Serbia Palace in Belgrade, Serbia. ﻿﻿﻿Markovic said Tuesday that those who want to destabilize the country by meddling into its affairs “should keep their hands off Montenegro.” Darko Vojinovic — The Associated Press
PODGORICA, Montenegro >> Montenegro's prime minister told Russia and its allies in the tiny Balkan state on Monday to stop destabilizing the county while opposing its NATO bid.
Prime Minister Dusko Markovic said that those warning of unrest “in Montenegro or outside of it should keep their hands off Montenegro.”
Markovic spoke after opposition pro-Russian parties denounced a call by Montenegro's special prosecutor urging the national assembly to lift the immunity of two senior opposition leaders allegedly involved in a pro-Russian plot to overthrow the government over its NATO bid.
The public prosecutor wants immunity removed so that Andrija Mandic and Milan Knezevic could be detained and eventually put on trial for criminal conspiracy and inciting “acts against constitutional order and security of Montenegro.”
The parliament votes on the immunity Wednesday. Some opposition groups plan to stage street protests in front of the assembly in the capital, Podgorica.
Some 20 people — including two Russian citizens — have been suspected of participating in the October plot that allegedly included plans to kill a then-prime minister and take over power to prevent Montenegro from joining NATO.
Mandic, who made several recent visits to Moscow where he received support from the Kremlin for his anti-NATO stands, said that Montenegro's leaders are playing with fire by threatening arrests. He warned of a civil war in the state of 620,000 people which is deeply divided between those who want to join NATO and other Western institutions and those who seek close ties with traditional Slavic ally Russia.
“For them, there is no law and order,” Markovic said, referring to the opposition. “The messages we heard are irresponsible.”
The Kremlin, opposed to further NATO expansion in Europe, has denied involvement in the alleged coup plot. But, it has actively supported groups opposed to Montenegro's NATO membership.
U.S. President Donald Trump's stand toward NATO, which he has described as an “obsolete” organization, and his warming of relations with Russian President Vladimir Putin, has worried many in Montenegro and the rest of the war-torn Balkans.
Dusan Stojanovic contributed from Belgrade, Serbia.
By Jesse L. Jackson, Sr.
African-American unemployment has reached its lowest levels ever. President Donald Trump boasts about this on the stump, naturally claiming credit for a recovery that began after his predecessor, Barack Obama, saved an economy that was in free fall. Trump says he's delivering on his promised “new deal for blacks.” Don't fall for the hype.
A low topline unemployment rate is a good thing. Tight labor markets force employers to compete for workers. More African Americans who are too often the last hired find jobs. Those who have lousy jobs are more confident about looking for better ones. Even harsh employers like WalMart find it necessary to lift wages to attract and keep decent workers. Wages should start going up.
But we haven't seen much of that in this economy. That's because while the topline rate is down, it doesn't count millions who have given up looking for work and have dropped out of the work force. Only if the economy continues to grow and unemployment continues to decline are we likely to see wages starting to improve.
The big problem, however, is that most of the jobs are simply lousy. Virtually all the new jobs aren't secure — they are part-time, short-term contract jobs, with variable hours, few benefits and low wages. Not surprisingly, African Americans are more likely to be caught in these kinds of jobs than whites are.
Like most Americans, African Americans find that the costs of what they need are rising faster than their wages are. Paychecks don't buy what their paychecks used to buy. Health care costs are exploding. College debt is now higher than credit card debt and auto debt. Housing costs are at or near record highs, both for those who want to buy a home and those who want to rent.
As bad as this is for everyone, it is worse for African-Americans. Black unemployment rates remain nearly twice as high as white unemployment rates. Black households make less income and have dramatically less wealth than white households. This is true at all levels of education and in every region.
According to a report from the Asset Funders Network, the median wealth of single African-American women is a stunning $200. It is $300 for single African-American men. It is $15,640 for single white women and $28,900 for single white men.
There is less poverty now than there was 50 years ago. African-Americans have started to close the education gap — in graduating from high school, getting a college or advanced degree. Yet in 1968, the median black household only earned 63 percent what a median white household earned. In 2016, the gap was worse, with blacks earning only 61 percent of what a typical white household earned.
Much of this is due to discrimination. Study after study shows that job seekers with a “white sounding name” are more likely to be called back than those with a “black sounding name.” Some of it is due to the failure of the minimum wage to keep pace with productivity or inflation. Some of it comes from the decline in labor unions, with wages stagnating across the board.
Trump boasts about the unemployment rate. He promised in the campaign a “new deal for blacks.” He claims that cracking down on illegal immigrants has helped lift black wages by reducing competition for low-skilled jobs.
The reality is that Trump's policies are perversely designed to make things harder for African Americans.
His administration is rolling back enforcement of civil rights laws across the government. It is cutting back on enforcement against wage theft and payday lenders. It is reversing Obama's order to provide millions more with overtime pay.
Trump boasts that he has dismantled Obamacare. The result is millions more losing coverage or unable to afford the prices that are rising in part because of Trump's attacks.
The administration plans to reduce funds for Pell grants and college loans. Its tax cuts will go overwhelmingly to the already rich, while it calls for reducing the resulting deficits by slashing spending on Medicaid and Medicare, on food stamps and education. Low-wage white workers will be the most numerous victims, but African-Americans and Latinos will be hit disproportionately.
A good economy with full employment can help solve many problems. But Trump's “new deal for blacks” is a bad deal from the bottom of the deck. We know what to do to reduce poverty and entrenched discrimination. It isn't a mystery. It is simply a matter of will — and of power.
Former Tainted Minds player Tristan “Cake” Côté-Lalumière had already taken to TwitLonger in the past to bring his issues with the team to light, and did so again last night, criticizing Riot's ruling. Côté-Lalumière alleges that Riot Games still owes the former Tainted Minds manager “Fassfy” multiple thousands of dollars, and disputes the investigations into a conflict of interest between the organization and Riot's Oceanic division. One of Riot's staffers was reportedly responsible for convincing John McRae, managing director of high-school esports organization Letsplay.live, to invest in Tainted Minds; McRae and Daniel Ringland, who had been handling mediation attempts between Tainted Minds and its players, were seen spending time on the Riot campus, according to Côté-Lalumière, while they were under investigation.
Compounding issues is a YouTube interview released this morning in which Oceaniac Pro League player Jackson “Pabu” Pavone alleges that Regicide, a competitive League of Legends team who recently competed in the region's promotion tournament and won a spot in the OPL, used a number of “off-limits” players to qualify. These players were account boosters, people who raise League of Legends accounts to certain specifications (often a high ranking in the game's ranked mode) and then sell the account for profit, an action strictly forbidden by Riot that has resulted in bans for several pro players.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump on Friday approved the release of a classified Republican memo that alleges anti-Trump bias at the FBI and Justice Department, sending the document back to a congressional committee that may make it public, Fox News reported.
The four-page memo has been declassified and its release was expected later on Friday, Fox reported, citing unidentified sources.
ISLAMABAD, June 14 (APP): Election Commission of Pakistan
(ECP) on Wednesday received a first consignment of
100 biometric Verification Machines (BVMs) from a private firm
M/s Secure Tech Pvt. Ltd to use in election purposes.
According to an official of ECP, these machines have been
purchased to use in by-elections throughout
the country as pilot testing, a fist time ever in the election
process of the country. He said that a complete data of electoral
rolls will be feed in these biometric machines, which will
further ensure transparency in scrutinizing the voters' names.
He said that the commission was waiting for the response of
NADRA on ECP's request of providing thumb impression.
He said that the report on results of
scrutiny of pilot testing will be presented before
the Parliamentary Committee on Electoral Reforms. The official
said that these machines which are more technically efficient
and reliable will meet the technical requirement of the commission.
The Big Lead's PM Sports Roundup, which is just so excited about the royal wedding.
Olivia looks lovely: Olivia Culpo looked fantastic at Gigi Hadid's birthday party last night. She seems to be doing well after her split from Danny Amendola.
Today. Home ❤️🏠 A post shared by Olivia Culpo (@oliviaculpo) on Apr 6, 2018 at 6:17pm PDT
Mayfield to the Browns?: The Cleveland Browns may be considering Baker Mayfield with the first pick in the 2018 NFL Draft. That would be quite a shocking turn of events.
Seahawks still considering Kaepernick?: Pete Carroll says the Seattle Seahawks could still sign Colin Kaepernick. The Seahawks could actually be the perfect fit for Kaepernick if he does return to the league.
Tweet of the Day:
So Jon Gruden has hired a coach previously accused of domestic violence and the Raiders just signed a player one week after he was arrested. Yet he cut Marquette King to send a "message." Some message Gruden is sending. https://t.co/5qmv7cGJW1 — Max Meyer (@TheMaxMeyer) April 23, 2018
In Case You Missed It on The Big Lead:
So, Carmelo Anthony's Career Is Over, Right?
2018 NFL Mock Draft: The Big Lead Staff Edition
Colin Cowherd is a “Manalytics” Guy, Unmoved by Rockets' 50-Point Quarter
Billy Donovan Could Be Collateral Damage In Oklahoma City Thunder Implosion
Around the Sports Internet:
Ever wondered what Smush Parker is up to these days? Then this article is for you
Marcus Smart has been cleared to play just when the Boston Celtics need him the most
The Baltimore Orioles should definitely make the move to trade Manny Machado
The Pittsburgh Steelers could wind up drafting a quarterback in the first round
Song of the Day:
Neko Case
Hell-On
(ANTI-)
Rating: 3 out of 5 stars
It's been fascinating to watch Neko Case shift her musical focus over the past two decades, shifting from a talented dark-hued country chanteuse to an increasingly experimental indie pop auteur. That evolution continues on Hell-On, her first solo album in five years and her most complex creative endeavor yet.
Case has been plenty busy during that stretch, continuing her longtime association with The New Pornographers and joining fellow sirens k.d. Lang and Laura Veirs in 2016 for a successful album and tour. But Case was also plotting her next move, gravitating further left artistically for the multifaceted and oblique Hell-On. Although only a dozen cuts spread out over 50 minutes, the album feels sprawling and expansive. Case's plentiful lyrics overspill into images that are confusing and likely understood best by the singer. On the opening title track she sings “My voice a straight garroting wire/ A stolen mile of fingerprints/ Peeled up quiet from their dunes/ captured and respooled as ruin,” which is part of just one verse out of five that are equally confounding.
The songs — at times pieces might be a more appropriate term — were layered over multiple studios and finally tinkered into shape in Sweden by co-producer Bjorn Yttling from Peter, Bjorn and John. While some like “Last Lion of Albion” have beats and melodies enhanced by backing vocals (Lang, Veirs and longtime associate Kelly Hogan contribute) that are approachable, most are less easily absorbed. Threads of prog intersect with minor key scales, multiple overdubbed instruments that come and go and Case's opaque concepts, best described as “enigmatic.”
If everything was as catchy as early single “Bad Luck,” with the telling words “trying to pass riddles for poetry,” this would be an intriguing step forward in Case's ever-evolving career. But as soon as the next selection, the 7-minute plus Mark Lanegan assisted duet “Curse of the I-5 Corridor,” things get frustratingly snarled. It's the rare song that can support lyrics of “I fear I smell extinction/ In the folds of this Novocain age coming on” and even with Lanegan's baritone, this one, like many here, buckles under the weight of that obtuse vision.
Crooked Fingers' Eric Bachmann guests, singing and playing piano on his own composition “Sleep All Summer,” and the relative directness of that melody — the album's lone non-Case penned or co-written tune — stands in contrast to most of this disc's far more tangled tunes.
Case delivers everything with her beautifully smooth husky voice. There is no questioning the amount of thought, preparation and work she has put into constructing these tracks, especially lyrically. Kudos for pushing outside her already elastic envelope, creating music that doesn't adhere to standard templates. Fans willing to follow these winding, often convoluted melodies and thoughts may enjoy the ride. But there is a chilly, somewhat detached vibe that often overtakes the material, making it a challenge to unpack each of these dense selections on an album that's easier to appreciate and admire than enjoy.
BOLOGNA, Italy (Reuters) - Italy's ruling centre-left Democratic Party (PD), trailing in opinion polls ahead of a March 4 ballot, said on Friday it would help families, boost pensions and introduce a minimum wage if it won re-election.
Former prime minister Matteo Renzi accused his rivals of making unrealistic promises as he unveiled the PD's 100-point election manifesto, which was strongly pro-Europe and included pledges to cut Italy's debt mountain and boost growth.
“We propose 100 small steps forward for Italy, 100 small, concrete measures, achievable goals,” Renzi said in the northern city of Bologna in a hall packed with party bigwigs.
Opinion polls predict that a centre-right alliance that includes Silvio Berlusconi's Forza Italia (Go Italy!) party will win next month's vote, with a combined score of around 37 percent -- not enough to control parliament.
The anti-establishment 5-Star Movement looks set to emerge as the largest single party, on around 28 percent. The PD is seen on around 23 percent, paying the price for internal schisms and the slow pace of economic recovery.
The centre-right is promising to introduce a flat-tax of just 23 percent for individuals and companies if it wins, while the 5-Star says it will introduce a “universal wage” of up to 780 euros ($973) a month to alleviate growing poverty.
Renzi said such measures were unsustainable. “It seems that the political debate is not focused on real issues. We, instead, have put pragmatism at centre stage,” he said.
PRO-EUROPEAN
Amongst the PD's flagship proposals was a pledge to give families 400 euros a month per infant for three years to help with childcare costs and allow tax deductions of 240 euros per child until they turned 18.
It also vowed to cut the corporate tax rate to 22 percent from 24 percent and drop social security contributions on wages to 29 percent from 33 percent. A minimum wage would be introduced, it said, without giving details.
The PD additionally promised to set the minimum pension at 750 euros after at least 20 years of contributions, from around 500 euros at present. Forza Italia is promising to hike the minimum pension to 1,000 euros.
The PD did not say how it would pay for its various proposals, but said it expected economic output would rise to 2 percent a year against some 1.5 percent at present, suggesting it was betting on an increase in overall tax revenues.
It envisaged lowering the debt mountain from 132 percent of gross domestic product -- the highest in Europe after Greece -- to 100 percent over a 10-year period and said it would respect the EU's budget deficit ceiling of three percent of GDP.
While opposition parties have been highly critical of the European Union, threatening fierce clashes over budget rigour, the PD presented itself as fervently pro-European.
As such, it said it wanted a eurozone economy minister appointed, the introduction of joint eurobonds to finance the single currency bloc and the direct election by voters across the continent of the European Commission president.
By the same token, a PD government would demand a halt to EU funding for countries like Hungary and Poland that were refusing to take in some of the hundreds of thousands of migrants who have reached Italy from Africa over the past four years.
“Our Europe is one of values, culture and the rule of law,” said the PD's Sandro Gozi, European affairs minister.
($1 = 0.8021 euros)
NEW YORK >> The New York Times says a reporter's comment about an unfounded rumor about first lady Melania Trump in a private conversation with an actress at a party was “completely inappropriate.”
The comment came to light after actress Emily Ratajkowski tweeted Monday that a Times journalist told her “Melania is a hooker.”
Times spokeswoman Eileen Murphy said in a statement Monday that the unnamed reporter does not cover Washington or politics. She said, “The comment was not intended to be public, but it was nonetheless completely inappropriate and should not have occurred.” Murphy said editors have spoken with the reporter.
Mrs. Trump said Monday : “Applause to all women around the world who speak up, stand up and support other women!”
Wi-Fi hotpots: As convenient as they are, they can be very annoying, as well. Especially when you're using a Mac or iPhone that's trying to connect to a hotspot when you don't want it to.
Macworld reader Martin Joseph wants to ditch one company's Wi-Fi hotspot in particular:
I wonder if you can figure out a way to set a Mac to never ever connect to Xfinity Wi-Fi? It would be great to eliminate this in my iPhone, too. I have found that deleting it from the list of known networks isn't the best choice, and I usually resort to leaving it, but at lowest priority.
Apple's Wi-Fi network control in macOS became kind of primitive many releases ago, and then Apple made it worse, removing a few features that haven't returned. You can delete networks, as Martin notes:
Open the Network system preference pane. Click your Wi-Fi entry in the adapter list at left. Click the Advanced button. In the Wi-Fi tab, select a network or networks you want to remove, and click the minus (-) sign. Click OK, and then click Apply.
You can also rearrange connection priority in step 4, so that you put preferred networks on top. This scrolling list can wind up with hundreds of entries, as they collect over time, and there's no way to search through the list, see when the network was added, get geographic information about them, or any other data.
What Martin might be encountering is iCloud-based sync for Wi-Fi network entries. If you have iCloud Keychain enabled, every Mac and iOS device logged into the same iCloud account syncs all Wi-Fi network passwords. You may have noticed this if you log in to a hotspot at a cafe that has a password on your Mac, and then turn to an iPhone—it's already synced the password over the cellular network, and has connected to the local network.
However, it's possible that deleting network entries from macOS doesn't remove the corresponding Keychain entries that are being synced, and thus when an iPhone connects to an Xfinity network, the connection details are synced back. (Xfinity uses a web-based login process, but I believe Apple passes that information to its hotspot login system, which intercepts portal screens and fills them with stored information.)
IDG Keychain Access lets you peer into stored passwords for logins, including for Wi-Fi portals.
A way to test this and potentially solve this persistent problem is to use Keychain Access in macOS, as you can't manage Keychain entries directly in iOS. (You can "forget" a network via Settings > Wi-Fi > tap a network in the vicinity and then tap Forget This Network and confirm. But it may not delete the Keychain entry, either.)
Follow these steps:
Launch Keychain Access (found in Applications > Utilities). Search for the network name (like xinifity ). Select the entry or entries and select Edit > Delete. Confirm the deletion.
Now return to the Network preference pane and follow all the steps above to be sure the entry doesn't persist, either.
It's possible this is just an iCloud Keychain sync issue, but there's no harm in cleaning out unwanted entries in Keychain Access, either.
Ask Mac 911
We've compiled a list of the questions we get asked most frequently along with answers and links to columns: read our super FAQ to see if your question is covered. If not, we're always looking for new problems to solve! Email yours to mac911@macworld.com including screen captures as appropriate. Mac 911 can't reply to—nor publish an answer to—every question, and we don't provide direct troubleshooting advice.
© 2001–2017 SBC. All rights reserved unless stated otherwise.
SBC is a registered trademark for Somali Broadcasting Corporation, Ltd.
Some of her supporters still stage protests in downtown Seoul every weekend. Such rallies could pressure whoever becomes her successor at a time when South Korea also faces increasing North Korean nuclear threats and diverse economic woes. South Korea pardoned two convicted former leaders in the.... CBSnews 4:36:00 PM CEST
Netflix has been an undeniable game-changer for the entertainment industry, arguably as important as the explosion of the humble VHS into the households of the 1980 & 1990's, Netflix has completely changed our viewing habits. However it's sometimes easy to forget that as well as offering some of the greatest television series' ever committed to the small screen, it also offers gems of the silver screen that you might have missed upon their initial release.
In no particular order of merit, here are Ten Hidden Netflix Movie Gems You Simply Must Watch...
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Wells Fargo & Co:
* WELLS FARGO COMMITS TO SATISFYING CONSENT ORDER WITH FEDERAL RESERVE
* “‍CONFIDENT IT WILL SATISFY REQUIREMENTS OF CONSENT ORDER IT AGREED TO TODAY WITH BOARD OF GOVERNORS OF FEDERAL RESERVE SYSTEM”​
* UNDER CONSENT ORDER, CO WILL PROVIDE PLANS TO FEDERAL RESERVE WITHIN 60 DAYS THAT DETAIL WHAT ALREADY HAS BEEN DONE, AND IS PLANNED
* ‍IN ADDITION, ORDER IS NOT RELATED TO WELLS FARGO‘S FINANCIAL CONDITION​
* WELLS FARGO CEO TIMOTHY SLOAN SAYS “WE TAKE THIS ORDER SERIOUSLY AND ARE FOCUSED ON ADDRESSING ALL OF FEDERAL RESERVE‘S CONCERNS”
* AFTER FEDERAL RESERVE APPROVAL, CO WILL ENGAGE INDEPENDENT THIRD PARTIES TO CONDUCT REVIEW TO BE COMPLETED NO LATER THAN SEPT. 30 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
NASHVILLE, Tenn. (AP)  Automotive supplier Denso announced plans Friday to invest $1 billion and create more than 1,000 new jobs in its main Tennessee facility to meet growing demand for electric vehicle parts.
The investment is aimed at making the Maryville plant the Japanese company's primary manufacturer in North American for electrification and safety systems, the company said.
"This is an investment in the future of Denso, and also the future of transportation," Kenichiro Ito, the chairman of Denso North America, said in a statement. "We are seeing dramatic shifts in the role of transportation in society, and this investment will help position us to meet those changing demands."
The company plans to expand several production lines to produce advanced components for hybrid and electric vehicles. The products are designed to improve fuel efficiency and preserve electric power by recovering and recycling energy. They also will boost efficiency for the entire vehicle by anticipating road conditions through data collected inside and outside the car.
Advertisement
The expansion in Maryville comes atop a $400 million investment that the company announced in 2015 to consolidate its warehouse operations, a move intended at the time to add 500 jobs.
Denso opened the plant in Maryville in 1988 with about 100 employees. U.S. Sen. Lamar Alexander, then governor, has said the facility in his hometown was a sort of consolation prize after Tennessee lost out to Kentucky for a Toyota assembly plant. Today about 3,200 people work at the Maryville plant, besides another 1,400 employees at another Denso facility in nearby Athens, Tennessee.
The announcement comes as Tennessee Gov. Bill Haslam prepares to embark on a trade mission to Asia that will include a pitch seeking to attract a new joint Toyota and Mazda assembly plant to his Southern state.
The Japanese automakers announced in August that they plan to spend $1.6 billion on the new manufacturing plant, creating up to 4,000 jobs. The companies plan to work together on advanced auto technology, such as electric vehicles, safety features and connected cars, as well as products that they could supply each other.
Tennessee is home to assembly plants by Nissan, General Motors and Volkswagen, along with a slew of suppliers. The state has been prepping a sprawling site outside of Memphis in hopes of attracting another auto manufacturing plant.
"We would love to get the Mazda-Toyota plant," Haslam told reporters Thursday. "We think we have leg up in automobile manufacturing because we're so strong in it now, and there is a sense in which there's a real desire to locate near other suppliers."
If you have a real connection, you probably like to imagine that your first time having sex with someone new will be ~electric~. You hope that the chemistry you feel will immediately be apparent in the bedroom, that it will all feel effortless. But sometimes, even though you are really attracted to each other and hit it off, the sex can be a little awkward... or downright terrible. I've totally been there. And, according to a survey of 2,000 people Pure Romance, an adult toy retailer, so have most people.
The survey, conducted by OnePoll, found that a whooping six in 10 Americans have started off a relationship with bad sex. So, that means most of us have gone on to date someone, in spite of a total lack of fireworks at the start. But if you feel like you don't perform at your best the first time, don't worry — only three out of 10 people said they would break things off if the sex wasn't good on the first attempt.
Honestly, I'm surprised anyone would break things off just for sex not being good the first time. I thought it was pretty well known that the first time can be bad — or even terrible — but that it's not really representative of how the sex will be in the future. It's important to give it some time and try new things, which the study found helped, too. Six out of 10 Americans felt like experimenting helped them gain confidence and 71 percent said they've seen big improvements in their sexual performance.
“The only way for sex to continue to get better is for your communication to continue to get better," Patty Brisben, Pure Romance Founder, tells Bustle. "You don't have to be a traffic cop, the 'stop' and 'go' does not make for a sexy and enjoyable dialogue in the heat of the moment. Bring up how much you enjoyed something your partner did afterward and continue the conversation from there.”
Naturally, what makes up "good sex" or "bad sex" is relative — and different people have different levels of tolerance for putting a lack of chemistry. Here's what else the survey found.
1 Most People Have Had Some Rough First Times Andrew Zaeh for Bustle Over half of Americans — 56 percent — have had awkward or "simply terrible" experiences the first time they had sex with someone new. I am now regretting that I've never described sex as "simply terrible", because that feels like the harshest burn I've ever heard.
2 People Give The Sex 4.5 Chances Before Breaking It Off Andrew Zaeh for Bustle OK, so the numbers say that we'll put up with 4.5 bad rounds of sex before breaking things off — but I don't think people are walking out halfway through a sex session and saying, "That's it! I've had enough! I will not round this up to five!" Let's say that people willing to put up with four to five bad sex experiences before we decide enough is enough.
5 reasons Real Madrid should buy Sergio Aguero over Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang
There are certain things Aguero can do but Aubameyang can't
by Rohit Viswanathan Opinion 15 Feb 2017, 15:29 IST
With the transfer ban lifted Real Madrid can once again go about their business this summer. The club would want to recruit some of the best players in the world after having a relatively quiet window in 2016.
There has been a lot of talk of Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and his possible transfer this summer to Los Blancos. Up until recently Sergio Aguero's future at Manchester City was also a doubt. He also happens to be a target for Real Madrid.
But if they had to chose it might be wise to go with the Argentine and here are 5 reasons why:
#5. Proven in the Premier League
One of the best in the world
The Premier League is known to be one of the toughest leagues in the world to play in because of the ferocity and pace of play. The Bundesliga is quite similar and is also a fast paced league but maybe not as physical as the English game.
Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang has done well to prove himself as a top goalscorer but he might not be able to adjust as quickly as Aguero. The Premier League has always been the toughest to adapt to and Aguero did that in his very first season.
He will actually find it a lot easier to play in La Liga given there is more focus on attacking football rather than defending. Aubameyang has been good in the past three seasons but his adjustment period will be a lot longer than that of Aguero's.
Golden State Warriors forward Kevin Durant shouted at a particular Denver Nuggets fan and said that they will sweep them if they ever meet in the playoffs. The Denver Nuggets have tied the NBA record for most threes last night when they beat the Golden State Warriors with 24 three-point field goals.
It's not very often that the Warriors are on the receiving end of a beating like that, but it did take a Nuggets team to break history just to defeat Golden State. There's definitely a chance that these two teams will meet again in the playoffs, and everybody is looking forward to it, especially Durant.
If Denver, a team currently eighth in the West, retains its spot in the standing, there's a strong chance that the Nuggets and Warriors would end up meeting in the first round of the playoffs. According to BlueManHoop, as Kevin Durant was exiting the floor at the Pepsi Center, a certain Nuggets fan had such a fun time that he shouted at the Warriors players walking off the court that they would see them in the playoffs.
Advertisement
Durant, who decided to have a little bit of fun on his own, barked back and said to the fan that Golden State would sweep their "a--." Just after the trash talk that the Warriors endured in Oklahoma City, it appears that they're having some fun giving it back to the fans.
There's nothing really much about this and it's definitely all in good spirited fun. But with all this said, beating the Warriors is satisfying as much as it is a big win for Denver and its fans.
According to TheBigLead, with the rise of Nikola Jokic and several other young players on the Denver Nuggets, a series between them and the Warriors would be a delight to watch as a first-round series in the NBA. It might likely not be going past four or five games, but it would definitely be an interesting matchup to watch.
Cal State Fullerton named Jeff Harada its head women's basketball coach, Athletics Director Jim Donovan announced on Monday during a press conference at Titan Gym.
Harada becomes the Titans' 11th head coach in the program's 48-year history, after spending the last three seasons as head coach at Division II Central Washington University in Ellensburg.
“Jeff stood out among all the other candidates,” Donovan said. “He has a decade of experience in women's basketball. He has turned two different programs completely around from not winning to winning. He has made postseason appearances numerous times at all the different places that he has coached women's basketball, and he has an overall winning record everywhere he has coached in women's basketball. He has a great personality and he has effectively communicated his experience, his philosophy and the culture on his teams.”
Harada's accomplishments include a total of seven postseason appearances in 18 years of coaching including three trips to the NCAA Division I and II Women's Basketball Tournaments (2013, 2012, 2010) one trip to the Women's National Invitation Tournament (2014), two appearances in the Men's National Invitation Tournament (1999, 2000) and one trip to the NCAA Division I Men's Basketball Tournament (1997).
“We will put a team on the floor that night in and night out will compete and give their best with great passion, great energy and great effort,” Harada said. “We'll also put a team out there that University and community can be very proud of.”
Harada has won five regular season or conference tournament championships and was named the 2010 Women's Pacific West Conference Coach of the Year.
“About 20 years ago I started this journey and this career,” Harada said. “I knew coaching is what I wanted to do. To me it's the best job in the world…the thrill of competition, brainstorming, late nights, coming up with a game plan and strategies to outmatch and outwit opponents and creating a blueprint for a successful program and enjoying that process along the way that leads to the end result. But most important for me, it's the opportunity to impact the lives of young adults, guide them on the path to be good people and lead a successful life. To me that's what it's all about.”
In the last three seasons at Central Washington, Harada compiled a 44-42 record, making three consecutive trips to the Great Northwest Athletic Conference Postseason Tournament.
In his first year at Central, Harada nearly doubled the Wildcats' overall win total and nearly tripled their conference win total from the previous season. In his second year, the Wildcats saw the highest overall win total since 2006 (17) and highest conference win total since 2004 (10). Harada coached two GNAC Freshmen of the Year (2015, 2016) and five all-GNAC selections in his three years at CWU.
“It's changing the culture, establishing a winning environment and letting the players know this is what it takes to be successful,” Harada said in response to changing the culture of his programs. “Every player will tell you ‘we want to win, we want to work hard' and I think setting the groundwork of ‘this is what takes' if you want to achieve those goals is a process. It's step by step. It's not going to happen in one day, one night, one week or one month. You learn to appreciate the small victories along the way to ultimately reach your final destination.”
Prior to making the move to Central Washington, Harada served as an assistant coach at Navy for three seasons (2012-14). Navy went to the postseason during each of Harada's seasons serving on the bench. The team went 24-8 in 2014, and earned a bid into the Women's National Invitational Tournament. That followed back-to-back appearances in the NCAA Women's Division I Basketball Tournament. Navy won back-to-back regular season Patriot League championships in 2013 and 2014, and won back-to-back Patriot League Tournament titles in 2012 and 2013.
“One of my favorite quotes that really has stuck with me throughout the years is ‘don't let life change your goals, because achieving your goals can change your life',” Harada said. “Being named the head women's basketball coach at Cal State Fullerton will truly change my life, in a good way. I am very excited to take on this challenge.”
Previously, Harada was the head women's coach at Hawai'i Pacific University, where he took over a team that had won only two games during the season before his arrival. During his tenure at HPU (2008-11), Harada coached one all-region and eight all-conference (Pacific West) players in four years, including two freshman of the year and one newcomer of the year.
Under Harada's leadership, the Sea Warriors won 58 games, including taking 36 of the 50 games played over his final two seasons there. In 2010, Harada's team won its first Pacific West Conference title, advancing to its first NCAA Division II Tournament. Harada was tabbed as the conference coach of the year that season.
Harada began his coaching career at his alma mater, the University of Colorado (1997-01), as a volunteer assistant. He later became the team's director of operations. In addition, he was an assistant coach for the HPU men's program (2004-07) before taking over the women's team for the 2007-08 season.
He replaces former head coach Daron Park, who in four years totaled a record of 32-89.
Northern Ireland Meat Exporters Association (NIMEA) chief executive Conall Donnelly believes that the decision by the European Commission to increase the beef import allocation allowed for under the terms of a proposed trade deal with the Mercosur trading block of South America could do irreversible damage to Europe's red meat markets.
“The latest move by Brussels would see the tariff-free beef import ceiling granted to Mercosur increasing from 70,000t per annum to 99,000t,” he said.
“This is an extremely retrograde step. It also raises the question of why Brussels would even consider allowing in beef imports from Brazil, given the scandal which rocked that country's red meat industry less than 12 months ago.”
The Livestock and Meat Commission's Colin Smith agreed.
“Falling consumption levels in tandem with more beef coming into the EU could create a perfect storm, in terms of pressure coming on to EU beef markets.
“I have just returned from Brussels, where I attended a number of EU Commission-hosted briefings on the state of Europe's food markets. There is now growing concern about the ongoing downturn in beef consumption levels.”
“The good news story for the local beef industry, however is the ongoing the commitment of livestock farmers here in Northern Ireland to produce beef of the highest quality, which is fully certified courtesy of the Farm Quality Assurance Scheme.”
Ulster Unionist MEP Jim Nicholson has said that the latest proposals by the European Commission to concede further on beef in a bilateral trade deal with the Mercosur states suggests a final deal is imminent.
Mr Nicholson said: “I have long said that the European Commission is on a precarious path, and this latest proposal suggests that the European Commission and the Mercosur states are edging ever closer to agreeing a final deal.
“The impact of any final deal will be widely felt across Europe, including the UK, and the price to be paid will be the beef industry. There is no guarantee that the European market will be able to absorb the imports of cheap South American beef, which highlights the sheer risks the European Commission is taking.
“And it was no more than a year ago that the revelations of the beef scandal in Brazil emerged, where companies were found to be selling unsafe produce and rotten meat. Back in November I hosted a hearing on Mercosur in the European Parliament and it provided an opportunity for MEPs and stakeholders to discuss the deal. Unfortunately, the concern which was widely expressed to the Commission seems to have fallen on deaf ears.
“The Commission appear to be blind to the severe impact any EU-Mercosur deal will have, the impact will certainly be exacerbated if the Commission does not defend the most sensitive sectors.
The MEP added: “From discussions I have had, the feeling I am getting is that a deal is imminent, and unfortunately, despite lobbying by myself and others I fear that the Commission has not thought out the effects any deal will have.”
Ulster Farmers' Union president, Barclay Bell, says that an attempt by the EU to increase their offer on beef to 99,000t in the EU-Mercosur trade talks is completely unacceptable, adding:
“Such an agreement would have a devastating impact on European beef production and warned that the UK beef industry is also at threat.
“The EU Commission has already conceded far too much to the South American bloc. There seems to be no regard for the impact on food safety standards or the economic impact on European farms. These countries have no interest in adopting European traceability standards. They do not comply with EU animal welfare standards and Brazil, in particular, has not dealt appropriately with a huge food fraud incident involving rotten meat.
“When you factor in unsustainable environmental practises these countries adopt in their food production systems, it really is incredible that the European Commission deems these proposals acceptable when it clearly wouldn't be for any EU Member State,” said the UFU president.
Mr Bell beleieves the whole situation reeks of desperation.
“Clearly the EU Commission is under pressure to do business no matter what the cost is.”
For “This Is Us” star Mandy Moore, beauty and wardrobe are vital tools in portraying Rebecca Pearson from her mid-20s to her 60s. “This is a character who has suffered tremendous loss, had children, remarried, and I think she wears it all on her face and how she chooses to face the world,” Moore says. The Golden Globe-nominated actress and singer loves switching up her look on the red carpet as well.
2016
The marigold color sold Moore on wearing this Prabal Gurung dress to the Emmys — her “first awards show in a long time.” “I loved the breezy, floaty aspect, especially considering it was an unbelievably hot day,” she says. Finishing with a '70s Parisian beauty look, Moore rejoined the awards circuit feeling like “a gussied-up version” of herself. Days later, “This Is Us” premiered. “We didn't know much about [Rebecca] in the pilot, but I was drawn to this woman deeply in love with her husband, devoted to being the best mother she could be, and whatever happened from there, I was more than game for.”
2017
“‘This Is Us' and I were both nominated, so it felt like a seize-the-moment-type fashion opportunity,” says Moore of these Golden Globes. Her navy Naeem Khan dress was the first option she tried. “The flowy layers of chiffon and cape trailing behind made me feel [like] some sort of chic superhero. The deep V was new for me, too, and I just felt empowered and womanly.” That the freshman show landed nods was mind-boggling to Moore, who considers it cathartic — both an escape from life and an opportunity to “feel it all” via the characters.
Related Stars Talk Time's Up, #WhyWeWearBlack at Golden Globes 'The Terror' Team on Importance of Tuunbaq Attack Coming From 'Almost Surreal Vantage Point'
Come Emmy time, when the NBC newcomer contended for best drama series, Moore could tell from a photo that this Carolina Herrera dress was “the one.” “Originally we were thinking of asking them to make it in another color, but once we tried on the sample, it was undeniable,” says Moore, who loved the dramatic black and white layers of tulle. She added Jennifer Meyer jewelry, a swept-up hairstyle and pink lips to complete the early fall look. “It was a whole lot of dress, but very much felt like the quintessential ‘princess' moment,” she says.
2018
Since wearing black in solidarity with “our sisters and the Time's Up movement” was a key component to the Golden Globes, Moore knew she wanted to “find a way to make it pop.” With help from Moore's stylist, Erica Cloud, designer Rosie Assoulin created a custom gown, which didn't fall right. “[So] on the day, we went with the original, all-black version that was never shown on the runway,” she says. “The sample fit like a glove, no alteration required, and it was just instantly textured and gorgeous and comfortable — not to mention striking with the crisp red belt.”
When the Philadelphia Flyers stepped up to the podium and selected six-foot-six defenseman Samuel Morin from the Rimouski Oceanic at 11th overall in 2013, there were some mixed reviews. Some people immediately thought Chris Pronger 2.0, while others were left scratching their heads.
If you look at his makeup, standing nearly seven feet tall and weighing in over 200 pounds, you can see where the Pronger comparisons come from. Like Pronger, he is a towering force and a player that you keep your head up against.
On the opposite side of the coin, skeptics said his foot speed was an issue and he was simply too slow to be an effective NHL defenseman. If you look at the direction that the league is going, players are getting smaller and quicker. He held his own in juniors, but the question is, will his game transition well to the new NHL or will he be left behind?
This season has been rough as he has dealt with some injury trouble. He's been limited to two games this season with the Flyers and only 15 with the Lehigh Valley Phantoms. The hope is that it won't affect his development and that he can have a strong finish to the season.
Heads Up, Seven Up
Players have quickly realized that you have to have your head on a swivel Morin is out there on the ice. He is like a shark hunting for fresh blood. He's not afraid to step up and make the big hit, which is where some of the liabilities in his early career have come from. He needs to be smarter with picking his spots. There are times when you can step up and deliver the big hit but there are also situations that call for a simple poke check.
In order to be an effective player and a solid defenseman, Morin needs to keep the sand paper in his game. It instills fear in the opposing players often causing turnovers or giveaways when he plays it right. He is an effective net clearing presence and goalies love when he is around, as long as his big frame doesn't alter their view of the puck. Goalies also like having Morin on the ice because nobody gets away with free shots at the goalies hands or pads – and if they do they get a face full of Morin.
There have been glimpses of the great player that Morin can be. Those are the games when he makes smart plays like good breakout passes from the defensive zone, clearing the net, making smart hits, using his reach to his advantage and getting pucks on net. When Morin is on his game, he keeps things simple and opponents are aware of his presence.
Morin's Not Afraid of the ‘Fisticuffs'
Search YouTube for Samuel Morin and you're sure to find a great fight. Whether it be from his days in the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League (QMJHL) or from his couple years of professional hockey with the Lehigh Valley Phantoms, they're all entertaining. Maybe more entertaining for us than the opponent that is getting dragged across the ice, but nonetheless entertaining. He's a man among boys and you can't help but feel bad for the players that cross him.
In juniors, players trying to make an impact on their teams would challenge him because they wanted to show they weren't afraid to take on the biggest guy on the team. Many of them quickly found out that that was a mistake. He put up over 100 penalty minutes (PIM) in two of his four seasons with Rimouski and over 50 in the other two. He also put up over 100 PIM in each of his first two seasons with Lehigh Valley — but, if you look at this year's totals, he is sitting at only 26 PIM through 15 games played showing his maturity level.
The Reincarnation of Pronger?
Looking at him out on the ice you can't help but get flashbacks of Pronger. He's a towering force who no one wants to mess with. Players are afraid to go head-to-head with him in the corners and often cough up the puck because they're overthinking when he is on the ice. If you touch his goalie or one of his teammates he is not afraid to take care of business.
The Flyers have missed this type of presence over the years. A guy who is going to take a penalty from time to time just because he plays on the line. You can accept those penalties when they're warranted but not when they're bone-headed plays. If he gets an instigator for protecting a teammate then so be it. This type of player can cause a coach to scratch his head but you know they always have the team's best interest in mind.
While he may not carry the leadership qualities or the offensive skills that Pronger did, Morin is going to be a solid stay at home defenseman. He's the kind of player that fans have to manage expectations on. He is not going to be an impact player when it comes to the scoreboard. You will know Morin had a strong game by not hearing his name.
Unless the Flyers fall out of contention this season or they have a few injuries on the back end, Morin is most likely not going to get the call to the NHL. This is a smart move by general manager Dave Hakstol because the extra year of seasoning in the AHL is going to pay dividends when next season rolls around. With Brandon Manning's contract coming up at the end of the season, this could be the roster spot that Morin wins in the 2018-19 season. One thing is for sure — Morin is not intimidated by anything. He has a Broad Street Bully mentality that is sure to make him a fan favourite and a solid defenseman for years to come.
The man charged with biting off the tip of a Comox Valley cab driver's finger last month will appear in court tomorrow morning.
Peter Valdal was charged by the Comox Valley RCMP with aggravated assault after the incident, which occured on April 28 behind the 7-11 on Ryan Road.
Read More: Comox Taxi driver has tip of finger bitten off by ‘irate' passenger
Comox Taxi driver Bruce Morgan said he had picked up a passenger by the Simms Park gazebo around 7:30 p.m. on April 28. Morgan said the passenger was initially unresponsive when he asked him for a destination.
After driving for a few minutes, Morgan said Valdal asked him to pull over behind the 7-11.
Morgan claimed that after a short exchange, he told Valdal he would have to drive to the police station if he did not cooperate, after which Valdal started “throwing punches.”
“I blocked most of it. I put my hand under his jaw and pushed his head against the window. That's how my fingers got close to his mouth. He grabbed the ring finger on my right hand and bit a piece of it off,” Morgan told The Record.
Following that, Morgan said Valdal lunged across the console and put him in a headlock. Morgan got the door open and the two tumbled out onto the ground.
Coincidentally, an off-duty Comox Taxi driver witnessed the altercation and came to Morgan's aid. He held Valdal down while Morgan called the police.
The cab driver received medical attention at the hospital and despite losing the tip of his finger, managed to return to work the same night. He later filed a WCB claim.
According to Court Services Online, tomorrow will mark Valdal's 10th appearance at the Courtenay law courts since 2002. He is set to appear at 9:00 a.m. at the Courtenay Courthouse.
* U.S. 10-year yield hits 4-year peak, 2-year highest since 2008 * Year-over-year U.S. wage growth strongest since 2009 * U.S. 2-year, 10-year part of yield curve steepest since November (Updates market action, adds quote) By Richard Leong NEW YORK, Feb 2 (Reuters) - A strong payrolls report on Friday raised concerns the Federal Reserve might hasten to increase interest rates to stem inflation, compounding a bond market rout that pushed the yield on the U.S. 10-year Treasury to a four-year high. Global bond yields have been rising on expectations of improving global growth and speculation on reduced stimulus from overseas central banks. While traders appear more upbeat on economic prospects outside the United States, domestic business activities have remained solid with signs inflation is edging closer to the Fed's 2 percent target. Some Fed officials have been reluctant to raise rates further without evidence of an acceleration in inflation. The Labor Department said on Friday employers hired 200,000 workers last month, more than the 160,000 they added in December. More importantly, average hourly earnings grew 0.3 percent, bringing its year-over-year increase to 2.9 percent, the biggest annual rise since June 2009. "This supports the notion of growing wage pressure in a tightening labor market," said Bill Northey, chief investment officer at the private client group of U.S. Bank in Helena, Montana. The encouraging wage figure lifted a gauge of investor expectations on inflation to its highest in almost 3-1/2 years. The yield premium on regular 10-year Treasury notes over 10-year Treasury Inflation Protected Securities grew to 2.13 percentage points, the most since September 2014, according to Reuters and Tradeweb data. As the inflation outlook has strengthened, traders have piled into bets the U.S. central bank would achieve at least three rate increases in 2018, matching the number put into place last year. The yield on the Benchmark 10-year Treasury reached a four-year peak at 2.852 percent. At 10:27 a.m. (1527 GMT), it was 2.841 percent, up 6.8 basis points on the day. The two-year yield touched a nine-plus year high at 2.186 percent, while the five-year yield hit 2.621 percent, its loftiest since April 2010. The yield curve further reversed its earlier flattening move tied to expectations that inflation would stay muted. The yield spread between two-year and 10-year Treasuries widened to 67 basis points, the most since mid-November after hitting a decade low nearly a month ago. February 2 Friday 10:28AM New York / 1528 GMT Price US T BONDS MAR8 145-7/32 -1-11/32 10YR TNotes MAR8 120-192/256 -0-120/25 6 Price Current Net Yield % Change (bps) Three-month bills 1.4625 1.4881 0.000 Six-month bills 1.6175 1.6532 0.005 Two-year note 99-170/256 2.1736 0.013 Three-year note 99-2/256 2.3508 0.034 Five-year note 98-232/256 2.6103 0.051 Seven-year note 98-68/256 2.7748 0.065 10-year note 94-252/256 2.8411 0.068 30-year bond 93-208/256 3.0684 0.062 DOLLAR SWAP SPREADS Last (bps) Net Change (bps) U.S. 2-year dollar swap 21.00 1.25 spread U.S. 3-year dollar swap 19.50 0.75 spread U.S. 5-year dollar swap 8.75 0.25 spread U.S. 10-year dollar swap 3.25 -0.25 spread U.S. 30-year dollar swap -12.50 0.00 spread (Reporting by Richard Leong; Editing by Steve Orlofsky)
ISLAMABAD, Feb 15 (APP): Minister for Interior, Chaudhry Nisar
Ali Khan Wednesday condemned blast in Hayatabad, Peshawar and
sought report of the incident.
In a statement issued here, he expressed deep sorrow over loss
of precious lives and sympathies with the bereaved families.
The minister also condemned Mohmand Agency blast
and expressed condolences with the bereaved families of the martyrs.
