For nearly 150 years, it's been men only: Winston Churchill, Nelson Mandela, Abraham Lincoln, Mahatma Gandhi and seven other statesmen. But on Tuesday, the statuary in London's Parliament Square got a new face: suffragist leader Millicent Fawcett.
British Prime Minister Theresa May spoke at the unveiling ceremony and hailed Fawcett as a pioneering feminist who was instrumental in gaining political agency and power for women throughout the country.
"I would not be standing here today as prime minister, no female MPs would have taken their seats in Parliament, none of us would have had the rights and protections we now enjoy, were it not for one truly great woman: Dame Millicent Garrett Fawcett," May said.
The bronze statue depicts Fawcett at age 50 as she was awarded a brooch from the National Union of Women's Suffrage Societies. In her hands is a placard that reads, "Courage Calls To Courage Everywhere," which was taken from a speech she gave after the death of fellow suffragist Emily Wilding Davison at the 1913 Epsom Derby.
Born in 1847, Fawcett dedicated much of her life to fighting for women's rights. She began campaigning for the right to vote at age 19 and quickly became well known as a speaker and organizer. She became president of the NUWSS in 1907 and worked to broaden the group's base to include working-class women. She died in 1929, a year after all women over the age of 21 were granted the right to vote.
London Mayor Sadiq Khan noted Fawcett's inclusion, or that of any woman in Parliament Square, is long overdue.
"When you think of the great people in Parliament Square and when you realize that not one of them is a woman, it sort of begs the question, are we saying there haven't been incredible women in the past? That our country hasn't been built on the back of great women?" Khan said.
The campaign to include a statue of a woman was launched by activist Caroline Criado Perez. She told the BBC that she was jogging past the historic square on International Women's Day in 2016 when she when noticed the absence of any female figures. She started the campaign "as she sat on a bench outside Buckingham Palace at the end of her run," according to the broadcaster.
"If [Fawcett] were a man, she'd have hundreds of statues up to her," Criado Perez told the BBC. "She's directly facing Parliament with her placard, so the MPs can see her everyday and think, 'I should probably go and sort that problem out.' "
Fawcett's monument is also the first in the square to be created by a female artist — Gillian Wearing, a conceptual artist who won the Turner Prize in 1997.
"Other designers and artists just didn't get it like Gillian did," Criado Perez told the BBC. "For me, it was very important [Millicent] was middle aged. I wanted her to be standing there not at all sexualised, but statesmanlike."
Criado-Perez previously campaigned successfully to make Jane Austen the new face of Britain's 10-pound note.
The Governor of Queensland, the Honourable Paul de Jersey AC will visit the Airlie Beach foreshore.
THE Airlie Beach foreshore will host a very important guest this weekend.
Queensland Governor Paul de Jersey will come to the region this Saturday to thank the volunteers who have helped bring the Whitsundays back to recovery.
Deputy Mayor John Collins and Cr Jan Clifford will attend an afternoon tea at the Airlie Beach Foreshore, adjacent from La Tabella from 4-6pm.
All members of the community are encouraged to attend.
Over five decades, John Lithgow has been celebrated for his heroes, villains and roles in between.
The 71-year-old's latest extra effort arrives with the modest Beatriz at Dinner. In the comedy-drama, Lithgow plays billionaire developer Doug Strutt, who confronts Mexican immigrant Beatriz (Salma Hayek), an unexpected guest at a lavish fete.
Lithgow took a break from his busy day of Manhattan promotional interviews to discuss his latest portrayal that just may just reference U.S. President Donald Trump.
Q: Do you mind that your character is being called a Trump type?
A: I think it's inevitable. Strutt's a billionaire developer. You can't say those two words and not think of Donald Trump. But they are more different than similar.
Q: How so?
A: My character's smarter, more accomplished and he's comfortable in his own skin. He's not defensive or paranoid and he accepts the world as it is.
Q: Do you agree that he's also a bit of a charmer?
A: He's blatantly captivating. He really does seduce the audience with his humour and his sense of being at home in his own skin.
Q: Was the conflict with Hayek's Beatriz fun to play?
A: Oh, yeah. It's the alpha guest against the omega guest. It's the top dog and the underdog. Both are completely fearless while everybody else cringes because they don't know how to deal with the situation.
Q: Is that what attracted you to the production?
A: I liked the ebb and flow of the scenes. And when I first read the script, and I came to the part where (Strutt) orders a bourbon from Beatriz because he thinks she's the help, I thought, “I've got to do this.”
Q: The story seems to combine the best of film and theatre. Do you agree?
A: So much of that comes out of the writing and directing. Mike White's script is so precise, and it captures the sensibility of this world that most of us don't have access to. And then you have director Miguel Arteta, who seems to be on the side of every character.
Q: Do you always try to do both comedy and drama?
A: I don't always have the great smorgasbord of choices you might think I do. But I like to do things that are different from the last thing to keep people off balance.
Q: But you are in three comedies coming this year – correct?
A: Yes. Trial & Error (TV), Daddy's Home 2 and Pitch Perfect 3 — I call it my wacko nutball trilogy.
Q: You always seem to receive positive notices for whatever you do. Are you aware of it?
A: I have been a lucky actor. I've been getting praise my whole career and that gives me a nice inflated sense of myself.
Q: So, are you like most actors?
A: (Laughs) Sure. Actors swing wildly between arrogance and self doubt. But I never completely believe the praise although I become deeply injured by anything negative said of me.
Q: How do you keep yourself so grounded?
A: It comes in handy to grow old and have lots of experience. You learn not to be so thin-skinned.
Q: Anything else?
A: I am married to a very tough-minded woman (Dr. Mary Yeager). She's a history professor at UCLA. She doesn't let me get away with anything. She's the great ego deflater, and we all need that.
The mass retailer Macy's is making a huge step towards inclusivity with the launch of its first modest fashion label Verona Collection. The brand will offer conservative contemporary pieces perfect for layering as well as hijabs. See its wonderful designs and more details about the launch in this video.
Teleri Davies made her Wales debut in their 18-17 victory over Scotland in the opening match of the women's 2018 Six Nations.
Afterwards Teleri paid tribute to her father Bryan "Yogi" Davies who died in 2013, six years after a scrummaging accident while playing for Bala.
READ MORE: Wales held out for a tense win over Scotland
LAMOINE — The Lamoine Volunteer Fire Department will hold its 20th annual auction on Friday, Aug. 18.
Preview begins at 5 p.m. and bidding at 6 p.m. at the Lamoine Consolidated School Gym, 53 Lamoine Beach Road in Lamoine.
There is no admission fee. Refreshments will be served by the local Girl Scout troops.
Auction proceeds will benefit the Lamoine Fire Department with equipment purchases and training.
Anyone with items to donate can contact the Lamoine Town Hall at 667-2242 or Joe Young at 667-7199.
Here are your Section IV High School Football scores from Friday night:
Vestal 24 - Union-Endicott 21
Newark Valley 28 - Oneonta 21
Chenango Forks 49 - Norwich 7
Unatego/Franklin 21 - Deposit/Hancock 12
Bainbridge-Guilford 34 - Walton 12
Delhi 40 - Unadilla Valley 8
Owego 34 - Waverly 13
Elmira 61 - Ithaca 6
Dryden 8 - Spencer Van-Etten/Candor 6
Binghamton 43 - Johnson City 12
Corning 37 - Horseheads 14
Harpursville/Afton 26 - Lansing 22
Tioga 36 - Notre Dame 6
Thomas A. Edison 28 - Groton 20
Whitney Point 68 - Watkins Glen Odessa Montour 56
Greene 43 - Oxford/GMU 0
The Delhi High Court in its interim order on Wednesday banned felling of trees in the city till further orders.
The Court has not granted permission for the future also.
The Court said, “East Kidwai Nagar will be demolished if need be, as it seems to be haphazard and doesn't consider density and impact on neighbouring hospitals too.”
Last week, the Court had put on hold the housing project for government employees and a commercial hub.
The project requires cutting of around 17,000 trees to create space for building constructions.
Earlier the National Green Tribunal (NGT) had said that no trees to be cut till July 19.
The NGT had directed the National Buildings Construction Corporation (NBCC) and Central Public Works Department (CPWD) to maintain status quo. The two agencies were told not to cut trees for the redevelopment work of seven south Delhi colonies until further orders.
An analysis of over 2000 British motorways and A-roads has revealed which Scottish motorways are the most dangerous.
The data, obtained by leading motorcycle and classic car insurance broker Carole Nash following Freedom of Information request to the Department for Transport, looked at all reported road incidents on UK roads between 2007-2016.
And there was no real surprise that the M8 between Edinburgh and Glasgow came out on top in Scotland, with more than three times more accidents, cars involved and deaths than the next the nearest road.
The M8 saw 1812 accidents in that period, involving 3311 cars and resulting in 33 deaths.
In the UK as a whole, the M25 was the most accident-prone motorway with 7673 individual cases, however, more vehicles were involved in crashes on the M1, and the M6 claimed the most lives of any motorway.
However, it's not an entirely negative picture with the findings revealing that the number of reported accidents has largely decreased year-on-year, with 25% fewer crashes registered on major roads in 2016 than 2007.
In addition, no one had died in an accident on 35% of the roads analysed, including eight of the 51 motorways.
Scottish Motorways
Rank - (UK rank) - Motorway - Number of accidents - Number of cars involved - Number of deaths
1 - (9) - M8 - 1812 - 3311 - 33
2 - (20) - M74 - 568 - 768 - 13
3 - (24) - M9 - 317 - 491 - 16
4 - (29) - M90 - 249 - 347 - 6
5 - (31) - M80 - 237 - 416 - 4
6 - (33) - M77 - 198 - 355 - 0
7 - (40) - M73 - 131 - 185 - 5
8 - (44) - M876 - 69 - 96 - 0
9 - (47) - M898 - 17 - 21 - 0
India air pollution deaths poised to exceed China's
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Digital Trial subscription for $1.00 for 4 weeks
You will be billed $36.00 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $6.45 per week
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week
Other Subscription options:
Subscribe to read: Financial Times
Best of Money: If I had a final salary pension, I'd cash it in
Leading IoT platform provider to share expertise on how companies create strategic initiatives designed to propel success across the Internet of Things
SYRACUSE, NY--(Marketwired - April 18, 2017) - Anaren, Inc. announced today that the company is a Bronze Sponsor of IoTFuse: Conference 2017 and that Anaren's IoT Group President Jeff Liebl will be speaking at multiple sessions during the one-day event. IoTFuse: Conference 2017 will be held on Friday, April 21, 2017 at the Minneapolis Convention Center.
"Anaren is excited to be participating on so many levels at this year's IoTFuse conference," said Liebl. "And it's a distinct honor to be paired with so many of Minnesota's leading tech luminaries. We look forward to demonstrating our latest product innovations and engaging with customers, partners and other market influencers."
IoTFuse is a collective of some of the Internet of Things (IoT) space's brightest innovators and business leaders to form the largest group of its kind in the U.S. IoTFuse: Conference 2017 features numerous sessions that include industry-driven speaking engagements and panel discussions, as well as the latest IoT innovations from engineers, developers, and makers.
Liebl's presentation is titled, "IoT for Businesses: Incremental or Transformational?" In this session, Liebl will present and detail the four main business drivers that are propelling companies' efforts around IoT, and the new opportunities in the value chain that strategic IoT initiatives create for those willing to go "all in." Liebl will also be participating in an executive panel alongside other fellow IoT experts. Liebl has spoken at dozens of national and international technology-oriented conferences over the past two decades and recently served on the Board of Governors for the IoT M2M Council (IMC).
As a Bronze Sponsor, Anaren will be exhibiting its latest Anaren Atmosphere™ development ecosystem featuring Atmosphere Cloud™ hosting, wireless devices, and sensor-to-cloud offerings. Anaren's IoT Group has a proven record of accomplishment, delivering valuable automation tools and building blocks to wireless IoT developers. To date, Anaren has delivered millions of wireless modules, and more than 30,000 wireless development kits. Through its Atmosphere development platform, Anaren directly supports the efforts of thousands of registered online developers. The platform hosts device and sensor data in its cloud-based environment, and offers a highly customizable web-based user interface.
For more information on Anaren's IoT Group, please visit https://www.anaren.com/iot/ and for more information on the event, please visit https://iotfuse.com.
ABOUT ANAREN IOT
Since its inception, Anaren's IoT Group has shipped millions of pre-certified RF modules worldwide, using Bluetooth Smart, ZigBee, Wi-Fi, and proprietary technologies and offers a range of wireless devices, cloud software, and integrated sensor-to-cloud solutions to IoT developers and commercial customers. For more information, call 1-800-544-2414, email sales@anaren.com or visit www.anaren.com/iot.
ABOUT ANAREN
Now in its 50th year in business, Anaren, Inc. designs, manufactures and sells custom high-frequency solutions and standard components for the wireless communications, space and defense electronics, wireless consumer electronics, and IoT markets. For more information, call 1-800-544-2414, email sales@anaren.com or visit www.anaren.com.
I am pleased to see that the young-earth creation (YEC) critic, Stefan Frello, seeks to continue our exchange of ideas.
View the article now
from Answers in Genesis
facebook comments:
•Amaechi demands apology, N750m from Fani-Kayode, N500m from Fayose's aide, Olayinka
•No losing sleep over suit, says Fani-Kayode
•Falana: NIA shouldn't play on intelligence of Nigerians
The Central Bank of Nigeria, CBN, has dismissed insinuations that the N13 billion discovered by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC, in a luxury apartment at Osborne Road, Ikoyi, Lagos was moved directly fromthe bank to the National Intelligence Agency, NIA.
The amount was the total of the $ 42 million, £27,000 and N23 million recovered from the apartment.
The CBN's reaction came against the backdrop of reports that the NIA claimed that it got the money from the CBN.
This is even as the Progressives Congress, APC, in Rivers State yesterday described as mischievous, allegations by the trio of Governors Nyesom Wike of Rivers State, Ayo Fayose of Ekiti State, and Mr Femi Fani-Kayode, that the Minister of Transportation, Mr Chibuike Amaechi, was owner of the $ 43 billion recovered from the Ikoyi apartment.
Also yesterday, Minister of Transportation, Rotimi Amaechi, demanded a public apology, in addition to the sums of N750 million and N500 million respectively from former Aviation Minister, Femi Fani-Kayode, and media aide to Ekiti Governor, Lere Olayinka, for linking him with the Ikoyi, Lagos cash stash.
Asked to clarify the CBN's role in the disbursement of the funds, spokesman of the bank, Isaac Okorafor, told online portal, Premium Times, that the apex bank deals directly with banks and not government agencies or individuals.
He said: “It is true the Central Bank of Nigeria issues mint-fresh notes, but it is only to banks. After that (issuance to banks), CBN does not know which of their customers they (the banks) give those notes to and for what purpose.
“I cannot say if the notes the NIA is claiming came from the CBN. So, I will not be able to answer questions on it for now, except I receive a specific request.”
Meanwhile, the Progressives Congress, APC, in Rivers State has described as mischievous allegations by the trio of governors Nyesom Wike, Ayo Fayose and Mr Fani Kayode that the Minister of Transportation, Mr Chibuike Amaechi was owner of the 43 billion dollars recovered at a luxury apartment in Lagos State.
Chairman of the party in the state, Dr Davies Ikanya, said the trio were just trying to tarnish the reputation of the former governor with the allegations, adding that Amaechi was also not the owner of the luxury apartment.
The statement, signed by media aide to the Chairman, Chief Eze Chukwuemeka, also dared Governor Wike to go ahead with his threat to drag the federal government to court over the money.
“For the avoidance of doubt, we wish to state that Amaechi has nothing to do with either the Ikoyi estate or the huge sums of money discovered there by EFCC.
“We urge Nigerians to ignore the antics of the likes of Wike, Fayose and Fani-Kayode. Now that the revealing facts before the public domain disassociate Amaechi from this, we, hereby, request the trio to formally apologise to Amaechi for this false accusation within two weeks or we may be left with no other option than to brief our lawyers accordingly.
“Meanwhile, we urge Wike and his confused government in Rivers State to carry out their threat to sue the Federal Government, if by the end of seven days the contentious huge sum is not returned to Rivers State government or else they should hide their ugly faces in shame if they should fail to do as threatened.”
Amaechi sues Fani-Kayode, Fayose, Olayinka for N1.250bn
However, Transportation Minister, Rotimi Amaechi, has filed a N500 million suit against Femi Fani-Kayode, a former minister of aviation, and Lere Olayinka, spokesman of Ayo Fayose, governor of Ekiti state.
FANI-KAYODE & AMAECHI
The duo had accused Amaechi of owning the $ 43 million which the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC, found in the luxury apartment at Ikoyi.
In separate letters to Fani-Kayode and Olayinka, counsel to Amaechi, Lateef Fagbemi, said the allegations against his client were false.
Fagbemi said his client had never owned a home in Lagos State, and that the “misleading information” was capable of tarnishing Amaechi's reputation.
“The story as uploaded by you is to our knowledge, blatantly false, malicious and is aimed at impeaching the credit of our client, a two-time speaker of Rivers State of House of Assembly, a two-time governor of Rivers State and current minister of the federation.
“Our client neither owns the house where the cash was found and your story and claim are unfounded,'' read a letter sent to both men.
Amaechi's counsel said the publication constituted a libel and was defamatory “aimed at impinging our client's character and credit in the eyes of Nigerians and foreigners.''
No losing sleep over suit, says Fani-Kayode
Reacting, Fani-Kayode in a statement by his Special Adviser on Media, Jude Ndukwe, said: “We have been inundated with calls concerning about a threat by Rotimi Amaechi to sue Chief Fani-Kayode for defamation over the $ 43 million issue.
‘'We are not in any sleep over this matter. We have not received any court processes or letters from Amaechi but when we do so, our lawyers will respond vigorously and appropriately.''
I'm not aware of any suit— Olayinka
Also reacting to Amaechi's suit, Special Assistant to Ekiti State Governor on Public Communications and New Media, Lere Olayinka, said he was not aware of any suit originating from Mr Amaechi.
Olayinka said: “I am not aware of any letter, I am not aware of any suit.”
Falana: NIA shouldn't play on intelligence of Nigerians
The federal government would be jeopardising its whistle-blowing policy if it accepts the National Intelligence Agency's claim over the monies recently recovered by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), says Femi Falana.
Following the discovery of $ 43 million, N22 million and £27,000 in a residential apartment in Ikoyi, Lagos, the NIA reportedly claimed ownership of the stashed funds.
Reacting in a statement on Sunday, the senior advocate of Nigeria (SAN) wondered why the funds, if it truly belongs to the NIA, was not kept in “a safe in the well-fortified” office of the national security adviser.
The human rights lawyer also wondered why the NIA had not briefed anti-graft agencies about the funds since the whistle-blowing policy was launched.
Falana also advised the Rivers state government, whose governor, Nyesom Wike claimed ownership of the funds, to file an affidavit to the effect at the federal high court.
The statement read: “In 2014, two businessmen (an Israeli and a Nigerian) smuggled $ 9.3 million to South Africa from Nigeria. It was alleged that the private jet with which the fund was hauled was leased from the then President of Christian Association of Nigeria, Pastor Ayo Oritsejafor.
“Both suspects were arrested while the fund was seized. The additional sum of $ 5.7 million sent to South Africa through a bank by the duo was also seized. Although the Federal Government was not implicated in the transfer of the fund, the Office of the National Security Adviser (ONSA) later claimed that the $ 15 million was meant for the purchase of arms from a firm in South Africa.
“As the ONSA could not justify the brazen contravention of the Money Laundering Act of South Africa, the fund was confiscated on the orders of a High Court in Pretoria. When tried last year to confirm from the Attorney-General of the Federation if the forfeited sum of $ 15 million had been recovered from the President Jacob Zuma regime, I was asked to direct my enquiry to the ONSA.
“It is hoped that history is not repeating itself with respect to the embarrassing attempt by the National Intelligence Agency (NIA) to claim the sum of $ 43 million, N22 million and £27,000 seized by the EFCC last week from a flat at a building in Osborne Road, Ikoyi.
“The Federal Government owes the nation a duty to handle this matter with utmost transparency and circumspection. The NIA should not be allowed to play on the collective intelligence of the Nigerian people. If the Federal Government believes the rooster and bull story of the NIA, the danger is that similar hidden funds are going to be officially protected, thereby making a mockery of the whistle-blowing policy of the government.
“We must avoid a situation whereby huge funds hidden in abandoned buildings and apartments are said to be “operational funds” kept by certain security agencies. If the EFCC had refused to seize the fund last week, the whistle-blower could have rushed to the media to accuse the Buhari administration of keeping stolen money for the 2019 general elections.
“Apart from the NIA, the Rivers State government is also laying claim to the fund. But instead of giving the Federal Government a seven-day ultimatum to hand over the money to the Rives State government, Governor Nyesom Wike should instruct his attorney-general to file an affidavit at the Federal High Court.
“But before doing that, he should carefully study the case of FRN v CBN (unreported) where the application of the Delta State government to claim the bribe of $ 15 million paid to the then EFCC chairman, Mr. Nuhu Ribadu, by a former governor of the state was dismissed as the applicant was unable to prove that it owned the money.
“On a more serious note, are Nigerians to believe that an agency of the federal government kept about $ 50 million in an apartment without adequate security personnel to guard the money? Why was the fund not kept in a safe in the well-fortified ONSA? When was the National Intelligence Agency exempted from the Treasury Single Account (TSA)?
“If the DG of NIA has just gone to brief President Buhari that the fund was collected from former President Goodluck Jonathan for a special project, why did the briefing not take place before now? Since the NIA is in charge of external security why was it necessary to execute projects in the country? How much of such fund is being kept in private homes by the NIA and other security agencies?
“Since the whistle-blowing policy of the Federal Government commenced why has the NIA not deemed it fit to take the anti-graft agencies into confidence with respect to the fund being kept in Ikoyi for the so-called covert operations?
“Is the Federal Government not being exposed to ridicule when corrupt public officers are competing with government departments to hide millions of United States dollars in dump sites and ‘safe' apartments? Anyway, since the Federal High Court has granted the application filed by the EFCC for an interim forfeiture of the fund, it is no longer an internal affair of the Buhari administration. Let the National Intelligence Agency approach the court with convert proof to claim the money.”
WEST POINT, N.Y. — Matthew Wilson scored 14 points and led five players in double-figure scoring and Army beat American University 82-70 on Saturday, snapping a three-game slide.
Luke Morrison added 12 points, Thomas Funk and Alex King had 11 and Lonnie Grayson chipped in 10 for the Black Knights (13-10, 6-6 Patriot).
Jordan Fox made a 3-pointer and Wilson a pair of layups as part of an 11-3 run midway through the first half to put Army ahead 20-12. Grayson drained a 3 and Funk hit a layup to stretch it to 27-14 with 7:24 to go and the Black Knights were up 40-32 at the break.
American closed to 59-54 on a pair of Larry Motuzis layups with 9:46 to go but Grayson answered for Army with a 3-pointer and Morrison, King and Tucker Blackwell followed with three more to help push it to 78-62 with 3:05 left.
Sa'eed Nelson scored 21 points with nine assists for the Eagles (5-18, 2-10) who have lost the last five.
Beverly Hills Mayor Lili Bosse is taking the “Beverly Hills Healthy City” initiative to a whole new level.
Spiritual leader and alternative health advocate Deepak Chopra and the City of Beverly Hills will host a free, public meditation on the Crescent grounds of City Hall at noon on May 12 and everyone is invited.
This is the first time that Chopra has worked with a City in this fashion. The extraordinary circumstances of a City-sponsored group meditation with one of the world's most revered spiritual activists is anticipated to draw international attention.
The Healthy City initiative is to be expanded to include a cutting edge program for inner health that Bosse calls SOUL Sessions, an acronym for “Seek Original Unique Learning,” which will include a unique partnership with renowned leader in alternative health and well-being Deepak Chopra, M.D. Chopra will introduce his new Jiyo technology, which can enable smart phone app users to access a schedule of lectures, meditations, and workshops around the world where a HumaGram of these experts will be available to interact with them. It is a well-being platform intended to be a tool to enable personal transformation. Jiyo focuses on five pillars of wellness including personal growth, exercise, nutrition, sleep, and relationships.
Through the Healthy City initiative, Chopra will launch Jiyo Beverly Hills Healthy City that is connected through the app, where everyone who uses the platform can measure their participation and progress, and access teachings from experts as part of the collaboration.
“Who knows wellness better than Deepak Chopra?” said Bosse, who has incorporated daily meditation into her wellbeing routine.
Share this Story
Plaisance pupil laid to rest
Six-year-old Glenshawn Skeete, was yesterday laid to rest following an incident which took place at the Plaisance Community Centre Ground last week. Glenshawn was at a sports practice session and was swinging on the goal post when it fell on him.
His funeral service was held at the Plaisance Seventh Day Adventist Church after residents assembled at his home in Graham Street, Plaisance, East Coast Demerara took the opportunity to offer condolences and view his body.
At his funeral were his family, neighbours, teachers, classmates and Minister of Education, Nicolette Henry and several other officials from the Ministry who seized the chance to offer comfort at the gloomy moment.
Upon the arrival of his body, screams were heard and relatives became unconscious. The little boy's nine-month pregnant mother was inconsolable.
Glenshawn Skeete was the sixth child for his parents.
His great uncle, Orin James, told this newspaper that he played the role of a protector for his eight year old sister who attends school with him.
Glenshawn Skeete was pronounced dead on arrival at the Georgetown Public Hospital last Wednesday after he was rushed to the hospital by his teachers.
The child was said to be part of one of the two groups that two teachers had divided the children into on that day.
His mother, Stacy Skeete, on the day of his death, said she told the child's teacher that her child was not going to sports, yet he was taken to the practice session.
Relatives and several others have become very concerned with the situation since according to them, “the teachers should have informed the parent when to pick up her child so that he does not have to be part of the activity.”
Others complained that “teachers should have been more attentive, since they are trained and are even taught physiological and other techniques.”
Others argued that the teachers were responsible for too many children at the moment.
The Minister of Education has since pledged to do all that she can to ensure that the tragic event does not recur. Her comments came during her visit to the family's home on Thursday, last.
With the epic failures of Android lines such as the Galaxy, it seemed like the path was clear for the iPhone to re-establish its dominance over the smartphone industry. But when Google announced it was releasing its Pixel smartphone, consumers deci...
Trump to announce new measures against Iran
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Digital Trial subscription for $1.00 for 4 weeks
You will be billed $36.00 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $6.45 per week
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week
Other Subscription options:
IMAGE: CNS photo/Paulo Carrico, EPA
By Junno Arocho Esteves
VATICAN CITY (CNS) — The Diocese of Coimbra concluded its phase of the sainthood cause of Carmelite Sister Lucia dos Santos, one of the three children who saw Our Lady of Fatima in 1917.
Bishop Virgilio Antunes of Coimbra formally closed the local phase of investigation into her life and holiness Feb. 13 in the Carmelite convent of St. Teresa in Coimbra, where she resided until her death in 2005 at the age of 97.
The ceremony included the sealing of 50 volumes — 15,000 pages — of evidence and witness testimonies detailing the life of Sister Lucia. The documents sealed at the ceremony were to be shipped to the Congregation for Saints' Causes at the Vatican.
After a thorough review of the materials and a judgment that Sister Lucia heroically lived the Christian virtues, her cause still would require the recognition of two miracles — one for beatification and another for canonization — attributed to her intercession.
The Marian apparitions at Fatima began on May 13, 1917, when 10-year-old Lucia, along with her cousins Francisco and Jacinta Marto, reported seeing the Virgin Mary.
The apparitions continued once a month until Oct. 13, 1917, and later were declared worthy of belief by the Catholic Church.
Father Romano Gambalunga, postulator of the visionary's cause, said that while “Lucia is already a saint in the eyes” of many people, “the prudent path of the church is that she is proposed to all, not just those who believe.”
“Lucia became holy over the years, not because of the apparitions,” Father Gambalunga told Agencia Ecclesia, the news agency of the Portuguese bishops' conference. Without providing details, he said she had a “spiritual experience” in the convent.
While many hope her heroic virtues will be recognized by the church soon, it is important “not to do things in a hurry,” he said Feb. 13.
The evidence and testimonies gathered for Sister Lucia's cause, he said, provide “a great occasion for spiritual and theological deepening,” and the material will help “illuminate the history of the church over the last 100 years.”
Pope Francis is scheduled to visit Fatima May 12-13 and many people hope he will use the occasion to canonize Sister Lucia's cousins, Francisco and Jacinta, who were beatified by St. John Paul II in 2000.
Bishop Antonio Marto of Leiria-Fatima told Radio Renascenca, the Portuguese bishops' radio station, that while nothing is certain, he is “deeply hopeful” the canonization will take place this year, the centenary of the apparitions.
“We are waiting and continue to pray to the Lord. But I hope that, during the centenary, we will have the grace and joy to participate in the canonization,” he said.
Bishop Marto also admitted that “he is a convert,” who, as a priest, was initially skeptical of the Marian apparitions in Fatima.
“I was a skeptic. I didn't care; I did not take an interest nor did I take a position. I understood it as something for children,” Bishop Marto said.
The skepticism changed into belief after attending a conference on the apparitions and reading Sister Lucia's memoirs, he told the radio station. “I was deeply impressed, both by the authenticity of the testimony she gave and by the seriousness of the problems she dealt with. I read her memoirs three times to find the historical and ecclesial context” of the apparitions.
– – –
Follow Arocho on Twitter: @arochoju.
– – –
Copyright © 2017 Catholic News Service/U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops. www.catholicnews.com. All rights reserved. Republishing or redistributing of CNS content, including by framing or similar means without prior permission, is prohibited. You may link to stories on our public site. This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. To request permission for republishing or redistributing of CNS content, please contact permissions at cns@catholicnews.com.
Win A Trip To Las Vegas During The FightEnter now for your chance to be a part of the fanfare in Las Vegas!
Corona Light Find Your BeachCorona Light wants to help you FIND YOUR BEACH!
Get The CBSMiami Weather AppGet the new CBSMiami Weather app and stay up to date on severe weather in South Florida.
Alternate Means Of Entry For CBS Miami Texting ContestsNo mobile phone or texting plan? No problem! You can enter online for any contest on CBS Miami by entering here as an alternate means of entry.
WQAM (AM) Contest and Promotion RulesUnless otherwise specified by Radio Station WQAM (AM) (the “Station”), these rules cover routine contests and promotions conducted by the Station. These rules may be amended by separate specific rules for major contests or promotions conducted by the Station or its sponsors.
Get CBSLocal iPad App For FreeCBSLocal is CBSMiami's new iPad app: Updated 24/7 with news, sports, weather, traffic & more.
MEXICO CITY — Authorities in Costa Rica arrested a 22-year-old Colombian man suspected of threatening to stage an attack at a concert by pop singer Ariana Grande.
The threat comes on the heels of a May 22 bombing at a Grande performance in Manchester, England, that killed 22 people and injured dozens more.
The Costa Rica concert went ahead as scheduled Sunday in the city of Alajuela.
Costa Rican prosecutors said in a statement that the suspect is a Colombian citizen who made the threats online.
Head investigator Walter Espinoza told local media the threats were written in Arabic. He identified the suspect only by his family names, Caicedo Lopez.
Son charged with stabbing father in St. Charles Twp.
hello
John Shenko is charged with stabbing his father to death on Sunday.
A 22-year-old man has been charged with murder in the stabbing of his father, who was found dead on the doorstep of his St. Charles Township house early Sunday morning, police said.
John Shenko, of the 7N200 block of Longridge Drive, faces 20 to 60 years in prison if convicted of first-degree murder of his father, Kevin J. Shenko, 60, the Kane County sheriff's office said Monday.
Authorities were called about 1:15 a.m. to the area of Longridge Drive on a report of a man screaming for help, the sheriff's office said. Deputies found the elder Shenko on the ground with apparent stab wounds, and he was pronounced dead at the scene.
Police arrested a man, later identified as the younger Shenko, who was outside the house. The deadly stabbing appeared to an isolated case of domestic violence and detectives are not looking for anyone else, sheriff's office said Sunday.
The Kane County coroner's office performed an autopsy Monday afternoon and said "multiple stab wounds" were the preliminary cause of death.
The sheriff's office declined to comment further on the case.
Monday afternoon, a sheriff's deputy in a patrol car kept watch over the Shenko house.
Red evidence tape marked areas on the house's front door, and yellow police tape cordoned off the yard and driveway, on which a Toyota Prius, a Lincoln sedan and a black sports coupe were parked.
John Shenko did not have any previous arrests in Kane, McHenry, DeKalb or DuPage counties. He is due in Kane County bond call Tuesday morning.
Forty-two-year-old Rafiu Adekanbi, a baker from Ogun State, was an industrious young man who looked forward for a life of fulfillment and limitless opportunities to excel in his bakery business, but that dream of becoming a fulfilled man has gone awry.
The father of three, who resides in Alakoko area of Lagos State, now lives in excruciating pains and frustration.He suffers from an illness doctors diagnosed in 2014 as “Generalized Tremors.”
Adekanbi's pale and frail look gives him away as one who is suffering from a life-threatening ailment. He walks with his hands shaking. He is unable to hold even the lightest object firmly. His sight is also affected as he can't identify boldly printed letters or words.
He narrated his pathetic ordeal: “My problem began in 2014 and after that l was referred to Ile -Epo General Hospital, Lagos. The doctor told me that l was suffering from Generalised Tremors. l was then told to go for several tests and one of them costs N45,000. I have not done any of the tests.”
“I appeal to all well-meaning Nigerians and corporate organisations to come to my aid.
“Doctors say l need about N2.5million for the treatment, but l have no money. I depend on friends and relations e to feed my family”.
He could be reached on 08027661951 or donations paid into Rafiu Adekanbi, FCMB Account No.4169732014.
NEW YORK — Corner stores around New York City and elsewhere were shut down for a short time on Tuesday by their Yemeni-American owners to protest against the U.S. travel ban, the day before the Supreme Court was scheduled to hear arguments over whether it should be upheld.
The closing of the bodegas was a shortened version of a protest the owners initiated last year.
In the Bronx, about two dozen people gathered in front of Adnan Alshabi's store, across the street from the borough's courthouse. They held signs saying, “As my neighbour, please come stand in solidarity with me and my workers.” They then counted down as Alshabi pulled down the metal gate to close his business.
“This is to support our friends and families, they're stuck all over the world,” said Alshabi, who added that his stores in Manhattan also were closed. “They left our country, they want to come to this country. Now they're stuck, they cannot go back, they cannot come here.”
Organizers said stores in various parts of New York, as well as Virginia, Michigan and San Francisco also were among those briefly closing.
The travel ban instituted by President Donald Trump, now in its third version, indefinitely bars U.S. entry to nationals from several Muslim-majority countries — Iran, Libya, Somalia, Syria and Yemen — as well as those from North Korea and some government officials from Venezuela. Another Muslim-majority country, Chad, was taken off the list this month.
The Supreme Court will hear arguments on Wednesday, with the administration taking the stance that the president has the power to take these actions and challengers saying it is a form of discrimination based on religion, citing Trump's remarks on the campaign trail.
Supporters of the ban say it is necessary as a national security precaution, based on concerns about visa vetting in the countries involved.
Yemen has been torn apart by conflict over the past several years, with the U.S. embassy in the capital, Sana, closed in 2015. That has forced Yemenis who wanted to come to the U.S. to travel to other countries, like Djibouti or Jordan, to even apply for a visa.
A ruling from the Supreme Court is not expected until late June.
——
Deepti Hajela covers issues of race, ethnicity and immigration for The Associated Press. Follow her on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/dhajela. For more of her work, search for her name at https://apnews.com
Dorna Communications
Under more seasonable skies than have sometimes greeted the MotoGP paddock upon arrival for the race weekend at Phillip Island in October, the second Official Test of 2017 saw blue overhead but a stiff breeze keeping the grid from heading out straight away – with new Ducati Team arrival Jorge Lorenzo one of the first to get down to work.
By the end of Day 1, it was compatriot Marc Marquez (Repsol Honda Team) who topped the timesheets, as the Spaniard put in a 1:29.497.
There were some crashes for the field including Hector Barbera (Reale Esponsorama Racing) and Sam Lowes (Aprilia Racing Team Gresini), and two Red Flags on Day 1. One saw animals on track cause a short stoppage, before a crash for Lowes at Turn 6 - rider okay - damaged the tire barrier and necessitated some repair work.
The day's fastest man, Marc Marquez, spent the day working with the engine specification chosen in Sepang alongside teammate Dani Pedrosa. The reigning Champion put in 68 laps and set his best on his 53rd. Pedrosa, who spent most of the day in P4 before a late charge from some others in the top ten, ended the first session in seventh on a 1:30.281, after 55 laps.
Movistar Yamaha MotoGP held second on the timesheets for most of the latter part of Day 1, first with Maverick Viñales after the Spaniard had led the way, and secondly with Valentino Rossi – who ended the day in P2 on a 1:29.683. The rider from Tavullia also saved a potential crash earlier in the session. Viñales, who did the best of 1:29.989 after 64 laps, didn't better his time towards the end as his new teammate and Rossi's compatriot Andrea Iannone did, moving down to P4.
Iannone shot up the timesheets for Team Suzuki Ecstar near the end of the day, taking third overall with a 1:29.926 after having spent much of the session outside the top ten. The “Maniac” completed 70 laps and set his fastest on number 68. Teammate and rookie Alex Rins did 66 laps as he gets to grips with MotoGP, setting the best of 1:31.432.
LCR Honda rider Cal Crutchlow completed the top five with a 1:30.065. Putting in a late charge to move up, the Brit did 61 laps and set his fastest on his final effort. Crutchlow was another testing a version of the new specification engine for Honda, as well as Estrella Galicia 0,0 Marc VDS rider Jack Miller. Miller did 82 laps of his home track with the best of 1:30.426 – impressively ending the day in the top ten in P9. Miller's teammate Tito Rabat is not at the test following a crash at Sepang, but is hoping to return for the Qatar test.
Danilo Petrucci (Octo Pramac Racing) was another late charger as he moved up to end the session in sixth, just ahead of Pedrosa and fastest Ducati on Day 1. Putting in 87 laps as he gets used to life on his new GP17, the Italian also set his quickest lap on his last – a 1:30.262.
Andrea Dovizioso (Ducati Team) was the next Borgo Panigale machine, and the 2016 Malaysian GP winner ended the day in eighth with a 1:30.410. Charged with testing new parts and continuing the progress of the Desmosedici, “DesmoDovi” did 64 laps. New teammate Jorge Lorenzo continued his progress as he focuses instead on adaptation to the machine, spending much of the day in the top ten and one of the first out on track. The “Spartan” did 61 laps with the best of 1:30.631, just pushed down to P11 in the latter stages.
Completing the top ten was the fastest rookie of the day: Jonas Folger (Monster Yamaha Tech 3). Impressing once again after a solid debut in Sepang, the German posted a 1:30.578 and did 62 laps. Teammate Johann Zarco, reigning Moto2 World Champion, did 80 laps with the best of 1:30.867 to go P15.
Alvaro Bautista (Pull&Bear Aspar Team), Hector Barbera and Aleix Espargaro (Aprilia Racing Team Gresini) completed that top fifteen, ahead of Zarco.
Red Bull KTM Racing continue their progress in MotoGP as they prepare for their full-time debut in Qatar, with Pol Espargaro putting in a 1:31.200 as the fastest Austrian machine on Day 1.
Action continues at Phillip Island on Thursday, with the grid eager to head back out and continue their 2017 preparations as lights out in Qatar begins to loom large.
Wild bees, such as bumblebees, don't get as much love as honeybees, but they should. They play just as crucial a role in pollinating many fruits, vegetables, and wildflowers, and compared to managed colonies of honeybees, they're in much greater jeopardy.
A group of scientists in the United Kingdom decided to look at how bumblebee queens are affected by some widely used and highly controversial pesticides known as neonicotinoids. What they found isn't pretty.
Neonics, as they're often called, are applied as a coating on the seeds of some of the most widely grown crops in the country, including corn, soybeans, and canola. These pesticides are "systemic" — they move throughout the growing plants. Traces of them end up in pollen, which bees consume. Neonicotinoid residues also have been found in the pollen of wildflowers growing near fields and in nearby streams.
The scientists, based at Royal Holloway University of London, set up a laboratory experiment with bumblebee queens. They fed those queens a syrup containing traces of a neonicotinoid pesticide called thiamethoxam, and the amount of the pesticide, they say, was similar to what bees living near fields of neonic-treated canola might be exposed to.
Bumblebee queens exposed to the pesticide were 26 percent less likely to lay eggs, compared to queens that weren't exposed to the pesticide. The team published their findings in the journal Nature Ecology and Evolution.
"Without the queen laying eggs, there is no colony," says Nigel Raine, one of the scientists who conducted the experiment. Raine helped start the experiment, but has since moved to the University of Guelph in Canada.
According to Raine and his colleagues, the reduction in reproduction is so large that wild bumblebee populations exposed to these chemicals could enter a spiral of decline and eventually die out.
"To me, based on the data we have, it seems like quite a big impact," Raine says.
But he says scientists don't know how harmful the pesticide exposure is in the wild, compared to other perils the bees face, such as disappearing wildflowers that bees rely on for food. "I don't think we have a really good handle on how important, say, nutrition limitation is — if they can't find the right flowers. Or parasite loads. I'd say [neonic exposure] is important and significant, but other factors may be important and significant, too," he says.
The results are likely to strengthen calls for further restrictions on use of the pesticides. The European Union imposed a temporary moratorium on use of neonicotinoid pesticides on many crops in 2013, and is now considering proposals to make that moratorium permanent. Pesticide companies and some farmers are fighting those restrictions. They argue that the moratorium has led to lower yields of canola and an increase in spraying of other pesticides to fight insects that previously were controlled by neonicotinoid coatings on seeds.
Is the slow alignment of the French right wing and far right inevitable? Can President Emmanuel Macron keep his promise not to raise taxes? And what do the Swedes think of the current rash of strikes here in France?
The top story in Le Monde looks at the slow but definite alignment of policies of the French far right and the supposedly more mainstream Republican movement, headed by Laurent Wauquiez.
While Wauquiez and far-right leader Marine Le Pen remain technically opposed at a national level, the centrist daily says that position is being undermined by several local initiatives aimed at creating a broad right-wing alliance.
The recent debate on proposals to change the law regulating asylum and immigration has, according to Le Monde, confirmed a range of ideological and strategic points of convergence.
Will Macron keep no tax rise promise?
Le Figaro warns that the French tax-payer is close to the end of his and her tether.
Despite repeated promises that there will be no tax hikes during the five years of the Macron mandate, the right-wing daily says voters are either dubious or outright sceptical. The Hollande presidency that preceded Macron saw five successive years of tax increases, the paper says. This year the government will need to squeeze an additional 4.5 billion euros out of households. To say nothing of the presidential promise to abolish the housing tax, a gift which will have to be replaced in one form or another.
Le Figaro's editorial says the whole thing is so opaque, it's clear that nothing is very clear.
But with less coming in because of Macron's abolition of wealth tax and his softening of the fiscal rules for business corporations, there's an obvious problem. And tax-payers are obviously worried.
Worse, says Le Figaro, whatever Macron has achieved, he has done nothing to slow state spending. In fact, official France is spending 2.5 percent more since Macron took the helm. The right-wing paper says the only way the president can keep his promise to balance public expenditure by 2022 will be to break his promise on taxation.
Waste not, want not
Yesterday the French government decided to go to war against waste.
The prime minister himself, Edouard Philippe, and Brune Poirson, a junior minister in the ecology department, joined forces to launch the battle against the dominant economic model under which producers produce, consumers consume and, after three months we throw it away and buy the latest model.
Fifty measures have been announced with a view to making consumers more considerate and less wasteful. Buy better stuff, preferably made in France or at least in Europe. And buy less.
The basic idea is to progress from the current linear economy which leads directly to the dump, to a circular model under which things can be repaired, recycled, ideally reused.
Products will be labeled to indicate their level of solidity in the hope that, instead of buying, say, a new fridge every five years, we will buy a good one which can serve for 30 years. The environment will benefit and so will our purchasing power.
We certainly need to do something. The current linear model means that, if the rest of humanity started acting like pampered Westerners, we would need the resources of five planets just to supply our endless appetite for junk and have space to bury the obsolete leftovers.
European champion in the strike stakes
Le Monde looks at what the European neighbours are making of the current rash of strikes here in France.
Most German commentators seem to applaud Macron's effort to "undo decades of social stagnation in a couple of months", at the same time warning that the speed of the proposed revolution is causing a certain dizziness. Others suggest that the government may have chosen the wrong target and that reforming primary school or reducing company tax rates should have been given a higher priority.
The London papers seem to hope that Emmanuel Macron will turn out to be a French Maggie Thatcher, the Iron Lady who brought the cross-Channel trade unions to their knees in the 1980s.
And the Scandinavians are laughing since, for them, France has stricken the way dogs have fleas.
Compared to the French average of 132 days of disputes and stoppages for every 1,000 employees last year, Sweden recorded five days of strikes.
Giants' French import learned to play football from video games It began by playing a video game: “NFL Quarterback Club '98” with Brett Favre on the cover. It was actually 2005, and Anthony Dablé was 17 years old when he...
Why Eli is calling on Odell Beckham to step it up even more Odell and the Others. That is the state of affairs for the Giants when it comes to figuring out who will catch Eli Manning's passes from the wide-receiver position next...
Two science-mad kids have successfully launched their favorite toy astronaut three times higher than planes fly — reaching the dizzy height of 23 miles.
Oscar Adams, 9. and sister Layla, 7, from England, sent their Blox Spaceman on a two-and-a-half-\hour journey to the edge of space and back, after attaching it to a payload on a near space balloon flight.
Working with experts from Sheffield based aeronautics company SentintoSpace, the children were able to use a carefully calculated volume of hydrogen to lift the balloon to an altitude of 23 miles.
The balloon reached the size of a double-decker bus as it rose, before bursting at peak altitude and sending the toy — with a camera attached to record the journey — spiraling back down to Earth.
The lucky pair were afforded the opportunity of space flight by their local Wilko store after their mom Kara wrote into the retailer to say how much the children loved the Blox range of toys.
Karen Jefferys, Senior Toy Buyer for Wilko said, “We love to make Christmas even more special for families up and down the country and wanted to go the extra mile for this space-loving family.”
“Arranging a space flight from a family home was no mean feat, but we managed to accomplish the mission with the help of Oscar and Layla.”
The children, who regularly do science experiments at home with their parents, couldn't believe their eyes when they saw the footage of the Spaceman's flight after the launch.
Their mom said: “The children are really passionate about science and space — we've done lots of experiments and activities at home before, such as freezing things with dry ice, bouncing bubble and even making bouncy eggs — but we'd never dreamed we could send one of their toys into space.”
“We kept the experiment a secret from the children as we couldn't wait to see their faces when they found out about their very own space mission.”
“Oscar loves Tim Peake's story so he was thrilled to have the chance to recreate space flight.”
The risk of getting colorectal cancer — particularly rectal cancer — before age 50 has increased by 51% since the mid-1990s, according to the American Cancer Society. The group issued new guidelines on Wednesday recommending that people at average risk start getting screened for the disease by age 45 rather than 50.
"Someone born in 1990 has twice the risk of developing colorectal cancer in their lifetime as someone born in 1950, and four times the risk of developing rectal cancer, or cancer of the lower colon," Dr. Andrew Wolf, the lead author of the new guidelines, told BuzzFeed News.
Colorectal cancer is the fourth most common cancer in the US in both men and women, and the second leading cause of cancer deaths. Blacks, American Indians, and Alaska Natives have a greater incidence and mortality compared with other people. Overall, there are 97,000 new colon cancer cases and 43,000 new rectal cancer cases each year.
"This is a condition that I think has traditionally been considered a risk for older people but It is reaching into younger populations," said Wolf, who is an associate professor of medicine at the University of Virginia School of Medicine in Charlottesville. "It's still uncommon but younger folks, millennials, need to be thinking about it and need to be talking to their healthcare providers about it."
GREENVILLE, N.C. (WNCT) — The Greenville City Council swore in a new mayor and council members at their meeting Monday night.
P.J. Connelly was sworn in as mayor.
Connelly said, “People have been asking me for the last couple of weeks if it has hit me yet, and I think right now it kind of did when I had my first order of business with the Mayor Pro Temp. I think that was kind of the moment where I said ok ‘I guess I'm kind of in charge here.”
Mayor Connelly was sworn into the seat with his wife and two daughters by his side.
“It's neat to see them here,” Connelly said. “I think they like to see what Daddy does and in City Hall, they always here I'm going to my meetings and it's neat to have them here to see what we're actually doing.”
Connelly came out of the gate with an opening address to the city where he highlighted his push to bring businesses back.
“If we want to be able to retain some of the top talents we gain from Pitt Community College and ECU on an annual basis we have to have jobs readily available for them so they'll stay in our community and raise families here,” Connelly said.
The election brings newcomers Will Bell of district three, William Litchfield of district five, and Brian Meyerhoeffer to the At-Large seat.
Meyerhoeffer said, “Certainly there are many things I need to learn but I am ready to hit the ground running. I think we have a very, very good opportunity to continue to move Greenville forward and I think the best is yet to come across all five districts.”
Former Mayor Kandie Smith has been re-seated to district one, with Rick Smiley back in district four.
Rose Glover was unanimously selected to serve in the Mayor Pro Temp position.
Now, a new team moves forward to carry out a vision for the city.
“I think the citizens of Greenville did a nice job selecting the council members and I'm looking forward to working with them. I think they all are going to bring different assets to the table and we are going to be able to capitalize on them.”
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
MIAMI (CBSMiami) — If you are planning to fly out of Miami International Airport anytime soon, don't use the SunPass parking entrances.
Airport officials say the SunPass entrance lanes at MIA shutdown Wednesday morning in preparation for a system-wide service maintenance period by SunPass from Tuesday, June 5, to Monday, June 11.
SunPass is expected to be resumed normal operations system-wide on June 11 at 9 a.m.
Passengers who entered MIA's parking garages with SunPass before May 30 and exit before June 5 will be allowed to do so, but those who entered via SunPass before May 30 and exit from June 5 to June 11 will have to use alternate payment methods.
Click here for more information on the service maintenance and how it affects all SunPass users.
A fourth Municipal Enforcement patrol vehicle will soon be ready to serve the city.
After being approved in the city's 2017 budget, the additional vehicle will increase the efficiency and response time of the officers.
"We have currently three marked vehicles," explains Brad ward, director of Protective Services. "With the staffing that we do have, that means officers are either having to double up in a car which reduces their availability or ability to respond to calls for service that only require one officer it delays their response in some regards."
Vehicle repairs and servicing also hamper officer response and limit patrol time in the community.
With officers spending a good amount of their day in the community, a vehicle is integral to their ability to do their job.
The special vehicles are equipped with stronger parts due to the unique driving and demands the officers place on the vehicles, from extended idling periods to sudden quick accelleration when pursuing another motorist.
"It really is their office and with the amount of gear that a Municipal Enforcement officer carries, they do need to have a vehicle that is suitable for their day-to-day operations," Ward added.
The patrol vehicle is expected to hit the streets of Fort Saskatchewan sometime in the next month.
Ariel Sharon allegedly ordered Yasser Arafat's assassination As Israeli defense minister, Ariel Sharon ordered the shoot-down of any aircraft confirmed to have been carrying Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, a new book claims. In the book, “Rise and...
Israelis pay their respects to former PM Ariel Sharon JERUSALEM — Israelis from all walks of life flocked to parliament Sunday to catch a glimpse of Ariel Sharon's coffin and pay their final respects to the iconic former prime...
Ariel Sharon, fierce fighter for his people Ariel Sharon rarely worried about all the controversy. The left called him a murderer for his military exploits. The right called him a traitor for pulling out of Gaza. Yet...
Ariel Sharon leaves behind powerful legacy Had Ariel Sharon died in 2006, when he suffered the massive stroke that left him comatose and ended his five-year term as Israel's prime minister, there would have been a...
Video
A former paratrooper who lost both legs when he was blown up in Afghanistan has walked into a ceremony honouring him.
Lance Bombardier Ben Parkinson, from Doncaster, was severely injured in a landmine blast in 2006.
He was awarded the Freedom of the Borough of Doncaster for "his bravery, fighting spirit, total selflessness, determination and his ability to inspire," the council said.
Kian Hagerman
Mesa Legend
Mesa Community College has begun offering a class as one of only six community colleges, in partnership with Apple Inc. that is designed to instruct students to develop iOS applications. “The CIS150AB course is an object-oriented programming fundamentals course that covers such programming topics as programming development and design, variables, constants, functions, condition statements, loops, arrays, and objected-oriented programming concepts,” said professor Angeline Surber, who is instructing the class during the Fall 2017 semester.
This course was offered previously, though the use of Swift/xCode is unique to the new permutation of CIS150AB, and requires that a student has received a C or better grade in CIS105, or the permission of an instructor to enroll. Upon completion of the class, students will have a beginner's knowledge of concepts and designs, though those that working in the iOS group will have the benefit of also being exposed to the creation of simple apps according to Surber. There are also two additional iOS App development courses in the planning stages, which will give future students the skills needed to create more complex and feature-rich apps.
The iOS classroom was designed to be a more collaborative and team programming environment, said Business and Information Systems Chair Linda Collins. “Apple has provided the curriculum for these classes and the programming that is being used has been developed by Apple to program apps for iPhones and iPad,” Collins said. Surber said that Apple had also provided eBooks and an iPad playground for students to work in, and much of the course's materials as well, which are being incorporated into the curriculum. “The classroom is comprised of Mac computers, iPads, Apple TV and other technology resources,” Collins said.
Because Apple provided the curriculum, there are no expenses for students who enroll for textbooks or other resource tools to attend the class, according to Collins. “In many ways, our plans are to simulate a real-life work environment,” Collins said. Both versions of the class cover the same competencies that are required for students to learn, the key difference are the computer languages used. “In the regularly taught version of the course, we use the Java language to teach the fundamentals of programming,” Surber said. Java does not depend on any particular OS, while the Swift language and App playground used to teach programming is integrated into an iOS environment.
“There is another course that addresses similar competencies; however, this course is aligned directly for programming apps for iPhones and iPads,” Collins said. The two languages address different knowledge and needs, according to Collins. The plans for additional courses in iOS app development will build upon what is learned in the CIS150AB class. “The first course is the introduction level, where no programming experience is neceesary and where we teach beginning programming concepts and app development,” Surber said. “The second level course, the CIS165 includes using the iOS Frameworks and the Swift programming language to create apps, using the iOS Simulator that is included in Xcode.” Students will also be made aware of the opportunity to join the iOS developer program, which would launch and distribute their apps if they wish.
Surber said that the third class would, once approved by the curriculum, cover the creation and building of more complex apps, and that students would work with animations, the web and prototype planned app designs. “We plan to eventually add the new iOS introduction class with a different CIS150xx prefix to note that this will be the iOS fundamental programming course offering Swift,” Surber said. Next semester the CIS165 class will be offered, though Surber said that the third level course CIS265 is still to be approved. “There is a need for iOS app programmers for business and industry and we were informed by Apple that there are more needs for qualified app developers than there are available programmers,” Collins said. There is also a need for programmers of other languages as well however, Collins said.
For this reason, the Java version of the class will continue to be offered alongside what will become one of a series of courses focused on iOS app development. “By the end of the three-course sequence, students will be able to code apps for iPhone and iPad use,” Collins said. “The complexity of the apps they will be able to develop will depend on the individual student.”
Already a few weeks into the course, Collins was enthusiastic about the initial reaction from students. “The collaboration between students has been amazing and the excitement and energy capture the entire class,” Collins said. There are also plans for an Everyone Can Code summer camp for the upcoming summer semester, as well as plans to work with Mesa Public Schools on dual or concurrent enrollment possibilities for iOS app development where students could earn college credit.
Best Snowy Destinations For A Cozy Cottage GetawayFrom the moderately priced to over the top, here are five of the best snowy destinations to stay this year for a cozy cottage getaway
MSP Airport Flight Operations Return To Normal Operations are back to normal at Minneapolis-St. Paul International Airport after gusty winds on Monday disrupted flight schedules.
Saving Space: How To Pack Your Bulky Winter ClothingFive suggestions on how to avoid baggage fees by packing all of your winter clothing in a single carry on and personal item
5 Best U.S. Cities To Ring In 2017Five of the best American cities to celebrate when the clock strikes twelve.
Brewing Trade Row Between Nigeria And China -By Adetayo Adegbemle
Africa is going through another phase of self-imposed slavery and colonization. This is especially in the face of the aggressive buy over of the African continent by the Chinese. Yes, the Chinese.
It's on report that all the major mining business going on right now in Zambia, a country rich in Copper, is being done by the Chinese.
Africa's indebtedness to the Chinese has also become a source of worry to every right-thinking individual, including the major power blocks in the world. A cursory Google of “Africa's Debt to China” will tell you more of the story.
Closer home, as at December 2017, the official figures for Nigeria-China Bilateral trade stood at over $2.7bn, with the debt profile standing at over $5bn (five billion US Dollars).
This is clear case of trade imbalance, not solely brought on because of Nigeria's inability to export alone, but also because of economic sabotage, unfair business terms between Chinese Manufacturers, and underhand dealings by Chinese businessmen.
A case that readily came to mind is that of the CIG Motors, importers of the Chinese brand of vehicles, GAC.
The demand for GAC vehicles has been on the increase in Nigeria, due to their rugged nature and functionality. Lot of Nigerians now see the GAC brand as a viable alternative to Japanese, American and European giants.
But there is a snag. According to an ongoing investigation and reports (https://aledeh.com/opinion-diana-chen-and-her-monopoly-of-gac-motors-by-fejiro-oliver/), a Chinese company in Nigeria, CIG Motors, led by one Ms. Diana Chen, has been making trade between Nigerians and the Chinese manufacturers of the vehicle brand impossible.
A Nigerian delegate visited the Management of the GAC in China sometime last year, and came back with the promise that there will be an increased trade with their Nigerian partners, only for Ms. Chen to scuttle everything.
Her primary claim is that she has the sole license to market and sell the GAC brand in Nigeria. WHAT? Who does that? Does BMW or Mercedez Benz, or Toyota, even Honda, gave license to a sole Distributor in a market like Nigeria? Where is that done?
Beyond the simple fact that the claim of sole distributorship, no Monopoly, in Nigeria is ridiculous, can any Nigerian behave in such brazen manner in China?
This is in stark contrast with the bilateral trade agreement signed by both governments of China and Nigeria. It should be noted that in spite of Nigeria's trade with China increasing exponentially from a paltry $880m in 1998 to a staggering $3bn as at 2006, the trade between the two nations has remained disproportionately in favour of the Chinese.
As noted by Efem N. Ubi, (PhD), a Research Fellow at the Nigerian Institute of International Affairs, Lagos, solving the Nigeria's trade deficit should go have to beyond rhetoric and diplomatic meeting, with much of the solution having to come from the Nigerian end.
In the four key factors he mentioned, one of them is that the Chinese government has to declare its readiness to encourage Chinese companies to outsource and offshore to Nigeria.
What this simply implies is that we cannot be claiming to be involved in Nigeria-Chinese trade when Nigerian business communities has been handicapped from the start to trade on common platform, as seen in the case of the GAC Motors/CIG edging out Nigerian businessmen in the Motor manufacturing industry trade.
There are other economic implications for Nigeria as well. It is understood that due to the monopoly that Ms. Diana Chen and her CIG Motors enjoys, she has been fixing prices of vehicles arbitrarily, making a model that should not cost more than N7m to be going as high as N20m. It was also reported that Ms. Chen owns over 90% of CIG Motors, how then is her business beneficial to Nigeria and Nigerians?
This issue is beyond Ms. Chen cornering the GAC market from China, it is about economic diplomacy between China and Nigeria. It is about fair trade partnership. It is about economic espionage and sabotage.
Both the Nigerian government and the Chinese government needs to DO SOMETHING before it snowballs into full economic row between the two nations.
Adetayo Adegbemle is a public opinion commentator/analyst, researcher, and the convener of PowerUpNigeria, an Electric Power Consumer Right Advocacy Group, based in Lagos. (Twitter: @gbemle, @PowerUpNg)
Comments
comments
TOKYO (AP) — U.S. Vice President Mike Pence assured Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe on Tuesday that the United States stands “100 percent” behind its anchor ally in Asia in working to defuse risks from North Korea's nuclear program.
Pence struck a stern tone as he began talks with Abe and other Japanese leaders after arriving at a U.S. naval base from South Korea.
“We appreciate the challenging times in which the people of Japan live with increasing provocations from across the Sea of Japan,” Pence said. “We are with you 100 percent.”
The Trump administration has signaled a more forceful U.S. stance toward North Korea's recent missile tests and threats, including a warning from Trump that North Korean leader Kim Jong-un has “gotta behave.”
On Monday, Pence traveled to the tense Demilitarized Zone dividing North and South Korea, where he warned North Korea's leaders that after years of testing the U.S. and South Korea with its nuclear ambitions, “the era of strategic patience is over.”
A senior North Korean official then accused the United States of bringing the countries to the brink of thermonuclear war.
At the outset of his meeting with Abe, Pence said that “While all options are on the table,” Trump was determined to work with Japan, South Korea and other allies in the region to resolve the problem.
Pence, on a 10-day Asia trip that will also take him to Indonesia and Australia, said Trump hopes China will use its leverage to get its longtime ally North Korea to abandon its nuclear weapons program. But the vice president expressed impatience with the unwillingness of the North to move toward ridding itself of nuclear weapons and ballistic missiles.
In Beijing, Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi made a new appeal Tuesday for calm on the Korean Peninsula.
Wang told reporters that although U.S. officials have made clear that a military strike remains on the table, he believes that Washington would still prefer to de-escalate tensions through multi-sided talks.
Abe said Japan likewise hopes for peaceful dialogue with Pyongyang, “but at the same time, dialogue for the sake of dialogue is valueless.” Pressure on North Korea is crucial, the prime minister said.
After meeting with Abe, Pence held talks with Japanese Deputy Prime Minister Taro Aso on a new U.S.-Japan “economic dialogue” to be led by the two.
The new forum for trade talks was launched by Trump and Abe during the Japanese leader's visit to the U.S. in February. In part, it is meant to take the place of the Trans-Pacific Partnership, the regional trade pact that Trump withdrew from shortly after taking office.
While Japan's trade surplus with the U.S. is much smaller than China's, Trump has decried the imbalance, especially in auto exports.
Pence's advisers told reporters that he hopes to win better U.S. access to Japanese markets and to attract more Japanese investment in the U.S.
Both sides said they do not expect the talks in Tokyo this week to delve into sector-by-sector talks on trade. With no U.S. trade representative yet in office and other key negotiator positions still unfilled, such nitty-gritty discussions will have to come later.
But the meetings could indicate how forcefully the U.S. will pressure Japan to further open its farm and automotive sectors.
The loss of U.S. participation in the Trans-Pacific Partnership was a blow to Japan following strenuous negotiations, especially over opening its long-protected farm sector to more imports, especially of dairy and meat products.
Japanese Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga told reporters over the weekend that Japan might push ahead with a revised, 11-nation version of the TPP despite the U.S. rejection of the trade accord.
For now, both sides seem eager to downplay potential for conflict.
“My understanding is that our talks are premised not on friction but on cooperation,” Aso told reporters before Pence's arrival.
As Indiana governor, Pence saw firsthand the impact of Japanese automakers Toyota, Honda and Subaru, whose factories employ thousands of people in his home state.
U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross, who met with Japan's trade minister, Hiroshige Seko, earlier Tuesday, said he hopes to soon begin talks on a free trade agreement with Japan.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Google
Email
Print
More
Pinterest
Like this: Like Loading...
A recent study has predicted by 2020 40 percent of American workers will be employed by the Gig Economy, working as independent contractors rather than employees. They'll get none of the old school benefits and security previous generations enjoyed.
While there are no gold watches at the end of the road for these Americans, the flexibility and independence offered in industries like manufacturing by this new small business project-to-project model attracts them nevertheless.
Firms like MS Companies have added an IT element to the mix with a mobile app that augments their cloud-based staffing solution. They leverage the Gig Economy by providing a pre-screened, pre-trained workforce.
Chris Reffett is executive VP of sales. He offered his thoughts on 10 ways the Gig Economy can help small manufacturing businesses cover the 2 million U.S. manufacturing jobs expected to go unfilled by 2025.
How Can the Gig Economy Help Manufacturing Businesses?
Millennials Like It
Part-time freelance work which is the focus of the Gig Economy is just what Millennials are looking for.
“Millennials enjoy being paid by the project and not necessarily working for the same company for a long period of time,” Reffett says.
This gives small manufacturers a big swath to choose from. In fact, the Pew Research Center reported this generation became the biggest slice in the American workforce pie in 2015.
Automation Likes It
As more and more manufacturing in the United States gives way to automation, specialized people are needed on contracts that keep the machines running. These new manufacturing skill sets fit in well with the notion of the Gig Economy.
“That skill set of people that are able to program and troubleshoot the automation are needed although that's not necessarily full time,” Reffett says.
These contracts are often for the duration of a setup period.
The Gig Economy Fills Flexible Demands
Small businesses can adjust their workforce according to demand with the Gig Economy. As opposed to hiring temporary workers who come in untrained, firms like MS Companies offer a mobile connectivity that offers overviews and ongoing training for each client.
The result is a flexible workforce that's familiar with a variety of different tasks.
Gig Workers are Connected
This small business model for manufacturing also has the advantage of having an engaged and connected workforce. Through laptops, smart phones and social media, workers can get the information they need about any given manufacturer. This in turn helps them to find the kind of work they want in life which leads to better productivity.
Startups Draw from a Wider Base
Small manufacturing startups might not get the kind of personal employee connection in the Gig Economy they would in older more traditional models. However, they can draw from a wider base of specialized people. For example, if a small manufacturing business gets a rush order they need to fill quickly, the Gig Economy can supply them with the machinist who already has experience.
More People Get to Work
Just by virtue of the fact the Gig Economy has such a wide reach through technology, more people will have a chance to work. Apps have been a real boon to help small manufacturers who are looking to spread the net wide.
Reffett explains how MS Companies has jumped on board.
“We've found a lot of success through our employee engagement app where each employee has a dashboard that tells them how much more training they'll need to get to a certain level or pay rate,” he says.
The Gig Economy Breeds a Positive Outlook
Everyone who works for a living has a set of goals they'd like to achieve. The Gig Economy allows today's workforce more control over which ones they set and how they accomplish them. Through apps and what industry insiders call gamification, scoring and even competition are used to breed enthusiasm.
The Gig Economy Can Help Your Small Business Clear a Backlog
Today's economic landscape has been called by turns volatile and disruptive since 2008. Quite often that means feast or famine for small manufacturing companies. Being able to call on workers during a spike in orders who already understand what's needed is invaluable.
It Provides a Test Run Both Ways
“Employees can pick and choose the kind of opportunities they want to work for,” Reffett says. “The Gig Economy allows the employer to test run some people too. It allows both sides to get a little feel before there's any full time commitment.”
The Gig Economy Provides a Change of Pace
Variety is the spice of life and that's just what the Gig Economy provides. In a small business manufacturing model, each company and market is different with various peak seasons appealing to a wide variety of people looking for work.
“There are lots of people who really like the new projects and environment,” Reffett says.
If there is one area for concern in this new Gig Economy it has to do with the classification of these workers. The United States Department of Labor is concerned about what it calls the misclassification of employees as independent contractors and how some of these workers might not get the protections they are entitled to. And this is something for small businesses to consider too when immersing themselves in the gig economy ethic
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
By ERIC VICCARO
sports@bowienewsonline.com
The Forestburg High School football team will have an interesting quirk in its 2017 schedule.
See, the Longhorns play a rare football home-and-home with Wichita Falls Notre Dame as part of this year's slate.
Notre Dame visits Forestburg for the season-opener on Sept. 1, and the teams play each other again in Wichita Falls on Sept. 29.
“It's different to play the same team twice during the regular season,” said first-year head coach Thomas Tritz. “But, I think it's going to be a benefit for us.”
The reason why Forestburg will play Notre Dame twice is that Fort Worth Nazarene, of Crowley, dropped the Longhorns from their schedule.
Forestburg has three straight games at home to open the schedule, with Strawn on Sept. 8 and Weatherford Christian Sept. 15. Read more in the June 14 Bowie News.
FOOTBALL
Championship Trails
August
Scrimmages
Aug. 18, at Fort Worth Covenant Classical, 6 p.m.; 25, Tioga, 7 p.m.
September
Regular Season
1, Wichita Falls Notre Dame; 8, Strawn; 15, Weatherford Christian; 22, at Gordon; 29, at Wichita Falls Notre Dame
October
6, at Savoy; 13, at Newcastle (*); 20, Saint Jo (^); 27, Idle
November
3, at Bryson; 10, Gold-Burg
Editor's Note: All regular-season games will feature a 7:30 p.m. kickoff.
* District 12-1A-I opener
^ Homecoming game.
New Forestburg head football coach and athletic director Thomas Tritz, who was most recently at Wellman-Union. (News photo by Eric Viccaro)
PITTSBURGH — Chicago Cubs right-hander Yu Darvish has inflammation in his right triceps but no structural damage, and could start a throwing program as soon as the weekend.
Darvish, signed to a $126 million, six-year contract in February as a free agent, underwent an MRI on Tuesday in Chicago. The Cubs announced the results before playing the Pittsburgh Pirates on Wednesday night.
The Cubs also placed right-handed reliever Carl Edwards Jr. on the 10-day disabled list with right shoulder inflammation, and recalled right-hander Cory Mazzoni from Triple-A Iowa. Edwards felt discomfort in his shoulder Tuesday night after pitching one scoreless inning in an 8-6 victory over the Pirates.
Darvish got his first win with the Cubs in his previous start at Cincinnati on May 20, holding the Reds to one run and two hits in six innings. In eight starts, he is 1-3 with a 4.95 ERA.
Last year, Jennifer Aniston wrote a piece focused on media coverage of her and calling her pregnant. Now she has spoken with Vogue saying that she doesn't think things have gotten much better.
“I think the problem is the tabloids and the gossip columns taking the human body and putting it in a category,” she said. “They're either fat-shaming, or body-shaming, or childless-shaming. It's a weird obsession that people have and I don't understand exactly why they need to take people who are out there to entertain you, and rip them apart and bully them? Why are we teaching young women this? It's incredibly damaging.”
Jennifer had decided she had enough when she wrote the piece last year.
“I was finally like, ‘This has just got to stop!'” she said. “I couldn't hear this narrative any more about being pregnant or not pregnant; you have no idea what is going on personally in our lives and why that is or is not happening and it feels … In my own brain, I've shifted my perspective, so who gives a sh**!”
“You have to tune out the noise, which is fine by me, because I just know that I'm happy and healthy and doing everything I can to be good in the world and to the people I work with,” she added. “But it's hard.”
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
MIAMI (CBSMiami) – The atmosphere inside Hard Rock Stadium is expected to be excellent as South Florida is in the midst of a cold front.
Unfortunately for Miami Dolphins fans, outside of the cool temperatures and throwback uniforms there isn't a lot to get excited about ahead of Monday's game with the powerhouse New England Patriots.
The Dolphins (5-7) are still mathematically alive in the AFC playoff race but in order to remain there they'll have to become the first team to defeat New England since October 1st, a stretch of eight games.
The Patriots' eight-game win streak was the longest in the NFL before Pittsburgh tied it with a win over Baltimore on Sunday night.
The Steelers now hold the AFC's top record at 11-2, one New England can match with a win over the Dolphins.
The Patriots come in as 11-point favorites despite being without Pro Bowl tight end Rob Gronkowski, who was suspended one game for an intentional late hit to the head of Buffalo cornerback Tre'Davious White last weekend.
Gronkowski apologized for the hit, saying that his frustration was due to missed calls from the referees and he took it out on White.
Even without Gronkowski, the Patriots offense will provide an extremely tough test for Miami.
Last week against Denver, the Dolphins defense came up with a touchdown and a safety while holding the Broncos to just 1-of-13 on third down.
Cameron Wake leads Miami with eight sacks this season, but the 35-year-old has just two over his past six games.
GAME NOTES
Jayaram and Kunchacko Boban will once again be seen sharing the screen space in the upcoming film Panchavarnathatha. This upcoming film is one of the highly anticipated movies of the year and it also marks the debut of popular comedian Ramesh Pisharody as a director.
Earlier, it was revealed that Jayaram will be seen essaying a different character in this upcoming film. The actor had tonsured his head for the character that he is playing in this upcoming film.
Now, some of the stills of this upcoming film has been revealed. Actor Jayaram himself took to Facebook to share some of the latest stills from the movie.
Jayaram could be seen in an all-new look with a tonsured head and clean shaven look. If reports are to be believed, Jayaram's character won't have any particular name in Panchavarnathatha. On the other hand, Kunchacko Boban is also back to one of his most popular looks. In most of his recent movies, he was spotted with a trimmed beard but in Panchavarnathatha, the actor won't be seen in a bearded look.
Nothing much has been revealed about the storyline of Panchavarnathatha. Popular actress Anusree will be seen playing the role of the leading lady in Panchavarnathatha. Mallika Sukumaran will also essay a crucial role in the movie. Shooting of the film is currently progressing. The film is being produced by actor Maniyanpillai Raju.
Meanwhile, Panchavarnathatha is expected to be Jayaram's next major release in Malayalam. The actor's first release of the year was Daivame Kaithozham K Kumarakanam, which had hit the theatres on January 12, 2018. The film, directed by Salim Kumar had hit the theatres amidst high expectations, but it couldn't make much of an impact at the box office. On the other hand, Kunchacko Boban's next major release is expected to be Kuttanadan Marpapa, directed by debut film-maker Sreejith Vijayan.
For all the buzzing scoop from the world of entertainment,
By Josh Brown
jbrown@aimmediamidwest.com
TROY — In its 20th game of the season, the Troy girls basketball team finally put together a complete game.
And according to coach Aaron Johnson, it came at the perfect time.
Sophomore Tia Bass had a double-double and senior Alaura Holycross was in double figures as Troy's post tandem dominated the interior Saturday against Greater Western Ohio Conference American North Division rival Butler, and the rest of the Trojans made clutch plays when they mattered most to help the team hold on for a 45-37 Senior Night victory at the Trojan Activities Center — the Trojans' first win over Butler since the 2013-14 season.
With the win, Troy improved to 11-9 on the season and 8-5 in the GWOC American North, snapping an eight-game losing streak to the Aviators that included a 48-26 loss at Butler back on Dec. 13, 2017 this season. The last time Troy defeated Butler was Jan. 4, 2017, before the careers of the team's four seniors Holycross, Jordan Short, Valena Robinson and Dana Wynkoop began.
“You know what? I would've waited 20 games for this to happen on Senior Night,” Johnson said. “All four of those young ladies are just quality people. For Alaura and Jordan, both four-year varsity players, for their last game here in this activities center to be a win against a team where most people counted us out, a win against a quality team, for those two to play the way they did, I don't know that I could've written that script any better. And for Dana and Valena, they contributed, made, plays and did key things to allow us to win this game.
“I'm so happy for them, and I'm so happy for the young ladies that played for them. The girls said ‘let's play for them, let's play for these four young ladies that have led us and have put their hearts and souls into this program,' and it was great to see them do that.”
Butler, meanwhile, fell to 13-7 and 10-3 in GWOC American North play, finishing second in the division as, coupled with a Tippecanoe win over Greenville Saturday, the Red Devils clinched the outright title.
The win was also Troy's third straight and fifth in its last six games, with the sectional tournament draw coming on Sunday. And a big key to flipping the result from the first meeting this season was preventing Butler — which was 8 for 19 (42 percent) from 3-point range the first time around — from having the same success shooting Saturday.
“Defensively, the biggest difference between this and the first time we played Butler was that we identified shots,” Johnson said. “And to be honest with you, they shot 40 percent from the 3-point line the first time, and nothing against them, but their capes fell off and they became human a little today.”
The Trojans never trailed in Saturday's game, either, with Butler only tying the score once at 2-2 midway through the first quarter. But a Holycross putback gave Troy the lead for good, and the Trojans led 5-4 after one and then 15-10 at halftime on the strength of a combined 12 points from Bass and Holycross.
And while Butler did hit four 3s in the game, cutting Troy's lead to as little as two at 18-16 early in the third quarter after a Willow Knight 3, the Trojans always had an answer — and that answer, most of the time, was Bass or Holycross.
“One of the things we've said since the beginning of the year — our strength is our post play,” Johnson said. “I think it was great to see that come alive. And Butler is a very good team, but we were able to get some offensive rebounds and some looks inside — and it was great to see Alaura and Tia look for each other, as well as kick it out and find some shooters. To me, that was our complete game.”
Butler drew to within five at 27-22 after three and trailed 29-24 early in the fourth, but Kiyha Adkins blew by the defense for a layup to make it a seven-point game then picked Knight's pocket and took it in for a layup to give the Trojans their biggest lead of the game to that point at 33-24. The Aviators cut the lead to seven twice, but each time the Trojans answered until a Bass putback on a missed free throw gave Troy a 39-30 lead, then MaKenna Taylor found Bass for a fast break layup to make it 41-30 Troy with less than 1:30 to play.
From there, a 3 by Caitlin Plummer got Butler back to within seven at 44-37 in the final 30 seconds, but Trojans closed the game out and pulled their seniors to a standing ovation with 6.8 seconds remaining.
Bass led all scorers with 18 points and 10 rebounds, while Holycross had 11 points and six rebounds as Troy outrebounded Butler 30-19 in the game. Adkins scored seven points, Short added six points and Taylor scored three points, with every player that saw action having at least one assist in the game.
Tyree Fletcher led Butler with 11 points and four rebounds, Abbie Schoenherr had eight points, Knight — who led Butler with 17 points in the first meeting — was held to five points and four rebounds, Gracie Price and Megan Allen each had four points, Plummer scored three and Jacie Dalton had two.
“In all honesty, the biggest thing about tonight was playing four quarters of solid basketball,” Johnson said. “We've been close in a variety of aspects. We didn't shoot great tonight, but we executed really well. It was important for the girls to see that if we execute, if we stay on course and play for each other for four quarters, good things can happen.
“It took until game 20, but at least it came.”
And for the team's four seniors, it couldn't have come at a better time, either.
Contact Josh Brown at (937) 552-2132, or follow @TroyDailySports on Twitter.
Photo courtesy Lee Woolery/Speedshot Photo Troy's Alaura Holycross goes up for two points Saturday against Butler at the Trojan Activities Center. http://www.tdn-net.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/21/2018/02/web1_020318lw_troy_holycross.jpg Photo courtesy Lee Woolery/Speedshot Photo Troy's Alaura Holycross goes up for two points Saturday against Butler at the Trojan Activities Center. Photo courtesy Lee Woolery/Speedshot Photo Troy's Tia Bass scores in the paint Saturday against Butler. http://www.tdn-net.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/21/2018/02/web1_020318lw_troy_bass.jpg Photo courtesy Lee Woolery/Speedshot Photo Troy's Tia Bass scores in the paint Saturday against Butler. Photo courtesy Lee Woolery/Speedshot Photo Troy's Jordan Short hits a 3 Saturday against Butler. http://www.tdn-net.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/21/2018/02/web1_020318lw_troy_short.jpg Photo courtesy Lee Woolery/Speedshot Photo Troy's Jordan Short hits a 3 Saturday against Butler. Photo courtesy Lee Woolery/Speedshot Photo Troy's Valena Robinson passes around a Butler defender Saturday. http://www.tdn-net.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/21/2018/02/web1_020318lw_troy_robinson.jpg Photo courtesy Lee Woolery/Speedshot Photo Troy's Valena Robinson passes around a Butler defender Saturday. Photo courtesy Lee Woolery/Speedshot Photo Troy's Dana Wynkoop controls the basketball Saturday against Butler. http://www.tdn-net.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/21/2018/02/web1_020318lw_troy_wynkoop.jpg Photo courtesy Lee Woolery/Speedshot Photo Troy's Dana Wynkoop controls the basketball Saturday against Butler. Photo courtesy Lee Woolery/Speedshot Photo Troy's Kiyha Adkins drives in for a layup Saturday against Butler. http://www.tdn-net.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/21/2018/02/web1_020318lw_troy_adkins.jpg Photo courtesy Lee Woolery/Speedshot Photo Troy's Kiyha Adkins drives in for a layup Saturday against Butler. Photo courtesy Lee Woolery/Speedshot Photo Troy's MaKenna Taylor looks to pass Saturday against Butler. http://www.tdn-net.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/21/2018/02/web1_020318lw_troy_taylor.jpg Photo courtesy Lee Woolery/Speedshot Photo Troy's MaKenna Taylor looks to pass Saturday against Butler. Photo courtesy Lee Woolery/Speedshot Photo Troy's Alaura Holycross drives past a Butler defender Saturday. http://www.tdn-net.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/21/2018/02/web1_020318lw_troy_holycross1.jpg Photo courtesy Lee Woolery/Speedshot Photo Troy's Alaura Holycross drives past a Butler defender Saturday.
NEW YORK (AP) — Quite a rally for Rumor — a commanding comeback for German shepherds, too.
Rumor was crowned America's top dog Tuesday night when, a year after a near miss, she came out of retirement to win best in show at the Westminster Kennel Club.
Cheered loudly all around the ring by a packed crowd at Madison Square Garden, and clearly the crowd favorite, she's just the second German shepherd to win the event that began in 1877.
“Unbelievable,” handler and co-owner Kent Boyles said.
In a year that's seen lots of late, startling twists in sports — think Patriots, Cubs and Cavaliers — Rumor pulled a shocker. She'd been at home in Wisconsin for months, a house pet headed toward having puppies, when she suddenly jumped back into the show ring in January.
Boyles is a fan of the Green Bay Packers and star quarterback Aaron Rodgers. Seeing a pet go from the couch to this top prize, heck, that's a dog world Hail Mary.
Rumor beat out a Norwegian elkhound, a Pekingese, a miniature poodle, an Irish setter, a boxer and a Norwich terrier in the final ring. The Irish setter called Adrian finished second.
“The German shepherd standard talks about quality and nobility,” judge Thomas Bradley III said. “When you recognize it, it hits you at home, and that's what it really is. She is just magnificent.”
The 5-year-old Rumor is named for the Adele hit song “Rumor Has It.” This was the 104th career win for Rumor, and earlier in the day, Boyles said that this would definitely, for real, be her last major show.
“She's going to be relaxing for a while,” Boyles said after the win, but ultimately, there are “puppies in her future.”
Rumor joined the fittingly named Manhattan in 1987 as the only German shepherds to go best in show at the Garden.
There were nearly 2,800 dogs entered in the 141st Westminster canine competition, spread across the 202 eligible breeds and varieties.
Others may say you are being too optimistic, and maybe you are, but it's a sorry old world if you can't treat yourself to a few harmless dreams once in a while. An upbeat attitude is essential over the next few days. Anything can happen!
Despite the arrival of a flurry of movies during the Pooja season, Parava, which had hit the theatres on September 21, 2017 continues its impressive show at the Kerala box office.
Parava, directed by Soubin Shahir did win rave reviews upon its release and the film has been whole-heartedly accepted by the Malayalam film audiences. The movie has completed 2 weeks of its run in the theatres and has already emerged as a blockbuster.
The film had a spectacular start and is rock steady at the box office, even now. According to the latest reports that have come in, Parava has fetched 17.87 Crores from its 14 days of run at the Kerala box office.
Going at this rate, Parava is expected to cross the 20-Crore mark soon. The film has been doing a decent business in centres outside Kerala, as well. Parava has been doing a fine business in both the single screens and the multiplexes.
According to areport by Forum Keralam, Parava has fetched 76.97 Lakhs from its 15 days of run at the Kochi multiplexes. This debut directorial venture of Soubin Shahir has been jointly produced by Anwar Rasheed and Shyju Unni.
RESIDENTS are being asked to stop putting their green waste and bulky goods on the footpath as council winds down their ramped up post-cyclone garbage collection.
The call comes from Whitsunday Regional Council CEO Barry Omundson who has appealed to residents not to abuse council's free kerb-side collections.
Mr Omundson said in the wake of Cyclone Debbie council crews have been conducting green waste collections to assist the clean-up however residents are now asked to stop placing green waste on road reserves.
"Council has commenced its second sweep, street by street, therefore anyone places further green waste on the road reserve runs the risk of it not being collected,” he said.
"Council also introduced a one off collection of bulky goods for removal of debris from residents' houses to allow safe access and make the house habitable.
"People are taking the opportunity to throw out unwanted items like old furniture and mattresses which was creating a delay in crews being able to collect genuine residents' bulky waste.
"I would appeal to people to not abuse our efforts by placing multiple waste piles on their footpaths after council has already conducted their pickup and also not to use this opportunity to have their annual household clean-up of unwanted items.”
Residents and businesses are also reminded that they have until close of business on Friday, April 21 to take advantage of the waiver of all waste fees and charges at the four Whitsunday waste sites.
All waste fees including disposal of items like asbestos were waived after Cyclone Debbie hit. Waste fees will again apply from Saturday, April 22 at all four sites.
Most domestic waste remains free to dispose of as usual. Up to two cubic metres can be disposed of free from domestic sources. Commercial and business waste fees can be viewed on council's website whitsundayrc.qld.gov.au.
Joe Burbank/Orlando Sentinel/MCT via Getty Images(NEW YORK) — What was meant to be a fun day at an amusement park turned into a years-long source of unsolved medical issues and emotional distress for one young boy in Florida, according to a new lawsuit.
A mother is suing Legoland over claims that her son suffered long-lasting rashes to his face after getting it painted during a visit to the park.
The suit alleges that the boy, who is a minor, started to “complain that his face was itching and burning” after the visit.
His mother “took him to the doctor because she noticed that his skin started to break out in a rash, scattered about his cheeks,” the suit states.
The doctor prescribed medication for treatment of the rash but it did not work, the suit states, as the rash reportedly “continued to spread” to include the boy's cheeks as well as around his mouth and nose.
“The rash continued to spread out of control, causing dark spots and discoloration,” according to the lawsuit.
The boy continued to return to the doctor “several” times and has received “23 months of various treatments and prescriptions,” including eczema cream, but his “skin condition continues to worsen, and the doctors became baffled as to why the rash and discoloration would not go away,” the suit states.
The doctor reportedly solicited a second opinion, and further examination led to the conclusion that the spread of the rash was too even and uniform for it to be eczema, which does not normally follow such patterns. The doctor said that it suggested that something had to have been placed on the boy's skin, and “at that moment” the mother remembered that her son had his face painted while visiting Legoland “right before he developed the rash,” the suit states.
“The paint used on his face at Legoland that has caused him great pain and suffering, as well as two years of humiliation by other child [sic] and deep emotional distress,” the suit states.
ABC News' requests for comment from the lawyer who filed the suit were not immediately returned.
The suit claims one count of negligence and one count of negligent infliction of emotional distress against Legoland and the associated entertainment groups.
Legoland representatives did not immediately respond to ABC News' request for comment, but they told NBC Orlando affiliate WESH-TV on Tuesday that they had not been contacted about the lawsuit.
“We take all matters relating to the well-being of our guests seriously. We have not been contacted regarding this legal matter and therefore cannot comment at this time,” Legoland officials told WESH-TV.
Copyright © 2018, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Alibaba Cloud increases the capacity of its Hong Kong Data Centre
The expansion aims to address the increasing demand for secure and scalable computing services in Asia Pacific.
Alibaba Cloud announced that it has expanded its data centre in Hong Kong by more than doubling the capacity.
This is to address the increasing demand for secure and scalable computing services in Asia Pacific, Alibaba Cloud said in a press statement on 13 February 2017.
As part of Alibaba Cloud's strategy to expand its global network coverage, the expanded Hong Kong data centre will meet enterprises' demand for high availability and disaster recovery. It will also offer greater access to diversified service offerings, such as data storage and analytics, enterprise-level middleware, and cloud security services.
"More companies have come to realise the importance of changing their traditional information technology (IT) mindset to embrace the new data technology," said Ethan Yu, Vice President of Alibaba Group and General Manager od Alibaba Cloud Global. "We are confident that the expanded data centre facility, together with our scalable and secure cloud offering, will better meet the needs of the digital transformation in key local sectors such as hospitality and financial services."
Hong Kong has become a popular destination in Asia Pacific for business expansion and investment, as a gateway to China's economy. The country also leads the region in terms of cloud adoption, as more and more businesses tap into cloud computing for benefits such as operational efficiency and innovation.
1
VANCOUVER, BRITISH COLUMBIA--(Marketwired - April 18, 2017) - International Cobalt Corp. (CSE:CO)(CSE:CO.CN)(FRANKFURT:42L) (the "Company" or "International Cobalt") is pleased to provide the following Corporate Update in relation to its Blackbird Creek Cobalt Project ("Blackbird Creek" or the "Project").
Dahrouge Geological Retained Ahead of Upcoming Exploration Program
The Company is pleased to announce that it has retained Dahrouge Geological Consulting Ltd. ("Dahrouge") to manage the upcoming exploration program at Blackbird Creek. Dahrouge is a mineral exploration, consulting, and project management group based out of Edmonton, Alberta, Canada, with considerable experience in numerous jurisdictions and over a wide array of commodities (including cobalt, lithium and other specialty metals/minerals). Dahrouge is credited with the discovery of several notable mineral deposits in specialty metals including Upper Fir (Ta-Nb), Ashram (REE) and J-Zone (U).
International Cobalt President, Timothy Johnson, stated: "We value the wealth of knowledge and experience that Dahrouge brings to the table and feel very fortunate to have them working alongside us as we develop the Blackbird Creek Cobalt Project. Working with a strong, established geological team with a proven track record of discovery is one of the hallmarks to success in the exploration business and we believe that we have one of the best in Dahrouge."
Among the significant historic results at Blackbird Creek, a Noranda exploration program in 1979 at the Ludwig Prospect (Conicu prospect), which consisted of sampling surface exposures as well as surface sampling of a historic short exploration adit, and an eight-hole exploration drilling campaign, yielded results include drill hole CA-79-2A with 7.9 m of 0.4% cobalt and chip sampling of the exploration adit with 7.0 m of 0.71% cobalt. This historic exploration led Mr. Gregory A. Hahn, P. Geo, of Noranda (1980) to conclude that two exploration models suggest the presence of a stratabound deposit within the Blackbird Breccia Stratigraphy.
This program along with others has never been properly followed-up in a coordinated manner and with modern exploration technologies and techniques. Given the known information at the Project, the Company believes an aggressive, multi staged exploration program can rapidly develop Blackbird Creek to an advanced stage of exploration. Further information on the upcoming exploration program(s) will be made in future announcements.
Further Acquisitions Under Review
The Company is actively reviewing several potential property acquisitions within the Idaho Cobalt Belt. The Company intends to aggressively add to its land tenures to ensure it holds a dominant position within the region. The district is host to numerous historic Co, Cu, Au showings and / or workings, which attest to the mineral potential of the area.
ABOUT THE BLACKBIRD CREEK COBALT PROJECT
The 1,720-acre Blackbird Creek Cobalt Project is located adjacent to and along strike from eCobalt Solution's advanced stage Idaho Cobalt Project (ICP) as well as the former producing Blackbird Co-Cu-Au Mine. Despite cobalt mineralization having been recognized at Blackbird Creek as early as the 1940's, the area only witnessed intermittent exploration in the late 1970's. International Cobalt will be the first company to bring modern exploration techniques to the Project. The Blackbird Creek Cobalt Project contains several historical cobalt showings including the Ludwig Prospect, where surface sampling of an exploration adit returned 0.71% cobalt over 7.0 meters and a historic drill hole returned 0.4% cobalt over 7.9 meters. In addition to the historic showing several un-tested geochemical anomalies require immediate follow-up.
The technical information in this news release has been reviewed by Neil McCalum,. P.Geol., Dahrouge Geological Consulting Ltd., a Qualified Person as defined by National Instrument 43-101.
ABOUT INTERNATIONAL COBALT CORP.
International Cobalt Corp. (CSE:CO) is a Canadian based mineral exploration and development business focusing on the burgeoning cobalt sector. The rapidly growing large battery industry, a major consumer of cobalt, makes cobalt an appealing sector of focus. The Company seeks to add shareholder value by sourcing and developing projects in safe, progressive jurisdictions adhering to strict environmental and social standards.
On behalf of:
INTERNATIONAL COBALT CORP.
Timothy Johnson, President
This release includes certain statements that may be deemed to be "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements in this release, other than statements of historical facts, that address future production, reserve potential, exploration and development activities and events or developments that the Company expects, are forward-looking statements. Although management believes the expectations expressed in such forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, such statements are not guarantees of future performance, and actual results or developments may differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in forward-looking statements include market prices, exploration and development successes, continued availability of capital and financing, and general economic, market or business conditions. Please see our public filings at www.sedar.com for further information.
She's still the top dog.
Reigning Nathan's Famous Hot Dog Eating Contest champion Miki Sudo picked up her fifth consecutive belt Wednesday, downing 37 franks and buns amid scorching temperatures and stifling humidity.
It wasn't her career-best 41 dogs — but the 32-year-old was still pleased as pie with another Fourth of July victory.
“I really wasn't looking to beat my personal best or even a record. A win is a win,” Sudo told reporters afterward. “Today everybody's numbers were a little bit lower, maybe because of the heat, I don't know what it was. When I saw that I had a considerable lead, at one point by eight hot dogs, I said, it's fine, I'm done.”
Michelle Lesco, from Tuscon, Arizona, came in second place, wolfing 28 hot dogs and buns, while Maryland mom of two Juliet Lee placed third with 25.
They and several other women battled the steamy weather for the perennial competition in Coney Island, where the mercury soared to 82 but the humidity made it feel like 95.
And it showed.
Halfway through the contest, Lesco dumped an entire bottle of water over her head while a red-faced Sudo gagged as she shoveled down the dogs two at a time, beads of sweat rolling down her face.
“It was definitely warm today,” Sudo said.
The Las Vegas champ picked up the pace at around the four-minute mark, when she clocked in 23 dogs compared to Lesco and Lee, who were then at 19 apiece.
Besides a fifth pink Nathan's championship belt, Sudo won a cool $10,000 for the gluttonous feat.
Last year, she chowed down a career-best 41 dogs.
Meanwhile, Joey “Jaws” Chestnut is vying for his 11th Nathan's title when he takes the stage early Wednesday afternoon. He devoured 72 hot dogs and buns last year to beat out Carmen “The Mutiny” Cincotti, who ate 68.
Lagos, a state in South Western Nigeria boasts of a population of over 20 million people. It is reputed to be Nigeria's fastest growing city and the commercial nerve of the country. The state is not with violence and terrible clashes in some parts of...
Mozambique is set to meet foreign creditors in London Tuesday in what will mark the start of formal debt-restructuring negotiations, more than a year after the southern African nation defaulted.
Investors, which include UBS Group AG and Credit Suisse Group, aren't sure what will be discussed. Mozambique first missed coupon payments on $727 million of securities due 2023 in January last year and has had almost no contact with the holders since then.
“We don't really have any set expectations,” said Phillip Blackwood, managing director at EM Quest Ltd., which advises Sydbank A/S on its emerging-market assets, including Mozambican bonds. He'll be among those attending the presentation by officials including Finance Minister Adriano Maleiane from 2 p.m. at the offices of law firm White & Case, which is advising Mozambique.
Lazard Freres SAS, the investment bank also advising the government, has only said that creditors will be updated on recent fiscal and macroeconomic developments and will also hear “the key elements of debt-restructuring proposals.”
Despite the default, the bonds have soared, with money managers betting that Mozambique's commencement of liquefied natural gas exports around 2023 will boost the finances of one of the world's poorest countries. The securities have made a price return -- which excludes coupon payments -- of almost 30 percent in the past year, the most among sovereign debt in emerging markets, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
The southeast African nation's $727 million in Eurobonds due 2023 fell for a third-day on Tuesday, trading 1.2 percent lower at 84.05 cents on the dollar.
The presentation comes after the International Monetary Fund's debt sustainability analysis this month, which painted a bleak picture of Mozambique's economy and finances, suggesting it may not be in a position to start paying investors again until LNG production begins. The state admitted to $1.4 billion of previously undisclosed loans in 2016, prompting the IMF to withdraw financing and foreign donors to stop direct budget support.
Here are some possible proposals, according Stuart Culverhouse, the chief economist at Exotix Capital, which has a sell recommendation on Mozambique's bonds:
The best case for bondholders, albeit an unlikely one, would be for the government to announce it's resuming coupon payments and will pay the missed ones upfront. Culverhouse calculates that the latter amounts to $136 million
Maleiane could say that the nation will pay the missed coupons over time. Depending on the schedule and other terms, that could drive the yields on the bonds down to below 10 percent from around 15 percent currently
Bondholders could be asked to take a haircut
The worst situation for investors would be if the government used the IMF's analysis to argue that it can't pay them anything for several years
“The country has a liquidity problem in the short-to-medium term, and debt is unsustainable, but everything changes in the middle of the next decade,” said Culverhouse
Bonds vs Loans
A key sticking point is whether the bonds will be treated like the loans of two state-owned companies, whose debt the government had failed to disclose. The bondholders insist the loans should be subordinated, if not written off, given that the legality of the state guarantees backing them has been questioned by the attorney-general.
The so-called Global​ ​Group​ ​of​ ​Mozambique​ ​Bondholders, which claims to have the backing of holders of more than 80 percent of the Eurobonds, said in a statement Monday it will insist on that.
“Accordingly, any resolution of the Eurobonds will need to reflect our position,” said Thomas Laryea, the group's legal adviser.
Toronto police are searching for a suspect after an early morning shooting left one person injured in the city's downtown.
Officers say up to six men got into a dispute shortly before 3 a.m. Tuesday, near the intersection of King Street West and Portland Street.
They allege one of the men drew a gun and fired nine shots during the dispute, hitting another man once in the hip.
Police say the victim was deemed to be in life-threatening condition by emergency responders at the scene of the shooting, but was upgraded to serious condition after being treated in hospital.
Officers say they have no description of the shooter, but they believe he is violent, armed and dangerous.
They are asking anyone who witnessed the shooting or has information about the suspect to contact them.
The victim is one of 11 people shot in Toronto since late last week — many of them in the city's busy downtown core.
Police say a driver near Shuter and George Streets took a shotgun out of her trunk and opened fire at a pedestrian Friday morning, injuring the 21-year-old woman and a 69-year-old man on a bike.
Two people from the city's rap scene were killed in a daylight shooting on Queen Street West on Saturday — Jahvante Smart, 21, also known as Smoke Dawg, and Ernest Modekwe, 28, both of Toronto. Police say a woman who was shot in the same incident is expected to recover.
Another four people were injured by gunshots late Sunday in Toronto's Kensington Market area.
Twelve Guyanese have distinguished themselves to receive the 2017 Golden rule international award. Royden James reports.
Related
Facebook's CTO Talks Fake News, Russia, and Getting Smarter
Under fire for Russian abuse of its service during the 2016 presidential election, the spread of fake news and more, Facebook has promised to right the ship this year.
CEO Mark Zuckerberg has stated his personal goal for 2018 is "fixing" problems like these at Facebook, rather than taking on something more personal like learning Mandarin or reading 25 books.
Facebook is also opening up, at least a little. The Associated Press recently spoke with Mike Schroepfer, Facebook's chief technology officer, about changes in the way Facebook handles fake news and foreign influence. Questions and answers have been edited for length and clarity.
Q: A big challenge is fake news. How do you detect it? Where are the battle lines and how are things going on a technological front?
A: The first thing you want to do is detect. That's when we work with partners like you and others to try and evaluate whether this is truthful or not. (The Associated Press helps fact-check stories that appear on Facebook.)
Once we figure out something is truly bad, obviously fake, usually those are by someone who's trying to do this for bad reasons. So we dramatically reduce the distribution or move it where people don't see it. If I'm trying to make money by scamming people, I'm not making so much money doing that.
Q: Does fact-checking actually work? By the time it's flagged and a journalist looks at it and does all the research, a piece may have already gotten a huge run on Facebook.
A: Sometimes these things have a longer shelf life than you'd expect. They get re-shared or reconstituted. And that's where, once you decide that this is another fake version of this, you can detect that and you can get there sooner.
Q: Can you measure the monetary impact you've had on fake news purveyors?
A: At some point later in the year we'll share some of that. We've seen a marked decrease.
Q: There's another election happening pretty soon. How do you feel about steps you've taken to combat foreign influence?
A: Election integrity is huge. Keeping the community safe, making sure that bad actors aren't misusing the platform, is THE focus. A lot of this boils down to people who are inauthentic. They claim they're advocating for this social movement in the U.S. Really, they're not in the country at all, don't represent it and they have a fake profile or a fake page.
Q: Can you tell someone isn't where they say they are?
A: These folks are smart. They know that you're looking at IP (internet protocol) addresses, so they'll take over a machine with malware in the U.S. and post from there instead. People say, "Why don't you just check the currency or the IP address?" And as soon as you do that, literally that afternoon, they will change tactics.
So I think we've got be even smarter. We said we're hiring another 10,000 people to help us review content. We've put the best people we have in the company working on these problems and I think we've made good progress, but there's lots more to do.
© 2018 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: iStock/Artist's concept.
Flekkefjord, Norway - April 24: PARAT Halvorsen AS, Norway's leading supplier of steam and heat energy systems for land-based industries, shipping and offshore applications, will demonstrate a range of its innovative and environmentally friendly boiler systems at this year's All-Energy Exhibition and Conference (SEC, Glasgow 2-3 May). Technical Director Martin Løvland will be speaking at the event to highlight how PARAT Halvorsen's clever technology is supporting national and regional grids in various parts of the world, as well as individual industrial customers.
More Headlines Articles
The company's electrode boilers are suitable for a range of applications where the peaks and troughs of energy supply and demand can be levelled out for optimal efficiency. The on- and offshore renewables sector is of particular interest because boiler technology can harness surplus power during low energy demand periods, enabling power generating installations to operate at a stable load, without the need for expensive shutdowns or to start big generators to offload surplus power. The company's systems also ensure that renewable sources of power can continue to generate energy even when demand for power is low.Meanwhile, in the operation of national and regional grids, managers face the constant headache of ensuring sufficient capacity to meet peak demand while finding something to do with surplus power when demand is low. Therefore, PARAT Halvorsen boilers have been used in a number of grid applications in Denmark and Germany for ‘grid regulation'. This process can involve steam, hot water and thermal storage, and makes surplus power available for third-party users or local energy networks during periods of low demand, such as night-time hours.Mr Løvland will also explain how electrode boilers can be used in back-up applications to ensure the robust supply of power in the event of a fossil fuel plant breakdown. Unlike other boiler types, electrode boilers can be brought to full power within a few minutes, minimising power disruption."The very best applications are the ones in which various electrode boiler applications can be combined to provide maximum flexibility," Mr Løvland explains. "For example, an electrode boiler could be used to ensure that an offshore wind farm continues to operate at maximum efficiency whatever the strength of the wind or the level of demand. But the boiler could also be used as a back-up facility and a means of storing energy generated at low cost. This maximises potential revenue streams."The company recently secured a ground-breaking contract to supply electrical power, generated from 100% sustainable sources ashore, for Phase 2 of Norway's giant Johan Sverdrup development in the North Sea. Located on the Utsira Height about 160 kilometres west of Stavanger, Johan Sverdrup is one of the five largest North Sea oilfields and will have a production life of at least 50 years when it comes on stream in 2020.PARAT Halvorsen will provide two 12MW high-voltage electrode boilers with an efficiency of 99.5% to generate heat for the heating medium circuit. The use of renewable onshore electricity in this system will reduce the offshore emission of greenhouse gases by 80-90% compared with a standard gas turbine arrangement. The company's skid-mounted hardware will include boilers, pumps, water treatment, heat exchangers and control system.PARAT Halvorsen will be demonstrating the latest advances in its electrode boiler technology on Stand L50 at the All-Energy event in May, while Mr Martin Løvland will be addressing delegates at the seminar ‘Energy Storage 1: Energy storage for the whole energy system', taking place on 3rd May from 11am to 12.30pm.About PARAT Halvorsen AS:PARAT Halvorsen AS has been designing and manufacturing boilers for almost 100 years. Established in 1920, the company has established a trademark of quality and reliability and today its boilers are in daily use in land-based industries, on ships and on offshore rigs and platform in all corners of the world. The company's electrode boilers, introduced initially in 1990, have been designed, developed and continuously refined by the company's in-house engineers. Electrode steam boilers designed and manufactured by PARAT Halvorsen AS were the first to be chosen for grid regulation anywhere in the world. They are manufactured at PARAT Halvorsen's production plant in Flekkefjord, Norway.
FUNERAL SERVICES FOR 71 YEAR OLD CAROL ANN KINDER OF CLEARFIELD, FORMERLY OF HATFIELD, MO WILL BE 10AM WEDNESDAY MORNING AT THE AREA BIBLE FELLOWSHIP CHURCH IN CLEARFIELD, IOWA WITH BURIAL IN THE PAYNE CEMETERY IN HATFIELD, MO. OPEN VIEWING WILL BE HELD AT THE AREA BIBLE FELLOWSHIP CHURCH IN CLEARFIELD TUESDAY FROM 2 TO 8PM, WITH THE FAMILY PRESENT AT THE CHURCH TUESDAY EVENING FROM 5 TO 8PM. A MEMORIAL FUND HAS BEEN ESTABLISHED IN HER NAME TO BE DECIDED LATER. ONLINE CONDOLENCES MAY BE LEFT AT armstrongfh.com.
At a federal court in Wisconsin, a British cybersecurity expert pleaded not guilty to charges over an alleged malware scheme to steal personal banking information.
Before these accusations, Marcus Hutchins was known for his role in finding the "kill switch" to the WannaCry ransomware cyber-attack last May that "threatened over 150 countries," NPR's Leila Fadel reported.
After today's hearing, Hutchins' lawyer Marcia Hofmann described him as a "brilliant young man and a hero," and said that "when the evidence comes to light, we are confident he will be fully vindicated."
The FBI took Hutchins into custody earlier this month in Las Vegas, where he had been attending a cybersecurity conference.
In July, a federal grand jury indicted him and an unnamed co-defendant on six counts dating from July 2014 to July 2015.
The indictment accuses Hutchins of creating the malware, which is called Kronos. The two co-defendents then allegedly advertised it on internet forums and sold it.
Hutchins is charged with "one count of conspiracy to commit computer fraud and abuse, three counts of distributing and advertising an electronic communication interception device, one count of endeavoring to intercept electronic communications, and one count of attempting to access a computer without authorization," as Leila reported.
She added that other members of his community were shocked at the accusations, because they are counter to his reputation as a person devoted to preventing this kind of attack.
Hutchins was "granted bail on 5 August after $30,000 ...was raised by friends and family," according to the BBC.
But his release comes with strict conditions, as detailed by The Associated Press:
"His bond has been modified so that he can stay in Los Angeles near his attorney and travel anywhere in the U.S., but he cannot leave the country. He was also granted access to use a computer for work, a change from an earlier judge's order barring him from using any device with access to the internet. Hutchins has been working for a network security company, according to prosecutors, who did not oppose allowing him access to a computer for work." "Hutchins is required to wear a GPS monitor, but [Magistrate Judge William] Duffin said the court will consider removing that requirement once Hutchins has found a home in Los Angeles and is complying with the terms of his bond."
The wire service adds that the next hearing is scheduled for Oct. 17.
You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters
Message: * A friend wanted you to see this item from WRAL.com: http://wr.al/18Kl5
— A Durham teen was recovering Wednesday after being wounded Tuesday evening in what his brother said was an accidental shooting.
Christopher "C.J." Hembry, 14, was shot in the chest in a parking area of the Scotland Manor townhouses complex on Kilarney Drive, off Ross Road in east Durham.
"I've never seen anything like that, never seen anyone gets shot right in front of my face, especially my little brother," 19-year-old Daequan Dixon said. "I'm still hurt and shaken."
Dixon said he had pulled into the parking area with a carload of people, and a gun that a "friend's friend" was playing with discharged.
C.J. had walked up to the car to talk to the people inside when he was shot, Dixon said.
"It happened so fast. Guess he was playing with it, didn't know it was loaded, and then it went off," he said. "I'm thinking it missed my little brother, but he turned around, and I saw the bullet coming out his back."
Chaos ensued as frantic parents scrambled to get their children inside.
"All I know is the kids were outside playing, and all the sudden, it happened," one woman told a 911 dispatcher.
Three people called 911 and pleaded with dispatchers to send an ambulance as quickly as possible.
"Where's the help? We need them here now. Get them here now, please," one man said.
"It was craziness going on out here," Dixon said. "I wasn't focused on nothing else because of my brother. All my attention was on him."
Dispatchers walked witnesses through how to stanch the flow of blood from the gunshot wound and to keep C.J. calm until help arrived.
C.J. had made it through surgery and was stable at Duke University Hospital, although he was in a lot of pain, Dixon said.
"He's conscious. My mom said she talked to him," he said.
One witness told a 911 dispatcher that the shooter drove off in a red car, but he wasn't sure where they went. Police haven't yet named any suspects or made an arrest in the case.
"(The guy) should have never had a loaded gun around my brother, should've never had it, period, around me because I don't like guns," Dixon said. "There's no forgiveness about that."
C.J. is the third Durham youth to be shot in the past month. Deisy Medina, 10, was sleeping in her bed when she was wounded by a bullet fired from the apartment upstairs, while Kamari Munerlyn, 7, was killed last week when someone fired shots into the SUV in which he was riding.
"Lately, all we've been hearing about is kids being shot," said Patrice Patterson, who lives on Kilarney Drive with her three children. "That's why I try to keep mine close to me at all times."
MK Ofer Shelah [Yesh Atid] said on Saturday that the current tactical co-ordination level between Israel and Russia and the Israeli reactions to rockets fired from the Gaza Strip are lacking when one thinks about the potential deterioration on both fronts.
Shelah said that an act of statesmanship is needed to bring the US back to the Middle East and turn Israel into a partner in shaping the region, including post-Civil War Syria. He said these things during a cultural event held in Modiín.
Speaking out against Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu Shelah said that Israel is responding to provocations from the Gaza Strip but is not trying to act in ways that will prevent ‘the next round'.
“Government Ministers, such as Minister Yisrael Katz, are calling on Netanyahu to act…but he is afraid and does not do anything – the result might be a war nobody wants,” Shelah said.
Share on facebook Share on Twitter
McKenzie Police Reports
Driving on suspended / revoked / speeding / driving unregistered vehicle — According to a report filed by MPD Patrolman Billy King, on February 10, the officer engaged radar to clock a gray-colored, Chevy Caprice traveling 53 mph in a 25 mph speed zone on Magnolia Avenue. Upon stopping the vehicle, the officer learned via computer check that the license of the driver, identified as Anthony Haynes Jr., 39, McKenzie, was suspended and the tag on the vehicle was not on file. The report noted that Haynes Jr. had two prior convictions for driving on canceled in Carroll County on February 14, 2014 and June 6, 2014.
Theft — According to a report filed by MPD Sergeant Jeff Winberry, on February 10, the officer responded to a shoplifting call at Merchants Outlet Mall located on Highland Drive in McKenzie. Upon arrival, the officer spoke with a store employee who said she caught a customer in the act of shoplifting. The report noted that the defendant, identified as Alba L. Laureano, 46, Ash Street, Bruceton, took several items without paying for them. Total amount of the items recovered was $101. Laureano was cited into Carroll County General Sessions Court with no restitution owed to Merchants Outlet Mall.
The Trump Administration has rescinded the Obama-era guidelines that encouraged American schools, colleges and institutes of higher education to use race and ethnicity as a factor in the admissions process to promote diversity among students, triggering widespread criticism.
The guidelines were among 24 policy documents revoked on Tuesday by the US Justice Department for being “unnecessary, outdated, inconsistent with existing law, or otherwise improper.”
“In the Trump administration, we are restoring the rule of law,” Attorney General Jeff Sessions said, alleging that in previous administrations agencies often tried to impose new rules on American people without any public notice or comment period, simply by sending a letter or posting a guidance document on a website.
“That's wrong, and it's not good government,” he argued.
“That's why in November I banned this practice at the Department and we began rescinding guidance documents that were issued improperly or that were simply inconsistent with current law,” Sessions said.
Education Secretary Betsy DeVos said that the Supreme Court has determined what affirmative-action policies were constitutional, and the court's written decisions were the best guide for navigating this complex issue.
The move has been slammed by the opposition Democratic party and rights groups.
Anurima Bargava, who headed civil-rights enforcement in schools under Obama's Justice Department and helped craft the Obama-era documents, told Wall Street Journal that said they simply offered guidelines to schools and colleges looking to continue using affirmative action legally.
“The law on this hasn't changed, and the Supreme Court has twice ruled reaffirming the importance of diversity. This is a purely political attack that benefits nobody,” Bhargava was quoted as saying.
Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi said that the Obama Administration's guidance reaffirmed the truth that diversity is the strength of schools and nation, which is now under direct attack from the Trump Administration's discriminatory agenda.
“From day one, Secretary DeVos, Attorney General Sessions and the (Donald) Trump Cabinet have trampled over settled law in their haste to undermine decades of progress toward ensuring that our schools and workforce reflect the diversity of our nation,” Pelosi said.
Senator Patty Murray alleged that with this latest action, the Trump Administration is making it more difficult for colleges and universities to open up doors of opportunity to students and communities who have historically been left behind, and more difficult for them to increase access and diversity in their classrooms, which helps all students succeed.
“This shouldn't shock anyone who has been paying attention to what President Trump has said about immigrants, women, people of colour, and people with disabilities, or to anyone who has watched what he and Secretary DeVos have done to roll back civil rights enforcement on behalf of survivors of sexual assault, LGBTQ students, and more – but it should be one more reminder that his Administration is doing everything they can, every day and at every level, to divide communities and undermine our American values,” Murray said.
Congressman Bobby Scott, ranking member of the House Committee on Education and the Workforce, and Congressman Jerrold Nadler, ranking member of the House Committee on the Judiciary, said that the decision contradicts the Supreme Court's ruling in the Fisher versus University of Texas case that schools have a compelling interest in pursuing a diverse student body.
American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) said that among the guidance rescinded was information on federal protections based on national origin, laws preventing someone from being denied opportunity based on their ethnic or cultural background.
“This move from Attorney General Sessions is a concrete signal that there is a war being waged on civil liberties from the highest levels of government. Guidance documents do not make law, but they do clarify and facilitate the law's implementation,” ACLU national political director Faiz Shakir said.
“This is another attack by Sessions and President Trump on people of colour…” he added.
Google has telegraphed a desire to bring its chip design work in-house, following the release of its Tensor Processing Unit (TPU) last year, hiring SoC architect Manu Gulati away from mobile rival Apple.
That Apple has been increasingly shifting its mobile system on chip (SoC) design work in-house is no secret: The company hired former AMD staff back in 2013 , acquired chip design firm Intrinsity - formerly Exponential Technology - in 2010, and acquired a small semiconductor fab in 2015 for prototype creation. The company introduced its own-brand ARM SoCs in 2007 with the APL0098 in the original iPhone smartphone, though it wasn't until the launch of the Apple A4 in 2010 that the company truly began to break away from off-the-shelf IP and worked on flexing its own design muscles. Since then, the Apple Ax family has been a performance leader, and earlier this year the company announced it was dropping Imagination Technologies' PowerVR GPU IP in favour of homebrew designs - marking the first time in the company's history it has developed both CPU and GPU IP internally, albeit with the former based on licensed ARM IP.Now it appears Google is looking to follow in the company's footsteps. Variety reports that the company has hired Manu Gulati, who has been leading Apple's chip development work for the past eight years, into the newly created role of ''. This marks the first time Google has telegraphed a desire to design its own SoC hardware for future smartphones and tablets, having previously relied upon providing design notes and desired specifications to external companies like HTC and LG to build its flagship, Google-branded mobile devices.The hire comes nearly a year after Google unveiled its first in-house processor project, the AI-focused Tensor Processing Unit (TPU) , which it has since rolled out to its cloud platforms and begun to offer hosted variants of for third-party research and development use.Neither Google nor Apple have commented on Gulati's hiring.
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Vidyut Jammwal celebrated his 37th birthday on the sets of his upcoming action-thriller Junglee in Thailand and the crew surprised the birthday boy with a chocolate and vanilla cake and broke into a mini party.
Check out the pictures below!
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Airbnb's edge on room prices depends on tax advantages
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
FORT LAUDERDALE, FL--(Marketwired - Feb 15, 2017) - The Singing Machine Company, Inc. ("Singing Machine" or the "Company") ( OTCQX : SMDM) -- is proud to announce the launch of their new product line for kids at the New York Toy Fair February 18th-21st, 2017. Singing Machine will be presenting at the Main Hall, First Floor, Booth #6485. The new line includes eleven stylish, sing-a-long products for children from preschool through elementary school age.
"We're incredibly proud of our new kids line," explains CEO Gary Atkinson. "Not only have we designed a range of products that will enhance our mission of spreading joy through music, we have also created products that will help kids with a variety of early learning and developmental skills."
Research has shown that singing positively affects key areas of development including Language Development, Confidence & Self Esteem, Brain & Body Development, and Overall Wellness. Atkinson goes on to say, "We wanted our kids line to be family-oriented, gender neutral, and represent a design independent of trendy licensing and pop culture fads. Kids can grow with these products and truly enjoy them for years at a time."
Highlights of the new Singing Machine Kids line include:
Mic Guy Bluetooth Sing-Along: For the littlest singing lovers, this battery-operated Bluetooth speaker system features the iconic Singing Machine Mic Guy character as a wired microphone and 3 popular children's sing along songs. Listen to more songs from your phone or tablet and record up to 3 minutes of your vocal performance. An extendable handle allows for easily portability.
Availability: Summer 2017
Candy House Sing-Along: This fun and festive speaker system comes with three popular children's songs, a multi-colored lit roof top, and up to 3 minutes of voice recording and playback function. Works with all downloadable Karaoke Apps.
Availability: Summer 2017
Blackboard Calculator: The Singing Machine has added a fun twist to learning calculators. Make math fun and interactive with the Wise Old Owl to help kids learn simple addition, subtraction, multiplication and division. Comes with three languages: English, French or Spanish.
Availability: Fall 2017
Bluetooth Recording Studio: A portable Bluetooth studio that comes with 6 preloaded sound effects and up to 5 minutes of recording and playback function. A tablet or smartphone cradle allows kids to follow along with the lyrics and sing along.
Availability: Fall 2017
Singing Machine Kids Sing-Along App: Singing Machine is delighted to announce that, through its continued partnership with Stingray, a karaoke mobile app designed for children will be available this Fall. The app is a perfect complement to our new Singing Machine Kids toys line. Children will have hours of fun singing along to their favorite children's tunes! With vocals synchronised to music and on-screen lyrics, this colorful app makes singing karaoke child's play! This entertaining and engaging kid's karaoke app will be available for both iOS and Android devices.
Members of the media are invited to visit the Singing Machine at Booth #6485 in the Main Hall on the First Floor or contact Sara Shake at sara@madstudios.net or Melissa Sweredoski at melissas@madstudios.net to arrange an interview with CEO, Gary Atkinson or Vice President Of Global Sales and Marketing, Bernardo Melo. Sample products are available upon request.
About The Singing Machine
Based in the U.S., Singing Machine® is the North American leader in consumer karaoke products. The first to provide karaoke systems for home entertainment in the United States, the Company sells its products worldwide through major mass merchandisers and on-line retailers. We offer the industry's widest line of at-home karaoke entertainment products, which allow consumers to find a machine that suits their needs and skill level. As the most recognized brand in karaoke, Singing Machine products incorporate the latest technology for singing practice, music listening, entertainment and social sharing. The Singing Machine provides consumers the best warranties in the industry and access to over 13,000 songs for streaming and download. Singing Machine products are sold through most major retailers in North America and internationally. See www.singingmachine.com for more details.
Forward-Looking Statements
This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking statements are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about the Company's business based, in part, on assumptions made by management and include, but are not limited to statements about our financial statements for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2016. You should review our risk factors in our SEC filings which are incorporated herein by reference. Such forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made and the company does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this release.
The mother of the 16-year-old killed in a rollover crash Friday said she told her daughter to be responsible and make the right choices.
The mother of the 16-year-old killed in a rollover crash Friday said she told her daughter to be responsible and make the right choices.
"It was that horrifying thing that we always talk about and warn our kids about actually happened," the victim's mother Marah Nix said.
Nix said her daughter Makenzzi Nix went out with friends Friday night for a bonfire.
"She was 16 and having fun and she probably thought she was invincible."
Nix said Makenzzi and four of her friends got into a 2003 Silverado pickup truck. Police said Nina Gateley, 19, was behind the wheel.
According to Gateley's arrest report, she was driving south on Sky Pointe Drive, went off the road, and the truck rolled over. The crash threw Makenzzi out of the truck. Police said she died at the hospital.
"It doesn't seem real to anyone still," Nix said. "None of us got to see her or hold her or tell her goodbye."
[RELATED: Teen killed, driver charged after suspected DUI crash in northwest Las Vegas]
The other four teens were injured but survived.
Officers found alcohol bottles in backpacks at the scene of the crash, according to Gateley's arrest report. Makenzzi's friends told officers they were drinking in the desert before the crash.
"You can't make them make the right choice when they're not in front of you," Nix said. "If I was there, I would have slapped it out of her hand."
"She loved to dance and sing and make funny faces," Nix said. "She was quick-witted and she loved everyone."
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
CLAREMONT, CA--(Marketwired - Apr 18, 2017) - Kiwa Bio-Tech Products Group Corporation ( OTCQB : KWBT). On April 18, 2017, Kiwa Bio-Tech Products Group Corporation ("Kiwa" or the "Company") reported its operating results for most recent fiscal year ended December 31, 2016. For the fourth quarter, Kiwa reported revenue of $9,617,845 and net income of $963,296.
"2016 was a remarkable year for the Company. We made progress in all aspects of our corporate development, from corporate structuring to fundraising, from new product development to market expansion, and from revenue generation to cost saving," stated Yvonne Wang, CEO of Kiwa. "The Company's profit was recognized through its wholly-owned China subsidiary," Wang commented.
Wang continued, "Looking forward to 2017, we see continued opportunities for growth. On one hand, we are very pleased that we exceeded our business plan in 2016, on the other, we are committed to working more diligently to improve our fundamentals and deliver excellent results to our investors in 2017."
For more information on Kiwa and its products, please refer to the Company's website at www.kiwabiotech.com or the Company filings with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission, available for free at www.sec.gov.
This press release contains information that constitutes forward-looking statements made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Any such forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from any future results described by the forward-looking statements. Risk factors that could contribute to such differences include those matters more fully disclosed in the Company's reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. The forward-looking information provided herein represents the Company's estimates as of the date of the press release, and subsequent events and developments may cause the Company's estimates to change. The Company specifically disclaims any obligation to update the forward-looking information in the future. Therefore, this forward-looking information should not be relied upon as representing the Company's estimates of its future financial performance as of any date subsequent to the date of this press release.
Chinese President Xi Jinping, left, and Premier Li Keqiang, right, stand as Vice President Wang Qishan arrives at the closing session of the annual National People's Congress in Beijing's Great Hall of the People in Beijing, China, Tuesday, March 20, 2018. Ng Han Guan AP Photo
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Wells Fargo's overdraft income surges ahead of rivals
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
There's a new opportunity for small businesses to build a niche in the musical instrument business. And you can thank 3D printing for that.
Recently, Professor Olaf Diegel of the University of Lund designed the world's first aluminum 3D printed guitar, showing that it's possible to use quality materials in the printing of complicated products. Diegel had already made 70 3D printed guitars using polyamide powder prior to this accomplishment.
Aluminum presented a unique set of challenges though. Basically, because there are a lot of overlapping parts to the guitar, the whole thing had to be welded together once the parts were printed. But 3D printing still played a big part in the design and formation of the product.
And it's not just guitars either. Diegel once formed a band that used only 3D printed instruments. So there are plenty of possibilities out there for consumers and businesses that want to make musical instruments at lower costs.
3D Printing Business Opportunities Abound
The business possibilities provided by 3D printing really seem to be endless. You can experiment with the design, materials and more. And the ability to cut down on manufacturing and material costs can be a huge benefit, especially to small businesses looking to build unique, low-cost niches.
MACON, Georgia (41NBC/WMGT) – A man who shot a Macon store clerk in a failed robbery attempt before stealing cash from a Waffle House and gas station in an early morning July 4 crime spree is being sought by police.
The Bibb County Sheriff's Office says the man first entered the Citgo gas station on Rocky Creek Road before 3 a.m. The clerk, 24-year-old Bhavesh Patel, ran to a back storeroom when he saw the robber had a handgun. Police say the suspect shot Patel through a closed door; the bullet grazing Patel in the back. The would-be robber then fled the store in a 2010-2014 blue Honda Civic, which was missing both front hubcaps.
- Advertisement -
The suspect was wearing a white “V-neck shirt” with dark blue jeans and a black “doo rag” on his head. His face was covered with a blue bandanna.
Just an hour later, around 4 a.m., a man with the same description entered the Waffle House at 3620 Riverside Dr. The robber showed a handgun when he jumped over the restaurant's counter and took cash. He fled in the same Honda Civic.
The man's Independence Day crime spree continued around 6:30 a.m. at the Exxon gas station at 2311 Pio Nono Avenue when he entered the store with a female.
Related Article: Rapper Yung Mazi gunned down outside Atlanta pizza shop
The female told the clerk the video game machines were acting up, before the male robber brandished a handgun and forced the clerk into the back game room. Then, the robber took cash from the register, according to the police.
The man left the store, walking towards Dent Street. The female left shortly after, getting into the previously described 2006 blue Honda Civic, missing two front hubcaps, with the tag PWJ2007. She was wearing a black “Air Jordan” t-shirt, blue jean short and a black and white hat. The man matched the description from the earlier aggravated assault and robbery, except this time he wore a blue skull cap.
The man and woman were caught on surveillance video.
No one was injured in the Waffle House and Exxon robberies.
A Challenging Task
Early on the show, the contestants were divided into two groups. Thereafter, each group was asked to stop water leaking from a tank that was kept in the garden area. As expected, this task created a buzz amongst the viewers.
Nithya And Thadi Balaji Set Aside Their Differences
Thadi Balaji and his estranged wife Nithya have not been on talking terms right from day 1. And, needless to say, this has often resulted in tense situations on the show. As such, many fans felt they would avoid each other during the task. However, contrary to the expectations, the two set aside their differences and worked together. It will be worth watching if this has a positive impact on their personal equation in the days to come.
Mumtaz Behaves Like a Brat AGAIN
Mumtaz, who was recently pulled up by host Kamal Haasan for breaking some important rules, behaved like a 'drama queen' again. She insulted Mahat and Janani and this left a bad taste in the mouth. Her dominating nature ticked off the other contestants and established her as a troublemaker.
A New Task
After the first task ended, Bigg Boss gave the housemates a new one. As part of the new task, the contestants were asked to throw water at their colleagues who would collect it in a tub. Mumtaz's team won the task and this gave her fans a reason to rejoice.
Shariq Lashes Out At Vaishnavi
During the task, the winning team apparently violated a rule and this did not go down well with Shariq. The teenager lashed out at 'Captain' Vaishnavi and added that Mumtaz's team should have been disqualified. As a result of the confrontation, the day ended on a bitter note.
Chinese President Xi Jinping is displayed on a big screen as he delivers a speech at the closing session of the annual National People's Congress in the Great Hall of the People in Beijing, China, Tuesday, March 20, 2018. Ng Han Guan AP Photo
Long footballing career can damage the brain, scientists find
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
In Germany this year, the Protestant church is celebrating 500 years since Martin Luther brought about the Reformation. Today, as the number of churchgoers dwindles, the clergy is turning to new media to appeal to those with little time to attend worship in person.
In the eastern city of Magdeburg, the monotone peal of a single church bell calls a modest flock of parishioners to evening prayers at the Walloon Reformed Church of St. Augustine.
As the faithful file into a High Gothic church where Martin Luther once delivered a sermon, most fumble around in handbags and pockets, looking for their cellphones.
But instead of dutifully switching off their phones and putting them away on this Friday evening, these 40 or so churchgoers take a pew and bow their heads over their lit-up devices as if they were prayer books.
This is a Twitter service, where the congregation is encouraged to tweet about the liturgy and share their prayers online.
Pastor Ralf Peter Reimann says it's an experiment. He believes that social media can help the Protestant church retain and even gain followers, even in today's increasingly secular society.
"There are lots of people who live online," he says. "We want to include these people and offer them to participate in a way that's comfortable to them."
While Reimann preaches from behind the lectern, a chorus of young parishioners perching in the choir stalls tweets about his sermon. Above them, a large screen displays a hash-tagged feed which, in real time, shows tweets coming from both within the church and from around Germany.
"Luther talked about the priesthood of all believers," Reimann says. "So if you use social media, it's not only the pastor communicating on behalf of the church, but Christians communicating among each other."
Although such Twitter services are yet to catch on, embracing the latest media trend is nothing new for Protestants.
Five-hundred years ago, when Martin Luther first protested against corruption in the Catholic Church, it was the then relatively new printing press that helped his challenge to papal authority to "go viral."
Luther's supporters printed his radical ideas in pamphlets. Cheap to produce and easy to distribute, these pamphlets fostered public debate.
Ulrike Zitzlsperger, a professor of German studies at the University of Exeter in England, says the 16th century pamphlet was the social media of Luther's day.
"I think the parallels with the use of Twitter today are really strong," Zitzlsperger says. "You've got a topic that engages not just an educated public but really the wider public, the lay people. Everybody has a say."
Luther's followers shared these pamphlets and responded to them by printing their own. These Twitter-like discussions spread so rapidly that the Catholic Church could do little to censor what it called heresy.
Today though, it's no longer dissent but disinterest that threatens the Christian church in Europe.
Back in Magdeburg, the Twitter service is in full swing. Messages from around Germany, where dozens of others participated, are displayed on the church's interactive screen in front of the altar.
Some posts are encouraging, like the one from a Twitter user who tweets in German, "We all make mistakes. God will show us the right way."
Some users share their private prayers, like one who posts: "I pray for the unborn child in my belly and that it is blessed with good health."
Other users are less convinced. "Sorry, this is too hectic," one writes. "I go to church to find inner peace. I'm signing off."
It's also too much for 86-year-old Ingeborg Brunner, who tiptoes out of church before the Twitter service is over. Brunner doesn't own a smartphone, so she feels somewhat left out.
"It was certainly interesting, but it's not my cup of tea" Brunner admits. "I'm a little old for Twitter. I prefer a proper service, when we get to sing hymns."
While Brunner says she's pleased the church is appealing to the digitally devout, regular churchgoers like her would rather sing than tweet.
After all, congregational singing is another major legacy of the Reformation.
Subscribe to read: Financial Times
Esma warns of ‘potential loophole' in new share trading rules
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Kevin Na is known for being deliberate in his play on the PGA Tour.
Actually, I'm being too kind here. He's slow. A Sports Illustrated/Golf.com anonymous poll had Na second with 17 percent of Tour players naming him the slowest player.
That reputation followed him to the Safeway Open Pro-Am this week, where he teed off to the sounds of freestyling singer Kelley James.
James immediately slowed the music down and roasted Na as he teed off, and luckily the golfer had a great sense of humor about the whole thing.
.@YourBoyKJ was at Safeway today freestyling while players teed off. He slowed it way down for Kevin Na. pic.twitter.com/ctpA6RVbO0 — Skratch (@Skratch) October 4, 2017
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Shell agrees to $0.95b sale of downstream business in Argentina to Raízen – WorldStage
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Business - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
In May 2013, months after friends and family had gathered to remember Wayne Millard, his son was arrested for the murder of Tim Bosma, of Hamilton, who disappeared after leaving his house with two men who asked to test drive a truck he posted for sale online.
Soon after Dellen Millard's arrest, police reopened the case of his father's death. They still had the gun that was found beside his bed, court has heard. They tested the gun and found Dellen Millard's DNA on the handle, court documents show. Last year, a gun trafficker pleaded guilty to selling Dellen Millard the revolver.
In 2016, Dellen Millard and his friend, Mark Smich, were found guilty of first-degree murder in Bosma's death and received life sentences. The jury heard that the pair killed Bosma and burned his body in an animal incinerator.
Millard and Smich were also later convicted — and sentenced to life — in the murder of Laura Babcock, a young Toronto woman who vanished in the summer of 2012 and whose case was also reopened by police following Millard's arrest in Bosma's disappearance.
Millard's third murder trial will be in front of a judge alone. Ontario's attorney general agreed the man's notoriety would make it difficult to find fair jurors, thus granting the rare request to hold a first-degree murder trial without a jury.
Millard's defence, according to court documents, will be that his father killed himself. A portion of the trial is expected to focus on Wayne Millard's state of mind at the time of his death.
The elder Millard loved aviation and animals.
In 1982, just days after he was arrested for filming baby seals being clubbed to death, he flew a small crew back into the area to get onto the ice near the beaches of P.E.I.
Wayne Millard had the means — a plane, a helicopter and money to burn — for the venture. He and Burns, who would later become his wife, were making a film about the seal hunt with the help of Sea Shepherd Conservation Society founder Paul Watson.
"He was very incensed about the seal hunt," Watson said. "He stuck to his ground and didn't give in. He was persistent, passionate and he was dedicated."
Wayne Millard was a longtime Air Canada pilot before getting involved with Millardair. He once sued Air Canada because they suspended him for growing his hair too long, said Dennis Chadala, who wrote a book about his years with Millardair.
"Wayne was a kind man who trained me on many different kinds of planes and we had a kinship in that we were banded together in order to handle his father, Carl, who was a real tough boss," Chadala said. "But he was also a rabble-rouser."
After his father died in 2006, Wayne Millard took over Millardair, but the company wasn't doing well. He embarked on a project to transform Millardair into a maintenance, repair and overhaul operation and secured a massive hangar at the Region of Waterloo International Airport. He told others, including his cousin Roberts, that he was doing it so his son could run it one day.
Shortly after Wayne Millard was found dead, his son fired everyone at Millardair and wound the business down.
In an obituary published in the Toronto Star in 2012, Dellen Millard called his dad a generous man.
"His hope was for a time when co-operation would be the norm and competition was only friendly," he wrote. "He was patient and stubborn ... He believed animal welfare was a humanitarian effort. He was a good man in a careless world. He was my father."
By Liam Casey, The Canadian Press
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Downfall of Toshiba, a nuclear industry titan
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Dwyane Wade's 16-year-old son, Zaire, is heading into his junior year of high school. Unlike the typical high school basketball player, Zaire spent his Tuesday night going up against NBA talent.
And he held his own.
Zaire participated in a Miami Pro League game alongside NBA big men Andre Drummond and Hassan Whiteside. On the other side, he matched up against Knicks guard Tim Hardaway Jr.
With under a minute to go, Zaire went isolation on Hardaway and knocked down a clutch basket to give his team a two-point lead. Dwyane Wade was there to watch as his son embarrassed an NBA starter.
d wade's son out here cooking tim hardaway jr 😂😂😂 pic.twitter.com/T1tAHlQzzL — Drew Corrigan (@Dcorrigan50) July 4, 2018
And here are the full game highlights:
Wade's team would hold on to win, 99-97.
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Bank wants an architecture that will complement its new way of working
As ANZ begins to roll out 'scaled agile' across its Australian workforce, the bank is now considering how to architect its systems to complement this new way of working.
The bank yesterday announced it was starting a formal process to appoint a systems integration partner "to assist in the scoping and design of our technology architecture" to support its new organisation-wide agile approach.
The result will be a "continuously evolving" architecture, the bank's group executive technology Gerard Florian told media at ANZ's Dockside, Melbourne headquarters yesterday, "that's reflective of the changing nature of the way technology today, applications in particular, are written versus the way they used to be done".
"How do you take architecture which historically is one of the key functions, but it's also worked with quite a direct line of control. In this new way of working you have a more distributed control...What is the best way to make sure we keep our architecture appropriately aligned but also flexible enough to evolve?" Florian said.
In May, ANZ CEO Shayne Elliott announced the bank would be implementing scaled agile to achieve a "much less hierarchical ANZ" built around "small, collaborative, self-directed teams focused on delivering continuous improvement".
In keeping with the 'shake-up' of working style, the partnership signals a move from 'big-bang' projects to a model of continuous improvement, Florian says.
"We take that evolving view versus a big bang view, and we are looking to begin that approach to planning our architecture by going out to the market to find an innovative partner that we can work with to help us build some of those models, to get away from that huge project which will tie up a lot of resources and a lot of funds for a long period of time and historically may have delivered some results, if not raging success," Florian said.
"But it's different now. What we deal with today requires a different approach to architecture."
Taking off the blinkers
Florian joined ANZ in November, as part of technology leadership overhaul which saw the departure of CIO Scott Collary.
According to Florian, there are three major pieces of work "that need to work in concert for us to deliver this great customer experience".
The first is working in a more agile way ("The way of working is really important, however it can become the only topic," Florian says), the second is moving the technology from "big projects to services, and those services continuously evolve" and the third is "thinking about our architecture in a different way".
"Our architecture today: whilst the ledger, which was the traditional core system, is a very important part, the way in which we bundle our products; the way in which we price our products; the distribution channel; the role of our mobile services; these are all important as well. So to pick one area and say that is the only thing you need to be concerned about somewhat blinkers your view," Florian said.
"I think the way in which software is being developed today, the way in which applications are working and the role of things like APIs means that having that monolithic single solution limits you a lot."
Florian indicated ANZ would not be replacing its core banking system, which is based on CSC's Hogan. In July last year, then CIO Collary made the case for keeping the system, saying there was "no compelling business case" for overhauling it.
Westpac outlined plans in 2013 to update its operations to Celeriti, starting with St George. CBA committed in 2008 to modernising its existing legacy systems, spending five years and a $1 billion on an SAP-based platform, while NAB began its NextGen initiative with Oracle in 2007.
Let the ledger be the ledger
Along with the architecture, the role of cloud too will continue to evolve, said Florian, who joined the bank from Dimension Data where he was chief strategy officer for the global Cloud Business Unit.
"That will also shift backwards and forwards [between private and public cloud] as technology changes, as regulators adjust their position and customer sentiment changes," he explained.
Once the core ledger is simplified, technologies like blockchain become more realistic, Florian added.
"The way in which many organisations' product ledger has evolved, there are a lot of functions like pricing that have been stacked in there that has made that environment less flexible than we need today. So you take those functions and look and see what are the offerings in the market that do them in a different way. And then enable the ledger to be the ledger," he said.
"Then in ten years, things like blockchain become more realistic once you've got to a point where you've simplified the basic systems. So there's a role for that to play eventually. But you would not be able to do that if your product ledger had all these functionalities intermingled with it."
George Nott flew to Melbourne as a guest of ANZ.
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
STILLWATER, Okla. — Oklahoma State avenged its loss to Alabama from four years ago while blasting the Crimson Tide to win the NCAA men's golf championship on its home course Wednesday.
Vitkor Hovland never trailed in the opening match against Lee Hodges in a 4-and-3 victory. Zach Bouchou won five straight holes, holing out a bunker shot on his way to an 8-and-7 victory over Jonathan Hardee.
Matthew Wolff delivered the clinching point, a 4-and-3 victory over Davis Riley, and the celebration was on at Karsten Creek Golf Club.
The Cowboys had the home crowd on their side, and they gave their orange-clad fans plenty to cheer.
Oklahoma State won its 11th NCAA title, second only to Houston's 16. Its previous championship was in 2006 when it was stroke play. Since switching to match play in 2009, the Cowboys have been runner-up twice.
One of those years was to Alabama in 2014 at Prairie Dunes in Kansas, about a three-hour drive north of Stillwater. Alabama won big for back-to-back titles.
The Tide advanced to the championship match by sweeping the five matches against Duke in the semifinals. Alabama fell behind big in three matches against Oklahoma State, and trailed in all five matches when Wolff clinched it.
The final score was 3-2 because the other two matches, which no longer mattered, ended where they were.
By The Associated Press
Check out the video highlights from the Komets' 3-1 loss today at Kalamazoo, Michigan. Jason Binkley was the only player to score for the Komets, who play the Kalamazoo Wings for a third straight game on Friday at Memorial Coliseum.
jcohn@jg.net
Subscribe to read: Financial Times
Clash of Clans maker Supercell looks to acquire as sales stall
The Prime Time Anytime program by Facebook (NASDAQ: FB) may sound like a nod to traditional prime-time TV. In reality it's a new resource center with informative articles and even video tutorials. The resource center provides marketing insights and solutions to help businesses understand concepts in digital advertising for building their brand and more effective campaigns.
Facebook has outlined four areas so businesses can better understand marketing insights and strategies. They are learning creative best practices, optimizing ad delivery, growing cross-channel marketing and improving video performance.
Around 80 percent of small business owners use Facebook for marketing, which makes it the most popular marketing tool in the digital world. Facebook even outperforms traditional advertising such as newspapers and radio for many small businesses. Being proficient in how your ads perform on this and other social media platforms could be important for your small business's growth now and into the future.
Facebook Prime Time Anytime
Prime Time Anytime is part of Facebook's Measure What Matters education program. The goal is to give businesses more tools for understanding the digital ecosystem in which they operate with multichannel measurement solutions and insights. With this information, you can build your brand across the platforms and devices where your audience spends their time.
In a press release on Prime Time Anytime, Facebook says the resources will focus on helping small businesses in 4 major areas:
Creative best practices: This section includes insights on how to build your small business brand with creativity. A important part of this is understanding the importance of small screen ads, optimizing for mobile, and using data to inspire.
Auction and delivery: This section looks at making better delivery decisions to improve your reach along with return and cost per result. You can receive auction and delivery training, learn to bid best practices, scale your placements, and optimizing your budget.
Cross-channel media planning: This section looks at how TV, digital and Facebook campaigns work together.
The lessons from this module will include how to adapt to the mobile age, the combined cross-channel impact of TV and Facebook campaigns and planning campaigns that complement.
Video measurement: This section will take a look at how different types of video performance deliver unique value and how you can optimize this understanding growing your brand.
In the news release, Facebook says it plans to introduce more educational resources in the coming months so users can better understand the importance of measuring metrics to improve the delivery of ads. Most importantly all the resources are free.
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Defending state champion Tyler Moore rolled 202, 267 and 248 high games while Ethan Smiley scored 203, 221 and 222; Jaleel Dowell 224, Caleb Gregory 206, Matthew Ham 193 and Hunter Fugate 191 as the Blue Devils avenged their only loss of the season and improved to 18-1.
Lebanon beat Beech 22-5 earlier in the day in the semifinals as Moore turned in scores of 239, 227 and 257; Fugate 234 and 218, Tyler Magers 245, Dowell 224, Smiley 215 and Ham 195.
Mt. Juliet, coached by George Ogilvie and assisted by Chad Hayes, advanced with a 24-3 semifinal win over Merrol Hyde. The Golden Bears (17-1) will join Lebanon in the Region 6 tournament which will roll off the week of Jan. 8 at Pro Bowl West.
All-district honors were announced between the semis and finals. Moore won league Most Valuable Player honors and was joined on the first team by Fugate and Smiley. Dowell and Ham were named third team. Moore had the high game for the district at 297 and high series at 824 as he posted a league beat 38-4 record. Dowell was named Rookie of the Year.
Mt. Juliet's Ben Giacobbi leads the Golden Bears with a 206 average as he has qualified for the state individual tournament. John Dyer has a 189 average, Hunter Kinder 187, Isaiah Sanderling 184, Alex Ayers 174, Payton Mullins 173, Jack Lee 172 and Jonathan Lee and Brandon Jones 170 apiece.
iStock/Thinkstock(NEW YORK) — Losses in tech companies, including Facebook, led Wall Street in the red on Monday.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average tumbled 335.60 (-1.35 percent) to finish the session at 24,610.91.
The Nasdaq fell 137.74 (-1.84 percent) to close at 7,344.24, while the S&P 500 finished trading at 2,712.92, down 39.09 (-1.42 percent) for the day.
Crude oil prices dipped 0.24 percent to $62 per barrel.
Winners and Losers: Shares of Facebook sunk 6.77 percent as the stock continues to suffer from accusations that Cambridge Analytica mishandled the personal information of more than 50 million Facebook users during the 2016 presidential election. Facebook on Saturday announced it had suspended the data firm.
An activist investor with Sherborne Investors acquired a 5.16 percent stake in Barclays, sending shares 4.85 percent higher.
Copyright © 2018, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
By Jon Wiederhorn
Metallica's performance with Lady Gaga at the GRAMMY's on Sunday (Feb. 12) was one of the explosive highlights of the evening even though frontman James Hetfield's mic wasn't working for much of the song. But at the end of the number, he threw his guitar and kicked over a mic stand. Then he stormed offstage and flipped out.
Related: Watch Metallica & Lady Gaga's GRAMMY Performance with Working Audio
“I haven't seen him like that in 20 years,” drummer Lars Ulrich told James Corden last night on The Late late Show. “I mean, he was livid. I mean, he's aged really well and he's a pretty chill guy, but the first five or 10 minutes in that dressing room was not a lot of fun.”
While GRAMMY champion Adele was able to start her tribute to George Michael again after a technical problem that wasn't an option for Metallica. “In the heat of the battle you're out there you're playing when it's a technical issue you don't really know is it going to the house, do his vocals gong to the truck?” Ulrich said. “Maybe it's the monitors, so you just gotta keep playing.”
To compensate for the technical failure—which was reportedly caused by a stagehand accidentally pulling out the wrong plug—Hetfield sang into Gaga's mic during the show as flames shot up around them and behind Ulrich. And Gaga's stage dive was certainly exciting.
“We fought through it,” Ulrich said. “And, you know, with the fire and Gaga in my lap for a minute at one point, it was just keep going, keep going. keep going. So we just fought through it, and a lot of people said it at least made for great television.”
Hetfield might have been upset about more than the defective mic. Though Metallica was announced to play the GRAMMYs long before it was announced that Gaga would join them, their name was accidentally excluded from the performance introduction by Laverne Cox.
“I know Metallica, so this is the thing—people think that I do not know Metallica,” she told People explains in an apology. “It was on the teleprompter and I was in a moment, and I just thought I said them until afterwards.”
“It was just a mistake,” she added. “I love Metallica, I love metal, and I got into heavy metal actually because a lot of the boys I was interested in back in the day were into metal. It was not me dissing them at all. I love Metallica — I'm so sorry. I apologized to them on Twitter and to all the fans. It was just a mistake. I'm human.”
I am so sorry to #Metallica and all their fans. I am told I didn't say their names during the intro. Love you Metallica. You Rock. #Grammys —
Laverne Cox (@Lavernecox) February 13, 2017
Watch Lars Ulrich on The Late Late Show:
PORTLAND, Ore.— A woman was hospitalized after a tree fell into her home in Corbett. She had upper body injuries and was rushed to the hospital. ODOT has Closed part of the Historic highway between Larch Mt. Road and Bridal Veil. Trees, Rock and other debris have fallen on the road. The National weather Service those winds Gusting to 60 could last through the Day. ODOT will not let crews into the area until the winds die down.
Temperatures at freezing or below have made Multnomah county open its sever weather shelter. Imago Dei Christian Church on SE Ankeny opened at 8:30 last night and will stay open to those who need a warm place through 7 AM This morning.
Tipoff: 7:30 a.m. Monday at Oracle Arena.
TV: CSN Bay Area.
Records: Warriors 29-5, Nuggets 14-19.
Season series: The Warriors won 125-101 on Nov. 10 at Denver as Stephen Curry scored 33 points. Kevin Durant's streak of 20-point games ended at 72. Backup center JaVale McGee came off the bench for 10 points in 15 minutes against his former team. He was very active at both ends of the floor. Most notable were his two blocked shots and his willingness to run the floor in transition.
Warriors update: Durant had 19 points, 11 rebounds and 10 assists Friday night in Golden State's 108-99 triumph over Dallas at Oracle Arena. That's his first triple-double as a Warrior. Klay Thompson helped put that game away by scoring 17 of his 29 points in the third quarter as the Warriors took a 91-69 lead into the fourth quarter. … Since having that 72-game streak of 20-point games ended in the last Denver meeting, Durant has had four more games under 20. … Golden State is 2-0 so far on this five-game homestand. They have won nine of 10, 13 of 15 and 25 of 28.
Nuggets update: Denver had won two in a row and five of seven before Friday night's 124-122 home loss to the Philadelphia 76ers. Coach Michael Malone said that he thought his team lost focus as early as the Friday morning shootaround. … Nuggets 7-foot center Jusuf Nurkic hasn't started since Dec. 12 as forward Wilson Chandler has taken his spot in the lineup for the past eight games. Nurkic has had four DNP-CDs in that stretch. Chandler is averaging a career-high 16.2 points per game. … The Nuggets feature a balanced scoring attack with six players averaging between 16.2 points (Chandler) and 12.4 points (Nikola Jokic). … Gary Harris has recovered from a foot injury, and in eight games since his return has averaged 14.6 points per game. … In his past three games, Jokic is averaging 21.7 points, 8.3 rebounds and 6.3 assists while shooting 26 for 41 (63.4 percent).
Things to watch: Denver leads the league in rebound differential at plus-6.9 and is second in offensive rebounding percentage at 28.3 percent. … The Warriors did a much better job avoiding turnovers against Dallas, committing only 13. More of the same should be in store tonight against a Nuggets team that forces only 11.4 turnovers per game, second-worst in the league. Denver is 28th in the league in steals at 6.5 per game.
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
MIAMI (CBSMiami) – You can truly leave the world behind at Miami Spa Month now in its 11th year.
Miami Spa Month features 38 participating spas throughout Miami -Dade County.
Yes, its prime pampering time during the heat of the summer!
“Miami Spa Month is actually 2 months, July and August, and you get to choose from 38 participating spas offering a 30 percent discount or more,” said Janel Sierra, Marketing Manager at the Greater Miami Convention and Visitors Bureau.
Treatments are broken down into three price points, $109, $139 and $199.
At Ame Spa and Wellness Collective at Turnberry Isle Miami, it's all about getting your relax on. The spa recently underwent a $2.5 million renovation (the hotel is currently under a $175 million redevelopment). The spa features a full menu of state of the art treatments.
“Total we have 15 treatments — 6 facials 4 massages and the rest are all alternative treatments,” said Vanessa Viadero, Director of Marketing.
Alternative treatments like the sensory deprivation tank.
“It's a salt chamber tank. You float for an hour. It stops all your senses, there's sound therapy and there is no pressure on joints for an hour. It's amazing,” Vanessa said.
One particular massage is called the Fijian Ritual.
“This is in our ritual room it's the $199 price point. You get 100 minutes of treatment. 20 minutes of milk soak, then 30-minute scrub and then 60 minutes massage and head massage and foot scrub, so you're in here a for a while and its totally worth it,” Vanessa said.
Over on Miami Beach at Lapis Spa at the Fontainebleau the menu features some 2 dozen treatments everything from water treatments. Massage, facials and more.
And this year most of the spas are offering more than just the treatment you went in for.
“The great thing about this year is all the spas are adding on, so you can get your treatments but you can also make it a day,” Janel explained.
That also includes use of other amenities such as pool and beach.
You can search out all services and spas at http://www.miamispamonthom .
Miami Spa Month is on now until August 31st.
Ransomware Shockwaves Emphasise Importance of Data Recovery
In this article we examine the strategic shortcomings that led to WannaCry's high profile spread and impact
This article is sponsored by Commvault
In May 2017 the now notorious WannaCry ransomware cryptoworm made headlines around the world. More than 200,000 systems across 150 countries are estimated to have been affected which, at time of writing, has yielded the criminals 50.4 bitcoins in ransom, approximately USD 115,000 depending on the current market value of bitcoin. Whilst this is a far smaller total amount than initially feared, it does not reflect the far greater cost caused by disruption to organisations worldwide.
This disruption caused to organisations such as the UK's National Health Service, which was unable to access its clinical systems and had to revert to pen and paper, brings to light the importance companies must put on protecting their data, which serves as the heartbeat of every organisation.
Now as the dust settles, it is the ideal time to examine the strategic shortcomings that led to WannaCry's high profile spread and impact. Whilst the swiftly released patch certainly helped protect systems, and later a killswitch was accidentally discovered which neutered the cryptoworm, these are just tactical responses to one specific attack. Instead it is important to focus on the strategic causes and solutions, so that organisations will have a better chance of preventing similar incidents in the future and help minimise disruption.
Examining the Response to WannaCry
Following the outbreak, IT security organisations worldwide issued warnings to companies and users about the threat. As the news spread, IT security leaders scrambled to patch their vulnerable systems and contain the infection where possible. Then as often happens following high profile cybersecurity incidents, IT department sent out warning emails to employees to beware of suspicious links, emails and attachments.
There are several problems here.
Working backwards, let's start with the “security awareness raising” aspect of the response.
In short, simple email reminders to employees are an insufficient response. By their very nature, ransomware attacks will always try to disguise themselves as legitimate emails, links or attachments and inevitably, users will get duped.
Now that's not to say that IT security awareness raising is pointless, it definitely has an effect and it's worth doing given that, as everybody knows, users are the weakest link. However this effort must be done regularly, as part of a strategic approach, rather than just an ad hoc response to a specific incident.
Keep in mind though, WannaCry was not primarily spread via email attachments as originally reported. This might be a surprise to some readers because most people associate ransomware with dubious links and naïve users. On the contrary, according to malware analysis experts Malware Labs:
1 2 3 Next Page
I Have Had Just 10 Girlfriends
"First of all I will not allow a biopic be made on my life. And I've had just 10 girlfriends in my life, so it won't be so entertaining."
I Am Not Tharki
Ranbir Kapoor added, ‘'I like love stories. I am more on the romantic side not tharki."
On Working With His Rumoured Ex Sonam, Ranbir Said
''Sonam and I had worked on Saawariya 11 years ago. It had released 10 years ago, but we had worked on it for two years. After that we never got the opportunity to work together. Sonam is the same, she hasn't changed a bit since we assisted on Black''
The Only Thing That Has Changed
''Her personality is the same. She looks the same, no she has lost a lot weight after Black. So she looks the same as she had in Saawariya. The only thing that has changed in her is that she has become an even better actress.''
Both Of Us Enjoyed Working Together
''So when I worked with her, the kind of confidence that she came in with, the kind of experience she came with in these 10 years; I think both of us really enjoyed working with each other."
About Anushka Sharma's Role In The Movie
Rajkumar Hirani revealed, "Anushka Sharma is basically me and Vidhu Vinod Chopra in the movie. She plays a biographer in the movie.''
Sanju Tells His Story
‘'Sanju narrates her his story and tries to convince her to write a book on him. But the twist is that she does not want to write it!''
In Real Life
''Sanju was telling me and Vidhu his story and convincing us to showcase everything in the film. But we have to make a film short and crisp, so we had to cut out few portions. We were also like biographers. So Anushka is basically me and Vidhu while making Sanju."
They've teased us for months and jawed back and forth for MUCH longer, but the fight is finally on!
After months of speculation, the only man to ever hold two UFC championships simultaneously Conor McGregor will fight boxing legend Floyd Mayweather will throw down August 26 in Las Vegas in a boxing match.
THE FIGHT IS ON. pic.twitter.com/KhW0u3jRft — Conor McGregor (@TheNotoriousMMA) June 14, 2017
McGregor is 21-3 in his MMA career, and has won 8 of his last 11 fights via Knockout or TKO. Mayweather is a perfect 49-0 in his career, but has not fought since 2015 when he retired after defeating Andre Berto. Mayweather said in March, however, that he was “officially out of retirement for Conor McGregor.”
The fight will be contested at 154 pounds.
Via People
Follow JT on Facebook, Instagram, and Twitter
RENTON, Wash. — Before he left town a few weeks ago after working out for the Seahawks, Brandon Marshall picked up a little bit of Seattle-related gear at the airport.
He was that confident an opportunity to continue his career was going to happen with the Seahawks.
"I went in there and bought a couple of things, some shirts, socks because I knew that moment was going to happen. I felt good about the workout," Marshall said.
Marshall became the latest addition to the Seahawks when he signed a one-year deal Wednesday and was immediately on the field as Seattle continued its second week of OTAs. Marshall displayed some of that gear he bought when he announced on social media his intent to sign with the Seahawks.
His work was limited in his first day, understandably, but it was a sign of how quickly Marshall wants to get this latest — maybe last — phase of his career started.
Marshall is coming off an abbreviated 2017 season where he was limited to five games with the New York Giants due to an ankle injury that required surgery. He was due to make $5 million this season with New York but was released by the Giants in mid-April. At age 34, Marshall said he didn't have many options after he was released.
"I think the sentiment around the league is that I'm done. And I get it, rightfully so, when you get on the other side of 30 and your production slips and you have a big injury. People count you out," Marshall said. "It was an interesting process. It was a humbling process."
While Marshall had his ankle repaired surgically, he also had surgery on his toe for an injury suffered during the 2015 season while with the New York Jets. The combination of procedures extended Marshall's recovery, and it was only just before being released by the Giants that he was able to progress beyond just rehabilitation from the surgeries.
Marshall said he was originally going to wait until he retired to have the toe surgery.
"That's the thing that took the longest. Right when I was released from the Giants, probably a few days later I was able to run pain free. I was able to run routes and do things and train while rehabbing, but it wasn't pain free. ... I've been working ever since. I feel good. I don't feel great. Obviously I've got a lot of catching up to do."
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Neil Warnock has taken a pop at Reading after he was sent off during Cardiff's 2-2 draw at Madejski Stadium.
The 69-year-old was dismissed by referee Stephen Martin after questioning one of his calls midway through the second half.
The decision was greeted with a chorus of cheers from home supporters, who are never shy of showing their true emotions for the Yorkshireman.
Warnock explained what happened in his post-match press conference, even taking aim at Royals in the process.
He said: "I've been in the game 37 years and I've never been sent off for something like this.
"He gave a free-kick against Callum Paterson and when you look at it never should have been, it should've been our free-kick.
"I said to the fourth official - who's an experienced man, I've said a lot of good things about him in the past - I said “he's arched his back”, it's similar to one in the first half. I find it amazing.
"I'm 69-years-old and I've never been sent off for anything as trivial as that.
"The fans might have enjoyed it. Someone usually gets sent off when I'm at Reading so it was my turn tonight."
(Image: Get Reading)
An own goal by Paterson and Mo Barrow's sixth goal of the season opened up a 2-0 lead for Royals in the match.
But Joe Bennett's volley gave the Bluebirds hope before Lee Tomlin struck in stoppage time.
And when asked where he watched the final quarter of the match, Warnock responded: "They said I'll take you to the directors' box and I said are you joking?
"This is Reading. I'm not going anywhere near their fans!
"I said I'll watch it on my phone but I couldn't get 3G in the dressing room.
"I ended up going in the TV section with a few of the guys and when we got the first goal they shot off.
"I saw the second goal and obviously celebrated running around the little room on my own."
Don't forget you can keep track of all the Reading FC news on the getreading website and through Jonathan Low's Twitter account @jonathanl50 .
You can also stay up to date with news through Jonathan's Facebook page .
McKenzie, Tenn. – Funeral services for Bobby Gene Russell, 63, are Tuesday, January 3, 2017 at 11:00 a.m. at McKenzie Church of Christ. The family will receive friends on Monday, January 2, 2017 from 5:00 p.m. until 8:00 p.m. and Tuesday, January 3, 2017 10: a.m. until service time – all at the church. Mr. Russell a plant superintendent for Keco / Windy Hill died Saturday, December 31,
Mr. Russell a plant superintendent for Keco / Windy Hill died Saturday, December 31, 2016 at his residence. He was a member of McKenzie Church of Christ, where he also served as an elder. He was born in McKenzie, Tenn. to Virgil “Demp” and Genola Bridges Russell. He was preceded in death by his parents, brother, James Russell and son-in-law, Chad Turman.
Survivors include his wife of forty-three years, Joyce Turner Russell of McKenzie, daughters, Brandy Turman of McKenzie and Laura Lee of McKenzie, two sons, Josh Russell of Greenville, South Carolina and John David Russell of McKenzie, two sisters, Gayron Lyles of Charlotte, North Carolina and Judy Cagle of Robinsonville, Mississippi, a brother, Virgil Russell of Houston, Texas, five grandchildren, Russell Turman, Grayce Turman, Hannah Lee, Addyson Lee and Kamden Lee.
Brummitt – McKenzie Funeral Home is in charge of arrangements. For more information please call (731) 352-4848 or visit ww.brummittmckenziefuneralhome.com.
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
COCONUT CREEK (CBSMiami) – Improving school safety was the focus Tuesday of a special commission which met Tuesday in Coconut Creek.
The Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School Public Safety Commission convened for the first time at the OMNI Auditorium, on the campus of Broward College North.
The commission, which is within the Florida Department of Law Enforcement, was formed to identify and address information from the Douglas High shooting, and other mass violent incidents in the state, and make recommendations and system improvements.
The fathers of two students who died in the Douglas High shooting are on the commission.
Ryan Petty is the father of Alaina Petty. He played an integral role in ensuring the Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School Public Safety Act moved through the Florida Legislature.
Andrew Pollack is the father of Meadow Pollack. Following the shooting, Pollack met with local, state, and federal officials, including Governor Scott, to help create a plan to keep our schools safe.
Follow @insidefutbol
Liverpool striker Danny Ings has thanked everybody at the club for helping and supporting him during his time out and now he hopes to take the next step forward to make his comeback for the first team.
The 25-year-old striker is close to making his comeback as he took to the field for the Under-23 side at Swansea City on Friday and scored after just eleven minutes.
The England international has been a long-term injury absentee for the Reds, with his latest one coming late last October when he suffered an impact injury to his right knee, forcing him to undergo surgery.
However, Ings now hopes to extend his stay at the top level, insisting that he doesn't want anybody to feel sorry for him as injuries are part and parcel of the game.
“I don't want anybody to feel sorry for me”, Ings told his club's official website.
“At the end of the day, it was an injury and they're part of the game. They happen to a hell of lot of people, especially nowadays with how fast the games are.
“The only thing I want from people is patience, which I have had in unbelievable levels and everyone has been so positive.
"I am where I want to be at this moment in time, but there's still a lot of hard graft left for me to do before I am back to where I'm striving to get to.
“Things don't just happen overnight for you.
"I know football can change overnight, but when you've had such a bad injury you've got to be really careful that you don't try to do too much and pick up little setbacks, so I'll keep taking it step-by-step until I get there.
“Everybody has been great in helping and supporting me to this point – and I am ready to go now and take those next steps.”
It remains to be seen if Ings is in Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp's plans this season, or whether the Reds look to send him out on loan to build up his game time.
The Broome County Health Department is one of four counties in the state to receive funding from the New York State Department of Health to help build local health department capacity for opioid overdose prevention.
"The Health Department is very excited to receive additional funds, some of this will be going to support some of the programs that we did implement this year such as the Peer Response Team," said Rebecca Kaufman, Broome County Public Health Director.
In total, the county has been awarded the Prescription Drug Overdose Prevention Program Grant which gives $100,000 split over the course of two years.
Broome County has received a 2-year $50,000 grant from the NYS Dept. of Heath to expand resources to fight the opioid crisis. @wicztv pic.twitter.com/WmfNxRzQ0Y — Amanda Pitts WICZ (@AmandaPittsTV) February 2, 2018
Broome County is working with the New York State Opioid Overdose Prevention Program staff to determine how to use the money. The Health Department says one of the goals of this initiative is to improve community engagement and to promote active learning around opioid overdose prevention.
"Any additional resources that we can receive through the county is a wonderful thing if we reach out and we save one life, we've accomplished something, so I'm very excited about the grant," said Susan Wheeler, Lost Daughter to Overdose. In August of 2016, Wheeler's only daughter, Morgan overdosed on heroin and died at the age of 25.
Other potential intervention strategies include:
Engaging providers in improving opioid prescribing practices.
Increasing access and reduce barriers to medication-assisted treatment.
Encourage effective provider mentoring mechanisms such as preceptorships to support to clinicians.
Expanding the Peer Response Program to strengthen referral mechanisms with hospital emergency rooms, emergency services, law enforcement, parole, drug court, and other potential venues.
Promoting a harm reduction approach in the provision of services to people who have substance use disorders.
Reducing the stigma associated with substance use disorders.
Broome County Executive Jason Garnar also officially announced April 1, 2018, as the opening day at the new Drug Treatment Facility.
Actor Kriti Sanon believes there is more insecurity in the acting profession but the only way to survive in the industry is to go with the flow and understand that nothing lasts forever.
An engineering graduate, Kriti became a model before debuting as an actor with “Heropanti” in 2014.
She has since featured in films such as “Dilwale”, “Raabta” and “Bareilly Ki Barfi”.
“There is insecurity and competitiveness here, but that is in every field. Maybe it's a little bit more here, but that's the kind of job I've chosen for myself. The best way is to go with the flow, be true to yourself and put your 100 per cent, so you don't regret not doing something you could have,” Kriti told PTI.
The actor says rather than focusing on quantity, one should do a film for the right reasons.
“I realise that success and failure both don't last for too long, you are as good or bad as your last film. It's very important to choose the film for the right reason. It's important to balance things out and not get stuck in one kind of cinema or genre.
“As an actor, it not only helps me grow but also gives the audience to see a different version of you. I've always tried to do that.”
The 27-year-old actor, who is the brand ambassador for education New Zealand, launched scholarships and Masters campaign for Indian students at an event last evening.
Kriti, who holds a B Tech degree, says learning is a constant in life as that helps one to evolve.
“I'm learning something new every single day while playing different characters. Like, I am learning about my own processes, what works and doesn't work for me. With every director, actor you imbibe certain things, learn about the technicalities of filmmaking, especially when you are an outsider.”
Kriti is excited about her line up of films. She has “Arjun Patiala” with Diljit Dosanjh, “Lukka Chuppi” co-starring Kartik Aryan, the comedy franchise “Houseful 4” and Ashutosh Gowariker's period drama “Panipat” featuring Arjun Kapoor and Sanjay Dutt.
All these films, Kriti says, will keep her on her toes as they are remarkably different from each other.
“‘Arjun Patiala' had a north Indian dialect, ‘Lukka Chuppi' is based in Mathura so it has that dialect and for ‘Panipat', I'll have to learn Marathi to get that dialect because I play a Marathi princess and ‘Houseful' has two different eras, exploring that in one film will be exciting and different,” she says.
By Rebecca Zamer/Joe Cingrana
As you can see, this baby Masai giraffe who arrived with a six foot fall out of mother Milenna simply wouldn't give up trying to take its first steps right after being born. The 148 pound, 6 foot, three-inch tall baby giraffe finally got up and was able to stand on his own after a little encouragement from mom.
Milenna birthed the calf, who is yet to be named, at the Brevard Zoo in Melbourne, Florida on March 17th after approximately 13-15 months gestation — a considerably longer time spent in the womb than most animals, topped only by the Walrus, Orca, Sperm Whale and both the Asian and African Elephant.
The baby will now spend its days bonding with mom before joining the zoo's tower (yes that's the name for a group of giraffes!) of nine giraffes who live at the park in the next few weeks.
“Every birth is incredibly significant, but giraffe births are especially awe-inspiring,” said Michelle Smurl, the Zoo's director of animal programs. “We're thrilled to share this moment with the world.”
Keep up with all of the incredible wildlife at the Brevard Zoo by following along on Facebook, Instagram, and Twitter.
Kenya's coffee farmers are going nuts. Prices for unshelled macadamia nuts have doubled so far this season and are now more than triple what producers get for coffee. No surprise, then, that production of coffee is declining and macadamia output has surged to a record.
The main reason for starting Horror Pain Gore Death was to expose bands that I love to the underground and help those bands grow. I've always been a fan of local music and the initial idea behind HPGD really is to expose these Philly area bands to the world, work with up-and-coming bands from around the globe that I love and also reissue classic releases that I personally love to the masses. Very quickly I was approached by bands from all over who were interested in working with HPGD, and things pretty much snowballed from there. I still try to work with Philly-area bands as often as possible but I have an international roster now that is very diverse.
Can you tell us about a couple of your favorite releases you've put out?
One of my earliest and most favorite releases I've done on HPGD is the Lethal Aggression album Ad Nauseum. I was a huge fan of LA from the time Relapse reissued their classic demo and was honored when singer John Saltz (RIP) asked if I wanted to do the album. I was only a few months into the label and this was a huge release for me. Getting to work with Chris Reifert on a 3" mini CD from Eat My Fuk was awesome, I've continued to work with Chris many times through Abscess reissues and with Violation Wound. The Coffins/Spun In Darkness 7" was my first experience with a release selling out really quickly and having to repress. Coffins at that were my favorite active death metal band and i've continued to work with them over the years also.
Some newer bands that have memorable releases for me are Druid Lord (now signed to Hells Headbangers) and Hammer Fight (signed to Napalm Records). I've also had the privilege to reissue the legendary debut album from Deceased, Lesch-Nyhan's classic demo and the Master album Faith Is In Season. I've also done releases with bands like Agathocles, Anatomia and Haemorrhage, all of which are bands I've been a fan of for years.
What do you have coming up that you're looking forward to releasing?
A lot of awesome releases are in the works, I don't want to spill the beans on everything but i'm excited to be working again with bands like Organ Dealer, Violation Wound and Sacrificial Slaughter, and very excited to be working with Birdflesh. Stay tuned to horrorpaingoredeath.com for details! I am also vending Maryland Deathfest inside at Soundstage on Friday this year which will be awesome.
What do you see the future of HPGD being as the label continues to grow?
My one goal for the future of HPGD is to continue releasing music that I love to the world. It's passion over profit for me and I will continue to release music for as long as I can... I didn't imagine the label growing to the size it has now and i'm very proud of the label. Thanks to everyone for the support, and especially to people who still buy CDs and are loyal to the scene. Cheers!
Video
In 1963 the French President, Charles de Gaulle, vetoed Britain's application to join the European Economic Community.
Former British diplomat Juliet Campbell remembers Britain's shock at being rejected.
More from Witness here
The Ministry of Higher Education and Highways yesterday decided to instruct the administration of the South Asian Institute of Technology and Medicine (SAITM) to suspend admission of medical students for a period of six months until the periodic review of its medical degree programme is conducted by the ministry.
Secretary to the Ministry, D.C. Dissanayake said the decision was taken at a meeting with eight Deans of state medical faculties held at the ministry yesterday. Higher Education and Highways Minister Lakshman Kiriella, State Minister of Higher Education Mohan Lal Grero, Chairman of the University Grants Commission Prof. Mohan de Silva, Vice Chairman Prof. P. S. M. Gunaratne and himself participated in the meeting.
Dissanayake said it was also decided to propose that the SAITM students who have passed the final MBBS Examination must undergo a further period of clinical training in Surgery, Medicine, Gynaecology and Obstetrics and Paediatrics, one month each, in a state hospital.
He said at the end of the said period of clinical training the students must pass a licensing examination conducted by the Sri Lanka Medical Council (SLMC).
During next six months, the Ministry of Higher Education and Highways, UGC, SLMC and other stakeholders would develop an operational procedure applicable to non – state medical education, Dissanayake said adding that the deans from eight medical faculties agreed to discuss the said proposals at the SLMC.
(Source: The Island – By Dasun Edirisinghe)
Cargill Inc., the largest privately held corporation in the US, announced that it is working with Nestle Purina and The Nature Conservancy on a three-year water project to improve the sustainability of the beef supply chain. The project partners hope that the initiative will reduce the impact of row crop irrigation in Nebraska and will also provide “a scalable irrigation solution for farmers across the US.” Farmers in Nebraska participating in the project are expected to conserve up to 2.4 billion gallons of irrigation water over three years.
Smart-weather sensor technology will be used in crop fields by the farmers who grow feed for cattle, enabling them to make more informed irrigation decisions. Internet of Things (IoT) technology on sprinklers will be connected to a smart phone app. The project uses Field to Market's FieldPrint Platform to track progress
The partners are also working with Midwest Row Crop Collaborative, a group of companies and conservation organizations focused on boosting farmer-led programs in water conservation, water quality, and soil health in key agricultural states. By engaging the Midwest Row Crop Collaborative, the organizations will be able to share best practices from the Nebraska project with farmers in other regions.
Thirsty Industry
More than 50% of water used in US beef production is dedicated to irrigating the row crops that become feed for cattle. By using new irrigation technology, farmers, can greatly reduce the amount of water needed for row crop irrigation and improve the environmental impact of the beef supply chain, the companies say.
This project builds upon the success of a 2014 pilot in Western Nebraska, which studied irrigation patterns and examined the impact on watersheds.
Leading a big band is not for the faint of heart.
For San Jose drummer Gabby Horlick, there's simply no musical experience that equals the high of driving an orchestra, but only her dogged determination has enabled her to maintain a steady supply of brass.
As the founder and leader of the 7th Street Big Band, she's continued to wrangle an impressive cast of young players since the 17-piece orchestra's inaugural 2014 performance at City Lights Theater in San Jose. In February the band released a hard-charging debut album, “Off Cinderella Lane,” a project that showcases a diverse array of grooves far beyond the foundational jazz pulse known as swing.
For an engagement this weekend at the Tabard Theatre in San Jose, the 7th Street Big Band is changing up more than the rhythms. Presented by Tabard Events, the concerts showcase some of the South Bay's most exciting vocalists, with Amy Dabalos, Ren Geisick and Joy Hackett featured on original material written for the ensemble. They'll also provide backup vocals for powerhouse singer Juanita Harris, a founding member of the band.
While Horlick is thrilled that 7th Street is thriving, she notes that there have been some setbacks while pursuing her jazz orchestra dreams.
“This is actually the fourth time I tried to start a big band,” said Horlick, 29. “It usually fell apart because of scheduling conflicts.”
Horlick spoke while taking a brief, Netflix-covered break from her day job as a nanny for two children, ages 2 and 4. Taking care of toddlers, it turns out, provides relevant experience for running a jazz orchestra (tip: provide snacks). In fact, many of the 7th Streeters couldn't buy a beer when they joined the band.
“We are a lot younger than most of the big bands around,” Horlick said. “It's kind of a dying art form, an old man's game. But when we started we had a lot of San Jose State sophomores and freshmen. I'm the second oldest one in the group.”
Age isn't the only thing that sets 7th Street apart from other jazz orchestras. Since she first caught the big-band bug at Overfelt High School, Horlick has often been the only female instrumentalist in an ensemble, give or take a pianist or two, an experience that has left her with thick skin. She's found many male comrades, but also noted that “they can be ruthless.”
She's made a point of keeping an eye out for women players when a 7th Street chair opens up, “And if they're at the same level as the guys who are available, they'll get the gig. As many big bands as I've played in this is the first time I've been in a band with a woman in every single section.”
She's created a strong team within the band, with pianist Nichole Boaz tailoring many of the 7th Street arrangements and bass trombonist Veronica Christie handling the ensemble's social media profile. A key piece of the puzzle was lining up a show-stopping singer, and Horlick knew the ideal candidate.
She first met Juanita Harris about a decade ago when the veteran jazz vocalist performed as guest artist with a band at West Valley College, where Horlick studied for several semesters. They hit it off immediately and Harris started hiring Horlick for small-group gigs (she and several 7 Street players are part of Harris's new all-women sextet, Bitches Brewin').
A versatile performer who luxuriates in ballads and romps through blues, Harris can deliver a Joe Williams/Count Basie number with authority and then turn around and put her stamp on contemporary funk and R&B by Snarky Puppy and Jill Scott.
Harris loves the intimacy of a trio, but “there's nothing like a big band,” she says. “You have the richness of these really deep, lush chords behind you. Singing in front of a bunch of horns strikes something in me so deep. It's euphoria.”
While Harris is the soulful face of the band, 7th Street's musical identity is built on a book of well-crafted arrangements. One of the big hurdles in launching a big band is the time and expense required to generate new charts. In a previous big band that she started Horlick relied on sheet music gleaned from Overfelt High, but 7thStreet's dedicated cast of players wasn't going to hit the studio with widely circulated Stan Kenton charts.
“I wanted to showcase that we're a young group, and eight musicians contributed new pieces to the album,” Horlick said. “Almost everything we play is an original piece or arrangement.”
Contact Andrew Gilbert at jazzscribe@aol.com.
7th STREET BIG BAND
When: 8 p.m. June 1-2
Where: Tabard Theatre, 9 N. San Pedro St., San Jose
Tickets: $30-$42, 408-679-2330, www.tabardtheatre.org
","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["970x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["728x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["57_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["55_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["2_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"}],"other_square_desktop":[{"targeting":{"IOM":["300x600_5000"],"ix_id":["_VY8yOJVM"]},"price":5000,"adm":" certification testing: 5_5000 (1520325519) ","size":[300,600],"partnerId":"IndexExchangeHtb"}]},"page":[]}; } if (typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined" && demand != null) { updateIXrender(demand); } ADTECH.config.page = { protocol: (typeof location.protocol != 'undefined') ? location.protocol.substring(0,location.protocol.indexOf(':')) : 'http', server: 'adserver.adtech.de', network: '1695.1', params: { loc: '100' }};ADTECH.config.placements['video.eurosport.se_other_top_desktop'] = {responsive : { useresponsive: true, bounds: [{id: 'video.eurosport.se_other_top_mobile', min: 0, max: 899 }, {id: 'video.eurosport.se_other_top_tablet', min: 900, max: 1279 },{id: 'video.eurosport.se_other_top_desktop', min: 1280, max: 9999 }]}, sizeid: '2466', fif: {usefif:true, disableFriendlyFlag: true}, params: { target: '_blank' },kv:(typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined") ? Object.assign({"site": "video.eurosport.se","position": "top","page": "video","sport": "57","recurring_event": "561","competition": "457","agency": "16","topic": "9","sponso": "on","content": "1094914","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}, HBKEYVALUES[getHtSlotName("other_top_desktop_sponso_on","other_top_tablet_sponso_on","other_top_mobile_sponso_on")]) : {"site": "video.eurosport.se","position": "top","page": "video","sport": "57","recurring_event": "561","competition": "457","agency": "16","topic": "9","sponso": "on","content": "1094914","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}};ADTECH.enqueueAd('video.eurosport.se_other_top_desktop');ADTECH.executeQueue(); } if (window.headertag != undefined) { window.headertag.retrieveDemand([{htSlotName: getHtSlotName("other_top_desktop_sponso_on","other_top_tablet_sponso_on","other_top_mobile_sponso_on")}], lazyLoadedIX); } else { console.error('Wrapper is not loaded, let\'s just carry on with the request'); lazyLoadedIX(null); } } -->
Four major news organizations have issued corrections in recent days. Still, Sen. Rand Paul on Sunday reiterated his opposition to her nomination.
The role that President Donald Trump's nominee for CIA director had in torturing detainees has become increasingly unclear after a series of influential news organizations backed off stories claiming she'd overseen one suspect's torture in 2002. The recent corrections may increase pressure on the CIA to declassify documents that would explain Gina Haspel's role in the “rendition, detention and interrogation” program that the agency established after 9/11 to hold and brutally question terrorism suspects at secret prisons overseas. Four senators, including Republican Rand Paul of Kentucky, have said they will vote against Haspel. A fifth, Republican John McCain of Arizona, has said Haspel must explain her involvement. Paul stepped up his opposition Sunday, saying on CNN's State of the Union that he would “do whatever it takes, and that includes a filibuster” to block Haspel's confirmation. On CBS's Face the Nation, Paul said, “My main concern about her is that she oversaw an illegal black ops operation in Thailand.” But certainty about her role in the program has been shaken by an extraordinary series of corrections since Thursday; four news organizations, including the New York Times, have amended or retracted articles that said Haspel was in charge of the torture of the first terrorism suspect captured after the Sept. 11 attacks.
The CIA declined a request from two Democratic senators to declassify details about her career in February 2017, when Trump named Haspel the CIA's deputy director. On Thursday, California Sen. Dianne Feinstein made the same request of the CIA, saying senators need information about Haspel's role in the torture program “to fully and fairly review her record and qualifications.” “I also believe the American people deserve to know the actual role of the person nominated to be the director of the CIA played in what I consider to be one of the darkest chapters in American history,” Feinstein, a Democrat, wrote. On Friday, the New York Times corrected a story it published on Feb. 3, 2017, that said in its first sentence that Haspel “oversaw the torture” of two terrorism suspects at a secret CIA prison in Thailand. The correction says that Haspel “oversaw the site” during the torture of one suspect, Abd al-Rahim al-Nashiri, but that she “did not supervise the interrogation and waterboarding” of the other suspect, who's known as Abu Zubaydah; his real name is Zayn al-Abidin Muhammad Husayn. Haspel “arrived at the Thai detention site after Mr. Zubaydah's interrogation had concluded,” the correction states. Abu Zubaydah was the first terror suspect captured after 9/11 when he was taken in Pakistan in March 2002. Both he and al-Nashiri are being held at the detention center for suspected terrorists at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. The correction was published three days after the Times published a profile of Haspel saying that she “arrived to run the [Thai] prison in late October 2002.” The timing is significant because by late October 2002, the Justice Department had fully approved the “enhanced interrogation” techniques the CIA used on terror suspects such as Abu Zubaydah. It is not known publicly what other positions Haspel has held in her 33-year CIA career. The Thai site was closed in December 2002. Haspel's defenders, including former CIA director John Brennan, a harsh critic of Trump, have made the point that the torture program had received legal approval from the Justice Department in mid-2002. Brennan told MSNBC last week that Haspel did her job “consistent with what CIA's legal authorities were. And don't forget that the detention interrogation program was authorized by the president of the United States [George W. Bush] and deemed lawful by the Department of Justice.” President Barack Obama ended the program in 2009. On the same day as the Times' correction, the Associated Press corrected stories it had written about Haspel early last week saying that she had overseen the Thai prison from 2003 to 2005. The correction noted that the Thai prison closed in December 2002. ProPublica, an investigative online news organization, and the Atlantic also corrected stories about Haspel.
The corrections leave open the question of Haspel's role in interrogating al-Nashiri. The Times' latest story says he arrived at the Thai detention site in November 2002, when Haspel was at the site and was waterboarded three times. Al-Nashiri is accused of being the mastermind of the bombing of the USS Cole while it was docked in Yemen in 2000. Senators also remain interested in Haspel's role in the CIA's destruction in 2005 of videotapes showing detainees being tortured. Haspel wrote a cable to her boss, Jose Rodriguez, requesting that the tapes be destroyed. But numerous top CIA officials have said the decision to destroy the tapes was made by Rodriguez, and former CIA deputy director Michael Morell wrote in 2017 that Haspel drafted the cable “at the request of her direct supervisor [Rodriguez] and believing that it was lawful to do so.” “I personally led an accountability exercise that cleared Haspel of any wrongdoing in the case,” Morrell wrote. Maine Independent Sen. Angus King, a member of the Senate Intelligence Committee, said on Face the Nation Sunday that he was “very, very troubled” by the destruction of the tapes. “I think the CIA should declassify as much surrounding this circumstance as possible, so she can answer these questions in an open setting, and the American people can understand what the context was,” said King.
Thomas Frank is an FBI reporter at BuzzFeed News. He is based in Washington, DC. Contact Thomas Frank at thomas.frank@buzzfeed.com. Got a confidential tip? Submit it here.
News moves fast. Keep up with the BuzzFeed News daily email! Sign up Great! You're almost there! Check your inbox and confirm your subscription now!
Donald Trump's love of manufacturing is misguided
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
It is with heavy hearts and great sadness that we announce the passing of Harry Dale LeJeune on Saturday, June 10, 2017, at his home. He was 71. A Mass of Christian Burial will be celebrated at 3 p.m. on Tuesday, June 13, at St. Joseph Catholic Church in Iota. Burial will follow with Father Thierry, celebrant.
A loving father, brother, uncle and friend, Harry Dale will truly be missed by all the lives he touched. He enjoyed watching Westerns and loved to talk. He previously worked as a truck driver and was proud of his career. He is survived by his daughter, Jeanette Hebert of Iota; brother, Raymond LeJeune and wife, Julie of Estherwood; sisters, Gertha-Lou Hebert of Iota and Gertrude Manuel of Jennings; as well as nephews, nieces, extended family and friends. He is also survived by three grand-dogs, Haleaux, Gema and Dixie.
He is preceded in death by his parents, Iran and Evala Lee LeJeune; and brother, Anthony Bruce LeJeune.
At the request of the family, visitation was held at Ardoin's Funeral Home in Iota on Monday, June 12, from 2 p.m. until services on Tuesday, June 13. Deacon Leger will recite a Rosary at 7 p.m. Tuesday evening.
Family and friends may view this obituary and sign the guest book at www.ardoinfuneralhomes.com.
Ardoin's Funeral Home of Iota, 840 Howard Street, (337)779.3083 is in charge of arrangements.
August 27, 1965-November 20, 2017
Cynthia Jeanette Bradford, beloved by many, passed away suddenly the morning of November 20, 2017, at the age of 52, from anaphylactic shock. She was born August 27, 1965, in Cedar City, Utah, and was raised by loving parents, Richard and Barbara Batt.
Cindy graduated with honors from Parowan High School in 1983. After graduation, she attended Southern Utah State College where she again earned high honors, as well as an Associates Degree of Applied Science in 1985.
She married her eternal sweetheart, Kelly Barton Bradford, in the St. George Temple of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints in June of 1985. She lived the last 30 years in Blanding, Utah, where she shared her love and many talents with family and friends. She spent her days loyally caring for her husband, children and eventually her grandchildren.
Cindy radiated love and acceptance and had the ability to make fast friends with everyone she met. She brought life into every room with her beautiful smile and laughter. Cindy had the voice of an angel and readily used her talent to bless many with her heavenly gift, from singing lullabies to her children to leading the music in sacrament meeting.
When Cindy wasn't inside her home or making wonderful meals, you could find her digging and planting in her amazing garden, day or night.
Cindy was a lifelong member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints and continuously and faithfully served in various callings. Her most recent calling was serving as Primary president at the White Mesa Branch. She loved serving others and especially loved teaching and singing with the Primary children.
Cindy will be greatly missed by her husband, Kelly; their five children and their spouses: Charles (Heidi) Bradford, Mandy (Tyrel) Wilcox, Spencer (Kayden) Bradford, Logan (Ashlee) Bradford, and Porter Bradford, who is currently serving in the Ukrain K'viv Mission.
She is survived by her parents, Richard and Barbara Batt; older brother Rich (Sherri) Batt; and younger sister Rachel Batt. She left behind nine precious grandchildren. She will shortly send off one more sweet grandchild from Heaven.
The much anticipated Gopichand starrer Pantham is all set to hit the screens on Jul 5, 2018, and the pre-release event of the movie was held over the weekend in Hyderabad. Despite coming with formidable and unique scripts, the tall and handsome actor isn't quite able to convert them into a box office success. The fate of Pantham will be known on Jul 5, while the response and mindset of the team were known during the pre-release event.
Some excerpts from the event:
K Chakravarthy
Thanking and welcoming all the directors who had graced the event, Chakravarthy thanked his entire cast and crew for being together as a pillar of support. He abundantly thanked by the producer and the hero for granting him such a great opportunity.
Radha Mohan
Claiming Pantham to be a prestigious flick, Mohan was happy to call this association to be lucky for himself as it happens to be the 25th flick of actor Gopichand. He wished fans in the domestic and overseas market would appreciate and embrace the flick.
YSR
Wishing his mentor, Puri Jagannadh from the dais, the happening comedian thanked Gopichand for granting him such a good life. YSR brought in Suma during his speech and made her mouth all the 24 movie titles of Gopichand.
Prudhvi Raj
Reminiscing the days of Loukyam, Raj thanked Gopichand for such an extended character in the movie and called him a man with a fighter spirit who doesn't give up his perseverance. Calling him a great actor who balances both physical discipline and behavioural discipline, the comedian wished a massive success to the movie, Gopichand, Radha Mohan & Chakravarthy.
Puri Jagannadh
The director of Mass Elevation Scenes wished to associate with Gopichand for one more movie in the future. Golimar was the movie which had brought both the said actor and director together and Puri remembered his dedication and hard work levels. He stated that he was ready to work with Gopi at any point in time.
Siruthai Siva
Ajith's favourite director, Siva, thanked Gopi abundantly as it was him who played a major role in transforming Siva's career from being a cameraman to a director. Without any tantrums, Gopichand had okayed Siva's script which later moulded to be Souryam. Siva attributed his success and life to Gopi and wished the actor just the best in his life.
Jayam Raja
The Thani Oruvan director was proud to identify himself as Editor Mohan's son than calling the legendary editor as Raja & Ravi's father. A family friend of Gopichand, Raja shared his camaraderie, with Gopi's father and brother. He shared that Gopi has directorial skills and that was very much visible during the making of Tamil version of Jayam.
Prasad Murella
Speaking on stage for the first time, Prasad, owed his stage presence to Gopichand. He was respected and given a chance to narrate a script to Gopichand and that was possible only because of the latter's patience and belief on the former.
Gopichand
An emotional speech was given by the talented actor who started it by thanking all his directors. He thanked his initial movie's producer, Muthyala Subbaiah for granting him such a celluloid life.
Gopichand passed on lion's share of credit to producer KK Radhamohan and director, K Chakravarthy Reddy, for the overall shape of the movie. Lyric writer and music directors were praised and encouraged by the actor for their overall contribution to Pantham. Gopi had some special words for Suma's anchoring and her memory power too.
Pantham stars Gopichand, Mehreen Pirzada, Hamsa Nandini, Sampath Raj, Jayaprakash Reddy, Sayaji Shinde, Pavitra Lokesh, Ajay, Prudhvi Raj and others.
John Bryan's 46 led the Commanders over nine holes while Skyler Pirtle put in a 54, Mitch Pelham 55 and Corbin Alexander 64. Spencer Sorce's 70 didn't count toward the team score.
In the girls' match, Friendship's Julianna Roath fired a 52, losing by one stroke.
An under-par performance from visitors Teversal allowed Graham Street Prims to pick up their first points of the season with a comfortable 2-1 victory in their East Midlands Counties League Premier Division clash on Saturday.
After a slow start, Sanders' free kick for Prims found Morrow to head back across the Teversal six yard box, but the visitors guarded their goal in an assured manner in the first attack of note.
The swirling strong breeze was a hindrance to both sides with one pass holding up and the next being over-hit, making for a scrappy affair.
On 19 minutes the hosts took the lead after a needless free kick was conceded by the visitors out towards their right and midway in their half.
Sanders stepped up to whip an innocuous low free kick that somehow found its way into the penalty area where Joss Walmsley guided an effort that was slow and spinning out of the reach of Turton to spin in close to the post to the delight of Prims.
Dean Short was looking for a reaction from his Tevie troops, who at best had been lacklustre.
They started to have a little more possession but without any creating any pressure on the hosts.
However, on 34 minutes Prims deservedly doubled their lead when Ball's long punt found Dallison.
His csuperb first touch saw the striker turn and break away to leave Lavelle in his wake as he broke to clinically finish past the stranded Turton with an excellent individual effort that turned out to be the highlight of the game.
Prims were quite pleased to maintain that lead and simply put numbers behind the ball, waiting for the misplaced pass to clear their lines while looking dangerous on the break.
The disappointing thing for the visitors was they didn't appear to have any urgency or creativeness to create something different with Bamford having an effort blocked after the home side failed to clear the initial free kick.
The second half started much brighter for Teversal with Bamford and Fletcher having efforts from distance in the early exchanges.
But they failed to test Sharpe in the home goal with Prims happy to sit back and hit the visitors on the break.
The lack of adventure from Prims saw the half soon drift into a low-tempo affair similar to a pre-season game.
The fact was the weather wasn't that hot and the game was far more than a pre-season game added up to low entertainment value.
The game became scrappy with both sides committing numerous fouls and unacceptable jostling.
On 68 minutes Teversal's Cockerill received the ball in a dangerous area. The substitute couldn't get the ball out of his feet to have a go but did pick out Bamford, who managed to get a shot away that cleared the bar.
Teversal caused the home side some concerns when they failed to clear Bamford's free kick. Bamford broke into the penalty area but guided his effort wide.
That was followed by Marrows going down under a Bacon challenge that could and possibly should have been a penalty.
The unsporting behaviour then finally had a casualty.
Thankfully it wasn't for an injury when Scard's dangerous challenge on McCann saw the ball spin away with McCann then making a rash challenge on Johnson.
As the Tevie man stood over Johnson, Ball took the law into his own hands by pushing and throwing a punch at McCann.
After the melee settled the referee had no option but to award a red card to Ball and McCann picked up a yellow for the dangerous challenge.
The game moved into added on time and, with the loss of Ball from the home side's defence seeing them under more pressure, they had an air of desperation about them.
That was added to when in the second minute of five added on, Cockerill's corner found Wilkinson to guide a headed effort across Sharpe and in at the far post to make it 2-1.
But the game finished without any notable events or threat to deny Prims their first three points of the season.
In a poor game by any standard, Teversal were taught a lesson that if you don't turn up, you will get beat.
That is what happened in a game that will soon fade from the memory of all who witnessed it.
Teversal return to Carnarvon Street to face Blaby & Whetstone Athletic in the East Midlands Counties League Premier Division on Tuesday night with a 7.45pm kick off.
GRAHAM STREET PRIMS: Keaton Sharpe, Joss Walmsley (Morgan Hallas 75), Oliver Ball, Jak Kenworthy, Jordan Kelly, George Johnson, Jordan Sanders, James Gladwin (Toby McCabe 51), Kurt Dallison, Kevin Morrow, Brad Scard. Subs Not Used; Callum Holler.
TEVERSAL: Josh Turton, Luke Bacon, James Travis, Tom Laister, Sam Lavelle, Brett Watson, James McCann, Matt Wilkinson, Danny Fletcher (Dave Cockerill 63), Josh Radford (Joe Geeson 63), Kurt Bamford. Subs Not Used; Dean Short, Craig Charlesworth.
REFEREE: Mehul Karia.
ATTENDANCE: 42.
TEVERSAL MAN OF MATCH: Kurt Bamford.
A ship run by the Spanish Proactive Open Arms charity carrying 60 migrants has arrived in Barcelona.
It's the second ship to dock in Spain recently, after Italy and Malta closed their ports to boats carrying migrants.
There are various nationalities on board including Palestinians, Syrians and Guineans.
The Head of the Mission says the passengers are delighted to finally reach land after four days on board.
Head of Mission for Open Arms, Guillermo Canardo says, "The conditions are good, we have a medical team on board, they're checking everybody, they are happy because they are going to Europe, they have the hope to start a new life, but at the same time, the people suffered a lot of pain in Libya."
It comes after the first ship, the Aquarius landed at Valencia two and a half weeks ago with around 630 migrants.
They'd been at sea for over a week and were at the centre of tensions in Europe over the migration policy.
VANCOUVER, BC--(Marketwired - February 15, 2017) - CB Gold Inc. (TSX VENTURE: CBJ) is pleased to announce the acquisition of a strategic block of six exploitation mining concessions totalling 126 hectares in the prolific California-Vetas Gold District located in Santander, Colombia. The six properties, which collectively comprise the California Gold Project, are adjacent to and along strike from concessions which contain La Bodega gold deposit currently being developed by Mubadala Development. The last public NI 43-101 Technical Report for La Bodega was issued by Ventana Gold dated effective November 8, 2010 and reported an Inferred resource of 3.47M ounces of gold.1
One of the acquired concessions was previously optioned by Calvista Gold which conducted a nine hole diamond drill program during 2011 and 2012. These results were incorporated in a NI 43-101 Technical Report on the California Gold Project dated effective October 11, 2012 and included intercepts:2
Table 1: California Gold Project Drill Intersections
Hole From (m) To (m) Width (m) Au (g/t) DDH-31 144.78 146.30 1.52 12.29 DDH-31 182.88 184.40 1.52 10.36 DDH-34 377.95 381.00 3.05 12.08 DDH-35 28.95 36.57 7.61 9.85 DDH-36 35.05 48.76 13.71 5.93 DDH-37 425.19 426.72 1.53 10.58
CB Gold plans to advance the California Gold Project toward economic feasibility by the delineation of high-grade vein resources exploitable by modern underground mining methods. This work will initially involve compiling existing data, detailed underground mapping of existing mine workings, detailed underground channel sampling, and prioritizing targets for subsequent drifting along with surface and underground diamond drilling as soon as possible.
The California Gold Project is located approximately ten kilometres from CB Gold's existing Vetas Gold Project, potentially resulting in operational synergies including processing at a central mill.
Transaction
CB Gold has an option to purchase 100% of six exploitation mining concessions from local miners for consideration of US $5,683,764 and US $7,561,746 which is payable in shares of CB Gold. Initial payments of US $345,127 and $501,626 payable in shares of CB Gold are due upon closing. The balance of the payments are due over a two year period subsequent to title transfer. An additional payment is due three years from the date of title transfer equivalent to 1.5% of the value of gold and silver Measured and Indicated resources included in a NI 43-101 Technical Report.
About the California Gold Project
The California Gold Project comprises 126 hectares within the prolific California-Vetas Gold District, which also contains the multi-million ounce La Bodega and Angostura gold deposits. The property is located approximately 55 kilometres northeast of Bucaramanga, which is the capital of the Department of Santander in Colombia. Elevation ranges from 2,400 to 2,700 metres above sea level, far below the Paramo boundaries.
California is situated in the Santander Massif of the eastern cordillera of the Andes Mountains. The massif is comprised of Precambrian gneisses, schists, quartzites and migmatites of the Guyana Shield. Intermediate to granitic instrusives of the Santander Plutonic Group were emplaced during a period of uplift in the Jurassic/Triassic era. Porphyry instrusive stocks and dikes in the immediate areas of mineralization may be as young as Tertiary in age. Regional faulting parallels the topographic fabric with the crustal-scale northwest trending Bucaramanga-Santa Marta wrench fault and the northeast trending Rio Cucutilla fault zone defining the principal structural trends.
The gold-silver-copper mineralization in the California Gold Project is part of the same, large mineralizing system localized along a regional northeast-trending fault zone that also hosts the adjacent La Bodega deposit. Mineralization occurs in northeast, northwest and east-west striking, generally steeply north-dipping faulted structures containing high grade veins up to two metres in width. Vein mineralogy includes pyrite, chalcopyrite, sphalerite, and copper sulphides, with traces of silver minerals and sometimes visible gold.
Vetas Gold Project
CB Gold has amended the acquisition agreement for the San Bartolo and San Antonio properties, which together with other properties collectively comprise the Vetas Gold Project. A portion of the properties were affected by the delineation of the Paramo boundaries and the outstanding amount payable has been adjusted accordingly. As final payment, CB Gold has agreed to issue 3,450,000 common shares and pay US $500,000 in cash with respect to the San Bartolo Property and issue 116,700 common shares with respect to the San Antonio property.
The technical information contained in this news release has been reviewed and approved by Red Eagle Mining's Vice President of Exploration, Jeff Toohey P.Eng., who is a "Qualified Person" as defined under NI 43-101.
The transactions are subject to the approval of the TSX Venture Exchange.
About CB Gold
CB Gold is a well-financed precious metals exploration and development corporation majority owned by gold producer Red Eagle Mining Corporation. CB Gold has an experienced exploration and mine development team focused on building shareholder value through acquiring and developing high grade gold and silver projects with low costs and low technical risks in Colombia, a jurisdiction with prolific historic production but until recently limited modern exploration. CB Gold owns 100% of the California Gold, Vetas Gold and Santa Ana Silver Projects, which consist of numerous historic and existing mines and where exploration is currently underway to delineate high-grade vein resources exploitable by modern underground mining methods.
For further information, please contact Ian Slater, Chief Executive Officer or:
Patrick Balit
Vice President Corporate Development
Red Eagle Mining Corporation
Suite 2348 - 666 Burrard Street
Vancouver, BC, V6C 2X8
+1 778 372 2558
balit@redeaglemining.com
Neither the TSX Venture Exchange nor its Regulation Services Provider (as that term is defined in the policies of the TSX Venture Exchange) accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release. Information set forth in this news release includes forward-looking statements under applicable securities laws. Forward-looking statements are statements that relate to future, not past, events. In this context, forward-looking statements often address expected future business and financial performance, and often contain words such as "anticipate", "believe", "plan", "estimate", "expect", and "intend", statements that an action or event "may", "might", "could", "should", or "will" be taken or occur, or other similar expressions. All statements, other than statements of historical fact, included herein including, without limitation; statements about the terms and completion of the proposed sale transaction are forward-looking statements. By their nature, forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause the actual results, performance or achievements, or other future events, to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such factors include, among others, the following risks: failure to satisfy all conditions precedent to the transaction, including disinterested shareholder approval and stock exchange regulatory approval, and the additional risks identified in the management discussion and analysis section of the Company's interim and most recent annual financial statement or other reports and filings with Canadian securities regulators. Forward looking statements are made based on management's beliefs, estimates and opinions on the date that statements are made and the respective companies undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements if these beliefs, estimates and opinions or other circumstances should change, except as required by applicable securities laws. Investors are cautioned against attributing undue certainty to forward-looking statements.
1 See the Technical Report titled "Preliminary Assessment La Bodega Project" dated effective November 8, 2010 available under Ventana Gold Corp.'s SEDAR profile.
2 See the Technical Report titled "Updated technical Report on the California Gold Project" dated effective October 11, 2012 available under AUX Canada Acquisition 3 Sarl.'s SEDAR profile.
Michael Kovac/Getty Images(LOS ANGELES) — Harrison Ford was involved in an incident involving a passenger jet, sources told ABC News.
The actor, who is also a private pilot, was landing a plane at John Wayne Airport in Orange County when he flew over an American Airlines 737 aircraft bound for Dallas – Ft. Worth.
There were no injuries and the FAA is currently investigating the situation.
Ford's publicist told ABC News he had no official statement about the incident.
The 74-year-old Star Wars: The Force Awakens star has been an avid airman for some time. In 2015, he was injured when the World War II-era plane he was flying crashed on a golf course near Santa Monica, California. Just after takeoff, Ford reported engine trouble, according to National Transportation Safety Board investigator Patrick Jones, and then allegedly came up short of the runway.
“The airplane Harrison was flying was an old model. It was built for slow speed and maneuverability,” ABC News aviation consultant John Nance said at the time. “I think what happened in this instance is the wheels dug into the wet ground and that made the aircraft stop too quickly.”
That October, Ford told Jimmy Kimmel that he remembered the engine stopping and telling the tower that he was going to ignore their suggestion of continuing on the usual landing route, but that was “the last thing I remember till five days afterwards.”
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
In this photo taken on Friday, Aug. 9, 2013, Arkady Babchenko, 41, who had been scathingly critical of the Kremlin in recent years, looks at an opposition picket in Moscow, Russia. Police in the capital of Ukraine say a Russian journalist has been shot and killed at his Kiev apartment. Ukrainian police said Arkady Babchenko's wife found him bleeding at the apartment on Tuesday, May 29, 2018 and called an ambulance, but Babchenko died on the way to a hospital. Alexander Baroshin AP Photo
A West Point volunteer who has been a mentor to Askew and other cadets, said she'll hold her up as a role model for girls when she holds wor…
(ru) Все права защищены! © 2007 - Contact online news : При использовании материалов активная гиперссылка на www.contact.az обязательна
(en) All rights reserved! © 2007 - Contact online news : When reprinting, active hyperlink on www.contact.az required. Powered by © Contact Online news, 2007 -
Email: editor.contact.az@gmail.com
DETROIT — Jose Iglesias' two-run single keyed a Detroit's five-run sixth as the Tigers took advantage of Shohei Ohtani's departure following the second rain delay to beat the Los Angeles Angels 6-1 Wednesday night.
Ohtani, starting for the first time since May 20th, allowed one run ond three hits in five innings. He walked three and struck out five while throwing 83 pitches.
Tigers starter Mike Fiers was also knocked out by the second rain delay in the top of the sixth, allowing one run and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings.
The Tigers quickly took the lead in the bottom of the sixth, loading the bases against Cam Bedrosian (1-1) on a single, a walk and a hit by pitch. Greyson Greiner struck out, but Iglesias lined a two-run single to centre to put Detroit ahead 3-1. Dixon Machado grounded to short, but Andrelton Simmons' throw to the plate was too late to get JaCoby Jones.
Another season of Diablo 3 is about to wrap up and this one was a good one. After much monotony plaguing Diablo 3, Blizzard mixed things up a bit with this season by introducing a brand-new class before it. The Necromancer brought everyone's favorite summoner over from Diablo 2 and introduced it into the world of Diablo 3.
As a result of this, we saw a lot of Necromancers this season but that's not a problem at all. We'd rather see everyone pick a new class rather than everyone chooses the same class every season. We're interested in seeing what Blizzard has up their sleeve for Season 12. We still have about half of a month to go for Season 11 so there's still some time to climb that leaderboard.
Season 11 will be ending on the following dates and times:
North America: Friday, October 20 @ 5:00 p.m. PDT
Friday, October 20 @ 5:00 p.m. PDT Europe: Friday, October 20 @ 5:00 p.m. CEST
Friday, October 20 @ 5:00 p.m. CEST Asia: Friday, October 20 @ 5:00 p.m. KST
If you have any part of your seasonal journey to finish, you better do it soon as you're quickly running out of time. Also, at the end of the season, all Seasonal Leaderboards will be wiped and you'll be unable to attain new ranks until the next season begins. All players who reached level 70 with a character will unlock an exclusive head and should transmog. Finally, your Seasonal character will transition into a non-Seasonal one and will take the highest paragon level available, whether that's on your Seasonal character or non-Seasonal.
Items that are in your Seasonal stash will be sent through the in-game mail system to your non-Seasonal heroes. These items can be claimed by any non-Seasonal hero up to 30 days from the time you first log in after the Season ends. To access these items on PC, enter a game and hit the Mail icon located in the lower left corner of your screen to open your inbox. Console players can do the same by visiting the mailbox found in any town hub. Your gold will transfer over as well.
FILE - In this Friday, Jan. 24, 2014 file photo, twins Edgar, left, and Gabriel, aged 10, arrange themselves to pose for photographers beside two versions of Dutch-born painter Vincent van Gogh's "Sunflowers", the left one from 1888 and the right one from 1889, during a photocall at the National Portrait Gallery in London. Five versions of a Vincent van Gogh masterpiece are being reunited for the first time in a “virtual exhibition.” On Monday, Aug. 14, 2017, they will all be streamed to a global audience in a Facebook Live broadcast. Matt Dunham, File AP Photo
Billy Pemberton sued Dr. Jairo Fortich and the hospital now known as Tennova Healthcare-Lebanon for damages after Fortich apparently mistakenly cleaned a cut he had with Cavicide, a cleaner meant for inanimate surfaces.
The jury found the doctor and hospital were not at fault.
Pemberton's attorney Clint Kelly argued to the jury the label on the Cavicide bottle used to clean Pemberton's wound clearly said it was not to be used on human skin. Because of this, Kelly said, the jury must find fault with both Fortich and University Medical Center.
Fortich's attorney James Looper then made his own closing arguments. Looper said the injuries Pemberton received were not made any worse by Fortich's use of the Cavicide.
Looper told the jury Fortich didn't deviate from the standard of care, because the mistake was unintentional. He also said if the jury found fault with the care given, they should find more fault with University Medical Center than Fortich.
University Medical Center's attorney Thomas Wiseman presented his arguments after Looper.
Wiseman said using Cavicide on Pemberton was negligent, but the hospital was not at fault. Because Fortich was not an employee of the hospital but an independent contractor, argued Wiseman, the jury should find him most at fault for the incident. The last argument given was again Kelly, who had the chance to rebut the arguments given by the other two parties.
Kelly again said because Fortich didn't read the warning on the label of the bottle, he was negligent and should be found at fault.
After all arguments were given, the jury left the courtroom to deliberate on a verdict.
US lawmakers face tough choices over Michael Flynn's Russia ties
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Four not-so-simple words—“deemed to have received”—might determine the future of defamation suits against journalists in the United States. On April 9, journalist (and former Gawker freelancer) Ryan Goldberg appeared at a one-day bench trial at the US Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York while lawyers tossed around the phrase until it lost all meaning. After two hours of back-and-forth, Judge Stuart Bernstein didn't have a clear answer for the case, and chose not to issue a decision; he is expected to make one in the coming weeks.
Goldberg's case is a continuation of Gawker-related suits since disgruntled billionaire Peter Thiel sued the legendary gossip site into oblivion. Memory refresh: Thiel secretly funded the lawsuit brought by former pro-wrestler Hulk Hogan against Gawker for publishing a sex tape of him and his friend's wife. In 2016, a Florida jury awarded Terry Bollea (Hogan's real name) $140 million in damages, eventually forcing Gawker into bankruptcy. Gawker.com was shuttered, but its assets—including Deadspin and Jezebel—were purchased by Univision to form Gizmodo Media Group LLC.
ICYMI: The story of a journalist who became a killer
In 2016, Goldberg penned an investigation of Las Vegas oddsmaker RJ Bell as a freelancer for Deadspin, months before Univision bought Deadspin and other Gawker properties. Bell, under the representation of infamous media lawyer Charles Harder—who also represented Bollea in his case against Gawker—filed a defamation lawsuit against Gizmodo Media Group and parent company Univision for the story a year later. This December, Judge Bernstein dismissed Bell's defamation lawsuit against Gizmodo, but litigation proceeded against the story's author, Goldberg.
The question, after years of the companies changing hands and several months of litigation, is who is legally responsible for the article—that is, who Bell has the legal grounds to sue.
Univision purchased the former Gawker properties under a section of the bankruptcy code, chapter 11, that protects the buyer. The money from Gawker's sale funded a $31 million settlement to Bollea (Hogan), as well as other creditors and shareholders. The chapter 11 plan, which was approved in December 2016, also included a liability release to protect writers and editors from being sued for stories written before the sale. Dubbed the “third-party release,” it holds that any claimholder that's received, or “deemed to have received,” money under the bankruptcy plan is barred from bringing a claim against writers. Bell never received a distribution from Gawker, but can he be “deemed to have received” one?
Sign up for CJR 's daily email
At the public hearing two weeks ago, Sharon Levine and Dipesh Patel, the Saul Ewing LLP bankruptcy lawyers representing Goldberg, argued that because Bell never filed a proof of claim during the bankruptcy, but was aware of the bankruptcy, he can be “deemed to have received” his share. In other words, because Bell waited until after Gawker's sale, his current suit has no legal merit. The third-party release language, in their opinion, shields writers like Goldberg from liability for stories written on Gawker. (The pair also represented all of the Gawker writers, Goldberg included, during the original Gawker bankruptcy proceedings.)
“It's difficult for me to reach any conclusion other than that this lawsuit was intended to harass and intimidate me,” Goldberg tells CJR in a statement. “The plaintiffs in this case sent a libel demand letter within days of the article's publication in June 2016 and had every chance to assert their claims in the bankruptcy court during Gawker's liquidation, but chose to lie in wait until a year later, after Gawker was gone and there was no pool of money to defend its writers. The releases were our only protection, but they're meaningless if they can't be enforced.”
Harder continues his attacks on the Gawker empire and has expanded his collection of targets to include The Daily Mail, New York Magazine, The New York Times, The Hollywood Reporter, and a smattering of small blogs. He's become one of the biggest threats to press freedom in the US through his weaponization of litigation. “I think there needs to be a chilling effect on the irresponsible writers,” Harder admitted to writer Jason Zengerle in a 2016 GQ profile. (Harder did not respond to CJR's request for comment.)
Should Judge Bernstein rule in favor of Bell, the effects could be devastating—it could expose journalists like Goldberg to assuming future liability and leaving them vulnerable to defamation suits in cases where the publisher no longer exists. According to Katie Townsend, litigation director at the Reporters Committee for Freedom of the Press, it would be deeply troubling.
“It could open up the possibility of additional lawsuits like this against individual reporters who had previously written for Gawker-affiliated publications,” she says. “Individual journalists always face that risk, even when stories are airtight. There's greater concern when you have reporters who aren't tied to specific organizations, or between them.”
If Harder gets his way, any content provider, freelance or otherwise, could be subject to defamation claims arising from Gawker content. The suit against Goldberg could proceed, and who knows how many others would emerge. Already, there's been a ripple effect. Harder filed (another) defamation suit against Jezebel for a story about a self-help cult publishing in May 2016.
ICYMI: An election in Hungary sounds a death knell for the free press
Has America ever needed a media watchdog more than now? Help us by joining CJR today
Meg Dalton is a CJR Delacorte Fellow. Find her on Twitter @megdalts.
Best Healthy Breakfasts In MiamiHealth conscience folks around the globe say that breakfast is the most important meal of the day. After all, it has been 6 - 8 hours (or more) since your last meal. But what if you forgot to stop at the grocery store yesterday, or you don't have time to prepare breakfast? The answer may be just down the block. Fast food is okay, but it is generally made in a factory and just heated up; not to mention the calories. Hop on over to one of the stores listed below to get a nice, healthy, down-home breakfast to fuel you up for the day ahead.
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Go back in time? We can, but not by much
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
GREENVILLE, N.C. (WNCT) – A bus with the Greenville Area Transit system was involved in a minor accident on Friday morning.
It happened around 8 a.m. on Greenville Blvd SW near the intersection of Frontgate Drive.
According to GPD Spokesperson Kristen Hunter, the bus was at a stop when it was rear-ended by a car.
Several people were transported as a precaution but no serious injuries were reported.
The Greenville Police Department and Greenville Fire Rescue responded.
Goldfields mislead de Chronicle
When people get cornered and have nowhere to run, dem does lash out. Guyana Goldfields suddenly accusing de Waterfalls Paper of joining wid a political party to attack dem.
This is a company wha come here to invest couple dollar. It signs an agreement to use locals in every sphere. Once they want something and Guyana can provide it then dem must use it.
For example, dem must use local trucking; dem must use local aircraft; dem must use local boats. Fun encourage dem de govt give dem huge concessions.
Now dem tun back and use de same concession fuh bring in dem own plane, dem won boats and dem own trucks. Dem done kick out all de Guyanese. Guyana got nutten to get.
Dem boys believe that dem bring in de plane to fetch out de gold, quietly. Guyana wouldn't have no way to know how much gold get ship out.
Remember Cash Jet. He had de money hide in de nose of de plane.
This set of people nah only bring in plane; dem bring two dozen fuel tankers. Everybody knows de fuel business. That alone does rake in millions of dollars. Dem boys want to know if dem selling fuel to odda miners in de region. That is de only reason a company gun bring in two dozen fuel tankers.
Dem boys want to know who policing de agreement suh de govt can take action when de time come. And dem boys want to know which political party de newspaper align itself to.
After all dem boys want dem own political party and dem would want decent people in it; not crooks but people who would want to protect Guyana's resources and its wealth from foreign crooks.
This is de people who pay little or nutten in taxes. In fact, de amount of taxes they pay is wha some small local company does pay.
But when dem boys read de Chronicle headline yesterday, dem nearly fall in a coma. It was misleading, dishonest and very dangerous. De headline seh Goldfields pay $168.7 Billion in taxes in two years.
When dem boys ask de Editor-in-Chief wheh he pulls that figure from he seh de company send it in a press release.
Dem boys seh if you don't know, that amount of money is more than half de annual budget. Wid that kind of money from one company, Guyana don't need Exxon.
Talk half and wait fuh read more lies from dem foreign investors in de Chronicle
DAYTON, Ohio (WDTN) – The Montgomery County Coroner identified the one-year-old who died Monday as Arez Marie Isabella Schrodi.
2 NEWS is continuing to follow this story and we will keep you updated when more information is available.
The one-year-old was in critical condition at Dayton Children's Hospital after Dayton police found the girl unresponsive around 1 a.m. Sunday and died Monday.
Crews were called to the home located on South Torrence Street near East Fourth Street after the child's grandmother called 911 to report the little girl wasn't breathing.
Caller: “Come on baby girl. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god.”
A grandmother experiencing her worst nightmare.
Caller: I'm in a medical field. I shouldn't be wigging out, but this is my grand baby.” Dispatch: “Take a deep breath. It's different when it's family.”
A calm dispatcher offering comfort to a grandma in distress.
“Come on baby. Get her breathe. God. Somebody get her to breathe.”
When medics arrive, they rush the child to the hospital and found a home littered with feces and 15 dead animals–mostly snakes, including a large boa constrictor and a python. Neighbors say the family was known for having animals.
“They had a rooster,” neighbor Malachi Perez said. “I know they had rabbits. I know the lady she had a bunch of snakes and what I have seen out there was pretty sick.”
Family services and animal control were at the home around 10 a.m. Sunday. That's when 4 other children were discovered to be staying at the home. They were taken into child protective services. As for the animals, neighbors describe seeing the Montgomery County Resource Center removing several dead snakes in Tupperware containers.
“It feels very uncomfortable,” neighbor Jennifer Davis said. “It really does. Because I have children of my own and I don't think I could ever let my child live in a nasty environment like that.”
Davis–a mother of 3 kids–is trying to wrap her mind around what happened just steps from her home.
“Just very shocked still,” Davis said. “If I had known this place was like this. I would have called on my own.”
It's still unclear what caused the child to stop breathing. At least 4 relatives at the home including the grandparents and the mother are facing child endangerment charges related to the 4 other children found at the home.
At this time, no one is facing charges related to the 1-year-old although more charges are expected to come down.
SEC Accuses Former Equifax Executive of Insider Trading
A former Equifax executive has been accused of insider trading by federal regulators for allegedly dumping thousands of shares of the company's stock after a massive data breach at the credit reporting firm last year.
In a lawsuit filed Wednesday, the Securities and Exchange Commission said Jun Ying -- who at the time was chief information officer of a U.S. unit of Equifax -- sold about 6,800 Equifax shares after he learned of the breach but before the company had announced it publicly, amounting to an illegal trade based on insider information.
Ying sold those shares Aug. 28 for about $950,000. The SEC estimated that had he sold those shares after the breach was made public in September, he would have made $117,000 less. It also alleged that Ying sold shares shortly after researching how a smaller data breach in 2015 affected the stock price of Experian, an Equifax competitor.
Equifax shares plunged in value after the Atlanta-based credit-reporting company disclosed the breach Sept. 7. The company ultimately revealed that the personal information of nearly 150 million Americans was exposed. It is the largest-ever known breach of personal information data.
In September, the U.S. Justice Department opened a criminal investigation into whether top officials at Equifax had violated insider trading laws in connection with the breach.
Three Equifax Inc. senior executives -- Chief Financial Officer John Gamble, and Presidents Joseph Loughran and Rodolfo Ploder -- sold shares worth almost $1.8 million in the days after the company discovered the breach. Equifax has said those three executives had not been informed of the incident when they initiated the sales.
© 2018 Los Angeles Times under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: iStock/Artist's concept.
By Scott T. Sterling
Blink-182 is going to Vegas, baby.
The iconic alt-rock outfit has revealed plans to launch the “Kings of the Weekend” residency at the Pearl Concert Theater of the Palms Casino Resort.
Related: Blink-182's Travis Barker & Limp Bizkit's Wes Borland are Making Music
The 16-show run kicks off on May 26, with additional shows slated for June, October, and November. See the itinerary below.
“When the Palms asked us to do a residency here in Vegas, we said ‘Absolutely!'” Mark Hoppus said in a press statement. “Now, we just have to cast our show girls, create our set list – a true throwback of Vegas classics with Sinatra, Liberace. Maybe we can even marry someone on stage…The possibilities in Vegas are endless.”
Tickets for “blink-182: Kings of the Weekend” are $59, $79, $99, $109, and $169, plus fees and go on sale Friday, March 23, 2018 at 10 a.m. Tickets can be purchased at the Pearl Concert Theater box office, any Station Casinos Rewards Center or online at Ticketmaster.com.
Find more information here.
Blink-182's “Kings of the Weekend” 2018 dates:
Five-time world champion Viswanathan Anand played out an easy draw against American Hikaru Nakamura in the second round of Altibox Norway Chess tournament.
After conceding a draw with white against Levon Aronian of Armenia, Anand got the favour returned although he had to work relatively harder to maintain parity against Nakamura, often termed as his nemesis.
For the record, the American went for a rare sixth move in the Queen's gambit declined and Anand admitted he was a confused a lot by this approach. However, as it turned out, the surprise remained just that and did not contain much venom as Anand got a healthy position with some strategic manoeuvres.
Nakamura's attempt at applying pressure met with some perfect response and the pieces treaded almost in a heap as the players reached a perfectly drawn rook and pawns endgame. The peace was signed after 39 moves.
The day did not feature any decisive games and the status quo after the first round remained on what was a pretty dull day. World Champion Magnus Carlsen came up with some fine home-work' to draw easily with Sergey Karjakin of Russia.
It was a serious opening novelty that saw Carlsen sacrifice a pawn and equalise completely leading to an endgame out of a Moller variation in the Ruy Lopez.
The world champion however wished it to be more interesting.
I don't think we should sit here and congratulate ourselves with a novelty that leads to a draw, said Carlsen.
Carlsen continues to lead the tables on 1.5 points after two rounds and a pack of eight players including Anand are right behind him on one point apiece.
Montreal health officials are blaming the heavy heat and humidity for at least six deaths in recent days.
Dr. Mylene Drouin told a news conference today the deaths have been investigated and are linked directly to the heat wave.
Drouin says the victims fit the profile of people authorities describe as at risk: those with chronic illness or mental-health problems, people who live alone and people without air conditioning at home.
She says there has also been a rise in the number of calls to ambulance services in recent days and that the city wants to avoid what happened in 2010, when intense heat claimed 106 lives.
In the Eastern Townships region southeast of Montreal, four deaths are under investigation to determine if they are related to the extreme heat. Authorities were expected to provide more details on Wednesday morning.
The oppressive weather has enveloped much of Central and Eastern Canada since the Canada Day long weekend.
Environment Canada says humidex readings were to be in the 40 Celsius range today from southwestern and northeastern Ontario through southern Quebec and into the Atlantic region.
The weather agency says a "very warm and humid air mass" has settled over the Maritimes and above normal temperatures and humid conditions will stick around into Thursday. Maritime temperatures are expected to return to seasonal normals for the weekend.
A hot and humid air mass is also entrenched over southern Quebec, with Tuesday's highs expected to be in the low 30s with a humidex reading between 35 and 40 C, also through Thursday.
Southern Quebec was rocked by violent storms on Monday, leaving thousands of homes and businesses without electricity, or air conditioning. Most of the outages were in the Outaouais region of western Quebec in addition to areas north and northeast of Montreal.
Turkey's main opposition parties have questioned the legitimacy of a narrow referendum vote granting President Tayyip Erdoğan sweeping new powers.
Erdoğan's supporters took to the streets to cheer, while opponents stayed indoors banging pots and pans in protest over the result, which heralds the biggest overhaul in Turkish politics since the founding of the modern republic — abolishing the prime minister's post and concentrating power in the presidency.
Unofficial results showed a narrow victory for Erdoğan 51.4 percent of votes cast in favor. Official results are due in 12 days.
Hurriyet (top) carried the headline "New System" and while the Star bore the headline "Victory of the people" YASIN AKGUL / AFP - Getty Images
The changes won strong backing in conservative rural areas, but were just as strongly opposed in Istanbul and other cities, as well as in the Kurdish-dominated southeast — a pattern that suggests deep divisions and the possibility of unrest.
Erdoğan, a populist with a background in once-banned Islamist parties, has ruled since 2003 with no real rival, while his country emerged as one of the fastest-growing industrial powers in both Europe and the Middle East.
Critics accuse him of steering Turkey towards one-man rule.
The two largest opposition parties challenged Sunday's referendum, saying it was deeply flawed. The pro-Kurdish opposition Peoples' Democratic Party said it presented complaints about unstamped ballots affecting 3 million voters, more than twice the margin of Erdoğan's victory.
The main secularist opposition People's Republican Party called for the annulment of the result and its deputy party chairman Bulent Tezcan said he would if necessary go to Turkey's constitutional court.
However, Erdoğan was in no mood for conciliation, telling supporters in Istanbul: "There are those who are belittling the result. They shouldn't try, it will be in vain."
He says the changes are needed to end chronic instability that plagued the country over decades when the military repeatedly tried to seize power from weak civilian governments.
"For the first time in the history of the Republic, we are changing our ruling system through civil politics," he said.
He survived a coup attempt last year and responded with a crackdown, jailing 47,000 people and sacking or suspending more than 120,000 from government jobs such as schoolteachers, soldiers, police, judges or other professionals.
The latest changes could keep him in power until 2029 or beyond, making him easily the most important figure in Turkish history since state founder Mustafa Kemal Ataturk built a modern nation from the ashes of the Ottoman empire after World War One.
Europe, which has had increasingly strained ties with Turkey, gave a cautious response. Germany, host to some 4 million Turks, said it was up to Erdoğan himself to heal the rifts that the vote had exposed.
Erdoğan supporters cheered his narrow victory. Elif Sogut / Getty Images
Erdoğan said his next move could be a referendum to restore the death penalty. That would effectively put an end to Turkey's decades-long bid to join the European Union.
Thousands of Erdoğan supporters waved flags and blasted horns into the early hours Monday in celebration of a man who they say has transformed the quality of life for millions of pious Turks marginalized for decades by the secular elite.
There were scattered protests against the result. In some affluent, secular neighborhoods, opponents stayed indoors, banging pots and pans, a sign of dissent that became widespread during anti-Erdogan protests in 2013.
Under the changes, most of which will only come into effect after the next elections due in 2019, the president will appoint the cabinet and an vice-president and be able to select and remove senior civil servants without parliamentary approval.
There has been some speculation that Erdoğan could call new elections so that his new powers could take effect right away. However, Deputy Prime Minister Mehmet Simsek told Reuters there was no such plan, and the elections would still be held in 2019.
Pro-government media painted the result as a victory for the Turkish people, transforming a constitution left over from a 1980 military coup. The Sabah daily hailed "The People's Revolution." The Star's headline was "The People's Victory."
However, the opposition daily Cumhuriyet's headline said "The ballot box is overshadowed," reporting opposition objections to what they said were irregularities in the voting.
As World Immunization Week commences… Guyana boasts of 90 percent vaccination coverage
With a vaccination programme that entails 90 percent coverage and above for the under five population, Guyana can boast of a near flawless vaccination programme.
In fact it is the view of Senior Minister of Public Health, Ms. Volda Lawrence that “if all or most of the diseases that plague us today could be prevented by vaccines, then Guyana would have no need to be anxious as a nation, because we would be protected.”
Moreover, Minister Lawrence has attributed
Guyana's vaccination situation to “excellent vaccination coverage”.
Her remarks were forthcoming just in time for the observance of World Immunization Week which commences today. The observance will span the period April 24 – 30, 2018.
According to the World Health Organisation [WHO], World Immunization Day is aimed at highlighting the collective action needed to ensure that every person is protected from vaccine-preventable diseases. To do so, it noted that governments must invest in immunization efforts, advocates must make vaccines a priority, and people must get themselves and their families vaccinated.
Moreover, the goal of World Immunization Week 2018, WHO has noted “is to urge greater action on immunization around the world, with a particular focus on spotlighting the role that everyone can play in this effort, from donors to individuals.”
It has been with this in mind that Guyana has been making deliberate strides to retain a successful vaccination programme.
Minister Lawrence noted that it has been 16 years since the beginning of vaccination week in the Americas, and 41 years since the Expanded Programme on Immunization [EPI] started in Guyana.
“At the dawn of our Immunization programme, EPI as it is called, Guyana sought coverage primarily for its young children five years and under [from birth to their last dose], our health care workers worked tirelessly to vaccinate many children of all ethnic, socio-economic backgrounds,” said Minister Lawrence.
But the immunization programme has expanded over the years, even across the life cycle to encompass from the pregnant woman to the elderly, Minister Lawrence disclosed.
“Our focus has shifted to strengthening the defences of each member of the household, as we provide coverage for our most at risk groups,” said the Public Health Minister.
In fact, she disclosed that “in the last two years the Ministry has not relaxed” even in the fact of several reports of outbreaks of vaccine preventable diseases in neighbouring countries. Such reports, the Minister said, have instead spurred her Ministry into action which translated to “increase vaccinating coverage of our population triple fold.”
Reflecting on Guyana's vaccination journey, Minister Lawrence said “some of us remember the time when Guyana was plagued with poliomyelitis, we know it as polio. We remember the crippled persons with debilitating paralysis…that was caused by a virus.”
But as recent as last year, she recalled that some citizens, for the first time, heard of diphtheria outbreaks in bordering countries. This infectious disease, the Minister explained, is known to cause symptoms including sore throat, fever, swollen glands and could be potentially deadly. Even more recently, Guyana was close to the threat of Yellow Fever. This condition is in fact an acute viral haemorrhagic disease transmitted by infected mosquitoes. Some of its symptoms include fever, headache, jaundice, muscle pain, nausea, vomiting and fatigue.
As she gave emphasis to Guyana's sustained efforts, Minister Lawrence said, when it comes to coverage for the vaccine preventable diseases, such as Yellow Fever, “I am proud to say that this coverage extends to our military and armed forces, our teachers, health care workers, children and adolescents.”
Although there are many more vaccine preventable diseases that can threaten the nation, Minister Lawrence assured, “I am happy to tell you today that Guyana remains free from any of the above listed for the last 30 years on average because of our excellent vaccination coverage.”
This, she reiterated, is owing to the efforts of “our health care workers who work assiduously to reach communities so that we meet our targets for vaccines.”
Vaccination Week this year is being observed under the theme: ‘Strengthen your defence, get vaccinated.” This theme is especially appropriate, since, according to Minister Lawrence, “for the past year we have had an ardent focus on our borders and points of entry into Guyana.”
For this very reason, she informed that Guyana has embraced and strengthened both active and passive surveillance systems to keep the diseases that have infiltrated neighbouring countries like Brazil and Venezuela, at bay.
By Kevin McGuire
As the Philadelphia Eagles prepare to face the New England Patriots in the Super Bowl, it seems a spreading illness has been the biggest concern of the week. Perhaps it is all the extra exposure to people and the media in the week leading up to the big game?
Defensive tackle Timmy Jernigan has missed multiple practices this week. Jernigan was first ruled out of a practice a week ago in the last practice session in Philadelphia. An illness was the reason for his absence a week ago and continues to be the case this week. Having missed so much practice time would seem to make his availability for the Super Bowl at risk, although if it is just illness that is tying him down, he could still see some action in the game if he recovers over the weekend.
Cornerback Ronald Darby was added to the injury report on Thursday with an illness. The good news, perhaps, is that Darby remained a full practice participant on Thursday and may still be good to go on Sunday.
The Eagles will need all the help they can get from the secondary as they face Tom Brady and tight end Rob Gronkowski. Gronkowski's status has been in the spotlight for both teams this week after missing some practice time while going through the NFL's concussion protocol, but the player announced on Thursday that he was cleared to play in Sunday's game. Gronkowski missed the Super Bowl last season due to an injury, so he will be ready to have a big game on Sunday.
For the Eagles, only minor injuries are on the weekly injury report on top of the obvious injuries to players like Carson Wentz, Darren Sproles and Jason Peters. Running back Jay Ajayi is listed with an ankle injury that has been ongoing since the NFC Championship Game, but he has been a full participant this week in Eagles' practices. Ajayi should figure to be a main cog in the Eagles' gameplan on offense this weekend as the team looks to use the running game to its advantage.
On defense, Fletcher Cox appearing on the injury report may be a reason to be concerned for some Eagles fans, but a calf injury has not slowed down Cox in practices this week. The Eagles have listed Cox as a full participant this week, so he should be ready to play his regular role in the Super Bowl. He will be a key player that can give New England some problems up front, and the Eagles will hope Cox can disrupt Tom Brady throughout the game.
QUESTIONABLE
DT Tim Jernigan (illness)
PROBABLE
RB Jay Ajayi (ankle)
DT Fletcher Cox (calf)
CB Ronald Darby (illness)
LB Dannell Ellerbe (hamstring)
Kevin McGuire is a Philadelphia area sports writer and college football editor for The Comeback and host of the No 2-Minute Warning Podcast. Follow McGuire on Twitter and like him on Facebook.
Police: Aurora men killed at race track were known gang members
hello
Emergency response vehicles gather Sunday at Great Lakes Dragaway near Union Grove, Wisconsin. Three men were shot and killed during an auto racing event at the facility, a Wisconsin sheriff said. Kenosha County Sheriff David Beth said authorities responded around 7 p.m. after receiving reports about shots being fired. The three men were shot by another man at point-blank range near a food vendor, Beth said at a news conference Sunday night. No suspects were arrested and no one else was injured. Associated PRess
UNION GROVE, Wis. -- Three Illinois men who were shot to death at point-blank range during a drag racing event in southeastern Wisconsin may have been targeted by a rival gang member, a sheriff's official said Monday.
The three were fatally shot as they stood near a concession area in the parking lot of the Great Lakes Dragaway near Union Grove about 7 p.m. Sunday, according to Kenosha County sheriff's officials.
The shooter remains at large, sheriff's Sgt. Mark Malecki said Monday.
"The victims were known gang members," Malecki said, adding that they came from the Aurora area. Deputies were investigating the possibility that the assailant was a rival gang member.
Two of the men died at the scene and the third died in an ambulance on the way to a hospital.
Sheriff David Beth urged any witnesses to the shooting to contact his department.
"A lot of people may not have wanted to come up and talk to the sheriff's department initially because maybe they were afraid someone was going to see them," Beth said. "So what I'm hoping happens is someone who knows what's going on or saw what happened will call us, give us more information and help us catch the individual who did this."
The sheriff's office estimated that more than 5,000 people were at the raceway for an event known as "Larry's Fun Fest." The track's website shows the event included drag racing, tailgating, live entertainment and a car show.
Union Grove is about 25 miles south of Milwaukee.
Your browser does not support playing this file but you can still download the MP3 file to play locally.
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: How to have a productive new year
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
RALEIGH, N.C. (AP) — The General Assembly has agreed to start overhauling North Carolina's child welfare and social services system to encourage more regional oversight and correct problems identified in a recent federal review.
The House voted Wednesday to accept changes approved by the Senate, sending the bill to Gov. Roy Cooper's desk.
The measure would create a working group of experts and organizational leaders to make recommendations, including how to improve collaboration and accountability. The measure would allow counties to combine social services departments but doesn't mandate consolidation.
The bill also requires a social worker to observe a child who's been removed from a home at least twice with his or her parent before recommending a return of physical custody. This proposal follows the death of a Moore County toddler named Rylan Ott.
Big beards and blazing blues rock are in store when ZZ Top plays the California Mid-State Fair this summer.
The band behind the hit songs "Gimme All Your Lovin'," "Legs" and "Sharp Dressed Man" will perform July 25 at the Paso Robles Event Center, marking ZZ Top's third performance there.
ZZ Top first played the fair in 1999, and returned in 2004 — the same year the Texas trio was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
Never miss a local story. Sign up today for unlimited digital access to our website, apps, the digital newspaper and more. SUBSCRIBE NOW
SHARE COPY LINK A drone video captured the magical, twinkly nighttime scene of the California Mid-State Fair, which was held in Paso Robles from July 19-31, 2017. Brandon StierOak & Barrel Photography + Films
Opening the show is "Bad to the Bone" blues rocker George Thorogood and his band, The Destoyers. He previously played the fair in 2011.
The recently announced acts join an entertainment lineup that includes stand-up comedian Gabriel "Fluffy" Iglesias and country artists Luke Bryan, Tim McGraw and Faith Hill.
Tickets for ZZ Top's show cost $31 to $81, and go on sale at 10 a.m. Friday.
The California Mid-State Fair runs July 18-29 at the Paso Robles Event Center. For more information, call 805-239-0655 or visit www.midstatefair.com.
INDIANAPOLIS Ind. (WISH) – Mayor Joe Hogsett is planning to announce more information about the second year of Project Indy. The program helps teens find summer jobs. One of the goals is to keep them off the streets.
This is the second year for the program and Mayor Hogsett, along with some private partners, is doubling down on achievements from last year.
Last year the goal was to have 1,000 teens working, which was achieved. This year the goal is to have 2,000 teens working. The program hopes Indianapolis teens will have opportunities for job training, internships, and employment.
24-Hour News 8's Joe Melillo spoke with Deputy Mayor David Hampton about Project Indy. He says although it's February, he wants teens to get a head start.
By 2020 the Mayors Office says they want 5,000 youth employees working.
“We also want to address the issue of violence in our city by the root cause based approach and employment is a root cause to poverty, and if we can begin to create those opportunities for young people we want to give them a leg up,” said Hampton. “I believe there are no bad kids, there are just bad circumstances and challenging environments.”
Some of Project Indy's partners include:
Indy Parks and Rec
FedEx
Keep Indianapolis Beautiful
Groundwork Indy
The Mayors Office says they are searching for more partners as they continue to grow.
Last year the city landed a $2 million federal grant for YouthWorks Indy.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Google
Email
Print
More
Pinterest
Like this: Like Loading...
"Scheer knows well enough: if you start to become the architect of rift creation in the Conservative party, you may as well kiss any hopes of winning an election away," said Powers, adding there's "tension, absolutely."
"Yes, [Bernier] can perhaps be a source of irritation to some of his peers, but equally he does represent views that many conservatives have."
And with the 2019 election looming large, Scheer — a Saskatchewan MP who's still busy introducing himself to Canadians — can't afford to lose Bernier, a gregarious veteran who was edged out of the Conservative leadership last year by the narrowest of margins, and who represents a part of the country where the Tories are keen to hold on to support.
Kicking Bernier out of caucus would have meant "huge brand damage" for the party at the worst possible time, said Powers — a challenge similar to that faced by his predecessor, former prime minister Stephen Harper.
Harper, famous for his rigid caucus discipline, found a way to keep Bernier in the fold. Scheer — often described by political rivals as "Stephen Harper with a smile" — is trying to do the same.
The MP who wanted Bernier's ouster expressed confidence they would have had a "fair amount of support," given the number of caucus members who felt deliberately misled.
"There was a fair amount of people that felt that Max had crossed the line."
One Conservative MP accused Bernier of being "incredibly disloyal," said he has "destroyed all of his credibility" and in fact told Scheer he would have booted him from caucus a long time ago. Another said caucus felt Bernier had broken his pledge to the group.
Brock Harrison, Scheer's director of communications, said the leader's office would not comment on internal caucus matters or any private conversations that may have taken place.
"Mr. Bernier continues to be an important member of our national caucus and his perspectives and his expertise are valued," Harrison said.
Many of Bernier's supporters are convinced Scheer removed Bernier from his shadow cabinet as way of smoothing things over with dairy farmers, but Conservative sources insist it's because Bernier broke his promise.
Scheer has largely recovered from any political damage he may have incurred for removing Bernier from his critic's role, said Powers, who acknowledged that the Quebec MP and outspoken libertarian does indeed "march to the beat of his own drum."
"He's the yin to Scheer's yang," he said — "particularly when it comes to supply management."
By Janice Dickson, The Canadian Press
NASHVILLE, Tenn. (AP) — Vanderbilt has added a Big Ten flavor to its football team with the addition of former Ohio State wide receiver Alex Stump and ex-Michigan long snapper Scott Sypniewski.
The Commodores also announced they have added offensive lineman Saige Young from Dodge City (Kansas) Community College. Sypniewski and Young are eligible to play for Vanderbilt this season. Stump must sit out the 2017 season due to NCAA transfer rules.
Sypniewski, a graduate transfer, becomes Vanderbilt's most experienced long snapper. He played 36 games with Michigan over the last three years.
Stump caught only one pass for Ohio State last season after redshirting in 2015.
Vanderbilt now has three former Big Ten players. The Commodores earlier added Illinois transfer Ke'Shawn Vaughn, a running back who will sit out the 2017 season due to NCAA transfer rules.
Warriors' fun-loving spectacle now loathed for juicy NBA year When trying to assess the 2016-17 NBA landscape, a pointed observation from one of mankind's late, great philosophers immediately surfaces. “Everybody pulls for David,” Wilt Chamberlain once said. “Nobody roots...
Phil Jackson on his last do-over if Knicks' risks go bust Three strikes, you're out. Knicks president Phil Jackson has an 0-2 count on him as his club starts its third full season under the Zen Master's faulty presidency Tuesday night...
""What kind of love is it when some one gives you such an amazing gift and you leave it in a smoking ruin?""
Dr Katharine Hayhoe Climate scientist
Palestinian leader calls US ambassador a 'son of a dog'
hello
RAMALLAH, West Bank -- The Palestinian president has called the U.S. ambassador to Israel a "son of a dog," in an angry rant against the Trump administration.
In a speech Monday, President Mahmoud Abbas pre-emptively rejected an expected White House peace proposal.
He criticized the U.S. recognition of Jerusalem as Israel's capital, the American plan to move its embassy to the city and the cutting off of hundreds of millions of dollars in aid to the U.N. agency for Palestinian refugees.
He also condemned Ambassador David Friedman's close ties with the West Bank settler movement, describing him as a "son of a dog."
"Some say wait for their plan," Abbas said. "What shall we wait for? No, we will not wait, and we will not allow that."
While on one side, the Prabhas starrer is in tremendous buzz, the same movie is also grabbing the headlines owing to its female lead cast. From Katrina Kaif to Anushka Shetty and Shraddha Kapoor, many names were in the pipeline.
According to the latest reports, Prabhas' fans are not much happier about his pairing with Shraddha Kapoor. Interestingly, we also hear that Prabhas was keen to rope in a Bollywood actress owing to a surprising reason!
Prabhas Affair With B-town We all know that Prabhas has put his Bollywood debut plan on hold for now. But we gotta tell you that his love affair with B-town has already started. Here's how..
Was It All Planned? If you have noticed, for Saaho, Prabhas has already roped in a Bollywood villain - Neil Nitin Mukesh. Next, he got the popular Bollywood music directors Shankar-Ehsaan-Loy on board to compose music for the film.
Here's Why He Wanted Shraddha While there is no confirmation about the leading actress as yet, rumours are rife that Saaho will see him romancing Shraddha Kapoor.
Is It Prabhas' Calculated Move? Talking about Prabhas' new interest to rope in Bollywood celebs in his film, an industry source told an entertainment portal, "This may be a calculated move."
Prabhas Wants A Pan-Indian Appeal "Getting popular names and faces from Bollywood to work in his projects will give the films a pan India appeal," said the source.
Prabhas' Plan Before A Proper Debut In Bollywood The source further added, "This will help him understand and gauge the potential for his films in the Hindi film market before making a full-fledged entry in Bollywood."
We Gotta Wait & Watch Now, coming back to Prabhas & Shraddha, only time will tell whether Prabhas and Shraddha's on-screen chemistry will do wonders or not.
What's your opinion on this pair, folks? Please mention your valuable thought in our comment section.
Canadian Judge Denies Bail to Alleged Yahoo Hacker A judge denied bail Tuesday to a Canadian man accused in a massive hack of Yahoo emails, arguing he had the means and incentive to flee. Karim Baratov, 22, has alleged ties to Russian agents and access to significant amounts of cash, making him a serious flight risk if freed on bail, a prosecutor said. Baratov was arrested last month and faces extradition to the U.S. He was indicted in the United States for computer hacking along with three other people, including two alleged Russian intelligence agents. Justice Alan Whitten denied bail in a written decision, saying Baratov appeared to be highly skilled at hacking and calling the U.S. case extremely strong. "Baratov is a flight risk. He could instantaneously access the funds," the judge wrote. "He can ply his trade from anywhere in the world." Baratov looked at his parents and shrugged when he exited the courtroom. U.S. law enforcement officials call Baratov a "hacker-for-hire" paid by Russian Federal Security Service members. He has Kazakh origins, arriving in Canada in 2007 and becoming a citizen in 2011. "It would appear that Baratov's activities were quite the cash cow: a million by age 15 and the array of extremely expensive sports cars," the judge said in his ruling. "There is the potential for further income ... Baratov would appear to be a valuable operative for the FSB." Prosecutor Heather Graham noted earlier that Baratov owned a number of luxury cars and flaunted his lifestyle on social media. She also said he has webmail and PayPal accounts with "large unknown sums of money" accessible anywhere. Graham said police seized about $22,000 ($30,000 Canadian) cash from his home and another $670 ($900 Canadian) from his wallet when he was arrested. She also said there is evidence Baratov may have been trafficking in identity information. And there are allegations he continued hacking while on vacation in Jamaica. Graham also noted Baratov faces up to 20 years in a U.S. prison. "The evidence of Mr. Baratov's connections to Russian officials exponentially elevate the flight risk in this case,' Prosecutor Heather Graham said. Baratov's parents had offered act as their son's sureties and offered their home but the judge said they were "were obviously prepared to turn a blind eye to" his online activities. The young man's attorney Deepak Paradkar said the father had agreed to turn off the internet in the family home. The breach at Yahoo affected at least a half billion user accounts, but Paradkar said Baratov is only accused of hacking 80 to 100 accounts. He said the charges against his client have been "inflated" and said he financed many of his luxury cars. Paradkar maintains an Instagram account under the name "Cocaine Lawyer" and has often used the hashtag #bestcocainelawyer. Baratov's other lawyer, Amedeo DiCarlo, arrived to the courthouse again Tuesday in a chauffeured Rolls-Royce. In a scheme that prosecutors say blended intelligence gathering with old-fashioned financial greed, the four men targeted the email accounts of Russian and U.S. government officials, Russian journalists and employees of financial services and other private businesses, American officials said. In some cases using a technique known as "spear-phishing" to dupe Yahoo users into thinking they were receiving legitimate emails, the hackers broke into at least 500 million accounts in search of personal information and financial data such as gift card and credit card numbers, prosecutors said. The case, announced amid continued U.S. intelligence agents' skepticism of their Russian counterparts, comes as American authorities investigate Russian interference through hacking in the 2016 presidential election. Officials said those investigations are separate. Alexsey Belan, one of the others accused, is on the list of the FBI's most wanted cybercriminals and has been indicted multiple times in the United States. It's not clear whether he or the other two defendants, Dmitry Dokuchaev and Igor Sushchin, will ever step foot in an American courtroom because there's no extradition treaty with Russia. The indictment identifies Dokuchaev and Sushchin as officers of the Russian Federal Security Service, or FSB. Belan and Baratov were paid hackers directed by the FSB to break into the accounts, prosecutors said. Whitten, the judge, noted the evidence against Baratov includes large volumes of emails between Baratov and Dokuchaev, who instructs Baratov as to what email accounts to target. He also noted screenshots sent by Baratov to Dokuchaev, proving that he had successfully hacked the accounts. © 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved. Read more on: Yahoo, Data Breach, Hackers, Cybercrime, Russia, Cyberespionage, Cybersecurity, Justice Department, Government, Wikileaks
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Two high ranking Trump administration officials; two vastly different positions on marijuana.
Attorney General Jeff Sessions wants to revive the war on drugs, and a crackdown on weed appears to be a major part of that. He is expected to pursue harsher punishments for using and distributing marijuana, which were relaxed under President Trump's predecessor, as The Washington Post's Sari Horowitz has reported. “Good people don't smoke marijuana,” Sessions opined last year.
It's a far cry from what Department of Homeland Security Secretary John F. Kelly said about the drug Sunday.
In an interview on NBC's “Meet the Press,” Kelly told host Chuck Todd that marijuana was “not a factor” in the war on drugs and argued that “arresting a lot of users” wasn't the right solution to the country's drug problems.
Kelly, a retired Marine Corps general, was discussing border enforcement when Todd asked him if legalizing marijuana would help or hurt his efforts to control the flow of drugs into the United States.
“Yeah, marijuana is not a factor in the drug war,” Kelly said.
He continued: “It's three things. Methamphetamine. Almost all produced in Mexico. Heroin. Virtually all produced in Mexico. And cocaine that comes up from further south.”
Those three drugs, Kelly added, had killed more than 50,000 people in the United States in 2015, along with opiates, and had cost the country some $250 billion.
Before joining the Trump administration, Kelly served as the head of U.S. Southern Command, overseeing security operations for Central America, South America and the Caribbean. In that role, he confronted issues related to the trafficking of narcotics, including heroin and cocaine, into the United States.
Kelly made similar remarks on marijuana in a November interview with MilitaryTimes. He told the publication he was opposed to illegal and recreational drug use generally, and was critical of marijuana legalization, but said he supported using pot for medical purposes.
“Whether it's veterans or anyone else, if it helps those people, then fine,” he said. “Medicine is medicine.”
On that issue, he could hardly be more removed from Sessions, who has balked at the idea that marijuana could be used as a painkiller or treatment for opioid addiction.
“I've heard people say we could solve our heroin problem with marijuana,” he said in a speech last month. “How stupid is that?”
Sessions later told reporters he believed “medical marijuana has been hyped, maybe too much,” as The Post reported. In the same speech, he said his office may reexamine Obama administration policies that left marijuana legalization in the hands of states.
Unlike Sessions, Kelly doesn't have much say in how the United States prosecutes drug offenders. But in his “Meet the Press” appearance Sunday, he argued in favor of reducing demand for drugs rather than punishing drug users.
“The solution is not arresting a lot of users,” he said. “The solution is a comprehensive drug demand reduction program in the United States that involves every man and woman of goodwill. And then rehabilitation. And then law enforcement. And then getting at the poppy fields and the coca fields in the south.”
Premium features include the agenda-setting Lex column, EM Squared, Martin Sandbu's Free Lunch, Newsmine blog, daily FT ePaper and exclusive weekly emails designed to enhance your FT experience.
What do you get in your Premium Subscription package?
Lex Column - The FT's daily guide to the corporate and financial stories that matter. Since the 1930's Lex has been providing concise, readable and timely commentary on companies, markets and the theory behind investing. From tech valuations to the pros and cons of share buybacks, via the banking crisis and emerging markets, Our specialists in London, New York and Hong Kong give you the tools to make better investment decisions.
Editor's Choice - An exclusive weekly newsletter with insights from Lionel Barber, the Financial Times' lauded editor.
FT Newsmine Blog - A weekly email that abstracts essential macroeconomic data for you from the week's news stories.
Free lunch - Martin Sandbu's Free Lunch - A succinct daily take on global economics from columnist Martin Sandbu who selects and comments on the day's biggest topics.
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
NEW YORK (CBSMiami) – Giancarlo Stanton's move from the Miami Marlins to the New York Yankees became official on Monday.
In a surreal sight for baseball fans all over the world – especially those in South Florida and New York – Stanton dawned the pinstripes for the first time in his introductory news conference with the New York media.
The National League MVP held little back when talking about his time with the Marlins, and what led to the organization trading him for “financial flexibility.” You'll notice that Stanton acknowledges how tough it must be to be a Miami Marlins fan, recommending the team's supporters to “watch from afar if you're going to watch.” Ouch.
Asked if Derek Jeter tried to convince him to stay with the Marlins: “We had a meeting, yes. We spoke about the direction of the team. I wanted us to go forward and have an advance with the pitching staff. I thought our lineup was legit and we needed help with our pitchers. We needed to add rather than subtract. The way they wanted to go was to subtract. I let that be known that I didn't want to be a part of another rebuild… another losing season. That's almost a guaranteed losing season… taking away what I thought was a great lineup. Yes, I didn't want to be a part of a rebuild.”
His advice to Marlins fans: “I would say to hang in there. They're hurting. They're gonna go through some more tough years but I would advise them not to give up. Just keep hope. Maybe watch from afar if you're going to watch. The [players] that are out there are good kids and they need some support, too.”
On his journey to this point: “Quite the experience, quite the road to get here. When I signed [new contract] in Miami I wanted things to work out and I had a good vision there, but sometimes things spiral out of place and you need to find a new home.”
Why he included the Yankees in his list of approved destinations: “Watching them from afar and seeing their young dynamic group; the way they flow together on the field, how they never give up and never quit, the atmosphere and the storied franchise – there's not much you can say about why you wouldn't want to be there.”
On what it will be like to be on a playoff caliber team: “It's what I've always wanted. It's what I've dreamed of. You always want to be in competitive games where they mean something and your performance means something to the team and to the city. It's going to be a fun challenge and I'm looking forward to it.”
A portion of a Las Vegas Metro police vehicle is shown in an undated image. (File/FOX5)
Las Vegas Metro police said a person's body was found while they responded to reports of gunshots heard in the northwest Las Vegas Valley on Monday.
A call of the incident came in just before noon in the 4900 block of Signal Drive, near Lone Mountain Road and Decatur Boulevard.
Police said residents were evacuated from the neighborhood after possible shots were fired while the constable's office served an eviction notice.
SWAT officers were called to the neighborhood, but they later left the area just after 4 p.m.
Police said the body was found when officers enter a residence. Investigators later confirmed the death was self-inflicted.
The constable was not injured, police said.
Stay with FOX5 and FOX5Vegas.com for developments.
Copyright 2017 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
OTTAWA — Justin Trudeau arrives in Europe on Thursday and plans to talk more openly about one of the things he didn't discuss with Donald Trump — the merits of free trade in the face of increasingly hostile, populist opposition.
The prime minister is to deliver his pro-trade message in an address to the European Parliament in Strasbourg, France on Thursday — a first for a Canadian leader — and to top business leaders a day later in Germany.
On Friday, he'll be in Berlin for talks with German Chancellor Angela Merkel, who wasn't shy about reminding Trump the day after his surprise victory that Germany and the U.S. were "bound" by common values and that she looked forward to working with him on that basis.
Standing next to Trump in Washington on Monday, Trudeau said it wasn't his job to lecture foreign leaders when he visits them. He had been asked to comment on Trump's controversial executive order banning people from seven mainly Muslim countries from entering the U.S.
While he may have demurred on immigration, government officials say Trudeau won't be shy about praising something else now under attack from Trump: liberalized, multilateral trade deals such as Canada's deal with the EU, the Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement or CETA.
The European Parliament is set to ratify CETA on Wednesday, which will pave the way for 90 per cent of it to come into force once Canada's Parliament follows suit in the coming months.
But government officials who briefed journalists Tuesday on the condition they not be named, said the prime minister will be "sharpening" his message on the need for political and business leaders to do more to sell the merits of the free trade to an increasingly skeptical and anxious public.
Trudeau will use his final event of the whirlwind two-day tour to deliver that message to a particularly well-appointed crowd at the St. Matthew's Day Banquet in the German city of Hamburg late Friday.
Trudeau will use his keynote address to warn that more needs to be done to address the anxieties of middle-class people who aren't getting ahead, because if nothing is done to ease those concerns, the world will have larger problems on its hands, officials say.
Officials say Trudeau is targeting that message specifically for his banquet audience, because it will be made up of political and business elites, making it an affair akin to the tony World Economic Forum in Davos.
One official said this is a crowd that needs to hear that message because it is not one that is "particularly cognizant" of.
Officials say Trudeau is more than aware that the 2016 St. Matthew's keynote speaker was former British prime minister David Cameron, who used his speech to outline his plan for countering his country's Brexit movement to leave the EU.
Cameron's plan didn't work. Britons voted to leave the EU and Cameron resigned.
Trade Minister Francois-Philippe Champagne will be in Strasbourg on Wednesday ahead of Trudeau for the parliamentary vote on CETA. He expects it to pass.
"This is the right deal at the right time for the world. The world is in search of a progressive, open trade agenda and Canada and the EU embodies that," he said in an interview Tuesday.
"What we need to do, however, is do a better job of explaining what trade means to people."
Mike Blanchfield, The Canadian Press
ASHLAND, Ohio (AP) — Authorities say a vintage, single-engine plane landing at a small Ohio airport for a veterans event veered off a runway and flipped upside down in the grass, leaving two people onboard with minor injuries.
The crash-landing happened Saturday at the Ashland County Airport, roughly 50 miles southwest of Cleveland.
An organizer of the Ashland Veterans Appreciation Day tells the Ashland Times-Gazette that it was fortunate that no one was seriously hurt and that the pilot was able to avoid hitting other aircraft.
The county sheriff's office investigating the crash-landing says the plane was a restored 1943 model used by the U.S. Navy during World War II.
Absconding diamantaire Nirav Modi, who is at the heart of the multi-crore bank fraud, has not sought political asylum in the United Kingdom (UK), said sources.
However, the UK government has not shared any details with India in this context.
Nirav is reportedly in the UK and needs to be extradited as non-bailable warrant (NBW) has already been issued against him.
The revelation comes barely days after the Interpol issued a Red Corner Notice (RCN) against him in connection with the multi-crore Punjab National Bank (PNB) scam.
RCN has also been issued against Nirav's brother Nishal Modi and his company's executive Subhash Parab in connection with the scam.
The development came after the Enforcement Directorate (ED) requested the Interpol to issue the notice against Nirav, who is wanted in India in the money laundering case.
On June 28, an official of the Ministry of External Affairs (MEA) said India has requested a group of countries to deny entry to Nirav.
The Ministry also sought assistance from some European countries including France, UK and Belgium to trace and restrict Nirav's movements.
For those unversed, the PNB detected the multi-crore scam this year, wherein Nirav and his uncle-cum-business-partner Mehul Choksi had allegedly cheated the bank to the tune of USD 2 billion, with the purported involvement of a few employees of the bank.
By Matt Citak
Considering how crazy the regular season was this year, it should come as no surprise that the first two rounds of the 2018 NCAA Tournament have been absolute chaos. Favorites have fallen, history has been made, and, oh yeah, we still have four more rounds to go.
Buckle up, ladies and gentlemen. With the way March Madness is going, we should be in for a wild finish.
UMBC becomes first 16 seed to win, beats UVA by 20
On Friday, the University of Maryland, Baltimore County made history. The UMBC Retrievers accomplished something that 135 previous 16 seeds in the 64-team era of the NCAA men's basketball tournament were unable to do — pull off a first round upset.
The University of Virginia entered the tournament as the No. 1 overall seed. Yet despite being the overwhelming favorite in this “David vs. Goliath” showdown, the Cavaliers failed to show up to their first-round matchup, falling to the Retrievers by whopping 20 points.
UMBC's cinderella run came to an end on Sunday, when No. 9 seed Kansas State pulled off the late victory over, 50-43. The Retrievers' magical run may have ended quickly, but the darlings out of the American East did more than enough to solidify their place in NCAA history.
UVA far from the only favorite taken down
While Virginia suffered the biggest upset, the Cavaliers weren't the only favorites taken down during the tournament's opening weekend. The madness began on Thursday, when No. 13 seed Buffalo opened their tournament play with a 21-point beatdown of Arizona, sending the NBA's likely No. 1 pick DeAndre Ayton home early. The craziness continued a few hours later, when Donte Ingram of No. 11 seed Loyola-Chicago hit a long three-pointer right before the final buzzer to beat No. 6 seed Miami and send his team into the Round of 32.
The upsets continued on Friday, when No. 11 seed Syracuse, the last team to make the tournament, defeated No. 6 seed TCU, while No. 13 seed Marshall took down No. 4 seed Wichita State. While the opening round produced some very surprising results, it was nothing compared to what we saw in the Round of 32.
Loyola-Chicago was the first big underdog to punch its ticket to the Sweet 16, when they defeated No. 3 seed Tennessee on Saturday, thanks to a Clayton Custer jumper with just 3.6 seconds remaining. The Ramblers were joined by the Syracuse Orange as the only double-digit seeds in the Sweet 16, after the Orange pulled off the first major upset of Sunday's games, beating No. 3 seed Michigan State, 55-53.
But the madness did not stop there. No. 7 seed Texas A&M destroyed No. 2 seed UNC by 21 points, No. 9 seed Florida State took down No. 1 seed Xavier 75-70, and No. 7 seed Nevada overcame a 22-point second-half deficit to defeat No. 2 seed Cincinnati, 75-73.
Unlike other No. 1 seeds, Villanova playing like top team
Virginia and Xavier are out, while Kansas snuck by No. 8 seed Seton Hall, winning by just four points on Saturday. But unlike the rest of the pack, Villanova is playing up to its No. 1 seed.
The Wildcats began their tournament play with an easy 26-point victory over Radford. Jay Wright's squad faced a pesky Alabama team in the Round of 32, and at halftime, it appeared as if the No. 9 seed had a chance to upset Villanova. But a 22-point second half from junior guard Mikal Bridges put those thoughts to rest, as the Wildcats pulled away to win by 23.
With one of the country's most efficient offenses, it was not surprising to see Villanova score at ease against Radford and Alabama. But the Wildcats' defense has also looked great in the first two rounds, and that should worry the other 15 remaining schools. Going up against a very talented West Virginia team in the Sweet 16, Villanova will face its toughest matchup yet on Friday.
South Region without top-4 seed in Sweet 16 for first time ever
The best way to understand just how crazy this year's NCAA Tournament has been so far is to look at the bracket's South Region. For the first time in NCAA history, no top-four seed in the South Region has made it to the second weekend, as No. 1 seed Virginia, No. 2 Cincinnati, No. 3 seed Tennessee, and No. 4 seed Arizona all found themselves on the wrong side of an upset.
The four teams to make it to the Sweet 16 out of the South are likely not the schools you may have expected. No. 5 seed Kentucky is the highest seed remaining, followed by No. 7 seed Nevada, No. 9 seed Kansas State, and No. 11 seed Loyola-Chicago.
John Calipari, who helped lead Kentucky on a late-season winning streak to take home the SEC Tournament championship, has to like his team's chances moving forward. The only obstacles between the Wildcats and yet another Final Four appearance are Thursday's matchup against Kansas State and, if they emerge victorious from that, an Elite Eight contests against the winner of Nevada-Loyola-Chicago. As we have seen many times before, the key to winning is getting hot at the right time. And few teams are playing better than the Wildcats right now.
Duke is ACC's last best hope for a title
The Atlantic Coast Conference entered the Round of 64 with several legitimate contenders to emerge as national champions. But following four days of pure chaos, the ACC is left with just one good chance at a national championship — the Duke Blue Devils.
The Blue Devils have absolutely dominated their first two games, beating Iona by 22 before dismantling Rhode Island by 25. They are averaging 88 points in their first two games, while holding both of their opponents to under one point per possession.
The ACC has four of the 16 teams left, but Duke provides the conference with their best hope for a title. The Blue Devils take on Syracuse on Friday, guaranteeing at least one ACC team in the Elite 8. Florida State has a tough matchup against No. 4 seed Gonzaga on Thursday, while Clemson will have to battle it out against No. 1 seed Kansas on Friday.
Duke has the best chance to win it all of the remaining ACC teams. But if this tournament has taught us anything, it's that any team is capable of pulling out a W, no matter how big of an upset it seems.
Want to dominate this March? Join SportsLine now to get picks for every postseason college basketball game from the model that went 27-5 in the first round last year and has accurately predicted nine of the 12 double-digit seed upsets the last two years!
Matt Citak is a contributor for CBS Local Sports and a proud Vanderbilt alum. Follow him on Twitter.
CARSON, Calif. — Ryan Hollingshead had a goal and an assist, helping FC Dallas beat the Los Angeles Galaxy 3-2 on Wednesday night.
Dallas (6-1-5) is unbeaten in its last six games against Los Angeles (5-7-1).
FC Dallas scored two goals seven minutes apart in the first half. Mauro Díaz sent a pass along the top of the 18-yard box and Ryan Hollingshead curled it inside the post in the 33rd minute. It was Díaz's seventh assist of the year. In the 40th minute, Hollingshead passed it across goal to find Cristian Colman at the far post for a bouncing header.
Carlos Gruezo added a breakaway goal in the 66th for a 3-0 lead.
Video
She was shot, and he carried her out.
This video has been optimised for mobile viewing on the BBC News app. The BBC News app is available from the Apple App Store for iPhone and Google Play Store for Android.
Best Healthy Breakfasts In MiamiHealth conscience folks around the globe say that breakfast is the most important meal of the day. After all, it has been 6 - 8 hours (or more) since your last meal. But what if you forgot to stop at the grocery store yesterday, or you don't have time to prepare breakfast? The answer may be just down the block. Fast food is okay, but it is generally made in a factory and just heated up; not to mention the calories. Hop on over to one of the stores listed below to get a nice, healthy, down-home breakfast to fuel you up for the day ahead.
Explosion at electric station sends Puerto Rico into blackout SAN JUAN, Puerto Rico — An explosion and fire at an electric substation threw much of northern Puerto Rico into darkness late Sunday in a setback for the U.S. territory's...
Mom who 'blacked out' during baby's death gets 13 years BELFAST, Maine — A woman who drank multiple shots of liquor and smoked marijuana on the night of her infant son's death was ordered Wednesday to serve 13 years in...
Mom charged with killing her baby says she 'blacked out' BELFAST, Maine — A Maine woman charged with killing her 7-week-old baby told the jury she had multiple shots of liquor and smoked marijuana the night of her son's death....
North Korea reportedly conducting nuclear war safety drills As tensions between the US and North Korea continue to grow, the regime has been conducting safety measures for its people amid threats of nuclear war. The country has “conducted...
Tentative deal reached to avoid Yankees playoff blackout Yankees fans with Optimum cable service can thank the closers of a big deal on Sunday. Altice and ESPN parent Disney reached a tentative agreement only minutes after a 5...
Disney threatens blackout of ESPN, ABC in flap with Altice Walt Disney has threatened to pull its programming from the fourth largest US cable distributor, Altice USA, if the two parties cannot reach a deal before the end of the...
More UK households fall below minimum income level
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
ANAHEIM, Calif. — The ISU Four Continents figure skating championships are returning to the U.S. for the first time in seven years.
The meet is scheduled for Feb. 7-10 at Honda Center in Anaheim, California, home to the NHL's Anaheim Ducks.
The competition in singles, pairs and ice dancing features skaters from the Americas, Asia, Africa and Oceania.
The U.S. team will be made up of three skaters or teams in each discipline and will be named after the U.S. nationals in Detroit on Jan. 19-27.
The Imo State Governor, Chief Rochas Okorocha, has said the exit of Alhaji Atiku Abubakar from the ruling All Progressives Congress is not a good development for the party.
Atiku, a former Vice-President, defected recently from the ruling party to the Peoples Democratic Party.
Okorocha spoke with journalists after he received an honorary doctorate degree at the Adekunle Ajasin University, Akungba Akoko, Ondo State on Saturday. He described Abubakar as a heavyweight politician.
He said, “I have taken a holistic view of our party, it (Atiku's exit) is not the best because no matter how anybody thinks, Atiku carries some political weight. His leaving our party is not the best.”
The Imo State Governor, however, noted that since Atiku had decided to move on politically by going to another political party, the APC would make amends and his (Atiku) place would be filled up accordingly.
Reacting to the recent statement credited to the National Leader of the APC, Asiwaju Ahmed Tinubu, which said there would be no automatic ticket for President Muhammadu Buhari for the 2019 presidential election, against the position of the APC governors, Okorocha maintained that he would support Buhari for a second term.
The chairman of the APC Governors' Forum had earlier said all the governors would support the sole candidacy of President Buhari in the 2019 election but Tinubu disagreed insisting that the APC's presidential candidate must emerge through a primary.
Okorocha said, “The (Tinubu's) statement came to me as a surprise; come to think of it, I never referred to him. I referred to the governors of Nigeria, including the PDP governors and I said only one or two of them had not joined yet.
“Since I made the statement, no governor has said something contrary to what I said. I am surprised that Asiwaju will now be speaking for the governors. He looks like somebody crying more than the bereaved. I did not see reason for the statement actually. But he commands my respect and I don't want to take issue with the national leader of my party.
“What I mentioned was for the governors and secondly what I said is support. The word I use is support that does not mean there will not be a primary. Governors can only contribute 37 votes; we still have over 5,000 votes up there. What I was talking about was governors. I was not talking about other party members. Governors alone do not determine the standard bearer of a party.”
A storm headed for the Central Coast could drop as much as 6 inches of rain on San Luis Obispo County by Thursday, according to PG&E meteorologist John Lindsey.
A deep upper-level low-pressure system moving toward the Central Coast is forecast to tap into a large plume of subtropical moisture and create an "atmospheric river," which will bring strong to gale-force winds between 25 and 38 mph as well as moderate to heavy rain, Lindsey said.
"We're very worried and concerned," Lindsey said. "It's good to be prepared now, get prepared before the storm hits." Lindsey added that the forecast models have been consistent in predicting heavy rainfall for the area.
Never miss a local story. Sign up today for unlimited digital access to our website, apps, the digital newspaper and more. SUBSCRIBE NOW
Here's this afternoon's model runs. #ECMWF is still advertising 4 & 6 inches of rain in SLO County Tuesday p.m. into Thursday. Both the #ECMWF & #GFS indicates between 6 & 8 inches in the burn areas of Santa Barbara & Ventura counties. #CaWx@CALFIRE_PIO@Cal_OES@CHP_Coastalpic.twitter.com/doxIxzuohD — John Lindsey (@PGE_John) March 19, 2018
"This is easily the most rain this season," he said.
Rain is forecast to last from Tuesday morning into Thursday. According to the National Weather Service, San Luis Obispo, Santa Barbara and Ventura counties will see the heaviest rain from Wednesday afternoon through Thursday morning.
Rainfall totals in that time for San Luis Obispo County are forecast to be between 4 and 6 inches, Lindsey said. In the recent burn areas of Santa Barbara and Ventura counties, rainfall totals could be between 4 and 8 inches.
SHARE COPY LINK The rains in the beginning of March 2018 have brought a healthy flow of water to San Luis Obispo Creek. Joe Johnston
The rain is predicted to "bring a threat of significant flash flooding and mud and debris flows to recent burn areas," the NWS said. "While there is some uncertainty in the positioning of the heaviest rainfall with this system, areas under the heaviest rainfall are projected to see rainfall rates ranging between 0.50 and 0.75 inch per hour."
The agency added that there is a 20 percent chance rainfall rates could reach 1 inch per hour, and 1 to 2 inches of rain in a three-hour period are possible.
Wet week ahead! Wondering when it's going to start? Here's a timing loop to show the current thinking. #cawx#CAstormpic.twitter.com/4dhEqkpDlu — NWS Sacramento (@NWSSacramento) March 19, 2018
In advance of the storm, Santa Barbara County emergency officials issued a pre-evacuation advisory on Saturday for communities below recent wildfire burn areas.
The Santa Barbara Humane Society announced Monday it will offer free emergency boarding for dogs and cats on Monday and Tuesday. Evacuees can arrive as early as 8 a.m., but the organization asks anyone arriving after 5 p.m. to call first at 805-964-4777. If you are unable to evacuate your animals, call 805-964-4332 for assistance.
The city of San Luis Obispo announced Monday morning that it will provide sand for sandbags ahead of the storm but asks that community members bring their own shovels and bags. Bags can be found at local hardware stores.
If you want sand, the city will provide them at these locations:
▪ City Corp Yard, 25 Prado Road
▪ Laguna Lake Golf Course, 11175 Los Osos Valley Road
▪ Sinsheimer Park parking lot
▪ Santa Rosa Park
Sand will also be available at Atascadero Fire Station 1, the agency announced Monday afternoon. The station is at 6005 Lewis Ave. People are asked to bring their own bags and shovels.
Here are some tips on how to prepare for the storm, per Lindsey:
▪ Have battery-operated flashlights and radios ready, along with fresh batteries.
▪ Keep your cellphone charged and have a portable charger handy.
▪ If you have a cordless phone or answering machine that uses electricity, have a standard telephone or cellphone handy as backup.
▪ Freeze plastic containers filled with water to make ice blocks that can be put in the freezer or refrigerator during an outage.
▪ Downed power lines should be considered active. Stay away from them and call 911 to report their location.
▪ If you have a generator, make sure it's installed safely.
WASHINGTON (AP) — When President Donald Trump's U.N. ambassador recently urged the world to sever diplomatic ties with North Korea, she was sketchy on the details: Should all embassies close? How about those providing the U.S. intelligence from the largely inscrutable country? And what of Sweden, which helps with imprisoned Americans?
Nikki Haley's recent call to action underscores the challenge for the United States as it tries to advance a nonmilitary strategy for resolving the nuclear standoff with North Korea. Isolating the reclusive, totalitarian state has been a central component of the U.S. plan, even though Washington says it remains open to talks.
Like international economic penalties, the Trump administration believes the diplomatic isolation serves two purposes.
It's designed to punish North Korean leader Kim Jong-un for developing an atomic arsenal of bombs and intercontinental missiles that potentially could deliver nuclear warheads anywhere in the United States. U.S. officials also contend that freezing out North Korea could drive Kim's government to seek negotiations.
“We do know they care a lot about their international reputation,” said Mark Tokola, a former No. 2 at the U.S. Embassy in South Korea.
Trump's team has chalked up some successes in narrowing the North's diplomatic reach. Mexico, Peru, Italy, Spain, and Kuwait have expelled North Korean ambassadors from their countries. Haley said Portugal and the United Arab Emirates have suspended diplomatic relations. Others have cut trade and security ties.
But North Korea isn't and won't be completely isolated.
Last month, China, whose once-close relationship with North Korea has been strained by its adoption of tough U.N. sanctions, sent its highest level envoy to Pyongyang in two years. North Korea also recently welcomed a Russian parliamentary delegation, in a sign of increasing contacts between the former Cold War partners. And the North just hosted the most senior U.N. official to visit in years: Jeffrey Feltman, the undersecretary-general for political affairs.
Even before he departed, experts played down expectations that Feltman, formerly a senior American diplomat, could offer a breakthrough as the standoff over the North's nuclear weapons threatens to spiral into war. Feltman carried no message from Washington, State Department spokesman Heather Nauert said.
Yet Feltman's visit, which included an audience with Kim's foreign minister, added to questions about how effectively the U.S. can isolate North Korea. Feltman left Pyongyang on Saturday after four days of talks with the North Korean Foreign Ministry. “I have to brief the secretary-general first,” he said when asked for details of his trip.
Also unresolved is whether Trump and his top advisers have a game plan for the second half of a strategy they've called “maximum pressure and engagement.” If North Korea signals a willingness to negotiate, now that Kim has declared that he has “realized the great historic cause of completing the state nuclear force,” how will the U.S. respond?
“This is probably as good a time as any to try to pivot to engagement,” said Suzanne DiMaggio at the New America think tank, who has been involved in several rounds of unofficial talks with North Korean officials. She said the administration has focused almost completely on pressure.
Kim's declaration followed North Korea's test last month of its most powerful intercontinental missile yet, which led Haley, at an emergency U.N. Security Council meeting, to speak of a world “closer to war.” At the same time, she pushed for others to cut trade and diplomatic ties with Pyongyang.
U.S. officials say doing so would stop North Korea from abusing diplomatic privileges that allow it to raise revenues or conduct illegal business in support of its nuclear and missile programs. It's also intended to exploit North Korean sensitivity to its international standing.
But the U.S. has given mixed messages on what form concretely the isolation should take.
Haley called on all governments to sever ties. Other U.S. officials say the emphasis is on getting North Korean diplomats expelled from overseas postings, not on closing foreign embassies in Pyongyang. To date, no embassies have shut down in the North Korean capital as a result of the U.S. campaign.
According to research by the Washington-based East-West Center and the National Committee on North Korea, North Korea maintains diplomatic relations with 167 countries. It has embassies in 47 foreign capitals. Twenty-four countries have embassies in Pyongyang, and those include American rivals and friends.
“If the U.S. is really serious about depriving North Korea of diplomatic relations, it must start with its own closest ally, Great Britain,” said Artyom Lukin, a North Korea expert at Far Eastern Federal University in Vladivostok, Russia.
Since the U.S. has no diplomatic presence of its own in North Korea — the two sides remain technically in a state of war — it relies to some extent on Britain, Germany and other partners to stay abreast of what's happening there. Most critically, it needs Sweden, its protecting power, to assist three currently detained Americans in North Korea, on the rare occasions when Kim's government allows consular access.
Any isolation campaign will have only marginal diplomatic and economic effect without the participation of North Korea's most powerful partners, China and Russia. Both support more dialogue with the North, not more diplomatic sanctions.
Even if only smaller countries follow America's advice, the U.S. could lose potential go-betweens, such as Vietnam and Mongolia, which have constructive relations with the U.S. and North Korea.
“If they left, I would be worried I was losing a source of information and a more neutral voice that the North Koreans might actually listen to,” said Frank Jannuzi, a former Senate staff specialist on Asia.
___
Online:
State Department on North Korea: https://www.state.gov/p/eap/ci/kn/
Tennis Wales chief executive Peter Drew tells BBC Sport Wales the nation has a very promising group of young players on the rise.
He says they include six juniors who have played for Great Britain and won significant titles in recent years.
Members of the Amalgamated Union of Public Corporations, Civil Service, Technical and Recreational Services Employees (AUPCTRE) have rejected the list of delegates for its forthcoming National Delegate Conference, a communiqué has said.
The communiqué, made available to newsmen last Friday in Abuja, alleged that the process of selecting the delegates was not transparent.
The communiqué was co-signed by Messrs Elkana Nabodi and Abdullahi Balange, the chairmen of Bayelsa and Kastina states, respectively.
The communiqué was drawn at the end of meeting of state chairmen and secretaries and National Coordinating Committees (NCCs) of AUPCTRE last Thursday.
“These concerns came up at deliberations on the 6th quadrennial delegate conference on the apportionment of delegates to the National Delegate Conference (NDC) scheduled for October 18 to October 19, 2017, at Ibadan, Oyo State, Nigeria.
“The aforementioned state chairmen and secretaries of NCCs frowned vehemently at the non-transparent way the delegate list was prepared.
“The format and modalities used in the computation of the delegate list is only known to the AUPCTRE National President, Comrade Solomon Adelegan, and we reject it in its entirety,'' the communiqué said.
The communiqué said there was need for immediate action and review of the list by the AUPCTRE National Secretariat.
It said that the secretariat should state how much it adopted as a ceiling for each delegate and same should be applicable to all state councils without any preferential allocation to undeserving state or organ.
“Why was the list not brought before the National Governing Council (NGC) for ratification and complaints therein dealt with, as the tradition of the union in all past delegate conferences?
“The national president has usurped the powers of the NGC by preparing and distributing delegates to organs in fragrant disregard to provisions of the constitution.
“By the above actions of the national president, it has become clear that he is not prepared for the delegate conference and wants to drag the union into disrepute and chaos thus, intends to disintegrate the union,'' the communiqué said.
The communiqué called on the Nigerian Labour Congress (NLC), Federal Ministry of Labour and Employment, and security agencies to prevail on Adelagan to desist from acts capable of destroying the union and breakdown of law and order.
Reacting, Adelagan dismissed the allegations, saying that everybody was carried along in the selection process.
He said that neither the delegate list nor the parameters used in drawing it was prepared but by the National Secretariat of the union.
“It was discussed at the secretariat meeting of the union. Afterwards, the National Executive Council (NEC) of the union met and discussed the parameters recommended by the secretariat.
“The parameters were presented at NEC meeting in which all members were around.
“We had three options: A, B, and C; and after the motions, we voted to choose between B and C.
“Out of about 35 people who were at the NEC meeting, those that chose option B were less than 10 and those that went for option C were more than 25,'' he said.
Adelagan said that as a result of the overwhelming vote for option C, only one document was sent to the secretariat which he signed in front of NEC members.
ATLANTA (AP) Few thought the Atlanta Falcons would be the NFC's No. 2 playoff seed when they lost the season opener.
Quarterback Matt Ryan remained confident.
The Falcons dropped seven of their last nine games in 2015. When they fell at home to Tampa Bay in Week 1 this year, it seemed the franchise was headed for more disappointment.
Instead, a 38-32 victory Sunday over New Orleans has Atlanta (11-5) on a four-game winning streak headed into the postseason. The Falcons are off this week and will get some needed rest with several players recovering from injuries.
”That's what you work hard for in the offseason,” Ryan said. ”When you're training all those days, it's to give yourselves opportunities at this time of the year. I'm proud of the way our guys responded and handled that all year.”
The Saints finished a third straight 7-9 season.
Coach Sean Payton's name is being speculated with the Los Angeles Rams' vacancy. Drew Brees established an NFL record with his fifth season of at least 5,000 yards passing. He set another single-season league high with 471 completions, but the numbers felt empty.
New Orleans didn't place one player on the Pro Bowl roster while the Falcons had six. That Super Bowl title the Saints won to end the 2009 season seems light years away, though Brees disagrees.
”Just like '07 and '08 prepared us for the '09 seasons, I feel like '14, '15 and '16 are preparing us for what's in store next year,” Brees said. ”I believe that's great things.”
Payton refused to answer questions about his future with the team. He will spend Monday doing the customary exit interviews with players.
HOW IT UNFOLDED
The score was close, but the outcome was decided in the first half. Atlanta scored touchdowns on all five of its possessions, led 35-13 at halftime and showed why it has the league's most prolific offense.
New Orleans pulled within 13 with 2:47 remaining, but any chance it had to win was all but done when Jalen Collins intercepted Brees with 6:58 left and Atlanta leading by 19.
KUDOS TO THE LINE
All-Pro receiver Julio Jones, who caught seven passes for 96 yards and one touchdown, heaped credit on the Falcons' revamped offensive line, anchored by Alex Mack, the NFL's highest-paid center.
The Falcons signed Mack in March and are delighted they did. His leadership and skill set gave Ryan the time he needed this year to set his feet and make accurate throws. Jones benefited, too.
”Matt's always been able to make those plays,” Jones told The Associated Press. ”I'm not taking anything away from us because we've been doing a great job. We're going to play for each other, but the offensive line has done a heck of a job for us.”
THAT HURTS
Falcons rookie safety Keanu Neal, the league's 17th overall draft pick, left the game late in the fourth quarter with concussion symptoms.
It's a good thing the Falcons have a bye this week to give Neal more time to recover. He is their leader in the secondary with cornerback Desmond Trufant out for the season with a shoulder injury.
Cornerback Robert Alford left late in the fourth with a sore knee. Outside linebacker Vic Beasley, who began the day as the NFL sacks leader with 14.5, had to go to the sideline in the first quarter with a shoulder injury, but he returned in the second.
THESE GUYS ARE GOOD
Sunday marked the third straight game that Atlanta running backs Devonta Freeman and Tevin Coleman combined for over 200 yards from scrimmage.
The combo was at its best on the opening drive with Freeman catching two screen passes for 48 combined yards and Coleman catching a screen that resulted in a 7-yard TD.
”Their explosiveness, their unselfishness, their mindset to do whatever it takes to win – guys appreciate that,” Ryan said. ”They feel that in the locker room, that they're putting the team first. I think they've set a great example for the rest of us.”
DOME WINDING DOWN
Falcons owner Arthur Blank said the $1.6 billion Mercedes-Benz Stadium, which opens next year, will be ready to host his MLS team this summer.
The Georgia Dome will be imploded.
”It's been an exciting 15 years (as owner) at the Georgia World Congress Center has been a great partner,” Blank said. ”The Georgia Dome has been a great place to play ball, and we've got more games coming up this season.”
—
Follow George Henry on Twitter at www.twitter.com/georgehenryAP . His work can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/content/george-henry .
—
For more NFL coverage: www.pro32.ap.org and www.twitter.com/AP-NFL
We detail exactly who the in-demand Tom Pidcock is and why he has been likened to Peter Sagan.
Touted as a “mini-Sagan” and attracting the attention of WorldTour teams at just 17, Tom Pidcock is the most highly-rated British rider for a generation.
The reigning junior national, European and world cyclocross champion, the Leeds teenager is just as prolific on the road as he is a muddy trail, and his bike-handling skills and celebrations would be a match for Peter Sagan (hence the similarities).
Born in the summer of 1999, Pidcock took up cycling from an early age and his winning instincts were prevalent from the off: in just his second race, aged eight, he won the West Riding Track League 400m scratch.
Over the next five years, racing for Lichfield City and then Aire Valley RT, Pidcock was a regular visitor to the podium in juvenile and youth track and circuit races. In total he won 40 times, with the standout years being 2011 when he was victorious on 13 occasions, and 2013 when he won 17 races.
It was May 2014, though, where Pidcock first emerged as a prodigious talent. At just 14-years-old, he beat adults in the 2/3/4 category Lewis Balyckyi Memorial Crits race. He would go onto win 25 races in all that year.
Joining Oldfield-Paul Milnes in 2015, Pidcock continued to rack up his victory tally, winning a further 24 races across road, cyclocross and track, including five category 2/3/4 races.
The winter of 2015/16 saw Pidcock win four rounds of the cyclocross National Trophy in the junior men's category, before finishing second at the Hoogerheide World Cup event and fifth in the World Championships.
By then he was a name that most domestic cycling fans were acquainted with, but it was 2016 that he began to become more widely known.
On the road and track he took 15 wins, including an impressive victory in the Clayton Spring Classic, an E/1/2/3/4 event, where he beat UCI Continental pros such as James Gullen and Jack Pullar. He also won two stages of the Junior Tour of Wales.
On foreign soil, the Yorkshire teenager turned in a series of excellent results racing for VCUK-Ph-mas and Great Britain: he won a stage and came second at the Acht van Bladel in the Netherlands; won the Premio Santa Isabel race in Spain; claimed three podium places at the Junior Tour of the Basque country; and then won La Philippe Gilbert Juniors in convincing fashion, a race won in the past by Jan Bakelants and Jasper Stuyven.
In the 2016/17 cyclo-cross season, the Oldfield-Paul Milnes rider raced 15 events and won a quite staggering 13 races.
His winter palmarès included three wins in the UCI Junior World Cup and then, of course, his European, National and World Championship successes.
It is little wonder the Belgian press have made similarities with Peter Sagan and have described him as an “English wonder-boy”.
With Pidcock now turning his attention to the 2017 road season, several WorldTour teams are chasing his signature. Cyclocross teams are also wanting to secure his services for next season, with Sven Nys' team Telenet-Fidea Lions thought to be in pole position.
Win count in all disciplines, in all age ranges and in all countries, to date (correct as of February 15, 2017): 117
2008: one win
2009, six wins
2010, two wins
2011, 13 wins
2012: two wins
2013: 17 wins
2014: 25 wins
2015: 23 wins
2016: 24 wins
2017: four wins
The Greater New Bedford Garden Club is accepting applications for the $1,500 Rose L. Murphy Scholarship to be awarded to a student enrolled in a full-time college program in 2017-2018. The applicant must be pursuing a degree either in environmental sciences, horticulture, landscape architecture, conservation, or related scientific fields.
Students are required to have been a legal Massachusetts resident for at least one year prior to June 1 of his /her school graduation. You will find application forms and requirements at your local high school or secondary school's guidance office.
You can send applications to Ms. Ellen P. Flynn, Chair of Scholarship for the Greater New Bedford Garden Club, P.O. Box 1312, Mattapoisett, MA 02739. Applications and required paperwork must be received on or before May 1, 2017.
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Russia's spat with the US is not a return to the cold war
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
BOULDER, CO--(Marketwired - Apr 17, 2017) - DMC Global Inc. (formerly Dynamic Materials Corporation) ( NASDAQ : BOOM) will announce its 2017 first quarter financial results after the stock market closes on Thursday, April 27, 2017. Following the earnings release, executive management will host a conference call and simultaneous webcast.
The conference call will begin at 5 p.m. Eastern (3 p.m. Mountain) and will be accessible by dialing 877-407-0778 (201-689-8565 for international callers). No passcode is necessary. A telephonic replay will be available through May 4, 2017, by calling 877-481-4010 (919-882-2331 for international callers) and entering the Conference ID #10339.
Investors are invited to listen to the webcast live via the Internet at: http://www.investorcalendar.com/IC/CEPage.asp?ID=175856
The webcast also will be available on the Investor page of DMC's website, located at: www.dmcglobal.com/investors.
A replay of the webcast will be available for 90 days. For additional information, please contact Geoff High at 303-604-3924.
About DMC Global Inc.
Based in Boulder, Colorado, DMC operates in two sectors: industrial infrastructure and oilfield products and services. The industrial infrastructure sector is served by DMC's NobelClad business, the world's largest manufacturer of explosion-welded clad metal plates, which are used to fabricate capital equipment utilized within various process industries and other industrial sectors. The oilfield products and services sector is served by DynaEnergetics, an international developer, manufacturer and marketer of advanced explosive components and systems used to perforate oil and gas wells. For more information, visit the Company's website at: http://www.dmcglobal.com.
After graduating from Middle Tennessee State University, Sipp started her 11-year commercial insurance career in Nashville, working first in marketing and then growing into an account manager role.
“I'm very happy to be back in Lebanon where I grew up and can spend more time with my family while also reconnecting with old friends. THW Insurance is my forever home and where I plan on staying for the remainder of my career. I'm excited to have the opportunity to offer services, which help businesses' project their assets. I look forward to this new journey and have already had the pleasure of helping clients with their insurance needs,” said Sipp.
“We are extremely excited to have Rebecca on board sharing her knowledge and experience with our customers on their insurance needs,” said Rick Thorne, partner at THW Insurance Services.
To find out more information about Sipp or THW Insurance Services, call her at 615-446- 9742 or email him at rebecca@thwins.com. Visit thwins.com to find out about all the insurance services offered.
THW Insurance Services is an independent agent for the sale of insurance products available through, and underwritten by, a number of carefully selected insurance companies. Founded in 1999, the experienced insurance professionals at THW are dedicated to assist in selecting the insurance program that best fits a person's needs. The THW Insurance team has more than 75 years of combined insurance experience.
Local 6 will stream live on Wednesday a police briefing about the shooting that happened at a congressional baseball practice in Alexandria, Virginia.
The briefing will be part of an NBC News Special Report, which you can watch here. The briefing is expected to begin around 4:30 p.m., CT.
To see what has been reported so far about the shooting, click the links to the left of this story.
Watch, Text, and Win Tickets To 'Love Never Dies'Try to win a pair of tickets to Love Never Dies by answering the question seen in our contest commercial. Just text the correct answer and you're entered.
Sign-Up Now For Our 2017 Knockout PoolPut your football expertise to the test for your chance at $5,000.
Have What It Takes To Win? Sign-Up NowPick a winner for every game each week for your chance at $5000.
Get The CBSMiami Weather AppGet the new CBSMiami Weather app and stay up to date on severe weather in South Florida.
Alternate Means Of Entry For CBS Miami Texting ContestsNo mobile phone or texting plan? No problem! You can enter online for any contest on CBS Miami by entering here as an alternate means of entry.
WQAM (AM) Contest and Promotion RulesUnless otherwise specified by Radio Station WQAM (AM) (the “Station”), these rules cover routine contests and promotions conducted by the Station. These rules may be amended by separate specific rules for major contests or promotions conducted by the Station or its sponsors.
Mozilla scraps Firefox's 'Aurora' dev track
But the change won't speed up browser's release tempo.
Credit: Magdalena Petrova
Mozilla today announced it would drop one of Firefox's preview tracks that have let customers test early versions of the browser before wider deployment.
Companies running Firefox, and testing the browser using the "Aurora" track, will be automatically migrated to the "Beta" channel today.
"It became clear that Aurora was not meeting our expectations as a first stabilization channel," wrote Dave Camp, director of engineering for Firefox; Sylvestre Ledru, the browser's release manager; and Ali Spivak, head of developer marketing, in a post to a Mozilla blog.
Mozilla has offered multiple versions of each Firefox edition since 2011, when it began offering four builds -- Nightly, Aurora, Beta and Release -- each of which was supposed to be more stable than the previous.
"We have more modern processes underlying our [release] train model, and believe we can deliver feature-rich, stable products without the additional 6-8-week Aurora phase," said Camp, Ledru and Spivak.
In that "train" approach, Mozilla added a new feature to the least stable version, Developer, then when the feature was ready, moved it to the next track, Aurora. As development progressed, the feature would shift to Beta and then finally to Release.
But Mozilla acknowledged that the system had sometimes failed. "The release cycle time has required that we subvert the model regularly over the years by uplifting new features to meet market requirements," the company admitted in an accompanying FAQ, referring to times when it has had to skip one of the tracks or shorten the time a feature spent on one.
Firefox users on the Aurora channel were to be moved to Beta today, according to the FAQ. Aurora will not be updated after tomorrow, when Firefox 53 is to ship in final, or Release, form.
With Aurora's disappearance, Mozilla will rely on Beta for the first widespread distribution of each edition of Firefox. To make up for Aurora's absence, each beta will be rolled out in stages, just as Release has long been, with the idea that if major problems crop up, they do so early on and thus affect only a subset of customers before the spigot is turned off.
Aurora's elimination will not increase the frequency of Release builds issued or decrease the time between each Release version; the latter will continue to range from six to nine weeks. Nor will the already-slated dates for future versions of Firefox ESR (Extended Support Release) change. That edition, designed for enterprises and other large organizations, remains stable for approximately a year. Much like Windows 10's LTSB (Long-term Servicing Branch), ESR receives only security updates.
Ditching Aurora, however, will let Mozilla move a new feature from inception to final about six to eight weeks faster than before.
1
When Tim Cook announced that the new Apple TV would support 4K video, he followed up by saying iTunes customers who had already purchased movies would receive a free upgrade...
A routine traffic stop became anything but routine when the driver pulled out a gun and killed himself.
At least five vehicles were involved in a crash in Old Town on Tuesday, blocking off lanes on the freeway, the California Highway Patrol (CHP) confirmed.
The collision occurred at approximately 5:20 p.m. on the connector on the northbound Interstate 5 and Interstate 8.
A motorcyclist was reported to be down, CHP said. The extent of injuries is unknown at this time.
A Sig alert has been issued.
No other information was available.
Check back for updates on this breaking news.
OTTAWA — Days after it was unveiled, the space for the dedication plaque at the National Holocaust Monument is empty, marked only by boltholes.
The plaque's now in for a rewrite, after failing to mention Jews or the Jewish people, the prime targets of the Second World War genocide.
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau dedicated the monument last week and complaints about the original plaque were quick to come.
Martin Sampson, of the Centre for Israel and Jewish Affairs, says the wording was noticed immediately and the government acknowledged the error.
Conservative MP David Sweet also raised the matter in question period this week, asking about what he called a "profoundly obvious omission."
Heritage Minister Melanie Joly says the plaque will be replaced.
"The government is committed to building a more inclusive society and the National Holocaust Monument commemorates the six million Jews, as well as the five million other victims, who were murdered during the Holocaust," she said in the Commons.
"It stands as a reminder of the dangers of hatred, racism, and intolerance, while affirming respect for human rights, dignity, and resilience."
"The plaque has been removed and will be replaced with language that reflects the horrors experienced by the Jewish people."
Sampson said he feels the wording was just an oversight, with no malice involved.
"It is important to note that Jews and the Jewish experience during the Holocaust are mentioned extensively on other panels on the interior of the monument," he said.
The memorial, entitled Landscape of Loss, Memory and Survival, lies just across the street from the National War Museum and within sight of the Peace Tower.
It is a collection of stark concrete triangles laid out to form the points of a stretched Star of David.
The monument came into being after the Commons in 2011 unanimously passed a private member's bill tabled by then-Conservative MP Tim Uppal.
A National Holocaust Monument development council began to raise $4.5 million in private donations for the memorial.
The federal government contributed about $4 million.
The Canadian Press
Buy Photo Cheryl Kursave stands outside of her house in Milton on Thursday, October 5, 2017. (Photo: Gregg Pachkowski/gregg@pnj.com)Buy Photo
A Milton resident wants to continue to rent out rooms in her Robin Avenue home to make ends meet, but Cheryl Kursave doesn't care for the process the city is proposing to allow her to maintain the roommate arrangement.
Kursave, who is unemployed, said the $250 application fee and required approval from a citizen board to allow her to continue to have boarders in a residential area is not the right approach.
"If they don't allow me to do this and I can't get a job, what am I supposed to do?" asked the 55-year-old.
The proposed process would also require a seven-person board of adjusters to consult with neighbors within 500 feet of Kursave's property before granting the exception that was suggested by Milton Planning Director Randy Jorgenson.
More: Abstinence-only group will lead sex education for Santa Rosa County high schools
"If no one objects, who are we to object?" Jorgenson said. "If they do care, we should be able to protect their interests. Part of why we're here is to protect the economic interest of others. If you have a house and you put a boarding house next to it, there could be an adversarial interest because of devaluation of property. And you could say I object."
The city agreed to look at the issue after Kursave pleaded her case to the Milton City Council in August. She has not worked since April 2013 and she said she earns approximately $14,500 yearly — all of it from the rent collected from the roommates.
Buy Photo Cheryl Kursave disassembles a puzzle at her house in Milton on Thursday, October 5, 2017. (Photo: Gregg Pachkowski/gregg@pnj.com)
Jorgenson said the City Council will take up the matter again at a future council meeting. The city will hold outreach meetings for citizens to gauge feedback, and then two public readings of the ordinance must be held before a change is made no later than February.
In July, Kursave received a notification from the city's code enforcement department that she was in violation of city laws because she was renting rooms to unrelated residents. She has done this since 1993.
That activity is not permitted according to zoning laws in the residential area where Kursave lives.
More: Median rent for one-bedroom apartment in Pensacola holds steady at $830
Kursave said the city's solution is unnecessary, and the motivation for the violation came from Alan Lowery, a neighbor, who is on the City Council. Kursave says Lowery doesn't like her.
"There are probably 15 people in the neighborhood who rent rooms," she said. "Why do I care if someone two streets over has a roommate? And like that, I don't need everyone to know my business. Leave me alone."
Buy Photo Art Smith plays his guitar in the room that he rents from homeowner Cheryl Kursave in Milton on Thursday, October 5, 2017. (Photo: Gregg Pachkowski/gregg@pnj.com)
Lowery said Kursave "blames me for everything," but he's not pleased with the frequent law enforcement presence at Kursave's home. Kursave acknowledged that law enforcement had been called to her home 51 times in 12 years.
Kursave argues the term "boarding house" doesn't apply because meals are not included as part of the rent for the roommates, all of whom have access to kitchen and laundry facilities.
Kursave says she charges different rates for the rooms — from $100 and $120 per week to $425 per month for another roommate.
The situation has been a match made in heaven for Art Smith, a surveyor in Chumuckla who has lived in Kursave's house since June 2016.
"I'd like her to continue (renting rooms)," Smith said. "She's trying to do something, rent rooms, to use what she has where she's at. We get along real fine. I hope it works."
Read or Share this story: http://www.pnj.com/story/news/local/milton/2017/10/06/home-sweet-home-milton-woman-wants-rent-rooms-city-says-not-so-fast/731758001/
College football's first national championship game rematch is set, and it has the potential to be an all-time classic, loaded with future pros, elite playmakers on both sides of the ball, and arguably the two best players in the sport in Clemson quarterback Deshaun Watson and Alabama defensive lineman Jonathan Allen.
Alabama and Clemson finished first and second, respectively, last year, were No. 1 and No. 2 in the preseason polls, and were the top two seeds in the College Football Playoff.
Here is a look at a few storylines that are sure to dominate the next week of hype before the teams meet at Raymond James Stadium in Tampa, Fla., on Jan. 9.
Deshaun Watson against Alabama
The Heisman Trophy runner-up made one of Nick Saban's best defenses look mortal last January, putting up 478 all-purpose yards and four touchdowns, and he has even more weapons to work with now. Wide receivers Mike Williams (injury) and Deon Cain (suspension) didn't play in last year's title game. And while Watson's numbers were down this year — more interceptions, significantly fewer rushing yards — he has looked like the same dynamic players of late, particularly in the Fiesta Bowl rout of Ohio State, when he effortlessly put up 316 yards and three touchdowns.
Don't think Saban won't remind his players what Watson did to them, and Saban has plenty of star power to rely upon, in potential No. 1 pick Allen, do-it-all linebacker Reuben Foster and pass-rushing dynamos Tim Williams and Ryan Anderson. Despite losing six starters, the Crimson Tide's defense remained the standard in the sport, allowing just 11.4 points per game, and made Washington's prolific attack look anemic in the Peach Bowl.
Clemson defense
This unit was forgotten in the lead-up to the Fiesta Bowl, overshadowed by Watson and his array of playmaking wide receivers against the Ohio State ball-hawking secondary. But the Tigers' defense owned the University of Phoenix Stadium field, holding the Buckeyes to 215 total yards, most of which came in garbage time with the game well in hand.
The front seven overwhelmed Ohio State's offensive line, and harassed quarterback J.T. Barrett all night. The star-studded defensive line is loaded with potential pros, the kind of big and fast linemen Alabama is known to produce.
The Crimson Tide will pose more of a challenge, but this Tigers defense has more depth and difference-makers than it did a year ago. Just consider, Ohio State's offense averaged 42.9 points per game during the regular season, and it had no answers for the Tigers.
Saban versus Swinney
You'll hear a ton about Saban's Alabama dynasty, how the Crimson Tide are going after their fifth title in eight years. But Dabo Swinney and Clemson, going for their first crown since 1981, shouldn't be forgotten. He gets overlooked when the top coaches are discussed, the Sabans and Urban Meyers and Jim Harbaughs of the world. Remember,
Swinney has beaten Meyer in the postseason twice in the last four years. He nearly beat Saban last year. He has transformed Clemson into an annual title contender. Beat Alabama, and they should build a statue for him in Death Valley.
Jalen Hurts
The College Football Playoff stage seemed a bit big for the true freshman. While Alabama won handily, Hurts struggled, throwing for just 57 yards and being held to 2.6 yards per carry. He got away with it, because the Crimson Tide was vastly superior to Washington, but Alabama may not be able to get away with playing around its quarterback again. Clemson just shut down a running quarterback in Barrett, and its 19th-ranked rushing defense could force Alabama to be one-dimensional, putting even more pressure on Hurts.
Cambridge Analytica's chief executive officer Alexander Nix gives an interview during the 2017 Web Summit in Lisbon on Nov. 9, 2017.
In a meeting with the head of Cambridge Analytica — the political data firm used by the Trump campaign in 2016 — reporters from NBC News' U.K. partner ITN Channel 4 News posed as potential clients interested in changing the outcome of the Sri Lankan elections.
The reporters, who were trying to find out how the company operated, quickly learned about the novel and deceptive methods employed by the company, including bribes, blackmail, and misinformation campaigns. The findings were broadcast by the network on Monday.
On hidden camera, the reporters recorded Alexander Nix, chief executive of Cambridge Analytica, discussing the idea of hypothetically entrapping an opposition leader.
He described how the company could record a person accepting a bribe, "an offer he can't refuse," or "send some girls around to the candidate's house."
FBI Deputy Director Fired Two Days Before Retirement
Overwatch's newest event, Halloween Terror, is only a few days away and the leaks are starting to come in. Perhaps one of the most anticipated times of the year for Overwatch fans, this special event is seeking to bring a plethora of terrifying new outfits for players to wear. Spotted and subsequently posted on Reddit by user Mnemosynaut players got a look at three new skins for Symmetra, Zenyatta, and Mei.
Here are the three new skins that were leaked today:
For those that are unaware of what these skins are trying to convey, Zenyatta is taking the form of Cthulu or a typical cosmic horror beast. Symmetra is a demoness and Mei is actually a Jiangshi which is a Chinese vampire. These mark the first skins outside of McCree and Reaper that have been revealed and we have no doubt that they are of the Legendary rarity.
Our personal favorite is the Cthulu Zenyatta which looks absolutely fantastic from top to bottom. Expect these outfits to cost 3,000 coins so you better start saving up if you want to add them to your collection. If you want to obtain any of the older skins then you will only have to pay 1,000 coins so make sure to nab that Junkenstein or Witch Mercy skin while they are available.
One interesting detail is we can actually see the inside of the Eichenwalde's castle, which looks converted into Dr. Junkenstein's lab. This may either confirm that the Hybrid map is getting a Halloween makeover or that this is the next section for the assumed return of Junkenstein's Revenge. Given the waves of positive feedback this game mode got when it first released back in 2016, we fully expect its return. Now if you excuse us, we need to start grinding for coins so we can afford all these amazing Overwatch outfits.
FILE – In this April 8, 2009, file photo, musician Walter "Bunny" Sigler performs at a ceremony honoring Grammy-winning producer Leon Huff in Camden, N.J. Blending soul, funk and big band styles as a singer, songwriter and producer who helped create the "The Sound of Philadelphia," Sigler died of a heart attack Friday, Oct. 6, 2017, at his home outside Philadelphia, according to his longtime attorney and manager Lloyd Zane Remick. Sigler was 76. (AP Photo/Mel Evans, File)
FILE – In this Oct. 8, 2009, file photo, musician Walter 'Bunny' Sigler performs during the seventh inning of Game 2 of the National League division baseball series between the Colorado Rockies and Philadelphia Phillies at Citizens Bank Park in Philadelphia. Sigler, a singer, songwriter and producer who helped create the 'The Sound of Philadelphia' in the 1970s, died of a heart attack Friday, Oct. 6, 2017, at his home outside Philadelphia. He was 76.
The Associated Press
Walter "Bunny" Sigler, a singer, songwriter and producer who helped create "The Sound of Philadelphia" in the 1970s, has died.
His longtime attorney, Lloyd Zane Remick, said Sigler died of a heart attack Friday at his home outside Philadelphia. He was 76.
Sigler worked with Kenny Gamble and Leon Huff in developing a genre that blended soul, funk and big band styles, and cemented the city in the country's musical landscape with its lush horn ensembles and smooth vocals.
Gamble said Sigler was one of the most talented songwriters and producers he ever worked with, and "more importantly, he was like family to us."
As a performer, Sigler was known for such hits as "Let the Good Times Roll & (Feel So Good)."
In a 2008 interview with National Public Radio, Gamble said he, Huff and Sigler also performed background vocals on some of their songs, including the chart-topping "If You Don't Know Me by Now," recorded by Harold Melvin & the Blue Notes.
His career spanned decades and saw collaborations with acts as varied as Patti LaBelle and Jay-Z.
Sigler "spent his life using his talents to bring love and joy to others and for that we are all grateful!" LaBelle tweeted.
Remick said he worked right up to the end, posting songs and music videos on his YouTube channel as recently as August even as health issues kept him hospitalized for long stretches of time.
He is survived by his wife, Martha, and two children.
Funeral arrangements were pending.
Ligon & Bobo wins LGSA 6U Parsons Award
Ligon & Bobo won the Lebanon Girls Softball Association's 6-under Curt Parsons Memorial Sportsmanship award. Players are Paidleigh Guy, London Langford, Maile Morris, Lillie Plotts, Nataliyah Dowell, Olivia Edwards, Coraline Fisher, Gwendolyn Fisher, Makenna Guy, Adalynn Morris, Kinsley Schwend and Ensley Wood. Coaches are Ashley Guy, Amber Rowland and Lisa Williams.
WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump is planning to sign an executive order that seeks to make changes to a visa program that brings in high-skilled workers.
Trump is heading Tuesday to Kenosha, Wisconsin, where he plans to sign an order dubbed “Buy American, Hire American,” said administration officials who spoke on the condition of anonymity despite the president's frequent criticism of the use of anonymous sources.
The officials said the order, which Trump will sign at the headquarters of tool manufacturer Snap-on Inc., would direct the departments of Homeland Security, Justice, Labor and State to propose new rules to prevent immigration fraud and abuse. Those departments would also be asked to offer changes so that H-1B visas are awarded to the “most-skilled or highest-paid applicants.”
The White House said the program is currently undercutting American workers by bringing in cheaper labor and said some tech companies are using it to hire large numbers of workers and drive down wages.
Administration officials said the order also seeks to strengthen requirements that American-made products be used in certain federal construction projects, as well as in various federal transportation grant-funded projects. The officials said the commerce secretary will review how to close loopholes in enforcing the existing rules and provide recommendations to the president.
The order specifically asks the secretary to review waivers of these rules that exist in free-trade agreements. The administration said that if the waivers are not benefiting the United States they will be “renegotiated or revoked.”
During his campaign, Trump said at some point that he supported high-skilled visas, then came out against them. At one debate, he called for fully ending the program, saying: “It's very bad for our workers and it's unfair for our workers. And we should end it.”
The officials said the changes could be administrative or legislative and could include higher fees for the visas, changing the wage scale for the program or other initiatives.
About 85,000 H-1B visas are distributed annually by lottery. Many go to technology companies, which argue that the United States has a shortage of skilled technology workers.
But critics say the program has been hijacked by staffing companies that use the visas to import foreigners — often from India — who will work for less than Americans. The staffing companies then sell their services to corporate clients who use them to outsource tech work.
Employers from Walt Disney World to the University of California in San Francisco have laid off their tech employees and replaced them with H-1B visa holders. Adding to the indignity: The U.S. workers are sometimes asked to train their replacements to qualify for severance packages.
On the planned order by Trump, Ronil Hira, a professor in public policy at Howard University and a critic of the H-1B program, said, “It's better than nothing.” But he added, “It's not as aggressive as it needs to be.”
The tech industry has argued that the H-1B program is needed because it encourages students to stay in the U.S. after getting degrees in high-tech specialties — and they can't always find enough American workers with the skills they need.
Congress is considering several bills to overhaul the visa program. One, introduced by Illinois Democratic Sen. Dick Durbin and Iowa Republican Sen. Chuck Grassley, would require companies seeking H-1B visas to first make a good-faith effort to hire Americans, a requirement many companies can dodge under the current system; give the Labor Department more power to investigate and sanction H-1B abuses; and give “the best and brightest” foreign students studying in the U.S. priority in getting H-1B visas.
Trump's stop at the world headquarters of Snap-on Inc. would come as the president faces an approval rating of just 41 percent in Wisconsin, a state he barely won in November. The visit also would take him to the congressional district of House Speaker Paul Ryan, who won't be joining the president because he's on a bipartisan congressional trip visiting NATO countries.
Trump has traveled to promote his agenda less than his recent predecessors. White House spokesman Sean Spicer said Trump wanted to visit “a company that builds American-made tools with American workers.”
Trump carried Wisconsin in November by nearly 23,000 votes — less than 1 percentage point — making him the first Republican to win the state since 1984. He campaigned on the promise of returning manufacturing jobs that have been lost in Upper Midwest states.
Founded in Wisconsin in 1920, Snap-on makes hand and power tools, diagnostics software, information and management systems, and shop equipment for use in a variety of industries, including agriculture, the military and aviation. Its headquarters are in Kenosha and it has eight manufacturing sites in North America, including one in Milwaukee. The company employs about 11,000 people worldwide.
(© Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
By Anayo Okoli
UMUAHIA—THE Nigerian Export Import Bank, NEXIM, has injected the sum of US$ 10.0 million for the restoration and rehabilitation of the long abandoned popular Golden Guinea Breweries Plc, Umuahia, Abia State.
The loan facility was obtained by core investors, Pan Marine Investments Limited, under medium term, in its bid to revamp the business activities of the breweries.
The $ 10.0 million facility has a tenure of six years with 18 months moratorium on interest and 24 months on principal with an interest of 14% per annum.
The core investor said it intends to restructure and turn around the company's misfortune through technical partnership with Hormes GmbH of Germany who performed the technical review of the brewing assets.
Already, the refurbishing and modernization of the existing 600,000 hectoliter plant to one million hectoliters is about 98% completed even as other key components to the plant were upgraded accordingly.
To confirm the seriousness of work at the plant, the House of Representative Committee on Banking and Currency which oversights NEXIM Bank was at the Breweries last week to inspect progress of work so far.
Led by its chairman, Hon. Bethel Onyeriri, the committee members were satisfied with progress of work and commended the bank for coming up to save the company which would help to provide job to the people.
According to NEXIM's Acting Mangaing Director, Bashir Wali, the bank decided to provide the loan facility because of the huge potentials of the breweries which has the capacity to generate projected direct and indirect employment of about 1200 and also has projected annual exports based on the company's plan of averagely about $ 4.17m.
The post NEXIM bank rescues abandoned breweries with $ 10m loan in Umuahia appeared first on Vanguard News.
We begin with comments about the renewed escalation of violence in the northern border town of Calais, after Thursday's a giant brawl and a shooting that left four Eritrean migrants fighting for their lives. At least twenty-two people were hospitalized with injuries after three fights across the gateway into Britain after the attack masterminded by a suspected Afghan smuggler.
The violence in Calais comes two weeks after President Emmanuel Macron visited the city with a message of zero tolerance on migrants setting up camps like the sprawling "Jungle" which was razed in 2016.
Le Courrier Picard regrets the escalation. It appeals to the migrants to understand that it will probably not end up in Britain as they have dreamt of but may be in French cities like Limoges or may be Picardy that they would end up.
Le Parisien says it may be President Emmanuel Macron's failure to meet with aid associations during his recent visit to Calais which could be to blame for the upsurge in violence.
A number of regional newspapers express bewilderment about the first dark cloud gathering above President Macron's head.
L'Alsace holds that the social discontent of the past few weeks, touch on sectors the French people are strongly attached to: working conditions for prison workers, retirement home workers and students left out by the new University admission selection rules. It is a sign of the growing impatience and a loss of confidence, in Macron's ability to translate reforms into benefits for struggling families.
La Charente Libre analyses the findings of a survey published by Le Figaro on Friday showing that 87 percent of French voters support or sympathize with the protests are capable of derailing Macron's reform agenda.
L'Eclair des Pyrénées says the significant fall in the President's popularity rating has taken pollsters by surprise adding they need to worry about the consequences the findings could have on their credibility.
Today's Le Parisien investigates what has become a nightmare for motorists – the free rise of parking tickets and fines. The paper says that parking attendants have become money-pomping machines since their employer Streeteo equipped them with devices capable of carrying out up to 60 controls per hour.
The paper describes the new parking ticket system “the perfect fatal weapon against drivers, as Streeteo operates from a command center and radar-equipped vehicles to track down defaulters. Le Parisien says hefty fines of up to 50 euros await drivers who exceed the time limit.
“It is tantamount to racketeer”, fumes the Parisian newspaper. What they do, it says, is gone around in radar-equipped vehicles, scanning the number plates of cars and tipping-off parking attendants, at a rate of 1500 cars an hour.
No. 16 Arizona State got a combined 72 points, 14 assists and nine steals from their three-headed monster of Tra Holder, Shannon Evans and Remy Martin as the Sun Devils went into Phog Allen Fieldhouse and handed Kansas their second-straight loss, 95-85. ASU went on an 18-0 second half run to turn a 52-47 deficit into an 65-52 lead they would never relinquish.
It's the first time since Dec. 2013, when Kansas lost to Colorado and Florida in back-to-back road games, that the No. 2-ranked Jayhawks lost two in a row. The difference, of course, is that neither of these losses came on the road; Kansas was beaten by Washington in Kansas City on Wednesday.
Arizona State now owns wins at Kansas and over St. John's and No. 14 Xavier on a neutral floor. They were, without a doubt, the favorite to win the Pac-12 title at this point. They are probably the best team on the west coast, and there is a valid argument to rank them as the No. 1 team in the country.
Here are four things to take away from this result:
1. YES, WE CAN RANK ARIZONA STATE NO. 1 IN THE COUNTRY
I probably won't be the guy to do that, not when Villanova and Michigan State still exist, but there is more than enough reason to do so.
Namely: their wins.
Is there a program in the country that has put together a better trio of wins than at Kansas, Xavier on a neutral and St. John's on a neutral? The Sun Devils also own wins over San Diego State and Kansas State, and perhaps the most impressive part of it is that each of those wins, with the exception of Kansas State, came by double-digits. They put up 102 points on Xavier despite trailing by 15 in the first half. They put up 95 points on Kansas despite trailing by 13 in the first half.
If you're the kind of person that does your rankings based totally on the rèsumè that a team has produced – a completely valid way to rank – then putting Arizona State at No. 1 makes total sense.
So don't be surprised when they get some of them in this week's AP poll.
2. ARIZONA STATE'S ACHILLES' HEEL IS NOT THREES, IT'S DEFENSE
One idea that I've seen bandied about is that Arizona State's performance early on this season is something of a mirage. These guards, as talented as they are, are just tough-shot makers that are running hot right now, and there might be something to that. I'm not going to pretend that shooting 14-for-28 from three at Phog Allen Fieldhouse or 13-for-27 from three against Xavier is the kind of thing that is going to happen every single time that Arizona State plays this season, but I also don't think that's why their offense has been so successful this season.
The Sun Devils get to the line more than just about any other team in the country; Cal St.-Fullerton is the only program with a higher free throw rate than the Sun Devils. That has everything to do with the ability of Evans, Holder and Martin to put the ball on the floor and get into the paint. It's why they get to the line so often, and it's why Romello White gets to the line so often.
That is sustainable, more so than shooting nearly-50 percent from three is.
What may not be sustainable, however, is winning games like this while posting a sub-150 adjusted defensive efficiency on KenPom. That's where Arizona State has problems they need to solve. We saw it on Sunday, as Kansas had a never-ending parade of dunks. Ironically, what may have ended up being the difference is the fact that the Sun Devils had a handful of run-out layups – pick-six turnovers, if you will.
Bobby Hurley's team allowed 1.39 points-per-possession on possessions where Kansas did not turn the ball over. That, quite simply, has to improve if you assume that Arizona State doesn't shoot 50 percent from three every night.
3. KANSAS DESPERATELY NEEDS THEIR REINFORCEMENTS
We talk about it over and over again, but it's the truth. Right now, Kansas goes seven-deep. One of those seven is Mitch Lightfoot, a 6-foot-9 back-up center that is the only big man on the Kansas roster not named Udoka Azubuike. He's fine as a back-up. He's not fine as a guy that is going to have to provide 15-18 minutes a night as the only big man on the floor. He doesn't provide rim protection. He doesn't provide post scoring. He's not a great rebounder. He can commit five fouls and Bill Self some time with Azubuike on the bench. That's it.
They need Silvio De Souza to get his test score and enroll early. They need to find a way to get Billy Preston cleared to play this season. If they don't, we probably need to start entertaining the idea that this might be the Kansas team that sees their Big 12 title streak come to an end.
The other issue is that the only other player on the KU bench is Marcus Garrett, who is a freshman that doesn't quite seem ready for the minutes he's getting. Malik Newman has not been as good as advertised this season, and on Sunday, Svi Mykhailiuk reverted back to the Svi Mykhailiuk of the last three years. What that means is that …
4. … KANSAS HAS ONE GUY THAT CAN CREATE FOR HIMSELF RIGHT NOW
And I'm not quite sure when that is going to change.
I just don't think Newman is all that good. Svi is at his best as a spot-up shooter and a guy that attacks close-outs. Garrett, as of now, cannot be relied upon, and I'm not convinced that Sam Cunliffe or Lagerald Vick are guys that can be more than finishers; at the rim, as a spot-up shooter, etc.
Even Azubuike is someone that has to more or less rely on getting the ball in a position where all he has to do is catch it and dunk it.
That's a massive burden to ask Devonte' Graham to carry, especially when he has to do so while playing every second.
A Georgia man is accused of strangling a woman and her toddler on Easter Sunday, investigators said.
Brandon Williams, 32, was arrested Sunday night after his dad allegedly called police about the incident, FOX 5 Atlanta reported. Police said Williams strangled the woman and her 2-year-old son inside a home on Tybee Drive in Buford, then left the home and headed to a nearby gas station.
TEXAS MOM ACCUSED OF SHOOTING VIDEO, PHOTOS OF CHILD'S ABUSE
Williams' father, who was outside working on a car, discovered the bodies when he went inside the home a short time later, according to FOX 5 Atlanta.
Police found Williams at a RaceTrac on Highway 20 shortly thereafter.
The woman and the boy were rushed to the hospital, where they were pronounced dead.
Investigators don't think Williams and the woman had a romantic relationship. They were both renting the home, FOX 5 Atlanta said.
Read more from FOX 5 Atlanta
Windows 10 Spring Creators Update: What You Need To Know
In many ways, Windows 10 is Microsoft's best operating system yet, and one of the main reasons for this is that Microsoft is continuing to support it with major updates, such as the upcoming Windows 10 Redstone 4.
As with any major update for Windows 10, Redstone 4 looks set to bring a host of exciting new features to the operating system, and here we'll gather up everything we know so far about the upcoming update.
Cut to the Chase
-- What is it? The next major update for Windows 10
-- When is it out? Possibly [this month, March 2018]
-- What will it cost? As with previous major Windows 10 updates, it will be free.
So, when can we expect Windows 10 Redstone 4 to land? The update is the culmination of over a year's work, with features that were first tested by Windows Insiders, a group of users who try out early versions of Windows 10, back in early 2017.
Then, on August 31 2017, Windows 10 Build 16353 was released to Windows Insiders, which is part of the Redstone 4 development branch. This indicated that Microsoft was gearing up for release.
The smart money is on Windows 10 Redstone 4's release date being sometime [this month]. A recent leak of Redstone 4's final name (see below) also makes it pretty certain we'll be seeing the update very soon.
Windows 10 Redstone 4 Name
Redstone 4 is just the codename for the next major update to Windows 10, so expect it to have a catchier name closer to release. Previous major Redstone updates were called 'Anniversary Update,' 'Creators Update' and 'Fall Creators Update.'
It looks like Microsoft may have let slip what it will finally call Windows 10 Redstone 4, with a reference found in its Feedback Hub to 'Spring Creators Update.'
Microsoft quickly removed the reference, but not before people were able to take screenshots.
At the moment, we're pretty convinced that Windows 10 Redstone 4 will be called Spring Creators Update. For a start, Microsoft's haste in removing the reference makes us pretty suspicious! It also follows the naming convention of previous Redstone updates.
Another recent leak again showed that Microsoft will likely call Windows 10 Redstone 4 the Spring Creators Update, this time from infamous Microsoft leaker WalkingCat. The reference to Spring Creators Update was found in the code for the update, pretty much confirming the name.
Windows 10 Redstone 4 Confirmed Features
Because of the extensive testing process of Windows 10 Redstone 4, we have a good idea of some -- but not all -- of the features coming in the Spring Creators Update. These are the features we know about so far.
Timeline
The Timeline feature was supposed to arrive with last year's Fall Creators Update, but Microsoft didn't feel it was ready, so it was cut from the release. Now, after months of testing, it looks like it will debut in Redstone 4.
It shows a visual timeline of the desktop, allowing the user to jump right back into what they were doing on another device -- and that includes Android and iOS handsets.
As well as allowing for this seamless transition when switching between different devices, it will also let the user revisit a desktop state from an earlier time. A bit like a Windows version of macOS Time Machine.
It could prove to be a really useful feature, so fingers crossed it's ready in time.
User interface improvements
The way Windows 10 looks will get a big overhaul with Redstone 4, with the ‘Fluent Design' look giving making the operating system look better than ever when the Spring Creators Update arrives.
Many windows and menus you're used to seeing will get a fresh lick of paint, and not only will Windows 10 look nicer, the operating system will be easier to use as well.
Near Share
Microsoft is looking to make wirelessly sharing files between devices easier than ever in Redstone 4 thanks to It's new Near Share feature.
With Bluetooth and Near Share turned on (from the Action Center), you can quickly share documents and more by pressing the ‘Share' button in apps (or in Windows Explorer) -- which will then display nearby devices you can send the file to.
Quick Bluetooth pairing
Connecting your Windows 10-powered device to Bluetooth peripherals is also set to be much quicker and easier in Redstone 4 thanks to the new quick pair feature. When a device in pairing mode is within range of your Windows 10 device running the Spring Creators Update, a notification will appear prompting you to pair it. Click on it, and it will be accessible to your Windows 10 device, without having to go into Settings.
At the moment this only works with Microsoft peripherals, but hopefully we'll see devices from other manufacturers make use of it when Redstone 4 officially releases.
Progressive web apps
The Microsoft Store and Microsoft's Edge browser will also be getting some new features in Redstone 4. Most noticeably, you'll be able to run Progressive Web Apps (PWAs) from within Edge, and these can be installed though the Microsoft Store.
PWAs work like regular Windows apps, but being web-based means they're lightweight and many don't need to be installed. By making them searchable in the Microsoft Store, Microsoft is giving them equal billing as full Windows 10 apps, as well as giving users more apps to choose from.
Edge improvements
The Edge web browser is also getting a hefty amount of updates with Redstone 4, as Microsoft continues to improve its software to compete with Chrome and Firefox.
A new-look menu grants you quick access to your bookmarks, history and other essential parts of the browser, and you can now quickly pin eBooks to the Start Menu when reading them in Edge.
Edge will also be better at automatically filling in forms with your information as well, making it easier to sign up for websites and the like. It will remember your payment card details as well (but not the security code on the back), making it easier to pay online. It's good to see these new features, which Edge's competitors have had for a while. Better late than never.
If you're sick of websites blaring out sounds and music when you're browsing, then the new ability to right-click on a tab and mute it will be a blessing, and InPrivate mode can now run certain extensions if you want it to.
Printing has also been improved thanks to the 'Clutter Free' option that removes the unnecessary text, images and more from pages when you print out websites, making them look nicer and saving on ink.
Edge will also get an updated look to match the Fluent Design theme of Windows 10.
Mixed Reality updates
We've also recently heard that Microsoft is adding a range of new features to its Mixed Reality platform with what's expected to be the Spring Creators Update.
Heading up the list of improvements is a brand-new virtual environment for users to wander around. As well as the existing Cliff House, folks can now enjoy the Skyloft with its impressive city view (as opposed to the former's ocean outlook). Think modern super-posh penthouse apartment, basically.
Other important changes have been implemented on the SteamVR front, including the introduction of haptic feedback for the motion controllers in SteamVR games. Also, general performance levels have been improved in these games, with Microsoft managing to tune things to use a 'significantly lower' amount of video RAM.
You'll also be able to take screenshots in Mixed Reality apps easily with the controllers, and video performance in apps is improved as well.
These are all welcome additions that should make Mixed Reality even more competitive compared to the Oculus Rift and HTC Vive.
Windows 10 Redstone 4: What We Want To See
So, while we're getting an ever-clearer idea of what new features Windows 10 Redstone 4, otherwise known as the Spring Creators Update, will bring, we've still got a list of things we'd like to see come to Windows 10.
Fewer annoying updates
While Microsoft has been making Windows 10 less annoying when it needs to restart to install an update, it's still not perfect, and we know a few people who have lost work due to Windows 10 restarting itself without warning.
Fewer windows for changing settings
There are a few instances in Windows 10 that still make it feel like two separate operating systems mashed together -- something many people hated about Windows 8. One of the most egregious examples of this is that to change certain settings you need to use the Settings app, while others require you to use the traditional Control Panel.
Not only does this feel a bit clunky, it's also confusing for users. Putting all the settings into one place would be a fantastic addition.
Stop apps and windows auto opening on restart
Microsoft brought a new feature to the Fall Creators Update which reopened any apps, windows and websites you had open when you last shut down your PC.
While this feature does have its uses (and mirrors a feature that's been in Apple's macOS operating system for years), rather frustratingly, Microsoft didn't include an option to disable the feature. This means that anyone who likes a fresh, empty desktop each time they start up Windows 10 needs to make sure everything is closed manually each time they want to turn off the PC.
What we'd like to see is an easy-to-use toggle that lets us choose if we want this option to be on or off. That's not too much to ask, is it?
© 2018 T-break Tech under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: Product shot by Microsoft; iStock Artist's concept.
$11.77
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Protesters march on Broad Street late Sunday Aug. 13, 2017, in Richmond, Va. The group marched through the Fan District to the Lee Monument to Jackson Ward. The march was held a day after a white supremacist rally spiraled into deadly violence in Charlottesville, Va. Richmond Times-Dispatch via AP Shelby Lum
The Lake Iroquois Association recently elected new board members and officers at its annual meeting last month. New officers for 2017-2018 are Chris Conant, president; Roger Crouse, vice president; Jamie Carroll, secretary; Dick Phillips, treasurer.
After three years as president, Pat Suozzi will step into a director role. In addition, Shannon Kelly, Ernie Rossi and David Horn were elected to the LIA Board of Directors for three-year terms.
Bob Pasco, a founding member of the LIA, is stepping down from the board. Pasco began the greeter program and has supervised it from its inception. He, along with Roger Crouse and Bob Donnis, were instrumental in setting up the boat wash station at the Lake Iroquois Fishing Access. The LIA Board and members thank Pasco for his long service, his energy and dedication to the work of the organization, and to the health of Lake Irqouois and the surrounding watershed.
Sign up for Meridian's Free Newsletter, please CLICK HERE
A woman sat in the chapel of her new ward as Sacrament service began. It didn't take long for the usual to happen. Over the last few weeks since she had moved there, she noticed that a couple would sit near the front with their unruly daughter and the little girl would create a scene. Often she would run up onto the stand, disrupting the meeting. Worse, her parents did little to rein her in, seemingly unaware of the disturbance the girl was causing.
Sometime later she was chatting with another sister in the ward and hinted that this couple could use some help learning to discipline their child. After all, this woman had several children herself, and had always taught them reverent behavior in church. They sat quietly on their bench and certainly knew not to run around.
“Oh, you haven't heard,” the other sister said. “There was a fire, and they lost three of their children. They just haven't been able to discipline her since.”
Moments like this remain in our hearts, as compassion fills our eyes with tears and we realize we've been judging without all the facts. We feel ashamed. We pray our apologies to God, and we vow never to rush to judgment again.
So often we look through the lens of limited understanding and make assumptions. Remember the story of the Blind Men and the Elephant? In this ancient tale a strange new animal is brought to town and each of these men rush forward to feel for themselves what it is like. One grasps the trunk and says an elephant is like a snake. Another touches the ear and says an elephant is like a fan. The third one touches a leg and says the elephant is like a tree trunk. One touches the elephant's side and announces the elephant is like a wall. The next one grasps the tail and concludes the elephant is like a rope, and the last one strokes its tusk and says the elephant is like a spear. How easily we come to wrong conclusions when we only have part of the picture.
And, in fact, that is all we ever have, of anyone's story but our own. Try as we might to understand the entire situation, we will never have the life experience of that other person. Even if they tell us of the hurts or abuse they've endured, the unfairness or even the sins they've committed, we cannot feel those events through their eyes and through their mental state. Five people can experience the exact same tragic event or shocking surprise, and all five will react differently to it. This is one reason why we have been told not to judge the actions of others, but to leave it to God. Only he knows their heart, the extenuating circumstances, the reasons why something seeming irrational (to us) might actually make sense if we fully understood the other person. And what looks like a terrible choice to us might be the very best that person can do. We simply have no idea.
I once watched a man estrange an entire group of people by bragging. You could see the listeners stiffen and finally edge away from him as he continued his obnoxious boasts. I was already standing some distance away, and noticed him shrug as he was finally left by himself. And I realized this poor man was trying desperately to gain acceptance—possibly something he's never had—and his methods were completely backfiring. What if, instead, people had praised him and congratulated him? What if they had realized he was terribly needy and simply gave him a pat on the back? I think he might have ratcheted down his rhetoric and relaxed a bit. It's worth a try and costs us nothing to be kind, to try to help someone who's clearly suffering.
I experienced this at a playground once, with a bragging mom. Her toddler was so superior (according to her) that she seriously wondered how he was going to fit in at school with slower children (mine and everyone else's). I felt like competing. I felt like putting her in her place. And then I saw her as the insecure young mother she was, and decided to go the other way. I agreed with her! I imagined myself as the proud aunt of this child, and looked for the same outstanding traits the mother saw. I actually felt love for that little boy. And the woman stopped bragging. You can't very well argue with someone who's agreeing with you, right? She simply dropped the wall of pretension, and by the end of the playtime was completely off her high horse, and fit in beautifully.
I've seen irritable people find a way to take a breath and almost restart their mood when someone reacts to them with genuine caring instead of bristling back at them. Even people who seem perpetually annoyed have a reason for that grumpiness. There's something hurting inside and it needs to be addressed and resolved. If nothing else, they need to know someone loves them. It may be something they haven't felt for years.
We've all heard the expression, “Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a battle you know nothing about.” When you meet that impatient clerk, pretend you know the backstory. Maybe his father chewed him out this morning and told him he'll never amount to anything. The unfriendly nurse? Maybe her husband is having an affair. The surly boss? Maybe his wife has a gambling problem, just blew the budget, and they had a huge fight. The rude old woman who shoved past you? Maybe she was just diagnosed with terminal cancer. The driver who nearly hit you? Maybe his daughter just lost a baby. The abusive parent? Maybe their own upbringing was even worse, and they have no idea how to cope.
The point is, we really can't know. But our lives will be happier and the good we can do for others will be greater if we simply step back and assume there's an explanation.
Let me clarify for a moment, that there's also the “proper” kind of judging, such as Alma counseled Corianton to have when he said “judge righteously” (Alma 41:14). We need to make judgments of ideas, situations, and people throughout our lives—choosing friends, where to live, and so on. Elder Dallin H. Oaks spoke of these “intermediate judgments, which we are directed to make, but upon righteous principles.” (“Judge Not” and Judging, Ensign, Aug. 1999) Another example of this is when church leaders have to stand as judges in Israel.
But I'm talking about the kind of judging that falls into the fault-finding category. And let's turn it around. Have you ever felt unfairly judged by someone who only had part of the story, or perhaps even believed falsehoods about you? Have you been sized up quickly and categorized? I think we all have.
Have you ever been the one on the road making a driving mistake because your mind was preoccupied with a family tragedy? Maybe it's all you can do not to burst into tears. And don't you hope others will cut you some slack because you're just not yourself right now?
Life ebbs and flows. We all have hard days and times when we pray God will help us set things right again. And when we bump and jostle with those around us, we hope they'll give us the benefit of the doubt.
The one thing we truly can know is that everyone needs to feel loved. Everyone feels a rush a gratitude for instantaneous forgiveness when we trip and fall. Sometimes it's even unforgettable because it's so rare. Let's be the ones who extend compassion, especially when it's tempting to do the exact opposite. Remember, more often than not, what we're actually holding is only the elephant's tail.
Hilton's new LDS novel, Golden, is available in paperback and on Kindle. All her books and YouTubeMom videos can be found on her website. She currently serves in Stake Public Affairs.
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
PARKLAND (CBSMiami) — For those who cannot travel to Washington, D.C. for the “March For Our Lives” rally, there is a South Florida option.
Students have organized a “March For Our Lives- Parkland” version set for the same day as the march in D.C.
The South Florida version of the march will start at 10 a.m. at Pine Trails Park located at 10555 Trails End in Parkland.
From there, marchers will walk to Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School.
During the event, survivors of the deadly school shooting at the Parkland high school will speak as well as students who traveled to Washington, D.C., and Tallahassee to meet with lawmakers.
“We are marching to make it clear that we refuse to be silenced, we refuse to continue to feel unsafe, and we refuse to wait for others to take action to improve school safety,” said Marjory Stoneman Douglas junior Rebecca Schneid, a survivor of the February 14th shooting. “Parkland is the heart of this movement, and therefore the march here will be the most symbolic of them all.”
The event, which will honor the 17 people who died in the school shooting, will be led by Marjory Stoneman Douglas students.
The march is scheduled to end at 2 p.m.
Click here for the latest information on the march.
Toyota recalls fleet of ‘ultimate eco-car' fuel cell vehicles
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
The Hornets went to the playoffs twice in Clifford's five seasons, never winning a playoff series.
"The NBA isn't about winning — the NBA is about winning in the playoffs," Clifford said at the end of Charlotte's season.
Clifford is coming to a franchise that has lost more games than any other NBA club over the past six years — 335. That's four more than Philadelphia, a franchise that was openly tanking for years before turning things around this season.
The Magic weren't tanking. They've just been bad.
Orlando hasn't had longer than a five-game winning streak at any time over the last six seasons. But over that same span, the Magic have had 23 losing streaks of at least five games. On their way to a 25-57 record that left them 18 games out of a playoff spot, the Magic had two seven-game slides and two other nine-game skids.
Since Van Gundy left, the Magic have gone through a series of resets.
There have been 62 players in uniform over the last six seasons — none of them an All-Star while in Orlando — and now five different coaches. Van Gundy was replaced by Jacque Vaughn, who was let go after 2 1/2 seasons and replaced on an interim basis by James Borrego. Scott Skiles then took over for one year, and Vogel ran things the last two seasons.
Clifford now gets his chance.
By Tim Reynolds, The Associated Press
According to data from the National Weather Service, at least 60 people were injured and one person was killed in a storm that tore through Davidson and Wilson counties. Twenty-four more people were injured in the three other storms that came through Wilson County.
In total, at least 13 tornadoes struck Middle Tennessee on that day, with almost 100 injuries and four deaths.
The four tornadoes in Wilson County included an F3 storm, an F2 storm and two F1 storms.
More than two-dozen buildings were destroyed in the storms, including downtown businesses and a farm at the northern edge of the county. One tornado touched down close to W.A. Wright Elementary School in Mt. Juliet.
Areas stuck the hardest included the western portion of the county, downtown Lebanon and the northeastern part of the county. Other outlying areas of the county reported damage of varying degrees.
According to reporting from the Lebanon Democrat on the following day, the storms came from the west, moving their way across the county and leaving disaster in their wake.
At about 5 p.m., warning sirens were blaring in the downtown area of Lebanon. Other storms had already hit that afternoon.
A tornado touched down on Bay Court in Lebanon and moved across West Main Street, eventually moving back to the sky and going over Hartmann Drive.
David Hale, who was the director of the Wilson County Emergency Management Agency at the time, witnessed that storm firsthand, as he stepped outside WEMA headquarters on Oak Street in Lebanon.
“We actually watched that storm as it crossed back there, and we could see debris all going up from that storm, and it was sort of an interesting twist — to be an eyewitness,” Hale said.
“As the director of emergency management, I probably had a few different things going through my head than the average citizen.”
Hale was thinking about damage assessment and getting crews out to help anyone in the storm's path, but the sight of the storm still struck him.
“Just like an average citizen, I was in awe at the sheer force that is there, and the amount of damage that can occur from storms like that,” Hale said.
The newspaper showed a photograph of what once was Advanced Auto Parts, but after the tornado struck, it was a pile of rubble.
Debris filled the streets in the area. Emergency officials urged people to take caution, especially with downed power lines. All told, the damage would total in the millions.
Officials were quoted in the newspaper in 1998 as saying they were fortunate that, with heavy rains accompanying the storm, there was not additional damage due to flash flooding.
In one area, near Hurricane Creek Road, five young children were rescued from nearby flooding, which caused them to be temporarily trapped.
The storm that caused the most damage, the F3 that moved from Davidson County into Wilson County, caused many trees to be uprooted, power lines knocked down and roofs damaged as it moved into Mt. Juliet, according to a storm analysis by the National Weather Service.
The Mt. Juliet Little League field was reportedly littered with aluminum and lumber blown from Marvin's lumberyard. A roof was partially blown off at First Bank in Mt. Juliet.
Hale said the afternoon filled with dangerous storms was reminiscent to a time in the 1970s, shortly after he started his career in emergency services, when there were hundreds of tornadoes that swept through the country, including some in Wilson County.
“When you have a day like that, with multiple tornadoes occurring like that, it allows you to learn how to be better prepared,” Hale said.
After the 1998 tornadoes, additional sirens were added, and WEMA's weather radar capabilities greatly improved, Hale said.
“Today, WEMA is even more prepared,” Hale said. “With (current WEMA Director) Joey Cooper and his staff, they do a great job, and on the weather side of things — I wish I could have had some of the technology they have, being able to push out alerts on cell phones and email.”
According to a later storm analysis by the National Weather Service in 2013, there may have been more tornadoes that touched down in Middle Tennessee. Data in 1998 was found to have some errors, and those were addressed in 2013 with documentation, spotter reports and Google Earth imagery.
According to the National Weather Service's 2013 analysis, tornadoes were confirmed to touch down in Cheatham, Davidson, Dickson, Giles, Hardin, Humphreys, Lawrence, Macon, Maury, Montgomery, Pickett, Robertson, Trousdale, Wayne and Wilson counties.
Hale said even almost 20 years later, he can still see the storm in his memory.
“It's sort of remarkable to think it's pushing 20 years,” Hale said.
Calexico, “The Thread That Keeps Us” (Anti-Records)
If the atomic scientists were listening to music when they recently moved the Doomsday Clock up to just two minutes to midnight, it may well have been Calexico's “The Thread That Keeps Us.” Poignantly apocalyptic in places but with glimmers of hope and romance, the album would also be ideal for moving the hands of the clock a few minutes farther from disaster, hopefully soon.
Now a septet, the Tucson-based Calexico recorded their ninth studio album in northern California and the change has done them good. Singer/guitarist Joey Burns says “there's a little more chaos and noise in the mix” but, if anything, those elements help consolidate the harmony among the sounds.
Opener and first single “End of the World With You” starts like a 1987 U2 song with a touch of The Replacements and sets the tone with mentions of “the age of extremes.” The next couple of tracks, “Voices in the Field” and “Bridge to Nowhere” appear to reference the California fires, while the slouching, funky “Under the Wheels” is even darker, worried about “the war machine/always someone else's scheme.”
The Latin influences stay close to the surface on several tunes but rise up on “Flores Y Tamales,” a bittersweet tale in Spanish about love and dreams difficult to fulfil. Three brief instrumentals keep with the mood — “Shortboard” is the most effective and “Unconditional Waltz” the most melodic.
Some tracks toward the end sound a bit scattered but emotional closer “Music Box” synthesizes the sentiments expressed across the rest of the album — “When the world goes dark/I'll always be close by.”
Calexico taps into the calamity of the times on “The Thread That Keeps Us,” but finds that not all of the tapestry is in tatters.
Here is tonight's schedule for Week 8 of the high school football season for Touchdown Friday. Check back later tonight for all of the night's scores and highlights.
Touchdown Friday Top 9
(1) East Duplin vs Goldsboro
(2) Tarboro vs Pamlico
(3) Havelock at West Carteret
(4) Kinston-IDLE
(5) Wallace-Rose Hill vs Spring Creek
(6) DH Conley vs CB Aycock
(7) South Central vs Eastern Wayne
(8) Jacksonville at Northside-Jacksonville
(9) North Duplin vs Lakewood
OTHER GAMES
Camden at Edenton
Bertie at First Flight
Pasquotank at Currituck
Plymouth at Perquimans
Farmville Central at Nash Central
Beddingfield at North Johnston
Hertford County at Northeastern
SW Edgecombe at North Pitt
Gates at Manteo
Pender at Richlands
Columbia at NW Halifax
New Bern at Southern Wayne
West Craven at South Lenoir
South Creek at Northside-Pinetown
Wilson Hunt at Northern Nash
Halifax Academy at Wayne Christian Academy
North Edgecombe at Weldon
SE Halifax at Northampton
Croatan at Dixon
Mattamuskeet at Bear Grass Charter
Ayden-Grifton at Washington
Roanoke Rapids at Southern Vance
North Lenoir at Greene Central
Trask at Lejeune
Swansboro at White Oak
Southside at Jones Sr.
Southern Nash at Wilson Fike
Union at Princeton
Hobbton at Rosewood
Gambia opposition warns ousted ruler against 'rebel' moves
hello
DAKAR, Senegal -- Gambia's political opposition says long-time ruler Yahya Jammeh could be considered a rebel leader if he takes up arms and doesn't step down later this month.
Halifa Sallah, spokesman for Gambia's opposition coalition, gave the firm warning Monday, days after the president railed against the West African regional bloc that has urged him to step down.
Jammeh vowed that any presence of foreign troops in the tiny West African nation would be tantamount to an act of war.
The president's party is challenging the results in the Dec. 1 election won by opposition coalition candidate Adama Barrow.
Meanwhile, President-elect Barrow says he is planning a Jan. 19 inauguration. He has urged Jammeh to open communication channels and peacefully relinquish power after 22 years in office.
God has given us the power of prayer, to help us when thing seem
out of control.
Nothing is too minor or insignificant to pray for.
Sometimes you hear people misquote the Bible by saying…
God helps those who help themselves…but in reality, God
loves to help those who admit they are powerless in their
own strength and ask him for assistance.
As we study the lives and prayers of the heroes of faith, we see
God did amazing things through those who dared to pray
for the impossible!
Joshua learned to pray from his mentor Moses, and God preserved
their prayers and miracles, to teach us how Great our God was and still is!
When Joshua took over the leadership of the children of Israel, he was
called upon to lead his people into battle with some powerful armies.
Adonizedek, the king of Jerusalem, heard the children of
Israel had made peace with the Gibeonites…and this made
him very afraid.
Gibeon was known as one of the royal cities and the people were greater than those of Ai.
The king of Jerusalem sent word to Hoham, the king of Hebron, Piram,
king of Jarmuth, Japhia, king of Lachish, and Debir, king of Eglon saying…
Let's join forces and fight against the people of Gibeon. They have
made peace with the Israelites and may try to come against us
and take our cities.
They banded together and made war against Gibeon.
The men of Gibeon sent word to Joshua saying…
Come quickly and help us.
Joshua and all the men of war went with him to
rescue the Gibeonites.
The LORD said to Joshua…
Fear them not: for I have delivered them into thine hand;
there shall not a man of them stand before thee. Joshua 10:8
There was a great slaughter at Gibeon and many of the people
began to run from the Israelites.
The LORD opened up the heavens and huge hailstones fell and killed those enemies
who had escaped.
The number of those who died by the hailstones was much
greater than those who were killed by the sword.
Joshua spoke to the LORD in front of the people saying…
Sun, stand thou still upon Gibeon; and thou, Moon,
in the valley of Ajalon. Joshua 10:12
God listened to Joshua and the sun stood still in heaven
for a whole day until the people had avenged themselves
against their enemies.
The has never been any day like this, where the LORD
listened to the voice of a man…
The LORD was with Israel!
Joshua and the Israelites returned to the camp at Gilgal,
but 5 kings ran and hid in a cave at Makkedah.
Their hiding place was revealed to Joshua and he instructed
the men to roll a large stone in front of the cave, to entrap them.
Joshua instructed his men to continue into the cities of these kings
saying…The LORD your God has delivered them into your hand!
The Israelites entered the fenced cities and slaughtered the people,
according to the command of the LORD.
Afterward, they returned to the camp at Makkedah in peace.
Joshua said, open the mouth of the cave and bring the 5 kings
to me.
When the kings were brought, Joshua said to the captains of the
men of war…Come near and put your feet on the necks of these kings.
They did as Joshua instructed and he said…
Fear not, nor be dismayed, be strong and of good courage:
for thus shall the LORD do to all your enemies against whom ye fight.
Joshua 10:25
Joshua killed the kings and hanged them on 5 trees until night.
He then had them taken down and thrown into the cave where
they had hidden. They piled huge stones at the mouth of the cave,
which remain until this very day.
Joshua and the people continued to fight against all the countries
which had banded against them. They utterly destroyed all that
breathed as the LORD God commanded. All the kings and their
land were given to Joshua at one time, because the LORD God
of Israel fought for Israel.
In the last few years we've seen so much blood shed and violence
in our world.
Reading the scriptures reveals to us, the power of the one true God,
to deliver us from any force or enemy that would try to come against us.
The Bible says…
No weapon that is formed against thee shall prosper:
and every tongue that shall rise against thee in judgment
thou shalt condemn. This is the heritage of the servants
of the LORD and their righteousness is of me, saith the
LORD. Isaiah 54:17
Even though the Gibeonites had deceived Joshua, because
he was a man of God, he kept true to his oath of peace with
them.
He came to help them, when they asked…and the LORD
protected them all.
Joshua continue to have a positive confession and became a
powerful leader, through the power and direction of God.
When it looked like the enemy was too powerful and they were
getting away…God miraculously opened the windows of heaven
and gave them the extra help through the hailstorm…and
making the sun stand still…until the battle was over and his
people were victorious….
But they still had to fight and stand strong…believing in the
Power of God to deliver them. God didn't just hand them the land…
they had to go through and possess it!
The Bible says…
For the LORD God is a sun and shield: the LORD will give grace
and glory; no good thing will he withhold from them that walk uprightly.
Psalm 84:11
God loved mankind so much that he sent his Son Jesus
to live a perfect life on earth and die on the cross for our sins.
Jesus rose from the grave and lives now in heaven with
our Father.
In the book of Revelation Jesus said…
I am he that liveth, and was dead; and, behold, I am alive for evermore,
Amen; and have the keys of hell and of death. Revelation 1:18
God the Father gave Jesus authority over all things in heaven and
on earth. We need to remember, Jesus is our Savior and our deliverer
from all evil and our enemies. His name, through faith in His name,
gives us the victory over any force that would try to come against us.
But unto you that fear my name shall the Sun of righteousness arise
with healing in his wings; and ye shall go forth, and grow up as calves
of the stall. And ye shall tread down the wicked; for they shall be ashes
under the soles of your feet in the day that I shall do this, saith the LORD
of hosts. Malachi 4:2-3
Some days it may seem like the enemy is gaining ground…but we
must hold fast to our faith and not give in to the spirit of fear, self pity, or despair.
When pain and suffering comes, we must remember the horrible pain
and suffering Jesus endured for us…
He knows how hard life can be at times, but has given us His Holy Spirit,
to live inside us and empower us to go through each day in victory.
King David wrote…
He hath delivered me from my strong enemy, and from them
which hated me: for they were too strong for me. Psalm 18:17
John the Apostle wrote…
Ye are of God, little children and have overcome them:
because greater is he that is in you, than he that is in the world.
1 John 4:4
Jesus obediently laid down his will, and suffered because he
knew it was God's will.
There will be times when God asks us to suffer, for a season.
It may be for correction because of disobedience or to test our faith,
and make us stronger and mature Christians….
Ones who will then, go out and share their faith and lessons learned with others,
to help and encourage them.
The Bible says…
Submit yourselves therefore to God, Resist the devil,
and he will flee from you. James 4:7
God's power is higher than any other…and nothing can happen to us,
unless he allows it for a reason, which we may not always understand
at first.
He promises to never leave us or forsake us…and all things
will work out for good.
Suffering on earth may be for a season…but Salvation will last for
all eternity.
He has promised…If we suffer with Him…We will reign with Him.
Beloved…whatever you're facing today, give your stress and anxiety to
the LORD, and ask for his help.
Be bold enough to ask for the impossible!
Believe our God is Bigger than your problems.
The same God who Created the sun and commanded it to stand still
for Joshua, is willing and able to help you.
He's only a prayer away….
Merciful Father,
Creator of Heaven and Earth…
Thank you for blessing us with this beautiful new day and for
sharing with us the scriptures, to inspire us and encourage us.
Give wisdom and guidance to all the leaders of the world, so we
will live in peace with one another.
Let us not be overcome with evil, but overcome evil with good!
Show us each day how to be kind to one another, love one another,
and be world changers, like Joshua.
With you, all things are possible!
In JESUS' name we pray…
Amen
Have a beautiful and blessed day!
Valerie Rousseau
facebook comments:
Josh Gad could have never anticipated that voicing Olaf in Disney's mega-popular Frozen franchise would afford him the opportunity to fulfill the wishes of many sick children.
Since the movie was released in 2013, Gad has made countless calls to gravely ill children whose only request is to speak with Olaf. "I actually get choked up thinking about some of the kids that I've left messages for because it's so … it's so fleeting," he told BuzzFeed News while promoting his new movie, Marshall. "It's such a little thing that I do that goes such a long way for these children. But you take their mind off of it for a minute, for a day."
As a parent of two himself, Gad understands that granting these wishes not only brightens the kids' days, but also their parents'. "Hopefully you give their parents a distraction," he said. "As a parent, it's the hardest thing to think about and, you know, I take ownership of the fact that that's as much my job as doing the voice for commercial reasons. The fact that it has transcended that is such a wonderful thing, but it's also really sad. I would take all of it back if it just meant that the kids could have a normal life. You know at the end of that call is another call where the child is gone."
EAST HANOVER, NJ--(Marketwired - Apr 17, 2017) - SilverSun Technologies, Inc. ( OTCQB : SSNT), a national provider of transformational business technology solutions and services, announced today that its common stock has been approved for listing on the NASDAQ Capital Market. Trading on NASDAQ under the symbol "SSNT" will commence on April 19, 2017.
Mark Meller, Chairman and CEO of SilverSun, stated, "Uplisting to NASDAQ is a tremendous accomplishment and corporate milestone for our Company. It was among our most important corporate goals for 2017. We believe that trading on the NASDAQ Capital Market will help generate increased visibility, better liquidity, greater access to capital, and attract a broader range of institutional investors to prompt our growth initiatives and, most importantly, enhance shareholder value."
Mr. Meller continued, "We have accomplished this goal organically, by delivering profits from our operations and building our net worth via retained earnings. No financing or offering was required for us to fulfill the listing requirements, allowing us to preserve shareholder value by avoiding potentially dilutive financing transactions. I especially want to thank and acknowledge our team at our operating subsidiary, SWK Technologies, whose hard work, dedication and commitment to excellence has enabled us to achieve this milestone. We are looking forward to accelerating the pace of our success in the coming months and years."
About SilverSun Technologies, Inc.
We are a business application, technology and consulting company providing strategies and solutions to meet our clients' information, technology and business management needs. Our services and technologies enable customers to manage, protect and monetize their enterprise assets whether on-premise or in the "Cloud". As a value added reseller of business application software, we offer solutions for accounting and business management, financial reporting, Enterprise Resource Planning ("ERP"), Warehouse Management Systems, Customer Relationship Management, and Business Intelligence. Additionally, we have our own development staff building software solutions for Electronic Data Interchange, time and billing, and various ERP enhancements. Our value-added services focus on consulting and professional services, specialized programming, training, and technical support. We have a dedicated network services practice that provides managed services, hosting, business continuity, cloud, e-mail and web services. Our customers are nationwide, with concentrations in the New York/New Jersey metropolitan area, Chicago, Dallas, Arizona, Seattle, Greensboro, and Southern California.
Forward-Looking Statements
This news release includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, regarding, among other things our plans, strategies and prospects -- both business and financial. Although we believe that our plans, intentions and expectations reflected in or suggested by these forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot assure you that we will achieve or realize these plans, intentions or expectations. Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Many of the forward-looking statements contained in this news release may be identified by the use of forward-looking words such as "believe," "expect," "anticipate," "should," "planned," "will," "may," "intend," "estimated," and "potential," among others. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements we make in this news release include market conditions and those set forth in reports or documents that we file from time to time with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. All forward-looking statements attributable to SilverSun Technologies, Inc. or a person acting on its behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by this cautionary language.
Texas Rangers' Robinson Chirinos hits a two-run double against the Seattle Mariners during the seventh inning of a baseball game Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Seattle. Elaine Thompson AP Photo
This week's Chad is bursting with news, features and sport from your area. Here's a sneak peek at what's inside...
Read about the school that has turned itself around to get a Good Ofsted rating.
There's the special wheelbarrow race in memory of a brave Mansfield Woodhouse woman.
Find out about the primary school pupils trying out vegetarian menus.
And meet the intrepid trio who are going a charity motorbike adventure dressed as superheroes.
And of course there's your usual helping of community news, letters, columns and more.
As well as all this, there's your guide to what's on when and where in our entertainment section GO! and all the latest sport headlines at the back end.
So what are you waiting for? Go grab your copy now!
JACKSONVILLE, N.C. (WNCT)–In Jacksonville, aeration devices at the land treatment site are working better than expected.
The city installed the Blue Frog machines on June 9, 2016, as a new way to remove sludge from wastewater.
The devices work differently by turning the sludge into organic material so it can digest itself. This means less dredging, which saves money and improves the health of the wastewater.
There were an estimated 12 million gallons of sludge to get rid of. Previous aeration devices were 20 years old.
The new devices are saving taxpayer dollars and keeping rates low for the city's nearly 18,000 account holders.
Tuesday, the city council heard an update about the previous year's results and gave the go ahead for phase two.
Utilities Maintenance Superintendent Pete Deaver says he's happy with the results he's seen so far.
“The sludge, or your fats, greases, oils and non-dissolvables, settle out to the bottom and accumulate,” Deaver said. “Over every three to five years, we have to drain it and mechanically dredge that out.”
That process is expensive, costing about $500,000 each time. The Blue Frogs keep the lagoons from going offline and will push back the next needed dredging.
The devices are also improving water quality by controlling pH levels.
“Our forest is mostly pines and they like the pH around 7.2,” Deaver said. “We can get it to that point so it makes the trees healthier, which then means a better wastewater treatment process as it goes into the irrigation field.”
Phase two involves purchasing more Blue Frog units to install into two more lagoons. That will cost about $710,000.
The results from those devices will be analyzed for 12 months before the city decides to purchase more.
Spending your own money on health care might mean that you'll be more frugal with it. That's the theory behind health savings accounts, a decades-old GOP concept that's sparking renewed interest on Capitol Hill as Republican lawmakers look for ways to replace the Affordable Care Act.
HSAs are like personal savings accounts — with a difference. As with a retirement account, money put into an HSA can be invested, and any growth in the fund accumulates tax-free. Withdrawals can be made at any time, and they are tax-free, too — but the money can only be used to pay for certain medical expenses, such as health insurance deductibles, or for copays for hospital care or a visit to the doctor.
Currently, HSAs are only available to people who have high-deductible health plans, meaning they usually pay a few thousand dollars for medical care each year before their insurance kicks in to pay its share. While HSA participation is growing, only about 20 million people out of the 176 million who have health insurance participate in these savings accounts, according to a 2015 report by the Association of Health Insurance Plans.
Why don't more people who are eligible for HSAs have them? For one thing, not everyone has money to contribute upfront. But psychologists and behavioral economists point out that even many people who have the extra cash on hand confront big psychological barriers to saving.
"How we think and feel is directly tied to our ability to make 'good' financial decisions," says Alycia DeGraff, a board member and secretary of the Financial Therapy Association. DeGraff says when faced with financial decisions about the future, many people simply get stressed-out.
"These stressors can become so overwhelming that ... we can become debilitated and ignore the situation all together," she says. "Or we can practice any kind of defense mechanism — entitlement, suppression, overcompensation, isolation, etc. — to try and deal with [it]."
This may explain, at least in part, why middle-class Americans are pretty bad at saving money in general. Only about half of us have money in any sort of retirement account. And those of us who are parents have only saved, on average, enough to pay for about one year at an in-state college for our kids.
Saving money is hard. It means setting aside what we want now for something we think we'll want or need later. And we live in a culture that offers a lot of pretty, shiny, things to buy RIGHT NOW.
Plus, we all pretend we won't get old or sick.
"People are predictably irrational," says Dr. Mitesh Patel, especially when it comes to money. He's a behavioral economist, physician and assistant professor at the University of Pennsylvania's Perelman School of Medicine.
But many of us really hate to lose money, Patel says, which is what makes the concept of HSAs is so appealing.
For example he and his colleagues published a study last year in the Annals of Internal Medicine on what motivates people to lose weight, and found that the way a financial incentive was framed made all the difference.
The researchers observed three groups of people for 13 weeks. They told one group to walk 7,000 steps a day. About 30 percent of the group did so. Meanwhile, people assigned to the second group were told they'd be paid $1.40 every day they walked 7,000 steps. About 35 percent of the second group did so.
Here's the kicker: Each person in the third group was paid $42 upfront and was docked $1.40 each time they failed to meet their goal. Forty-five percent of that group met the assigned goal, Patel says. People hate to lose money.
Another way to encourage more saving might be to make HSAs operate more like the 401(k)s that required people who didn't want to participate to actively opt out of the plan — rather than requiring people who want to contribute to opt in. "This creates a path of the least resistance," Patel says.
Of course, setting up and overseeing such a plan would likely cost the government some money, he notes.
People with HSAs do use less health care than those without such plans, a recent study from the Employee Benefits Research Institute suggests. But it's unclear whether they actually improve their health. Prescription drug costs went down for people enrolled in HSAs in the EBRI study, but emergency room visits went up — particularly for lower-income families.
Then there's the issue of figuring out how much you, as an individual or a family, would need to save for health care — it's not easy to find out the average price for a medical test or procedure in your town, let alone how much that price varies from doctor to doctor or hospital to hospital.
"If you want to save for a house, you can pretty much figure out the math," Patel says. "But if you go to a doctor, they don't give you a menu for prices."
To really increase their health savings — or any savings — we'd all need to change our mindset, says Degraff, the financial therapist.
"People would have to first take a dose of reality and get real about their future selves," she says. Naturally, we thing our future selves will be "better, healthier, more financially secure," she adds. But, for many of us, health and income eventually decline with age. We need to save more now for later.
HSAs can be useful, Degraff notes, but only for those who have enough cash to pay their day-to-day expenses — plus a little left over.
"A lot of people don't even have a regular emergency fund savings," DeGraff says, "especially those that are already struggling to pay for health insurance."
Oops, you haven't selected any newsletters. Please check the box next to one or more of our email newsletters and submit again.
A Qatar Airways Airbus A321 has been badly damaged by fire during maintenance at the airline's home hub at Hamad International Airport, Doha.
According to the Aviation Herald accident reporting website, the aircraft—believed to be A7-AIB—“sustained substantial damage and possibly needs to be written off.”
Pictures on social media show extensive damage to the top of the fuselage, which was burned through at several points. The interior also appears to have sustained substantial damage.
In a statement, the airline acknowledged the incident: “At 0650 on 8 December 2017, a Qatar Airways Airbus A321 aircraft positioned at a remote stand experienced a fire while under maintenance at Hamad International Airport (HIA). The fire inside the cabin was promptly contained and extinguished. While there was some damage to the aircraft, there were no injuries. A full investigation is being conducted by the local authorities to establish the cause. Traffic at HIA was not affected.”
If the aircraft's identity was confirmed as A7-AIB, it was built in 2010 and was powered by IAE V2500 engines.
Alan Dron alandron@adepteditorial.com
OPINION
DAVID Leyonhjelm's hopes of fluking a third election to the Senate have been boosted by the controversy he started and has worked hard to prolong.
After a 40-year dismal trudge through unwelcoming political territory Mr Leyonhjelm would think he's finally playing with the grown-ups.
The "slut-shaming" argument with Greens senator Sarah Hanson-Young has brought him into the media big-time.
Once limited to appearances on zany and largely unwatched TV shows, he has in recent days been interviewed on mainstream programs such as Ten's The Project and ABC's 7.30.
It's national exposure he has not earned during four years in the Senate. He has taken more from federal politics than he has contributed and has been treated as a quirk at best.
But suddenly his quirkiness and fringe appeal are big news.
Important for him, he has been able to lay out his angry white man credentials, skilfully appealing to that frothing group and associated cranky electors.
Picking a fight with an outspoken woman from the Greens wouldn't hurt him with that group of voters.
And he needs the exposure if he hopes to win the election expected in the first half of next year.
Angela Bishop confronts David Leyonhjelm on Studio 10.
Mr Leyonhjelm's hope would be there is a significant NSW constituency determined to not support the major parties. They are favouring One Nation and right-wing independents and he wants them to include him in their considerations.
His party, the Liberal Democrats, is hardly a household name and nor is Mr Leyonhjelm. Or it wasn't until he insulted Senator Sarah Hanson-Young.
In the 2013 election he stood as a Liberal Democrat candidate, and had the good luck of the party being given the number one position on a long, long ballot paper for the NSW senators. There was confusion between the Liberal Party of Australia and the Liberal Democrats.
That helped the Liberal Democrat ticket reach a primary vote of close to 10 per cent - remarkable for a party which was little known and whose contribution to policy debate was non-existent. David Leyonhjelm directly received about 1600 votes.
He next contested the 2016 election and again got lucky.
It was a double-dissolution election which meant only half the quota of a regular, half Senate election was being needed.
That 10 per cent of 2013 dropped to just under four per cent and the Leyonhjelm vote went to 5400, but with preferences he was back in the Senate.
Next year, when it's again a normal half Senate election and a full quota required, he will need more than luck.
The problems for this strategy is that in the process he is harming his chances with 51 per cent of the electorate - women voters.
And it could be that the bracket of angry male voters he is counting on already knows of him from is appearances on their favoured political talk shows.
One other problem could be his running mate.
Former Labor leader Mark Latham, a Liberal Democrat since May last year, is considering standing for the party at the state or federal level.
If he tried for the Senate the better-known Mr Latham could crowd out Mr Leyonhjelm.
Medical examiners have identified three of the five people killed in a deadly crash on U.S. 95 near Amargosa Valley Sunday.
According to the Clark County Coroner's Office, the victims were identified as 78-year-old Arturo Otero, of Chula Vista, 77-year-old Juana E. Otero, of Chula Vista, and 53-year-old Dwight Sproul, of Pahrump. They all died from blunt force injuries and the manner was ruled an accident.
Nevada Highway Patrol said the crash involved three vehicles.
[RELATED: 5 killed, 1 hospitalized in 3-vehicle crash northwest of Las Vegas Valley]
Troopers said a Nissan was traveling northbound behind a GMC truck when it attempted to pass the truck. The Nissan entered the southbound lanes to pass the truck and immediately collided head-on with another Nissan. One of the Nissan vehicles struck the truck, forcing it off the road and ejecting the driver.
The lone survivor, 52-year-old Wendy Lea Caskey from Beatty, who was a passenger in the truck, was taken to University Medical Center in critical condition.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
High levels of secondary school spending, glowing reviews of social care and 100% energy efficiency in social housing.
Those are some of the highlights of the city council's own internal performance review — but the report is not without its sticking points.
A report set to go before the council's scrutiny committee on Wednesday has broken down how its departments performed in 2015/16.
It shows that the city's spending on secondary pupils is above the Scottish average and that the majority of pupils — 94% — move towards positive destinations after leaving school.
Dundee spends more on secondary pupils than other comparable authorities, spending £6,844 per head.
However, it also spends less than others on primary and pre-school pupils — labelled a “performance highlight”.
Councillor Stewart Hunter, education convener, said this reflected a reduction in energy spending.
He said: “In our budget several years ago, we made it a target to improve energy efficiency in our schools and ensure that we spend less on energy costs. We have made good progress on this and that is one of the reasons why this is seen as a target.
“We have seen with the latest SQA data that we have closed the attainment gap and that we have made significant progress in literacy.”
Councillor Laurie Bidwell, Labour education spokesman, said that while the council should strive to spend efficiently the process “should not continue” past the point of necessity, labelling it a “badge of shame”.
The council's adult social care is largely positive despite spending less than other councils in Scotland at £19.08 per hour per head.
The percentage of adults satisfied with social care matched the Scottish average.
The report also recognised that all council dwellings are now 100% energy efficient and the time taken to complete non-emergency repairs has dropped to an average of 8.95 days.
Dundee's streets are also some of the cleanest in the country.
And while the council also sends less waste to landfill than others in Scotland it continues to record poor household recycling rates — but it predicts a rise when new schemes are rolled out this month.
Planning officers spent less time processing planning applications than the average, but spent an above-average amount processing them.
Most council employees took fewer sick days than many of their counterparts elsewhere with the exception of teachers, who took more sick days off in Dundee than elsewhere.
Officers also spend more than other authorities collecting council tax — £16.52 per household — and have a lower-than-average collection success rate.
But when it comes to recreation, residents are happy with parks, museums and leisure facilities.
The Government will take action against those who try to spread racism through Facebook and other social media channels, Minister of Fisheries and Aquatic Resources Development Mahinda Amaraweera said.
The Minister was speaking at a Poson celebration in Tangalle.
He added that, spreading racism is a well organized attempt to weaken the development of the country. However, the Government will take every step to prevent that from happening, he added.
“The President has given instructions to the Criminal Investigation Department (CID) to take action against people who spread racism using social media. After the investigations, the authorities will take necessary legal actions against such people,” Amaraweera asserted.
(Source: Ceylon Today – By Methmalie Dissanayake)
ATLANTA — Injuries, walk-off losses, second guesses on his bullpen moves. Mickey Callaway has endured a tumultuous week-plus, the likes of which he might not have anticipated could occur when he signed on as Mets manager last offseason.
“I have been in baseball a long time and I don't think I have ever seen this in my entire career,” the rookie manager said Wednesday at SunTrust Park. “This is a stretch that is rare, it seems, from what I have seen.”
The Mets entered play with seven losses in nine games, knocking them to .500 and erasing the equity they built with a franchise-best 11-1 start this season. But the manner in which the Mets have lost — as much as the defeats themselves — has tested Callaway's mettle.
Four of the seven losses during the stretch had occurred in the last inning. The most recent was Tuesday, when rookie Gerson Bautista allowed a walk-off homer to the Braves' Johan Camargo. A day earlier, in the first game of a doubleheader, Seth Lugo surrendered a walk-off blast in the ninth to Charlie Culberson.
And since they last played a game at Citi Field, the Mets have placed AJ Ramos, Wilmer Flores and Noah Syndergaard on the disabled list. Another starting pitcher, Steven Matz, left Tuesday's game with a sore middle finger, but has avoided the DL.
“I haven't slept in a week — slept well at least,” Callaway said. “We're just trying to think of ways to get us out.”
Callaway is leaning heavier than ever on his staff for answers. Asked if he's sought outside advice — Callaway jokingly wondered if that meant a psychologist — the manager said he's looked to his coaches. The former Indians pitching coach said his last contact with his mentor, Terry Francona, was “a while” ago.
Among his staff members there is nobody Callaway leans on for advice more than pitching coach Dave Eiland, who says he has been impressed with the composure Callaway has maintained during the turmoil.
“I have been around two other managers, two other world-champion managers,” Eiland said referring to Joe Girardi and Ned Yost, from his tenures with the Yankees and Royals, respectively. “And in this short period of time, Mickey is handling things as good as I saw those other two guys handle it.
“He's not a manager who stays in his office and if we need something we have to go get him. He's in the coaches' room with us more than he's in his office. From a coaching standpoint we can't ask for anything more from a manager.”
The mild-mannered Callaway insists he will not change his personality. He vows to continue supporting players, even when they fail, and bringing positivity to the manager's office. He scoffs at the notion that throwing an occasional tantrum would accomplish anything.
“For us to start being negative and having a bad attitude, throwing things, would not be productive,” Callaway said. “It makes you feel better sometimes, but it's the worst thing you can possibly do in my opinion. I am sure the fans would like to see people start throwing stuff.
“We're not happy with what's going on, but just because we try to approach it the right way doesn't mean we're accepting it: We're pissed. I just don't think showing that negativity and throwing things and people yelling at each other is going to help us get out of it. What's going to help us get out of it is pulling for each other, continuing to support each other and continuing to hold guys accountable.”
HOUSTON - It was media day for the NBA on Wednesday leading up to the NBA finals. For the Houston Rockets, it was also media day, to a certain extent. Head coach Mike D'Antoni and general manager Daryl Morey met with the media about 48 hours after their very painful exit from the playoffs following their seven-game Western Conference finals series loss to the Golden State Warriors.
“It was a record-breaking season in many ways,” Morey said in his opening comments. “Rockets fans and coach (D'Antoni) and myself are going to feel like there was for sure more there in (having) double-digit leads in two elimination games, but what the coaches and players accomplished this year was truly incredible.”
The Rockets led the defending NBA champs 3-2 before not being able to claim wins in either Game 6 or 7, both played without Chris Paul, who injured his hamstring in the final minute of their Game 5 victory at Toyota Center.
“All day yesterday and today in talking to the players, it's all about how we're going to battle this back and not have this feeling again and get all the way next year,” Morey said. “Generally, we want to bring our free agents back.”
Morey wouldn't rule out making changes to the roster.
“The better you get, the more expensive the team gets, the more cap exceptions go away to help you improve the team,” Morey said. “We'll have to get creative and do whatever is possible to get better."
Five of the Rockets' key rotation players during the regular season will be free agents this offseason. Guards Chris Paul and Gerald Green, along with forwards Trevor Ariza and Luc Mbah a Moute, and center Clint Capela are free agents with all but Capela unrestricted.
All signs continue to point to the Rockets resigning Paul, which has been the plan since he opted into the final year of his previous deal to help facilitate last offseason's trade to the Rockets from the Clippers.
Both Morey and D'Antoni described a very distraught Paul after his injury forced him to miss the final two games.
"He took it the hardest I thought, because he knew if he hadn't had the unfortunate injury, that he's dragging us the last (over) the goal line,” Morey said. “I think he took it the hardest.”
“He's been there before in those moments and (you) just get injured sometimes, freakishly,” D'Antoni said. “Stuff happens, yeah, he took it hard. But you know what, he'll be back and he'll be back 100 percent and we'll be ready to go.”
It was an emotional ending to the season for the other veterans players, too.
“The emotions were high in the (exit) meetings,” Morey said. “It was painful, especially for the guys that have been in the league for 10-plus years. They know you don't get many opportunities and that was a real good one. They're all very hungry to get back and do it next year.”
Morey expressed optimism in having the team back in a similar if not better position next season.
“We're going to have the pick of the free agents out there,” Morey said. “We do feel like we are very well-positioned to win that free agent battle to get over that last hump.”
Copyright 2018 by KPRC Click2Houston - All rights reserved.
A two-year-old girl died Tuesday being struck by a car in a southwest Las Vegas hospital parking lot on April 23. (Gai Phanalasy / FOX5)
A two-year-old girl died Tuesday being struck by a car in a southwest Las Vegas hospital parking lot on April 23.
Metro Police said at about 3:13 p.m. that day, the girl was walking with her family between cars at the St. Rose Pediatrics parking lot, near Buffalo Drive and the 215 freeway. A Mercedes-Benz was passing through the lot and hit her.
The driver, a 35-year-old Las Vegas man, was cooperative and stayed on the scene. No impairment was involved, police said.
The girl appeared to have a severe head injury, police said, and was taken into UMC Trauma for treatment. Police said she died on May 8 at UMC.
Metro police said the girl's mother was directly supervising her daughter when the crash happened.
Doctors called the injury "horrific," police said.
A 31-year-old woman, a two year-old girl and a six-month-old girl were also in the car, but no one inside was hurt, Metro said.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Banbridge coach Daniel Soper had praise for his squad's strength-in-depth following a weekend win over Dolphin.
The 16-11 success in Cork secured a seventh all-Ireland success in 10 Ulster Bank League Division 1B outings.
Soper took special encouragement from a result achieved without Banbridge's nine Ulster Academy and Development players.
“I think we showed that we are building strength-in-depth,” he said. “Richard Graham played his part in a much-improved forward performance and Matthew Laird was simply excellent.
“It was certainly a big blow losing Ian (Porter) as he has been such a massive influence with his kicking, distribution and game management.
“But Josh (Cromie) slotted back in at 9 and I thought Ben Carson did well at out-half.
“And Stuart Cromie had a full game and deserved that try for all his hard work round the pitch.
“Dolphin are a very competitive side, their league position is not a fair reflection of their ability.
“But I thought we put in a much-improved performance, our set-piece work was much better and we defended very well for long periods when we were under pressure.
“We go into the Christmas break now with 34 points from 10 games, which I think is beyond anyone's expectations.
“It's been a gruelling 10-game run so the players will enjoy a short break before we get back to the action.”
TOKYO — Belgian David Goffin reached a second straight Japan Open tennis final with a tense 7-6(3), 7-6(6) victory over Argentina's Diego Schwartzman on Saturday.
Goffin will face either Croatia's Marin Cilic or Frenchman Adrian Mannarino in Sunday's decider.
A Schwartzman double fault at 6-6 in the second tiebreak gifted Goffin a chance to serve for the match, which he converted.
With no breaks in the first set, Goffin took the initiative in the fifth game of the second. He served for the match at 5-4 only for Schwartzman to break back.
Goffin also held the upper hand in the tiebreak at 3-2, before Schwartzman broke back two points later.
The victory extends Goffin's winning streak to eight matches, including four in winning his first title since 2014 in Shenzhen last week.
He stands at No.10 in the Emirates ATP Race to London rankings. With the injured Novak Djokovic and Stan Wawrinka ruled out, 10th place is good enough to secure a spot at the end-of-season showpiece.
Arizona announced over the weekend that the program had hired former Washington head coach Lorenzo Romar as associate head coach, with Romar replacing Joe Pasternack on staff. Pasternack is now the head coach at UC Santa Barbara.
“It's an exciting day for Arizona Basketball to be able to welcome Lorenzo Romar and his family to our basketball family,” said Arizona head coach Sean Miller. “Lorenzo's accomplishments in this game speak for themselves, including his successful tenure as the head coach at Washington for the last 15 seasons. However, his dedication to his players, passion for this game and impeccable character is what everybody that knows him loves about him. He will no doubt make a significant impact in all aspects of our basketball program as we continue to build and improve in all that we do.”
Romar spent a decade-and-a-half coaching at Washington, and while the Huskies struggled towards the end of his time in Seattle, he was arguably the most successful coach in the history of the program. That was largely due to the fact that he was able to recruit so well. He sent six players to the first round of the NBA Draft in the last six seasons — that doesn't include Isaiah Thomas — and if he hadn't been fired he could have very well ended up landing the No. 1 picks in the 2017 and 2018 drafts in Markelle Fultz and Michael Porter Jr.
A Southern California native, Romar is one of the nation's best recruiters, and his addition to a program that is already landing players like Deandre Ayton should be terrifying for west coast teams.
“Of all the potential opportunities that were out there for me, joining the Arizona program was the one that was the most appealing,” Romar said. “I truly believe Sean Miller is one of the best coaches in America. The opportunity to join him, his staff and the rich tradition of Arizona Basketball is something that I'm extremely excited about.”
That matter (electronic voting) has been controversial. But there is no doubt that it will be the best in terms of more credibility, accuracy of result, and solve the challenge we have with contested results, as well as judges and lawyers benefiting from such contestation. With what is done in advanced countries, there are very […]
The post Is INEC's decision to rule out electronic voting right? appeared first on Punch Newspapers.
The FBI and the Curry County Sheriff's Office are asking for the public's help in locating Lucas Randall DeYoung of Brookings, Oregon.
On February 1, 2018, the FBI obtained a federal fugitive warrant charging DeYoung, age 36, with unlawful flight to avoid prosecution. The Curry County Sheriff's Office had previously charged DeYoung with attempted aggravated murder, attempted murder, delivery of a controlled substance and unlawful manufacture of marijuana in relation to the shooting of a Curry County man on December 28, 2017.
The FBI has posted DeYoung's FBI Wanted flyer here. The FBI is also running Facebook ads featuring the fugitive hunt for DeYoung in Oregon, Washington, Virginia and Nevada.
DeYoung is described as:
White man
Eyes: Brown
Hair: Brown
Height: 6'1″
Weight: 190 pounds
Other: Scar on his left finger and tattoos on his back and right shoulder
DeYoung is a known to use illegal drugs and carry firearms. He is also a known gambler. DeYoung may have travelled to the Mason County/Thurston County areas of Washington State, Virginia or Las Vegas, Nevada.
He should be considered armed and dangerous.
Anyone with information about DeYoung's location should contact their local FBI office or submit a tip via https://tips.fbi.gov. In Oregon, call the FBI in Medford at (541) 773-2942, the FBI in Portland at (503) 224-4181 or the Curry County Sheriff's Office at (541) 247-3243.
[October 06, 2017] New Vista Behavioral Health Opens The Point Co-Ed Sub-Acute Detoxification Treatment Center
New Vista Behavioral Health (www.newvistabehavioralhealth.com), a leading provider of addiction and mental health treatment, is proud to announce the opening of The Point, located in the Southern California coastal community of Huntington Beach. The Point joins New Vista Behavioral Health's family of treatment centers offering detoxification and residential substance abuse treatment in a safe and comfortable environment, adding to the company's full continuity of care. Clients are carefully monitored with 24-hour supervision by a compassionate and experienced clinical team that considers the client's physical, mental, and spiritual needs. The primary goal at The Point is to support clients in breaking the cycle of addiction from alcohol, stimulants, opiates, and benzodiazepines. The sevices provided include detoxification, medically assisted treatment, hypnotherapy, sensory therapy, sound therapy, mindfulness meditation, yoga, and discharge planning. Dr. Stephen Odom, CEO and Chief Clinical Officer of New Vista Behavioral Health, stated, "At New Vista Behavioral Health, we recognize that detox is the first vital step in a client's recovery journey. The decision to begin this journey takes courage and requires professional support. We provide the medical and clinical expertise - and just as important, the compassion - that allows us to walk alongside the client to help them achieve wellness and lasting recovery." About New Vista Behavioral Health: New Vista Behavioral Health recognizes the need for comprehensive and principle-driven services in the behavioral health industry and is committed to creating a healthy and productive new vista for recovery and success. New Vista Behavioral Health's mission is to provide innovative, client-centered, evidence-based, treatment solutions to create a healthy and productive new vista for recovery and success. Their centers offer sub-acute detox, residential, partial hospitalization, intensive outpatient, and outpatient services for clients facing Substance Use and Co-Occurring Disorders. For more information about New Vista Behavioral Health and the addiction and mental health services they provide, please visit http://www.newvistabh.com/ or call 844-233-4934.
View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20171006005168/en/
[ Back To TMCnet.com's Homepage ]
Noted aviator and actor Harrison Ford flew his private plane over a jet airliner on the ground at a Southern California airport Monday. It's not the first time the Star Wars and Indiana Jones star has had problems landing.
The 74-year-old Ford was instructed to land on a runway at Orange County's John Wayne Airport but mistakenly landed on a parallel taxiway, passing over a Boeing 737 carrying 110 passengers and six crew members.
On a recording, Ford asked air traffic controllers, "Was that airliner meant to be underneath me?" according to NBC News, which first reported the incident.
Federal Aviation Administration spokesman Ian Gregor said the pilot heard and read back the correct landing instructions, according to The Associated Press. Gregor did not confirm it was Ford who was piloting the plane, a single-engine Aviat Husky. The AP reports that he didn't say how close Ford's plane came to hitting the jet on the ground.
No one was injured and the jet, American Airlines Flight 1456, took off for Dallas shortly after without incident.
The FAA is now investigating, which "could result in a simple warning letter to a suspension of Ford's pilot's license," NBC reports.
Ford collects vintage planes and has been flying for decades. According to NPR's Russell Lewis, Ford is "a highly-skilled and highly-rated pilot. He's qualified to fly single and twin engine planes, seaplanes, helicopters and he's also an instrument-rated pilot." In 2015, Ford said he owned "eight or nine various types of airplanes," according to NTSB documents posted on AirSafe.com.
Ford reported on a medical certificate application that he had logged at least 5,200 flight hours, according to the NTSB.
He was a 2008 honoree and received the Legends Aviation Legacy Award from Kiddie Hawk Air Academy, and subsequently had an award named after him.
Ford was seriously injured in March 2015 when he crash-landed a restored World War II-era trainer plane on a golf course near the Santa Monica Airport shortly after takeoff. A National Transportation Safety Board report found the crash was caused by a loose engine part.
In 2000, Ford's plane "departed" a runway in Lincoln, Neb., because of a gust of wind, according to AirSafe.com. He was flying a Beechcraft Bonanza which "sustained minor damage," though Ford and his passenger were not injured.
And in 1999 he crash-landed a helicopter during a training flight in Ventura County, near Los Angeles, according to the AP. "Although the helicopter rolled over on its left side, neither Ford nor the instructor were injured," AirSafe.com notes.
Running a small business means trying to stand out in a landscape that's more competitive than ever, making use of limited resources and likely wearing multiple hats at once. Every dollar counts, which often necessitates foregoing helpful tools in the name of cutting costs—like a business phone system. While useful in many ways, they're also expensive and not always suitable for teams whose members work remotely or travel often.
There's a fairly simple alternative: Forget a phone system. Just use your cell phones! Everyone has one, they're great, who needs anything else. Right? It's certainly an option, but one that comes with disadvantages, and thanks to new technology, there's no longer any need to settle. Enter the cloud phone system.
In the rest of this article, we'll explain:
What a cloud-based phone system is.
What you're missing out on without a cloud phone system.
How to further strengthen your phone experience with an answering service.
What is a cloud-based phone system?
A cloud-based phone system (also known as a virtual phone system) essentially gives your smartphone all the functionality of a sophisticated business phone system without the frightening price tag or unnecessary hardware. They're nimble (setup involves little more than downloading an app), affordable (no contracts, low monthly pricing), and they go wherever you go. Designed to make your business appear as polished and professional as possible, cloud phone systems are undoubtedly the future of business communications.
How can my business benefit from using one?
Using your personal phone number as your business number carries with it a number of disadvantages and inconveniences, the first of which is: it's just unprofessional. In the eyes of most customers, an established business has a dedicated phone number. A personal phone number in place of one can make you look smaller, a potentially costly and easily avoidable problem. When you setup your cloud phone system, you'll either choose a new local or toll-free phone number or port in an existing number. This number will ring to any phone you want it to, giving you and your team better control of your phone calls.
Lacking a business phone system can also create headaches for your customers. Reaching a specific person or department in your company on the phone is much more difficult when everyone's using their own phone number—advertising twelve phone numbers at once isn't exactly visually pleasing—and you can bet they'll be quick to call a competitor after a frustrating phone experience. This is where your cloud phone system shines: Call routing controls connect your callers to everyone on your team from the same phone number. Once they call, they're prompted to press 1 for this person, 2 for that department, et cetera, and the call rings right to that user's phone. In the case of a department or group of users, the call will ring to all of their phones at once, so whoever is available at the time can answer quickly.
There's a wealth of actionable knowledge to be gained by analyzing how your business uses the phone. Is a lot of your business coming from a certain geographic area? Are your phones busier on certain days or at certain times? Did that advertising campaign lead to an uptick in calls? Accessing that information is much more difficult, however, if your business calls are taking place on a handful of different cell phones. With a cloud phone system equipped with analytics, all of your call information is available in detailed reports, so you're always informed and up-to-date.
An answering service captures every call.
While a cloud phone system absolutely strengthens your business communication structure, some calls will inevitably slip through the cracks. The occasional missed call might not seem like a disastrous mistake, but that missed call might just be your new biggest client—just one more slip-up that's entirely avoidable with the right tools at your disposal. An answering service with 24/7 availability keeps your phone calls covered and offsets the calls from customers seeking basic information (business hours, return policy, pricing, etc).
The best answering services do much more than take messages: expertly trained agents can process orders, manage appointments, act as a help desk, screen calls, collect lead information and more. This all happens based on your customized script, which helps agents sound exactly like a member of your team. And one more thing: the best answering services can integrate with any online systems you have in place, like a CRM or case-management software like Salesforce or Clio.
Once you've set up your answering service, they can step in to answer calls as often as you'd like. Are you taking off for the week? Do you only want business calls during business hours? You can even route calls to your phone first, then the answering service if you don't answer in a certain amount of time. You control your calls, and they'll always be answered by a friendly, knowledgeable person.
It's true, small businesses have to do more with less, which can be a disadvantage. Fortunately, the sophisticated telephone tools that were once inaccessible to smaller businesses now exist in a mobile app that's flexible and affordable. The flexible features of a cloud phone system paired with the dependable support of an answering system are a powerful duo that ensure you'll never squander another phone call.
Russian intelligence officials made repeated contact with members of President Trump's campaign staff, according to new reports that cite anonymous U.S. officials. American agencies were concerned about the contacts but haven't seen proof of collusion between the campaign and the Russian security apparatus, the reports say.
Law enforcement and intelligence agencies intercepted the calls at the same time as they investigated Russia's attempts to tamper with the presidential election, according to The New York Times, which first reported the contacts.
According to CNN, "The communications were intercepted during routine intelligence collection targeting Russian officials and other Russian nationals known to U.S. intelligence."
Both CNN and the Times cite multiple current and former U.S. officials as the sources for their stories.
Reporter Matt Apuzzo, part of the Times team that broke the story, tells NPR's Morning Edition that while officials said they haven't seen proof of collusion — "just the flurry of contacts was enough, and the timing of the contacts, was enough to get them very concerned."
U.S. agencies are still working to determine the reasons behind the contacts, officials tell both news outlets.
President Trump called the reports "conspiracy theories" early Wednesday, in response to the stories:
"The fake news media is going crazy with their conspiracy theories and blind hatred," the president wrote. He then added that MSNBC and CNN are "unwatchable," while the Fox News program Fox & Friends "is great."
The Kremlin had a similar response, with Russian Presidential Spokesman Dmitry Peskov saying, "Let us not believe in what media say, for nowadays it is very difficult to tell actual news from fake ones."
That's according to state-run Tass media, which adds that Peskov also criticized the use of anonymous sources by the media.
Allegations about Trump's involvement with Russia have ranged from reports last month of a dossier that alleged collusion between the then-candidate and Russian President Vladimir Putin to a public call from the candidate himself last July, when he urged Russian agents to "find" Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton's emails and release them.
The FBI has been investigating contacts between Trump aides and Russia; in Congress, there are also calls for public investigations. Last month, the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence announced it would investigate allegations that Russia meddled in the U.S. elections.
But there is resistance among Republicans in Congress to go after one of their own, particularly as the new president is settling into the White House.
Republican Rep. Mike Johnson of Louisiana, who's on the House Judiciary Committee, tells Morning Edition, "I don't think we need an independent investigation here, I think we need to let the Intelligence and the Judiciary committees do their work."
That work, he said, includes receiving classified briefings about the new allegations. Johnson also raised questions about leaks in the government — particularly of information that's drawn from surveillance that swept up the communications of U.S. citizens.
"There are some serious legal implications here," Johnson said, "but it has nothing to do with partisan politics. I mean, the leak of highly classified information by what is apparent here — a number of individuals inside our intelligence community — is the illegal act that I think we need to review."
Johnson also faulted intelligence agencies for not doing more to protect the identity of Americans — such as former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn — whose communications with a foreign national were monitored.
New reports of contacts between the Trump campaign and Russia follow the exit of a third member of Donald Trump's inner circle in the past 12 months amid allegations of inappropriate contact with the country:
Michael Flynn resigned as national security adviser this week over the handling of his contacts with Russia's ambassador to the U.S.;
Paul Manafort, resigned as Trump's campaign chairman last August amid reports of his attempts to align Trump's policies with Russian interests;
Carter Page removed himself as a foreign policy adviser last September, as reports emerged about a visit to Russia and other potential contacts.
Manafort and Flynn were among the senior Trump team members who were "regularly communicating with Russian nationals," CNN reports.
In an interview with the Times, Manafort called the officials' account "absurd" and said he had never had anything to do with Putin's government.
Manafort told the newspaper, "It's not like these people wear badges that say, 'I'm a Russian intelligence officer.'"
CHARLOTTE — Justin Thomas was in the midst of what at best could be described as a temper tantrum during the final round of the Wyndham Championship two years ago, throwing clubs, dropping f-bombs and carrying on as he made a mess of one shot after another on his way to a back-nine 40. A father was on the other side of the ropes following along with his young son and took exception to the rookie's behavior, so he tweeted at Thomas, telling him what a big fan of his he and his boy were—until that day.
The rising young star who was destined to play golf for a living since birth—Thomas first picked up a club, a cut-down MacGregor persimmon 2-wood, at 18 months old, his first words were “bag of balls” and his father and grandfather are both longtime teaching pros who briefly dabbled in the highest levels of the game—got a talking to from his dad, Mike, and eventually saw the tweet, too.
“I was embarrassed,” Thomas said, recalling the moment Sunday night at Quail Hollow. “I made myself look bad in front of not only the fans but a little kid, and I want to be a role model. So I reached out and told him I was really sorry and I would try to do better.”
At the 99th PGA Championship, on a sweltering Sunday, Justin Thomas did a lot better, exuding a type of cool and calm that runs against the grain of most 24-year-olds, doesn't fit with a swing-out-of-the-shoes mentality and was simply impressive in the throes of trying to win his first career major championship.
“I just had an unbelievable calmness throughout the week, throughout the day,” Thomas said following a final-round three-under 68 to win by two strokes over Francesco Molinari, Patrick Reed and Louis Oosthuizen. “I just didn't get flustered. I felt like I kind of kept everything in front of me. I know how hard doubles are to make up out here, so I tried to avoid those and was able to make a lot of birdies. It was great.”
So too was his golf, especially when it mattered most.
‘I told him this week when we talked that he was good enough to win anywhere. He hits the ball as well as any guy out there, and he has shots that other guys don't have.' —Paul Thomas
Thomas chipped in from 40 feet for birdie on the 13th hole at Quail Hollow Club to separate himself from a pack of five other players and seize control of the year's final major. Then he sealed it with a spectacular soaring 7-iron from 220 yards over water on the par-3 17th to set up a 15-foot birdie putt that he would curl in.
A little luck helped along the way, too.
Pinterest David Cannon/Getty Images Thomas putts out on the 18th green to claim his first major.
On the par-4 10th hole, Thomas' eight-footer for birdie rolled up to the left side of the cup and hung over the edge. He pointed at the ball to go in then started walking away. After 11½ seconds, it fell in for a birdie.
It was a moment reminiscent of Tiger Woods' chip in at the 2005 Masters, which sat on the edge before disappearing into the hole. Thomas walked away with a smile, fist-bumped his caddie, tipped his hat and then simply shrugged his shoulders.
Meanwhile, other contenders faded one by one.
RELATED: Winners & Losers from Sunday at Quail Hollow
Hideki Matsuyama, trying to become the first player from Japan to win a major, bounced back from back-to-back bogeys with two straight birdies on 14 and 15 to get within one. But after Thomas drilled a six-footer to save par on 16, Matsuyama missed his putt from a foot closer.
Kevin Kisner, who began the day with a one-stroke lead and was also trying to win his first major, bogeyed 16, three-putting from 100 feet and failed to birdie 17 before hitting his second shot on the closing hole into the water to play the final three holes in six over and finish with a 74.
Thomas, who came into the week having already won three times during the 2016-'17 PGA Tour season, shooting a 59 in Hawaii and a 63 in the U.S. Open, never wavered, bouncing back from an opening-hole bogey and finishing the week without a three-putt.
“I think what he learned is he's got to play his game and not force it,” Thomas' caddie, Jimmy Johnson, said. “Just let the course come to him and not try to over power it. Play a little smarter. He was trying too hard. I don't think he was as much frustrated as he was trying too hard. Just had to let his potential come through.”
RELATED: Why Justin Thomas' girlfriend almost wasn't there for his big win
Watching it all unfold from their home in Columbus, Ohio, were Thomas' grandparents. Through the text messages, phone calls and tears they could see a different Justin, too.
Pinterest Mike Ehrmann Justin shared the winning moment with his father, Mike.
“You could see it last week at Firestone,” said Paul Thomas, who was the longtime pro at Zanesville Country Club in Ohio and played in the 1962 U.S. Open. “He made a double bogey on the ninth hole one day, and he came walking off the green and you'd think he made birdie. Everything was OK.
“I told him this week when we talked that he was good enough to win anywhere. He hits the ball as well as any guy out there, and he has shots that other guys don't have.”
But in earnest it was when Justin didn't have it that might have won him this tournament.
Struggling with his iron play on Saturday and faced with a borderline course setup in the eyes of many players, Thomas kept it together and grinded out a 69 to stay within two of the lead with one round to go. It was something he admitted he wouldn't have been able to do a year ago.
“He's very fiery, very emotional and very aggressive, and when you're that way and it doesn't work out it can go the other way real quick,” said Mike Thomas, who played college golf at Morehead State and had dreams of playing the tour that instead lived out through his son. “We spent the past year talking about that. Are you emotional or are you angry? He's 24. He's going to get more mature, and he showed a lot of maturity this week. [Saturday] he didn't play well his maturity allowed him to grind out a score.
“Majors you don't know how your gonna do. He did pretty good.”
In the year's final major, Thomas was better than good. He was the best.
WATCH: GOLF DIGEST VIDEOS
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
An Indian company has emerged with a bold plan for taking over Sri Lanka's struggling Mattala Rajapaksa International Airport (MRIA). The proposal, which would see India pumping $205 million into the airport for a 70% share for 40 years, was approved by Sri Lanka's Civil Aviation Minister Nimal Siripala de Silva and sent on to the country's cabinet for review. While Sri Lanka has received a total of eight proposals from various other parties — including China — to take over the airport, the Indian plan is reportedly being reviewed on its own.
For many years, there was a very strong demand for Sri Lanka to add additional international aviation capacity. Air traffic through Colombo was getting too heavy, and the country either had to add an additional runway there or build or expand another airport elsewhere. At a cost of $209 million — most of which coming from China — Sri Lanka chose the later option, building Mattala International far out in southern Hambantota district, a 250-kilometer drive from Colombo.
This airport started out as a key part of an ambitious plan by Sri Lanka's former president Mahinda Rajapaksa to transform his extremely rural hometown region into Sri Lanka's number two metropolis. In addition to the airport, there would be a $1.4 billion deep sea port, a large industrial and export processing zone, an exhibition center, a large cricket stadium, and a hotel and leisure area that would be connected together by some of the country's best highways. The idea was that all of these large projects would rise up together and support each other. It was an all or nothing wager placed on creating an entirely new economy out in the middle of the jungle.
However, this great scheme has yet to come to fruition. Being located in a remote area in an under-developed part of the country, Mattala airport had difficulty attracting both passengers and airlines. Only one or two flights per day currently stop there, and, according to the Sri Lankan government, the 3,000 flights that touched down at the airport in 2014 served just 21,000 passengers — a mere seven passengers per plane average. This has led to MRIA being dubbed the “world's emptiest international airport,” with its vacant corridors, gates, and tarmac serving as more of an attraction for curious journalists than actual passengers.
This squalid state of affairs has led to the airport suffering major financial losses, with the government claiming that MRIA has hemorrhaged $112.9 million as of the end of last year. It has become clear that Mattala International would not be able to provide the financial sustenance necessary for Sri Lanka to pay back the $190 million of loans that the Exim Bank of China provided to build it anytime soon.
To these ends, Sri Lanka has been looking for other entities to take over Mattala International since last June. Some takers have actually emerged, with IZP, a Chinese informational technology company, leading the pack. However, the air waves had gone silent about the state of these proposals until the Indian offer came in last week.
Is India trying to use the Mattala airport to counter China?
India's offer to take over the Mattala airport came hardly two weeks after a landmark deal which saw a 70% share of the Hambantota deep sea port being sold to China for 99 years. The port and airport are within a half hour drive of each other, and are part of the same conurbation of development. When viewed in this light, it appears as if the timing of India's offer may not have been a coincidence, and could perhaps be another move by India to counter China's growing presence in the South Asian region — in the vein of India's prospective deal to develop Sri Lanka's Trincomalee port or a recent partnership with Japan to engage in large-scale infrastructure development in Asia and Africa.
However, if this was the case, it would fall right within Xi Jinping's rhetoric about the Belt and Road Initiative (BRI) and the “community of common destiny” that it is intended to provide impetus for.
It is common to view the BRI as a Chinese expansionist strategy, with China vying to take control of as many of the world's emerging infrastructure assets as possible. But this isn't necessarily the case. China gains power through the BRI not by being omnipotent and competitive, but through the leverage that is gained through what they dub as “mutually beneficial partnerships” with other countries. Ultimately, China controlling the Hambantota deep sea port and India running the Mattala airport is an ideal Belt and Road arrangement.
Since the start of the BRI in 2013, China has been trying to get India on board — which is something that is fundamental for the initiative's success in South Asia. On numerous occasions, China has invited India to participate in their escapades in Sri Lanka; trying to get Indian participation in the Colombo Port City project as well as at the impending industrial zone at Hambantota. Despite India's very public opposition to China's BRI, they are very much wrapped up in the endeavor — and moving in to take over the Mattala airport would actually be another major step in this direction.
(Source: Forbes – By Wade Shepard / Pix by Ishara S. KODIKARA)
Six great basketball games played in an intimate arena packed with 12,000 jazzed fans for every game. What's not to like?
Nothing, as it turns out. For us, for the NCAA and even for national TV fans who were able to get a better view from home.
NCAA President Mark Emmert told the Statesman's Chadd Cripe that he was impressed with the sell-out crowds and the energy at Boise's Taco Bell arena. In other parts of the country, in bigger arenas, the games were not always as crowded or as energetic.
“We love being in Boise,” Emmert said.
Never miss a local story. Sign up today for unlimited digital access to our website, apps, the digital newspaper and more. SUBSCRIBE NOW
The NCAA Tournament returned for the first time since 2009, after having been a Boise regular for 20 years. It was an unqualified success, at least after broadcasters lowered the cameras in the rafters a little closer to the action for viewers at home.
Boise has a reputation as an indifferent sports town, with fans spoiled by near-perfect Boise State football teams who don't always fill Albertson stadium.
Thank you #BoiseState for hosting opening round games at #MarchMadness. The games were great and Boise is wonderful! #NCAA #Boise — Michael Hallinan (@MBH2457) March 18, 2018
But Taco Bell Arena did sell out some Bronco basketball games this season. With the Big Sky Conference basketball tournament coming in 2019 and ESPN's X Games returning in June, Boise has more chances to demonstrate its big-league bona fides.
Another positive sign: CBS broadcasters knew how to properly pronounce Boy-See, and without any patronizing discussion.
For this year's NCAA tournament, Boise adopted upstart Buffalo. The underdog beat Arizona before losing to powerhouse Kentucky, which is headed to the Sweet 16. Northwest favorite, Spokane's Gonzaga, bested Ohio State to become the other team to advance from Boise — a fourth consecutive Sweet 16 for the Zags and a chance to repeat last year's trip to the championship game.
My view for the Cats in Boise. Small arena here, not a bad seat! #BBN Let's Go!!!! pic.twitter.com/FBM1OlqCUH — JOHN WILSON (@jdubz66) March 15, 2018
Boiseans were thrilled, with the Buffalo upset, the caliber of the competitors, and the chance to meet players, band members and fans around town and extend our famous hospitality.
The fans, coaches and players returned the love. Heck, we even made bad boy John Calipari happy. The Kentucky coach found a Boise donut shop to like, DK's on State Street.
Had to go back to DK's after mass. Wanted to confirm that the donuts are that good. Confirmed!! I was wrong about their hours. They're open 4 a.m. to 9 p.m. With Angkearot Long. pic.twitter.com/Twwcwdefpp — John Calipari (@UKCoachCalipari) March 15, 2018
“I just want to say thank you to all the fans,” Buffalo guard CJ Massinburg said.
You are more than welcome. We can't wait for the tournament to return in 2021.
French owner Grand Large Yachting has unveiled its first new model for the Gunboat brand.
When Gunboat, the US company that created the luxury super-fast carbon catamaran range, went into Chapter 11 bankruptcy last year, there were big questions about the future of one of sailing's most daring and innovative brands.
In May of 2016 the rights and assets of the company (excluding the G4 foiling catamaran) were bought at auction by French company Grand Large Yachting, which is behind the Allures, Garcia and Outremer catamaran ranges.
The new owners began by consulting existing Gunboat owners and skippers to find out how to develop and improve the range, then turned to multihull masters VPLP for the new design.
The new Gunboat 68 design was unveiled in Annapolis in October. This is a yacht designed to gobble up 500-mile days and take part in one-design fleet racing and it boasts a host of clever and forward-thinking ideas.
The lines manage to be both sleek and aggressive, with reverse bows inspired by VPLP's record-breaking 100ft trimaran MACIF. One neat idea is that the modular saloon interior is fully demountable. The company knew that racing owners stripped out their boats for events, so decided to design a modular layout.
The fixed roof will support an array of solar panels and the aim is to equip the new Gunboat 68 with sufficient green power to do without a generator. There is a ‘semi-walkthough' cockpit and tillers and bucket seats for outside steering as well as Gunboat's customary inside steering position. There are a large number of performance options: curved asymmetric or symmetric daggerboards; a long or short longeron (midships beam and bowsprit); long or short boom; rotating wingmast or fixed rig.
There are “over 80 [interior] permutations in a production setting,” says Lars Erickson, who previously ran Gunboat 62 Zenyatta. “This is a sophisticated and sexy boat that is grunty and offshore competent.”
Gunboat 57: first look
At Annapolis another new Gunboat was on show. When the company went bust, the owner of VaiVai, a Gunboat 55, rescued his part-built boat from the Gunboat premises and turned to designer Nigel Irens to tweak it before organising the completion of the build himself. This has now been relaunched as the Gunboat 57 and adopted into the new Gunboat range.
Gunboat 55 video test – the coolest boat in the Caribbean.
Elongated at the stern, the new 57 has a revised and improved steering system with more performance-orientated lifting daggerboards in place of the original pivoting centreboards.
“The daggerboard installation did require a cabin redesign, which in turn allowed the engines to be repositioned amidships to lessen the pitching moment and improve the trim,” notes Irens.
www.gunboat.com
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
MIAMI (CBSMiami) – In honor of Independence Day, we've got a couple of “Fourth Facts” you probably didn't know about.
We all don our favorite red, white and blue garb to celebrate our country's independence. But there are a few details about the holiday you didn't learn in your history books, or maybe you simply forgot them!
Here's a crash course in 4th of July facts.
You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters
White nationalist and neo-Nazi hate groups have made headlines over the last two days for the violent clashes in Virginia on Saturday, but what does their influence look like outside of Charlottesville?
President Donald Trump denounced violence "on many sides" on Saturday after protesters and counterprotesters clashed. But the President faced bipartisan criticism for failing to call out the racist and white supremacist views of those who had traveled from across the country for the event; he finally did so Monday afternoon, a full 48 hours after his first tweet on the topic.
"Racism is evil and those who cause violence in its name are criminal and thugs," Trump said on Monday, "including the KKK, neo-Nazis, white supremacists and other hate groups that are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans."
According to Southern Poverty Law Center, there are 917 recognized hate group chapters across the country. 31 are in North Carolina. The groups include: 8 Black separatist
3 Neo-Confederate
4 Racist Skinheads
8 KKK
White Nationalist
2 Anti Muslim
3 Neo Nazi
Anti Immigration
Anti LGBT
The number of hate groups in the United States has ticked up since the 2016 presidential campaign began, according to classifications of groups from the Southern Poverty Law Center, an Alabama-based nonprofit activist group that tracks civil rights and hate crimes.
Meanwhile, the number anti-Muslim groups skyrocketed and other types of white nationalist, neo-Nazi and neo-Confederate groups reversed their pattern of decline to tick upward.
The SPLC defines a hate group as an organization with "beliefs or practices that attack or malign an entire class of people, typically for their immutable characteristics." Some critics of the SPLC say the group's activism biases how it categorizes certain groups.
Here's a deeper look at how the number of hate groups and hate crimes has evolved over the last year and the last two decades, according to SPLC.
1. Overall hate group numbers rose over election season
Over the course of the 2016 presidential campaign, the number of hate groups in the United States grew after falling off following former President Barack Obama's re-election. The number of total hate groups has risen 17% since 2014, to 917 organizations, according to data from the Southern Poverty Law Center. The SPLC specifically pointed to a "presidential campaign that flirted heavily with extremist ideas" for the recent uptick in these groups. However, though the current number is double the number of hate groups that existed in 1999, it falls short of the high of 1,018 hate groups recognized by the organization in 2011.
2. Breaking down types of hate groups in the United States
Black separatists, anti-white groups who support separate institutions for blacks, make up one in five hate groups in the United States, according to the Southern Poverty Law Center. One in six is linked to the Ku Klux Klan, while another one in 10 are white nationalist and one in 10 are neo-Nazi. One in 10 hate groups are anti-Muslim. Smaller categories include neo-Confederates, anti-LGBT groups and racist "skinheads," according to the organization.
3. Anti-Muslim groups tripled in last year
The number of hate groups focused on Muslims increased dramatically over the last half-decade, jumping after the GOP electoral wave in 2010 and then tripling over the last year. Only five groups focused on anti-Islamic beliefs in 2010. But now 101 hate groups focus mainly on Muslims, marking the third-largest category of hate group behind only black separatists and Ku Klux Klan organizations. "Muslims are depicted as irrational, intolerant and violent, and their faith is frequently depicted as sanctioning pedophilia, coupled with intolerance for homosexuals and women," the Southern Poverty Law Center said.
4. Anti-Islamic hate crimes spiked in 2015 in FBI data
Hate crimes against Muslims spiked in 2015, according to FBI data, reaching their highest point since the immediate aftermath of the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks. The FBI recognized 257 anti-Islamic hate crimes in 2015 -- up sharply from the 154 incidents reported the previous year. Then-candidate Trump made immigration from the Muslim-majority world a core issue of his campaign, proposing a "complete and total shutdown" of Muslims entering the United States. Again, experts say these numbers are actually higher because some localities do not report hate statistics.
5. Racially motivated hate crimes against blacks ticked up last year
FBI data tracking hate crimes show racially motivated crimes against blacks in the United States declining steadily since Obama took office in 2009. But in the last year, those numbers slightly increased by 8% to 1,621 hate crimes nationwide in 2015. Still, experts say these numbers are largely underreported because the FBI relies on local governments to report their data -- and many don't.
6. Some racially focused hate group numbers declined over last several years
Some racist hate groups -- including neo-Nazis, white nationalists and their more violent counterparts, a group dubbed racist "skinheads" -- have seen declining numbers over the last half-decade. The number of white nationalists fell from 146 groups in 2011 to just 100 groups today, according to data from the Southern Poverty Law Center. The number of neo-Nazi groups fell from 170 to 99, and racist "skinheads" fell from 133 to 78 over the same time span. Still, the overall number of hate groups has increased, largely due to increases in anti-Muslim groups and black separatist groups.
7. Other racially focused group numbers ticking upward in 2016
But neo-Confederate and black separatists have seen their numbers increase over the last few years. The number of neo-Confederate groups inched up to 43 -- its highest since Obama took office in 2009 but still far from its high of 151 in 2012. Meanwhile, the number of black separatists has rocketed from 81 groups a decade ago to 193 groups now -- the largest subgroup of hate group, according to the Southern Poverty Law Center. Also, it should be noted that neo-Nazis and white nationalists, both mentioned in the previous section, bucked their yearslong trend and saw their numbers tick up just slightly in 2016.
Ahmed Sahid Nasralla (De Monk): Sierra Leone Telegraph: 4 July 2018:
Traditionally, paramount chiefs in Sierra Leone play an important role in maintaining law and order at chiefdom level. But they need to go beyond that now, to ensure the efficient delivery of basic services such as health and sanitation, education, water and electricity supplies to people in local communities.
This is one of the conclusions that necessitated the UK Aid funded SABI project, which seeks to strengthen community-led accountability, increasing awareness of and demand for the delivery of basic services.
Operational in every district in Sierra Leone, the SABI project aims to build relationships between citizens and the state in supporting the effective delivery of essential services, by contributing towards creating a more informed and empowered citizenry which can hold effective and ongoing dialogue with better engaged and more accountable state service providers.
“Paramount Chiefs leadership was assessed as part of the structures targeted by the project to enable the project design activities of engagement,” said Joseph Ayamga, Country Director of SEND Sierra Leone whose organization is one of the implementing partners working in the Eastern Region of the country.
“It was realized that PCs have strengths, but they also have different needs for capacity to make them effective in their work.”
Therefore, on 21st June 2018, a cross-section of Paramount Chiefs, Section Chiefs and Chiefdom Speakers from Kenema, Kono and Kailahun districts met in Kenema city for a two-day capacity building workshop under the auspices of SEND Sierra Leone.
The workshop discussed issues around the roles and responsibilities of Chiefs in development, leadership for community development, resource mobilization and accountability at community level, experience sharing on working with women, and other minor groups, and the Code of Ethics for Chiefs.
(Photo: Paramount Chiefs concede that political interference has been a key challenge to their authority)
The focus of the workshop is to empower traditional leaders for leadership with the knowledge and practical skills for the development of their chiefdoms and to enable them clearly understand their functions and to perform them. It is also to create understanding of good leadership and how it promotes development.
However, during discussions the Paramount Chiefs lamented several challenges affecting their leadership roles and conceded that political influence (or interference) is a big challenge to their authority. They claimed that the central government is more recognized in the chiefdoms than they the Paramount Chiefs.
“Chieftaincy is the bedrock of development in Sierra Leone, but politicians have influenced the local structures and have misinformed our people to depend on NGOs and Government to bring development to their communities. Decentralization is still hanging at the District Councils; it has not reached to the Chiefdoms,” said PC Musa N. Kallon II of Njaluahun Chiefdom, Kailahun District and urged for the SABI project to engage local/section chiefs to be able to initiate development in their communities.
Similarly, PC Alhaji S. C. N. Kono-Bundor II of Gorama-Kono Chiefdom said the workshop has given them the opportunity to re-examine themselves, looking at their strength and weaknesses and the development challenges they are faced with.
“I therefore recommend that we review our Code of Ethics every three years to improve on our roles and responsibilities as PCs, and we must hold regular meetings with the entire body of the National Council of PCs,” said PC Kono-Bundor II, who has been a PC for 33 years now.
On the other hand, PC Alamen Kanneh of Koya Chiefdom, Kenema District, noted that PCs have been rulers instead of leaders owing to their tradition.
He therefore called on his colleagues to move away from that reprehensible tradition and become leaders, so they can harness the skills and resources available in their chiefdoms for development.
“Rulers create fear in the minds of their people, but leaders serve, and they bring everybody on board to develop the community,” said PC Kanneh.
Senior District Officer in the Ministry of Local Government and Rural Development, Moses M. Gbetty, noted that the Codes and Ethics of Paramount Chiefs were merged and designed by the PCs themselves and they should take the lead in developmental processes in their chiefdoms.
“As PCs you should manage your political feelings well, empower your people and provide services for them. You have to step up and exhibit true leadership. You are close to the people and you know their skills. You know your people well. Their skills and challenges. You should have a functional relationship with local councils,” said Gbetty.
He called on the PCs to popularize the Code of Ethics of Paramount Chiefs and let the President of Sierra Leone understand that they should be part of conflict resolution in supporting the implementation of the Local Court Act of 2011 as part of the matters requiring adjudication to the local court, and should include the Chiefdom Police as they are provided for by the Constitution of Sierra Leone.
On the issue of Gender Equality and Social Inclusion (GESI), Program Officer for Governance Allieu Marrah, urged the PCs to ensure total inclusion of everyone in the chiefdom (leaving no one behind) in decision making processes in the chiefdoms through the formation of committees like Chiefdom Committee, Village Development Committee, Facility Management Committee, etc.
In essence, noted Ayamga, we want the PCs to provide answers to the key questions which will help them to become development-oriented leaders of their people.
For example, how do you work to achieve efficient service delivery in your chiefdom in the area of health, education, agriculture, and sanitation?
How do you include people with disability and those who do not have access to resources and other minority groups in decision making process for the development of the chiefdom? How will you work together as Chiefs, share ideas and help one another? What kind of leadership strengths do you have and what are your weaknesses?
During the workshop analogies were drawn from short fabled stories on leadership including ‘The Owl Who Was God', ‘The Tortoise, The Elephant and The Hippopotamus' and the ‘The Ants Colony'. The PCs learnt various lessons from these stories.
“A leader must be a good listener because you don't see or know everything,” said PC Tamba Emmanuel Torcho Foryoh IV of Sowa Chiefdom, Chairman Council of Paramount Chiefs in Kono district. “You must beware of praise singers because they most times mislead you. You must listen carefully, consult, find out, analyse, investigate and act.
“You must be inclusive. No matter how strong you are as a leader, you have your weaknesses and you cannot do it alone. Don't underestimate the intelligence of your people, even the smallest member in your community matters.”
Furthermore, the PCs learnt that as a leader you should be able to identify the resources (human and natural) in your chiefdom that you can use.
“Development is a public good, not a private good. When it's private, it benefits only a certain people. We want them to understand that leadership goes with responsibility. That is what the SABI project is all about. It is about empowering yourself and your people to work together for the development of your chiefdom,” said Ayamga.
SABI project is a four-year citizen-led accountability programme funded by UK aid and being delivered by a consortium led by international development agency Christian Aid.
About the author
Ahmed Sahid Nasralla (De Monk) is General Secretary of the Sierra Leone Association of Journalists (SLAJ).
Share this: Tumblr
Email
Print
Google
Reddit
LinkedIn
Twitter
WhatsApp
More
Pinterest
Facebook
Subscribe to read: Financial Times
Toshiba shares plummet on new fears over future of business
By Reporter staff
BAKERSFIELD – Cole Paquette, 14, passed away Tuesday, Sept. 26, 2017 surrounded by his parents, siblings and grandparents, after a courageous battle with cancer at the University of Vermont Medical Center in Burlington.
He was born April 17, 2003 in St. Albans to Craig Paquette and Jennifer Morse.
Cole graduated from Bakersfield Middle School last year, and he was just starting his freshman year at Enosburg Falls High School. He was a sports fanatic who loved playing and watching everything. He also enjoyed hanging out and playing video games with his friends. Cole was stubborn and sarcastic at times, but both traits served him well with his recent battle. Cole was a fighter. He fought every single day for the past year, and he inspired so many of us along the way. He became the star of #TEAMCRP, and his determination will always be remembered. Cole will also be remembered as the best big brother ever and for his quick wit.
He is survived by his parents, Craig Paquette of Bakersfield and Jennifer Morse of Essex Jct.; by his sister and brother, Olyvia and Ethan Paquette; by his paternal grandparents, Clement and Charmaine Paquette of Bakersfield; by his maternal grandparents, John and Karen Morse of Worcester; by aunts and uncles Chad and Erin Paquette, Carrie Paquette, Christopher Morse and Patrick Morse; by cousins Xander, Anya, Wesley, Charlie, Henry, Elizabeth and Emily and by many special great aunts and uncles, cousins and friends. Cole was predeceased by his great-grandparents, John and Alice Paquette, Roland and Wilma Forand, Allan and Dorothy Works and Janet Morse.
Cole's family asks that anyone attending his service to wear attire from his favorite sports teams, the New England Patriots, Boston Red Sox, Boston Bruins or Los Angeles Lakers or wear casual attire. Cole hated to dress up!
Visitation was held Saturday, Sept. 30 at Spears Funeral Home, 96 Dickinson Ave., Enosburg Falls.
A memorial service was held Sunday, Oct. 1 at Bakersfield Elementary School, 82 Academy Dr., Bakersfield. Interment followed in St. George's Cemetery in Bakersfield.
For those who wish, contributions in Cole's memory may be made to Make-A-Wish Vermont, 431 Pine St., Suite 214, Burlington, VT 05401 or to the University of Vermont Children's Hospital, 111 Colchester Ave., Burlington, VT 05401.
Condolences, photos and favorite memories may be shared through www.spearsfuneralhome.com.
Sushant Singh Rajput has opted out of "Chanda MamaDoor Ke" due to date conflicts but plans to develop his own space movie, according to a release. The 32-year-old actor, who was recently in news for buying land on the Moon, plans to make what he claims would be India's first space film, to be developed via Innsaei Ventures Pvt Ltd, a company a co-founded by Rajput and entrepreneur Varun Mathur.
"Sushant's passion for the Moon and space is second to none in this sphere. He has unparalleled interest to learn more about the universe, and to delve into anything that might help him understand this phenomenon further. However, since there was a lot of up and down in this film, Sushant will not be able to give his dates to this project (Chanda Mama...) since he has his hands full with many projects.
"Having said that, it does not mean we won't be making a space film. Innsaei Ventures is quite keen on making a space film and Sushant will be working on this very soon. I extend my very best wishes to Mr Sanjay Puran Singh (the director of Chanda Mama...) and Mr Viki Rajani for this film. I hope it brings them great success," Mathur said in a statement.
The actor is currently working on Abhishek Chaubey's dacoit drama Son Chiriya, in which he will be seen sharing screen space with Bhumi Pednekar. He has also wrapped up the shoot of Kedarnath, which marks the debut of Saif Ali Khan's daughter, Sara Ali Khan. Apart from Son Chiriya & Kedarnath, he will also be seen in upcoming films, Drive and the remake of 'Fault In Our Stars'.
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Share Article Facebook
Twitter
Email You are free to share this article under the Attribution 4.0 International license. Follow Futurity RSS
Twitter
Facebook
Newsletter
A new theory of how oceans on Mars came and went over the last 4 billion years suggests they formed several hundred million years earlier and were not as deep as once thought.
The proposal links the existence of oceans early in Mars' history to the rise of the solar system's largest volcanic system, Tharsis, and highlights global warming's key role in allowing liquid water to exist on the red planet.
“Volcanoes may be important in creating the conditions for Mars to be wet,” says Michael Manga, professor of earth and planetary science at the University of California, Berkeley, and senior author of a paper in Nature.
Theories claiming that Mars never had oceans of liquid water often point to the fact that estimates of the size of the oceans don't jibe with estimates of how much water could be hidden today as permafrost underground and how much could have escaped into space. These are the main options, given that the polar ice caps don't contain enough water to fill an ocean.
The new model proposes that the oceans formed before or at the same time as Mars' largest volcanic feature, Tharsis, instead of after the volcanic system formed 3.7 billion years ago.
Because Tharsis was smaller at that time, it didn't distort the planet as much as it did later, in particular the plains that cover most of the northern hemisphere and are the presumed ancient seabed.
The absence of crustal deformation from Tharsis means the seas would have been shallower, holding about half the water of earlier estimates.
“The assumption was that Tharsis formed quickly and early, rather than gradually, and that the oceans came later,” Manga says. “We're saying that the oceans predate and accompany the lava outpourings that made Tharsis.”
It's likely that Tharsis spewed gases into the atmosphere that created a global warming or greenhouse effect that allowed liquid water to exist on the planet, and also that volcanic eruptions created channels that allowed underground water to reach the surface and fill the northern plains.
Follow the shorelines
The model also counters another argument against oceans: that the proposed shorelines are irregular, varying in height by as much as a kilometer, when they should be level, like shorelines on Earth.
This irregularity could be explained if the first ocean, called Arabia, started forming about 4 billion years ago and existed, if intermittently, during as much as the first 20 percent of Tharsis's growth. The growing volcano would have depressed the land and deformed the shoreline over time, which could explain the irregular heights of the Arabia shoreline.
Similarly, the irregular shoreline of a subsequent ocean, called Deuteronilus, could be explained if it formed during the last 17 percent of Tharsis's growth, about 3.6 billion years ago.
“These shorelines could have been emplaced by a large body of liquid water that existed before and during the emplacement of Tharsis, instead of afterwards,” says first author Robert Citron, a UC Berkeley graduate student. Citron will present a paper about the new analysis at the annual Lunar and Planetary Science conference in Texas.
Tharsis, now a 5,000-kilometer-wide eruptive complex, contains some of the biggest volcanoes in the solar system and dominates the topography of Mars. Earth, twice the diameter and 10 times more massive than Mars, has no equivalent dominating feature. Tharsis's bulk creates a bulge on the opposite side of the planet and a depression halfway between. This explains why estimates of the volume of water the northern plains could hold based on today's topography are twice what the new study estimates based on the topography 4 billion years ago.
Can the hypothesis hold up?
Manga, who models the internal heat flow of Mars, such as the rising plumes of molten rock that erupt into volcanoes at the surface, tried to explain the irregular shorelines of the plains of Mars 11 years ago with another theory. He and former graduate student Taylor Perron suggested that Tharsis, which was then thought to have originated at far northern latitudes, was so massive that it caused the spin axis of Mars to move several thousand miles south, throwing off the shorelines.
Since then, however, others have shown that Tharsis originated only about 20 degrees above the equator, nixing that theory. But Manga and Citron came up with another idea, that the shorelines could have been etched as Tharsis was growing, not afterward. The new theory also can account for the cutting of valley networks by flowing water at around the same time.
“This is a hypothesis,” Manga emphasizes. “But scientists can do more precise dating of Tharsis and the shorelines to see if it holds up.”
NASA's next Mars lander, the InSight mission (Interior Exploration using Seismic Investigations, Geodesy and Heat Transport), could help answer the question. Scheduled for launch in May, it will place a seismometer on the surface to probe the interior and perhaps find frozen remnants of that ancient ocean, or even liquid water.
The National Science Foundation supported the work.
Source: UC Berkeley
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
LOS ANGELES (AP) — Shonda Rhimes, the creator of popular television series such as “Scandal” and “Grey's Anatomy,” has signed a deal to make new shows for Netflix.
The streaming service announced late Sunday that Rhimes' Shondaland production company is moving to Netflix. Netflix wrote in a news release that Rhimes' shows “Grey's Anatomy,” ”Scandal” and “How to Get Away With Murder” would continue to air on ABC.
Rhimes wrote in a statement that she was grateful to the network for giving her career a start, but she was looking forward to expanding her audience and “creative identity” with Netflix. “Starting today, we are thrilled to begin creating new Shondaland stories with Netflix,” she wrote.
She wrote that she and Netflix Chief Content Officer Ted Sarandos had developed a plan for the next phase of Rhimes' career. She said Netflix offered her and her team “limitless possibilities.”
“I've gotten the chance to know Shonda and she's a true Netflixer at heart — she loves TV and films, she cares passionately about her work, and she delivers for her audience,” Sarandos wrote.
No financial terms of the deal were disclosed. The news release also didn't state how long Rhimes and her company would produce series for Netflix.
Rhimes, 47, has been nominated for three Emmy Awards, all for her work on her “Grey's Anatomy.” The long-running series begins its 14th season next month.
Email Address: Password:
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here.
Forgot your password?
Friday, Vestal Police Department (VPD) officials announced the arrests of Shane P. Karika, 34, of Castle Creek, and Paul R. Huss, 47, of Endicott, in connection to a burglary that occurred on September 17.
Last month, police said they responded to a burglary complaint at a business on Commerce Road, Vestal, where it was discovered that several items of equipment and one vehicle had been stolen.
Investigators were able to locate the vehicle yesterday in the Town of Fenton. As a result, investigators identified Karika and Huss as the suspects.
According to the VPD, investigators were able to identify multiple stolen items, including a large quantity of U.S. Military Veteran grave markers. Police believe the Veteran markers were also stolen, but it is not certain at this time.
If you have any information on these stolen grave markers contact the Detective Division at (607) 754-2477.
The 2017 all-star season began this week with boys' teams traveling to Crowley and girls' teams remaining in Rayne for a local tournament.
The Rayne Hotshots Girl's Pinto Allstars were 7-0 over the weekend claiming the top finish in the Rayne Recreational Invitational. They claimed wins over Kaplan Voodoo 11-6, North Vermilion 18-7, Red Hots 16-8, Scott 15-4, Youngsville 20-14, Mamou 16-8, and Villeplatte in the finals 20-17.
The Girl's Mustang Allstars also participated in the Rayne Rec tournament but did not place.
Crowley diamond action over the weekend saw the Crowley Rec Department host boys teams with four Rayne teams in attendance.
The Pinto Americans went 4-0 in round-robin play during the weekend outscoring their opponents 108-20 with wins over North Vermilion, Youngsville, Church Point and Crowley Nationals.
The Mustang Americans also posted a 4-0 tally during weekend play claiming wins over Crowley Americans 16-1, Crowley Nationals 11-4, Eunice 13-4 and Youngsville 20-1.
The Mustang Nationals also played four games during the Crowley warm-up tournament but fell short.
The Bullfrogs consisting of allstar players of the bronco league in Rayne also attended the Crowley Tournament where they won all of their weekend contests during round-robin action. The Bullfrogs also captured a first place finish last weekend during a tournament held in Scott. They will enter this weekend's Rayne Tournament undefeated.
Rayne girls' teams will travel to Crowley this weekend, while the Rayne Recreation Department will host over 50 boys teams at Gossen Park in Rayne.
All coaches are reminded to submit team pictures and info on a weekly basis to The Rayne Acadian-Tribune for publication, in addition to tournament results and schedules to raynenewslife@cox-internet.com.
3:04 3 challenges to prosecuting hate crimes at the federal level Pause
2:34 Prosecuting hate crimes in Idaho
2:05 Hate crimes carry 'different harm' than other crimes
1:54 Behind the scenes at the Velma Morrison auction in 2014
1:48 Treasure Magazine : Valentine's Day with City Peanut Shop
0:05 "Snow Moon" creates optical illusion at Idaho's Shoshone Falls
4:19 Williamson Orchards & Vineyards in Caldwell, Idaho
0:51 The day Idaho's Teton Dam broke
2:50 Peek inside Velma Morrison's Boise home, hear the YMCA's plans
A south Fort Myers mother claims a man tried to lure her four-year-old son into his SUV.
The entire incident was caught on a surveillance camera.
It happened Sunday morning just before 10 a.m. At the time, the boy was walking to a friend's home on El Valle Avenue, a few blocks east of McGregor Boulevard.
A neighbor, who happens to be a former deputy, later checked his home's surveillance cameras, which showed a white-colored SUV driving down the road around 9:50 a.m.
Seconds later, the same car backs up and stops near an old door frame that had been ditched on the side of the road.
The young boy, curious about the strange driver, can be seen walking up to the car. The driver eventually got out.
But just a few moments later, the boy quickly darts away.
"I said, 'what happened?'" said James Didio, whose surveillance cameras captured the incident.
Didio spoke to the young boy and his mother just moments later.
"He said, 'That man asked me to come home with him.'"
When the same car returned to the street several hours later, neighbors quickly stopped it.
Deputies arrested the driver, 30-year-old Marcus Summ, on loitering charges.
Neighbors told investigators they were positive Summ was the same man seen approaching the boy earlier in the day.
"This guy could've been here actually trying to do something harmful," Didio said. "whether it was stealing something, or possibly even grabbing a child."
As of Monday night, Summ is still in the Lee County Jail.
ROUYN NORANDA, Que. — A barber from western Quebec is drawing widespread praise for going out of his way to accommodate a young client with autism.
A photo posted online last week shows Francis "Franz" Jacob lying on the floor of his Rouyn-Noranda shop as he gives a young boy named Wyatt a haircut.
The 45-year-old says he's stunned by all the attention he's gotten after the photo was widely shared on social media sites.
Jacob says Wyatt doesn't usually sit still for haircuts so he bought a pair of wireless clippers in order to follow him around.
He says he has a few other clients with autism or other special needs and always finds a way to adapt to their needs.
Rouyn-Noranda is about 600 kilometres northwest of Montreal.
The Canadian Press
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
He keeps it in his wallet in a coin holder with a small cellophane circle. It's an Indian head penny, in great condition, dated 1897. “This is the first penny I ever earned. When I showed it to my father, he told me that he was born in 1897, so that made the penny even more special, so I kept it safe from that day on,” said Tom Shire, a Marion resident.
Growing up in Dorchester in the era of the horse and wagon, Shire followed his brothers and walked behind horses around the neighborhood, hoping for some droppings. He carried a ‘coal hoard' and a two foot long coal shovel. He was five years old.
“I sold my first pail of horse manure to my elderly neighbor, Mrs. Parker. The penny was for bringing the manure and also for spreading it all around her flowers and vegetable garden,” said Shire.
“I lived during that transition period between horses and wagons and the automobile and truck era. There were plenty of peddlers with a horse and wagon including ragmen, fruit delivery men, and others selling or delivering all sorts of goods,” said Shire. When the shovel wasn't being used to gather manure, it was used in the cellar to feed coal into the furnace. According to Shire, the end of the shovel could hold a half dozen pieces of coal which could easily be thrust into the furnace because the handle was about two feet long.
Shire has a history in show business and owned several theaters, including the Zeiterion, during his career. “Kirk Douglas's autobiography is titled, The Ragman's Son,” said Shire.
He collects vintage movie memorabilia and enjoys speaking to groups about his time in the business and movie trivia. Mr. Shire reopened the Zeiterion in 1975, then known as the State Theatre and focused on showing current and classic films. Mr. Shire also brought live acts to the stage, including a circus and a Mexican Folkloric Ballet Troupe and others.
A movie buff, Mr. Shire has an interesting collection including posters, autographed celebrity photographs, marquee signs, books, ticket stubs, stationary and many framed photographs of his favorite stars. Some of his favorites include Greta Garbo, Jimmy Durante, Lionel Barrymore, Charlie Chaplin, Gregory Peck and Tyrone Power, Ingrid Bergman and Myrna Loy.
Mr. Shire said that he fell in love with the grandeur of the old theater buildings while growing up. “Half the fun was being inside a beautifully designed theater with all the elaborate details on the walls and ceilings,” he said. Mr. Shire said that his mother didn't see the attraction of going to the theater saying she couldn't see, ‘paying good money to sit in a dark place next to a stranger.” Mr. Shire said his mother resisted when he got a job as an usher and had to work Sundays, but she finally conceded to her son's love of the business.
Shire says his penny brings him happiness and is a reminder of the times when he was growing up. “My parents were immigrants and would often say, ‘here in America, we have everything, and it is our duty to help others and give back'.
Another memory Shire shared was running some errands for two Scottish sisters who lived on his street. “I knew they didn't have much, so I was aware of that and they asked me if I wanted a cup of tea, a piece of candy or a nickel for my work. I looked at the table and could see that they couldn't spare the nickel and that they certainly liked the candy, so I said I would be happy to stay for a cup of tea.” Shire said it was his first cup of tea ever and to this day he is an avid tea drinker. “My parents taught me to always be on the lookout for ways to help other people, and it's become a lifelong habit,” said Shire.
Shire is active around Marion and recently served on the Marion School Committee and volunteers to help out in the cafeteria at Sippican Elementary School during lunch period. “I've shown my penny to several teachers and students and I tell the students to not waste food and to be thankful for all they have,” said Shire.
By Joan Hartnett-Barry
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.
FRANKLIN — A man was unhurt when his pickup truck crashed on the Eastbrook Road Friday night, though the crash knocked out power in the area for a time.
The crash occurred shortly before 8 p.m. The pickup truck was the only vehicle involved in the crash, and it had to be towed from the scene.
Firefighters responded to the scene, as did a crew from Emera Maine. The utility company sent a cherry-picker truck to repair the damage to the power lines.
The man's name was not immediately available.
Premium features include the agenda-setting Lex column, EM Squared, Martin Sandbu's Free Lunch, Newsmine blog, daily FT ePaper and exclusive weekly emails designed to enhance your FT experience.
What do you get in your Premium Subscription package?
Lex Column - The FT's daily guide to the corporate and financial stories that matter. Since the 1930's Lex has been providing concise, readable and timely commentary on companies, markets and the theory behind investing. From tech valuations to the pros and cons of share buybacks, via the banking crisis and emerging markets, Our specialists in London, New York and Hong Kong give you the tools to make better investment decisions.
Editor's Choice - An exclusive weekly newsletter with insights from Lionel Barber, the Financial Times' lauded editor.
FT Newsmine Blog - A weekly email that abstracts essential macroeconomic data for you from the week's news stories.
Free lunch - Martin Sandbu's Free Lunch - A succinct daily take on global economics from columnist Martin Sandbu who selects and comments on the day's biggest topics.
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Binghamton firefighters are collecting pocket change for Muscular Dystrophy. The department's annual Fill The Boot Drive took place on Friday in the city's downtown.
Over the years, the drive has raised over $37,000 for the Muscular Dystrophy Association. The money goes towards treatments, research, care centers, and summer camps for kids dealing with muscular disorders.
The firefighters will be out collecting donations from 8am to 5pm on Friday at the corner of State and Hawley Streets.
DJ David Mueller speaks during the alleged groping trial with Taylor Swift on August 8, 2017 at the Denver Federal Court in Denver, Colorado. Jeff Kandyba
Swift then countersued, saying in her lawsuit that raising the issue of sexual assault “will serve as an example to other women who may resist publicly reliving similar outrageous and humiliating acts.”
During his trial testimony, Mueller denied having touched Swift inappropriately and said the false allegation cost him his career.
“It's a humiliating experience to be accused of something that despicable,” he said.
When Swift took the stand, she testified that Mueller put his hand under her skirt and “latched onto my bare ass cheek,” causing her to lurch away from him.
A photograph of the incident, shown repeatedly during the trial, depicts Swift flanked by Mueller and his then-girlfriend Shannon Melcher. Mueller's right hand is concealed behind Swift's backside, and she appears to be leaning away.
Melcher testified that she did not see anything untoward during the encounter, but added, “I don't have eyes in the back of my head.”
Swift is asking for a symbolic $1 in damages, but that does not limit what the eight-member jury could award her should she prevail.
“For this reason, any recovery obtained by Ms. Swift will be donated to charitable organizations dedicated to protecting women from similar acts of sexual assault and personal disregard,” the countersuit said.
If Mueller prevails on his claim against Andrea Swift and Bell, any damages would be limited to his two-year contract with the radio station, the judge has ruled.
Vote For Minnesota's Best Hard Cider The air's getting crisp, every store has some form of pumpkin spice in stock, and fall is sweeping into Minnesota!
Guide To 2017 Labor Day Weekend Events In MinnesotaSporting and cultural events will mark the transition from summer to fall during the Labor Day weekend. Minnesota will feature some of the best entertainment productions. While baseball features prominently on many Labor Day weekend schedules, for other activities a weekend guide can be useful.
The second Monday in October is Alaska's first official Indigenous Peoples' Day, once celebrated as Columbus Day. The Bethel Cultural Center will be celebrating the first peoples of the YK Delta at 6 p.m. on Monday, October 9. The Kuskokwim Campus, along with all University of Alaska Fairbanks rural campuses, have planned a day packed with activities.
KuC Director Mary Pete says that the public portion of events will start at 6 p.m.
“With a welcome and blessing by AVCP President Vivian Korthuis and John McIntyre, who is a renowned artist and drummer,” said Pete.
Bethel Regional High School and other Lower Kuskokwim School District athletes are also planning Native Youth Olympic demonstrations.
“The KuC Yuyruk class, the Yup'ik dance class, is going to perform as well as a group of Chevak students. We have quite a number of Chevak students here this year,” said Pete.
Pete says that they look forward to celebrating the Day annually on campus.
The bill recognizing the second Monday in October as Indigenous Peoples' Day was passed by the Alaska Legislature and signed into law this past June by Governor Bill Walker. Representative Zach Fansler is also looking forward to attending the event, as he was the first co-sponsor of the bill.
Refreshments will be served and the doors will open at 6 p.m. on Monday at the Cultural Center.
Imagination adds safety, resilience to processor for IoT
If your industry requires components to be 'functionally safe,' Imagination has a high-powered processor for you.
Credit: Imagination Technologies
Picture this: The networking stack on the main pump controller has crashed, and you need to reboot it -- but it's 20 meters underground, on another continent -- and there's no-one on site to hit 'reset'.
Or you're bowling along the highway and one of the processor cores in your self-driving car gets zapped by a cosmic ray (yes, this could actually happen). The software can't tell whether the resulting error is a transient glitch or a hardware fault, so limits you to 50 kilometers per hour for safety: No fun with a monster truck hurtling up behind you.
Chip designers such as ARM and Imagination Technologies are applying industrial safety design techniques to their processor cores so that they can get themselves out of situations like this. You could soon feel the benefit even if you don't run a subterranean pumping station in Azerbaijan, nor yet have a self-driving car in your garage.
Functionally safe
We place a lot of faith in the processors in our internet of things, counting on the software they run to perform to spec in all circumstances. But there are problems that no amount of bounds checking, input sanitization or exception handling can fix.
That's why manufacturers in many industries seek to make their products functionally safe -- that is, ensuring that they remain in a safe state and respond as expected, regardless of environment, inputs or hardware failures. There are even standards for how to do so: The generic IEC 61508 has variants for specific industries, including ISO 26262 for automotive manufacturing.
It's one thing building such a system when you're designing or specifying every detail of every component yourself. Relying on an external supplier for complex subsystems -- or your suppliers' supplier in the case of microprocessors designed by one company and built by another -- is something else entirely.
The standards describe how to incorporate such components -- known as safety elements out of context (SEooCs) -- into functionally safe systems, and companies such as ARM and Imagination Technologies are applying them to their processor cores designs.
ARM has offered functionally safe variants of some of its Cortex-R series processor designs for a couple of years now. These are processor cores designed for hard real-time applications, where a response must come within a fixed window of time. The blazing fast cores that you will find in computer vision applications or the latest flagship smartphones, though, are more likely to belong to the Cortex-A line, none of which are available in functionally safe variants.
Imagination has a competing line of low-power core designs based on the MIPS architecture, which have also found their place in computer vision applications -- although sadly for Imagination, not in smartphones.
1 2 Next Page
The Volvo Ocean Race is set up for a fairytale finish, the closest in its history - but the real magic is how we've been able to watch it unfold live
There was a moment during yesterday's live broadcast from the Volvo Ocean Race final day that left the normally loquacious commentator Conrad Colman momentarily lost for words. I gasped watching.
It was the moment the helicopter hovered next to Dongfeng Race Team, but as the camera panned out you could see Turn the Tide on Plastic nose to nose with the red boat. It was a single shot which said so much – about the incredible tension there must have been onboard Dongfeng as they fought desperately to cling to their lead, about the equal fight Turn the Tide were putting up, scrapping for every place.
It captured the two ends of the spectrum of this epic race, the immaculately prepared, hugely experienced, two-race campaign of Dongfeng being challenged hard by the late entry with the mixed experience, gender balanced crew flying their environmental message.
Dongfeng came into this edition of the Volvo Ocean Race as one of the fastest boats with hours of preparation behind them. Turn the Tide on Plastic have been learning every mode, every set-up, every trick and tweak out on the racecourse. As the camera followed the two boats, Turn the Tide actually looked to be a click quicker.
The moment had huge implications for the overall outcome of the race. Dongfeng and Turn the Tide were racing for 4thplace. If Turn the Tide came out on top in the Cardiff to Gothenburg penultimate stage, that would knock Dongfeng down the points and off their overall lead going into the race's final leg. For sporting tension, this was up there with Federer match point down in a Grand Slam final, or Mo Farah turning into the final straight surrounded by Kenyan jerseys. And, uniquely for an offshore race, we could watch it unfolding before our eyes.
There was more; the now constantly live tracker matched with drone and onboard video captured Brunel demonstrating an outrageous turn of boat speed to blast over the top of MAPFRE into the lead – a decisive moment which ultimately lifted Bouwe Bekking's Team Brunel to win Leg 10 – as well as the now customary live coverage of the finish itself, with just boat lengths separating Brunel and MAPFRE as they gybed for the finish.
In the first leg of the Volvo Ocean Race we enjoyed helicopter footage of the fleet blasting past Gibraltar because it was a rare chance to watch this type of offshore yachts racing in full pelt conditions. Just a few weeks later this was emphatically surpassed by drone video shot from the boats deep in the Southern Ocean, giving views of ocean racing competition we've never been privy to before.
This edition of the Volvo has had its problems, and the event has its share of critics, but as the competition reaches its denouement yesterday's live broadcasts definitively proved that offshore racing can be a gripping spectator sport. I've had to wait up for plenty of ocean race finishes (the first rule of offshores being they usually finish in the middle of the night!); this one I couldn't tear myself away from. If you weren't watching, go and take a peek at what you missed at www.volvooceanrace.com
The scene set for the Leg 11 grand finale now couldn't be better scripted. When Team Brunel won into Gothenburg late last night, they took the maximum score plus the leg winner's bonus point, which moved them up to 65 points. As MAPFRE finished in 2nd, they too moved up to 65 points.
Dongfeng held off Turn the Tide for 4th(after AkzoNobel took 3rd), which leaves them on a final total score of 64 points. But there is a bonus point for the team with the shortest elapsed time over the entire Volvo Ocean Race course, which will be awarded to Dongfeng Race Team. That leaves three teams tied on 65 points each, with one leg to go. Whoever wins the 700-miles final stage from Gothenburg into The Hague will win the 2017-18 Volvo Ocean Race.
A victory by any of these three teams would deliver a fairytale finish. Xabi Fernandez's MAPFRE has been the stand-out performer for much of the race, there is a real warmth among the team and they have the most passionate supporters. Dongfeng Race Team want this so badly, a win would be the culmination of so many years of hard graft for this incredibly tight knit squad.
And for Bouwe Bekking a Volvo Ocean Race victory would be the perfect swansong to an incredible career that has now seen him race around the world eight times, finishing in the runner-up spot twice, but he has never held the trophy. Could Brunel end on a home win in The Hague?
Skippers' quotes: “We did a fantastic job as a team and of course the result was better than we could have dreamed,” said Team Brunel skipper Bekking. “We wanted to beat the two red boats but a win to get the bonus point is really nice…
“The pressure was on but we knew we just needed to sail the boat the best we could and not do any crazy things. Very happy how it all ended up.”
MAPFRE skipper Xabi Fernandez: “It was a very good leg for us and a good result as well, but a little bit painful the way it happened.
“We felt we did the hardest part of the leg, up the coast of Scotland, and managed to be in the lead there, but we just couldn't hold Brunel on the tight reaching… They've been improving a lot on the last legs, but it was a surprise to see such a speed difference.”
Dongfeng Race Team skipper Charles Caudrelier: “For the fans it's going to be an exciting last leg. And for us as well. We will give all we have and try for our first leg victory. But really we just have to be ahead of the other two. We can do it!”
Yachting World will be in Gothenburg as the teams prepare for their final Volvo Ocean Race showdown next week.
San Diego police seized 25 pounds of pot, 2000 edibles and concentrated cannabis, as well as $17,000 from a illegal marijuana dispensary in Pacific Beach Wednesday.
San Diego police say the Seeweed Club has been operating as a marijuana dispensary behind the McDonald's, on the 1100 block of Hornblend Street.
Three employees were arrested and cited for operating a business without a license to sell marijuana at about 1 p.m.
On Tuesday, police searched another illegal marijuana dispensary on the 2000 block of University Avenue in North Park.
While searching the place at around 1 p.m., SDPD officers seized 50 pounds of pot, 3000 edibles and concentrated cannabis, eight vials of PCP and $5,000. Four employees were arrested at the scene.
Two of those employees were cited for operating an illegal marijuana dispensary. Police say the owner was booked into jail for illegally selling marijuana and operating a business without a license. A fourth employee was booked into jail for similar charges as well as the felony possession of PCP drugs.
Another illegal marijuana dispensary was shut down in La Mesa recently.
Photos Shooting at GOP Congressional Baseball Practice
In a crackdown, police have closed 60 illegal marijuana dispensaries since March 2016 in San Diego. Police say this has been a joint effort between San Diego police and the City Attorney's Office.
Dozens of property owners and operators have been fined, criminally charged and prosecuted for selling marijuana illegally without a permit, said police.
Police are also cracking down on illegal pot delivery services, marijuana farmers markets, marijuana “tours” and other illegal activity in the City of San Diego.
They warn that anyone involved with these businesses will be arrested and fully prosecuted.
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
INDIANAPOLIS (WISH) – As Indiana lawmakers debate a road funding bill, some took to social media to use Valentine's Day as a selling point.
“Roses are red, grass is green, if you don't support our road plan I think you are mean,” Indianapolis resident Zach Ross recited a tweet from Indiana House Speaker Brian Bosma.
“Roses are red, violets are blue, we have a plan to pay for roads with no new taxes for you,” State Rep. Dan Forestal (D – Indianapolis) recited a tweet from the Indiana House democrats.
“Roses are red, violets are blue, look at HB 1002 with dread, taxes and tolls on you,” Greenwood resident Ted Brown recited a tweet from a group being enoughINtaxes.
“Roses are red, violets are blue, our road plan is data driven because we care about you,” State Rep. Jack Jordan (R – Bremen) recited a tweet from Indiana House republicans.
Those are some of the poems aimed at a road funding bill to generate a billion dollars a year. On Tuesday, the Indiana House debated it for the first time.
If signed into law, the price at the pump would go up, and vehicle fees would be added. A proposal that legislators say deserves attention.
“I think the creative genius of the senators,” Ross said. “I'm glad to see, and the representatives, that they're creativity is alive and well.”
“I mean, it's just, Valentine's Day, holidays are not to advertise for political reasons,” Brown said.
Valentine's Day poems are timely, but not the only road funding campaign. Right now, republicans are asking Hoosiers to take photos of potholes and upload it to social media.
At the same time, gas stations across the state are getting ready to put signs at pumps alerting neighbors about the potential spike. As the road bill makes it way through the state house, don't expect the campaigns to end with Valentine's Day.
“I think we take things way too seriously, and I think it's a great way to interact with the people of Indiana,” State Rep. Jordan said.
“I think we're going to see a lot more campaigning on social media,” State Rep. Forestal said. “It is the new way to reach people.”
The road funding bill is expected to vote on Thursday in the Indiana House. If signed into law, republicans said Hoosiers will spend $60 more a year in gas and fees.
More of the tweets read:
Roses are red, violets are blue, if you support tax hikes, we'll bid you adieu. #inlegisvalentines — Don Bates (@donbatesjr) February 14, 2017
Roses are red
Violets are blue
Look at HB 1002 with dread
Taxes and tolls on you!#inlegisvalentines — enoughINtaxes (@enoughINtaxes) February 13, 2017
Roses are red,
Violets are blue,
We have a plan to pay for roads
with #NoNewTaxes for youhttps://t.co/zJeeiLtUP0#inlegisvalentines — IN House Democrats (@inhsedems) February 13, 2017
Roses are red, grass is green, if you don't support our roads plan I think you are mean #inlegisvalentines — Brian Bosma (@Brian_Bosma) February 13, 2017
Roses are red, violets are blue, tax hikes and spending are no longer taboo #inlegisvalentines — Don Bates (@donbatesjr) February 14, 2017
Roses are red
Violets are blue
Our roads plan is data-driven
Because we care about you#investINroads #inlegisvalentines — Indiana House GOP (@INHouseGOP) February 13, 2017
Roses are red,
Violets are blue,
We can't wait 'til March
To work on House Bill 1002.#inlegisvalentines — INSenateRepublicans (@INSenateGOP) February 13, 2017
Republicans are Red
Democrats are Blue
but don't be misled:
There's one party, not two.#inlegisvalentines #betrayal of #WeThePeople — Jeremy L. Heath (@JeremyLHeath) February 13, 2017
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Google
Email
Print
More
Pinterest
Like this: Like Loading...
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: India takes stock after first phase of cash crunch
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
“It's easy, at a time of rolling scandals and hourly push alerts, to lose sight of how extraordinary this moment is,” CJR Editor and Publisher Kyle Pope writes in the opening pages of our new print issue. The past year has been unlike any the US political world has ever seen. Donald Trump's rise from reality-TV celebrity to reality-TV president challenged and changed journalism in myriad ways. CJR's fall magazine looks at the people, moments, and news organizations Trump's presidency has affected.
From Ivanka to “the dossier” to a moment of reckoning for the political press, the issue tackles some of the biggest personalities and existential questions that have become part of the daily conversation in Washington.
In the days to come, we'll be posting great pieces, including CJR's Pope on his time as editor of The New York Observer under Jared Kushner (which publishes on cjr.org at noon today), McKay Coppins on the threat posed by right-wing media, Collier Meyerson on covering a country where race is everywhere, and many more. So keep checking in as we roll out the new issue, and if you're not already a member, we'd be grateful for your support—$50 gets you a year of access to exclusive content, four issues of the print magazine, and invitations to CJR events.
Below, the first few pieces we've already made available online.
Best press he's ever had : In perhaps my favorite piece in the issue, former New York Daily News gossip columnist Lloyd Grove looks at Trump's complicated and profitable relationship with tabloid journalism.
In perhaps my favorite piece in the issue, former New York Daily News gossip columnist Lloyd Grove looks at Trump's complicated and profitable relationship with tabloid journalism. Trump and the Watergate effect : The Washington Post's Margaret Sullivan wonders whether the work being done by journalists today will inspire the next generation of Woodwards and Bernsteins.
The Washington Post's Margaret Sullivan wonders whether the work being done by journalists today will inspire the next generation of Woodwards and Bernsteins. Can the First Amendment save us? : Columbia University President and First Amendment scholar Lee C. Bollinger writes about battles over press freedom and trust in the Trump era.
Columbia University President and First Amendment scholar Lee C. Bollinger writes about battles over press freedom and trust in the Trump era. When all the news that fits is Trump: Former New York Times Executive Editor Jill Abramson praises the work that journalists have done in the first year of the new presidency, but warns of the pitfalls of the Trump bump.
Other notable stories
Has America ever needed a media watchdog more than now? Help us by joining CJR today
Pete Vernon is a CJR staff writer. Follow him on Twitter @ByPeteVernon.
The college basketball career of former McDonald's All-American Brian Bowen is officially over before it ever began as the South Carolina guard will stay in the 2018 NBA Draft.
According to an official release from the Gamecocks, the NCAA informed the school that Bowen would be ineligible for at least the 2018-19 season based on the alleged benefits the Bowen family received from Louisville. Since Bowen hadn't served a transfer year in residence at South Carolina, he was also potentially facing additional time that he would have to be out as well.
Bowen and his family were tied to the FBI's investigation into college basketball this fall as an Adidas executive is alleged to have been part of a scheme to deliver $100,000 to Bowen's family, according to court documents. Eventually cleared by the FBI on Nov. 2, Bowen was not allowed to play at Louisville.
After leaving Louisville amidst the investigation and enrolling at South Carolina in January, Bowen sat on the bench in the hopes of eventually being able to play for the Gamecocks. But the NCAA never gave the promising 6-foot-6 guard the chance to even begin his college basketball career.
“I am completely devastated by the NCAA's ruling,” Bowen said in the South Carolina release. “All I ever wanted to do was continue my education and play college basketball, however, after learning of the ruling, and discussing it with my family and attorney, I've decided to pursue my professional career. I'm grateful to the University of South Carolina and Frank Martin for believing in me and giving me the opportunity to be a Gamecock.”
This is a really tough break for Bowen, as he was likely never directly at fault for the stuff going on behind the scenes during his recruitment. While the evidence provided in the FBI investigation made it almost impossible for Bowen to be immediately eligible, he would have potentially missed over two years worth of time because of this situation.
For a former top-25 national recruit with a promising future, turning pro is probably the best course of action for Bowen at this point. It's disappointing that we'll never see Bowen play college basketball, but it's likely for the best that he moves on and continues his career away from these investigations.
Reena Bitten By A Dog
Since the injury was severe, the actress was rushed to the hospital. The actress had told an entertainment portal that she has not been shooting since four days and she had said that the injury will take at least month's time to heal.
The Makers Were Compelled To Replace Reena
Now, since the actress is unable to shoot, the makers were compelled to find a replacement. According to TOI report, the actress too, was not happy with her track.
Reena Threw A Fit Over Her Screen Time
A source was quoted by TOI as saying, "Reena would often throw a fit over her screen time. In fact, she had put in her papers last month and was serving notice. Her exit is amicable. It's unfortunate that the dog attack happened, and the production house is taking care of her medical expenses."
The Actress Wasn't Happy With Her Track
Reena agreed that she was not happy with her track. She was quoted by the leading daily as saying, "I had even shared my concern with the makers. My character was becoming a tad unrelatable."
Reena Discussed With The Creative Team
She added, "Can't an artiste, who has worked on several shows, have such disagreements? I discussed it with the creative team and they even assured me that they would work on it."
The Actress Needs At Least Two Weeks To Recover
"However, I was bitten by a dog and needed at least two weeks to recover. It's a deep wound and I have been advised against stepping out in the sun. My family is here to take care of me, as my husband is expected to travel abroad for work."
‘A Lot Of Painful Things Have Happened To Me'
She further added, "A lot of painful things have happened to me and I don't want to delve too much into it. I will speak at the right time." Apparently, Patrali Chattopadhyay has replaced Reena on the show.
Patrali Chattopadhyay Replaces Reena Agarwal
Patrali was last seen on Porus, in which she played a cameo role. The actress confirmed about her entry on Kya Haal Mr Paanchal, but was unaware of what happened to Reena.
Patrali Unaware Of What Happened To Reena
Patrali Chattopadhyay was quoted by the leading daily as saying, "I have no idea about what has happened to Reena. I have been told that she is unwell."
The Milwaukee Brewers are predicted to finish second in the NL Central this season. But thanks to this viral gem, the Brew Crew just hung a pennant in the hearts of baseball fans across the globe.
"The Sandlot" celebrates its 25th anniversary this spring, and in honor of the coming-of-age film, the Brewers recreated the famous scene where Hamilton "Ham" Porter jacks one over the fence, much to the dismay of his teammates.
In case you needed a reminder of the original for comparison:
Save for Stephen Vogt batting from the wrong side of the plate (an issue that plagued Ray Liotta's Joe Jackson in "Field of Dreams"), or that said characters are grown-ass men, it's pretty damn impressive. For the record, "Rookie of the Year" is also celebrating its 25th anniversary this summer, although we don't recommend any players breaking their arm in pursuit of a 99-mph heater.
WATCH: LOOP VIDEOS
Subscribe to read: Financial Times
Apple executive plays down using cash to create US jobs
RALEIGH, N.C. (AP) — Lawsuits filed over a medical helicopter crash that killed four in North Carolina are alleging negligence and pointing to a warning issued by federal aviation safety officials.
The two lawsuits were filed Monday in Durham County, the destination of the Duke Life Flight helicopter carrying patient Mary Bartlett from an Elizabeth City hospital. The crash 12 minutes after takeoff killed Bartlett, nurse Kris Harrison, another nurse and the pilot. The families of Barlett and Harrison sued.
The lawsuits point to a Federal Aviation Administration bulletin last month that the crash may be the second this year for that type of helicopter.
A National Transportation Safety Board preliminary report days after the Sept. 8 crash said witnesses saw dark smoke streaming from the helicopter before it crashed in a field.
Ireland police scandal throws prime minister Enda Kenny into crisis
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
After multiple public statements from the White House, there are still numerous unanswered questions surrounding Michael Flynn's Monday-night resignation from his position as national security adviser.
Flynn is under fire for a discussion he had with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak on the day that the U.S. announced sanctions for cyber hacking that took place during the U.S. election.
White House press secretary Sean Spicer characterized the resignation as being about "eroding trust" between President Trump and Flynn, rather than a legal issue, and he said it was Trump's decision to have Flynn step down. House Speaker Paul Ryan also said the resignation was Trump's call. Those accounts contradict earlier remarks from White House adviser Kellyanne Conway, who said the move was Flynn's.
Here are six the questions we still have about the events:
1. What exactly did Flynn say about U.S. sanctions in his call with Kislyak?
Spicer maintained Tuesday that Flynn being asked to step down was about "trust" and that there was "nothing wrong or inappropriate" about Flynn's call with the ambassador. There is a transcript of the call produced by the intelligence community, NPR has confirmed. It shows there was discussion about the sanctions. "Still, current and former administration officials familiar with the call said the transcript was ambiguous enough that Mr. Trump could have justified either firing or retaining Mr. Flynn," the New York Times reported.
Flynn briefed Vice President Pence before Pence made a round of TV appearances Jan. 15 in which he denied Flynn discussed the sanctions in the call. White House press secretary Sean Spicer said on Jan. 13 that Flynn told him the call was to convey Christmas greetings, condolences for a plane crash that killed members of a Russian Military choir, Russian talks about the war in Syria and logistics for a post-inauguration call between Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin.
In his resignation letter, Flynn apologized for giving the vice president and others "incomplete information regarding my phone calls with the Russian Ambassador."
2. Did Flynn's conversation influence Russia's decision not to retaliate with sanctions of its own?
The Obama administration announced sanctions on Dec. 29 in response to findings that Russia used cyberattacks during the presidential campaign in an effort to assist Trump. The administration expected Russia to retaliate, but it never did. At the time, Trump tweeted glowingly about Putin's decision not to react.
3. Why wait until now to ask for a resignation?
NPR's Carrie Johnson reports that the White House knew Flynn's public statements didn't match what occurred.
Johnson reports that former acting Attorney General Sally Yates, since fired over her stance to not enforce Trump's travel ban, told White House Counsel Donald McGahn about the call's actual contents. Spicer said Tuesday that the Justice Department notified White House counsel on Jan. 26 and that the president was notified immediately.
Spicer said that the White House has been "reviewing and evaluating this issue on a daily basis" for a few weeks and that Flynn has been questioned on multiple occasions.
As the Washington Post notes, though, on Friday Trump gave reporters the impression that he "was not familiar with a Washington Post report that revealed that Flynn had not told the truth about the calls."
4. Who was behind the initial leak?
Who was the first person to share that Flynn had spoken to the Russian ambassador? Trump himself asked Tuesday morning in a tweet, "Why are there so many illegal leaks coming out of Washington?" Spicer echoed concerns about the leak in his briefing.
The Washington Post's Callum Borchers has three theories on "why the Trump White House keeps leaking":
They can't help but gossip,
It's all distraction, getting media to pay attention to "who has power, rather than what the people in power are actually doing," or
Bait for negative coverage so that it can continue to "cast the media as a political opponent."
But it's also possible, if not likely, that the leaks on this issue came from the intelligence community or Justice Department. That could mean that there are people in the government and national-security infrastructure who had genuine concerns about Flynn and how Trump's White House is being run.
House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes, R-Calif., blasted the leaks in a hallway interview on Tuesday, NPR's Susan Davis reports.
"Here's what I know: Gen. Flynn did not break the law talking to the Russia ambassador, in fact that's his job," Nunes said. "Who did break the law is whoever recorded this, unmasked it and leaked it, that is clearly multiple violations."
5. Who will replace Flynn?
Spicer said in a briefing Tuesday afternoon the president is "currently evaluating a group of strong candidates."
Three are thought to be the leading contenders:
Ret. Lt. Gen. Joseph Kellogg , the acting national security adviser, named with Flynn's resignation;
, the acting national security adviser, named with Flynn's resignation; Ret. Vice Adm. Robert Harward , the former deputy director of CENTCOM during the Obama administration. He's a former Navy SEAL who grew up in Iran; and
, the former deputy director of CENTCOM during the Obama administration. He's a former Navy SEAL who grew up in Iran; and Ret. Gen. David Petraeus, the former CIA director in the Obama administration who was sentenced to two years probation and had to pay a $100,000 fine for sharing classified information with a woman he was having an affair with. His probation expires in April.
Also in the running is John Kelly, who was recently confirmed as Trump's homeland security secretary, NPR's Tom Bowman reports.
But, Bowman reports, the smart money is on Harward for now.
6. Will Trump continue to speak with Flynn anyway?
Trump is known to pick up his cell phone. And Flynn is someone who was one of Trump's closest and most trusted national-security advisers during the campaign.
Flynn surely has that number. And there's some precedent for it. Trump has continued communication with other former aides and adviser, including Corey Lewandowski, who was was fired as Trump's campaign manager in June.
Americans are expected to spend more than $15 billion on Super Bowl parties this year according to the National Retail Federation. Of course, a big chunk of that will go towards food. Wegmans in Johnson City says the Super Bowl is second only to Thanksgiving as their busiest time.
"We're expecting a big push," says Wegmans Service Area Supervisor Rusty Dewing.
They've prepared for the shoppers with temporary displays of game-day essentials like chips and beer as well as bringing on a full staff for Saturday and Sunday.
"We'll have over 400 employees here on Saturday specifically," says Dewing.
Lots of registers open at @Wegmans in Johnson City... This weekend there will be more than 400 employees on the clock to help out Super Bowl shoppers. pic.twitter.com/QJMVjQfrQw — Amy Hogan (@AmyHoganTV) February 2, 2018
There will be more checkout lines open and employees are busy preparing party platters for shoppers like Binghamton University students Brad Chatterton and Dave Alcana who are looking for no-assembly-required dishes.
"We can't really cook that well, so frozen foods, all those chicken nuggets," says Alcana.
Bestsellers for the store include chips, dip, pizza, and wings. In fact, the store has the wings department covered with their Monster Wing Bar exclusively on Sunday.
"12 different varieties of wings to choose from and you can mix and match," says Dewing.
As the clock counts down, things will only get more hectic for stores like Wegmans, who predict Saturday will be the busiest day.
Wegmans is also collecting donations to replenish the Southern Tier Food Bank from now through March.
GE has lined up the Offshore Renewable Energy Catapult on a five-year deal to test the Haliade-X 12MW offshore turbine in the UK.
The manufacturer said the machine will undergo advanced test and demonstration programmes on cooling technologies, converters, loading, grid and design validation.
Catapult will carry out the work at its 15MW power-train test facility in Blyth, north-east England.
The GE Haliade 150-6MW will also be part of the R&D programme.
GE offshore chief executive John Lavelle said the deal will allow the company to “prove” the 12MW turbine in a “faster way”.
“Traditional testing methods rely on local wind conditions and therefore have limited repeatability for testing,” he said.
“By using ORE Catapult's facilities and expertise, we will be in a better position to adapt our technology in a shortened time, reduce unplanned maintenance, increase availability and power output, while introducing new features to meet customers' demands.”
The agreement also includes a £6m investment with Innovate UK and the European Regional Development Fund to install a GE-supplied grid emulation system in Blyth.
Offshore Wind Industry Council co-chair and Orsted UK country manager Benj Sykes said: “This is exactly the sort of collaboration that will ensure the UK continues to build on its global leadership in offshore wind energy.
“This five-year research and development partnership will not only advance new technologies but also empower the UK supply chain including smaller SMEs to innovate and grow.”
RenewableUK executive director Emma Pinchbeck said: “Today's agreement is another vote of confidence in the UK as the home of ground-breaking offshore wind technology and in the Offshore Renewable Energy Catapult as a global test centre.”
Image: GE
When Debevoise & Plimpton lawyers held a seminar in Moscow to explain the impact of new U.S. sanctions legislation, they had to rent out a hall in a hotel to hold all the worried clients who signed up.
A big reason for the interest is a provision in the law that gives President Donald Trump's executive branch until February to identify “oligarchs” close to Vladimir Putin who can be slapped with visa bans and asset freezes as further punishment for Kremlin election meddling.
With the Treasury Department, which is leading the effort, giving little indication of how the list is being compiled, Russia's billionaire class is in the throes of a kind of helpless anxiety. One of the country's richest men said it would be stupid to try to lobby against inclusion in Washington because that would only put a bigger target on his back.
Being classified an oligarch by the U.S. won't automatically trigger the kind of penalties that have already been imposed on dozens of Russian insiders and state companies over both the election issue and Ukraine. But the threat alone is enough to damage the commercial prospects of an almost unlimited number of Russians, according to Alan Kartashkin, a Debevoise partner in Moscow.
“It could be an endless list,” Kartashkin said. “If you're a Russian oligarch, you don't want to be on it,” he added.
Several billionaires with varying degrees of political clout said they're alarmed by the possibility of being singled out and are peppering their U.S. lawyers and lobbyists with queries about what they can do if they are. The answer: nothing.
An executive at a major U.S. law firm said that all of his major Russian clients are worried about the blacklist and that he fears he'll be forced to stop representing any who are included. Even some non-billionaires who are no longer close to the Kremlin say they're feeling the squeeze.
The U.S. law, which Trump grudgingly signed on Aug. 2 after it passed Congress with a veto-proof margin, instructs the Treasury, together with the State Department and intelligence agencies, to identify officials and oligarchs as determined by “their closeness to the Russian regime and their net worth.” The report, due within 180 days of the law's signing, must include “indices of corruption with respect to those individuals” and any foreign assets they may have.
The legislation also allows Congress to block Trump from rolling back penalties on Russia and raises the possibility of barring purchases of sovereign Russian debt by U.S. investors. Such a bond ban could deal a major blow to Russia's finances and make it all but impossible for Trump to achieve his goal of improving America's relations with its Cold War foe.
Despite high hopes in the Kremlin that Trump's surprise victory would bring warmer ties, tensions have only deepened as multiple investigations into possible collusion between the U.S. leader's campaign and Russia wind their way through Washington.
Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev, a Putin lieutenant for two decades, has called the state of the relationship “disgusting.” And that was before former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn pleaded guilty to lying to investigators about his discussions of sanctions and other issues with the Russian ambassador before Trump took office.
While the U.S. may be succeeding in making life difficult for some of Putin's closest allies, that's not turning into pressure on him to change course, according to Olga Kryshtanovskaya, a sociologist who studies the ruling elite at the Russian Academy of Sciences.
“You can't be here and have a conflict with him,” Kryshtanovskaya said. “So if the West thinks they can topple Putin with this, they won't.”
Among business tycoons, concern about the new sanctions list is showing up only as timid reluctance among some to be seen prominently at Kremlin events, said one, insisting on anonymity.
Compounding the anxiety in Moscow is the bipartisanship Congress is showing over the sanctions issue. In October, after legislators complained the Trump administration was dragging its feet on listing Russian defence and intelligence companies to be targeted, the Treasury Department added more names than many observers expected.
“People thought the list would be very small but it was much broader,” said Adam M. Smith, a former top Treasury sanctions official who now works for the law firm Gibson Dunn. With the oligarch list, “you could imagine a situation where it's much broader as well,” he said.
Ben Cardin, the top Democrat on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, said he and other senators including Republican John McCain intend to hold Trump's feet to the fire on the meddling issue.
“We want the list,” Cardin said. “We're monitoring very closely the administration's compliance with the bill we passed.”
Congress's resolve is clearly sowing fear in Russia, proving that sanctions can be a powerful tool, according to Daniel Fried, a top State Department official under the Obama administration who's now a fellow at the Atlantic Council.
The goal is to “freeze them out of the U.S. system, freeze them out of the dollar and pretty much make them radioactive,” Fried said.
More than £250,000 of taxpayers' money has been spent on maintaining CCTV cameras in Dundee over the last four years, the Tele can reveal.
In the last financial year alone, Dundee City Council paid £69,371.33 refurbishing some of its 87 cameras.
The most recent update from the local authority shows that there are currently five with “minor faults” which are not working.
The peak expenditure came in 2013/14 when £74,046.12 was spent maintaining the cameras.
Civil liberties group Big Brother Watch has called on the council to regularly review its CCTV network to ensure it's making a difference.
Ron Neave, of the Fintry Community Council, is supportive of the devices.
He and fellow community council members are currently looking into the possibility of installing cameras at the Powrie Playpark after it was hit by vandals. Mr Neave added: “If they are affordable, then yes, I support CCTV. I believe they are a good deterrent and there's actually something out there at the moment that can be bought for £20 which looks like a camera.”
Big Brother Watch has been critical in the past of local authorities forking out unreasonable amounts of money on CCTV.
But while the group states that surveillance is important, it's adamant it is not a substitute for police resources.
Daniel Nesbitt, research director of Big Brother Watch, said: “CCTV should always be used proportionality and only when it can be proven to have a good impact.
“Far too often cameras are in the wrong place, not picking up anything of use or simply not acting as a deterrent.
“Dundee City Council should be regularly reviewing its CCTV network and if the cameras aren't making a difference then they should be scaled back.”
For the last four years, I've sat comfortably at the bottom of the standings in the league that I'm commissioner of, and frankly I'm tired of it. I can attest from first-hand experience that rock bottom is when you no longer even think about winning the championship because just making the playoffs seems equivalent to a good modern Stephen King adaptation being made. I'm looking at you Dark Tower.
So I've determined that this will be the year I pull myself out of the proverbial pits of purgatory. My goal isn't to be a champion; my goal is simply to be an average, middle-of-the-pack player who can make the playoffs.
This is no pipe dream, I've got a simple two-step plan for how it's going to happen.
Step 1: Mock Drafts like crazy
Bad drafts have plagued me throughout my fantasy football experience. Last year I let the computer auto-pick because why not? It can't be any worse than how I usually do.
Side note: unless you want to waste a third round pick on Carolina's Defense, I do not recommend this strategy.
Practice makes perfect so they say, and boy have I practiced. I've taken part in 30 mock drafts already. The actual draft isn't for another three weeks, but by that time I plan to be more than prepared for anything that gets thrown my way.
I make sure each time I mock draft that I choose a different draft position so that I know what the best picks for each round are in each spot.
Yahoo Fantasy Sports grades your draft each time and I'm proud to say that I score in the high 90s almost every time.
In short, I'm like the Pete Carroll of Yahoo Fantasy Sports mock drafts.
Unfortunately drafting isn't the only thing that leads to a successful season. A good draft can be ruined when something crazy happens during the regular season. Something like, oh I don't know, 1st round pick Adrian Peterson going out for the season in the first week…I'm not still mad about it I promise.
That being said, I've got that covered as well.
Step 2: Regular season lineup management.
My Aunt Penny has been the queen of our league since I first started it four years ago. She's rarely been beaten in the playoffs, and of course she makes it every year.
(Special mention goes to Uncle Stan because he said I couldn't write a piece on fantasy football without talking about the league's two-time champion.)
The reason for her success is her incredible lineup management during the season. She's always watching and listening to sports talk shows and googling who the best pick-ups for the week are.
The goal for me this year: be more like Aunt Penny.
One of the ways I'm going to try to meet this goal: set my Twitter account up to send notifications anytime one of the big fantasy football accounts tweets. Is that overkill? Maybe, but it's better to overdo it than spend another year getting stomped on by sweet Aunt Penny.
There you have it, my two-step plan to become an average fantasy football player. It may seem overly simple, but I feel like it shouldn't take days of analysis when your goal is just not to finish in last place. But how would I know?
In this 1999 photo, folksinger Rosalie Sorrels belts out a song at her Grimes Creek, Idaho, home during a photo shoot. Sorrels, a Grammy-nominated folk singer and native of Idaho who recorded more than 20 albums and performed at top folk festivals around the country, has died at age 83. Sorrels died on Sunday, June 11, 2017, in Reno, Nev., at the home of her daughter, Holly Marizu. (Chris Butler/Idaho Statesman via AP)
The Associated Press
Rosalie Sorrels, a Grammy-nominated folk singer and native of Idaho who recorded more than 20 albums and performed at top folk festivals around the country, has died. She was 83.
Sorrels died on Sunday in Reno, Nevada, at the home of her daughter, Holly Marizu.
Marizu said Wednesday that her mother had been diagnosed with colon cancer in 2016 and had dementia. A cause of death hadn't been determined.
Sorrels' marriage broke up in 1966 and she started performing on the road, traveling across the country with her five children rather than go on welfare, Marizu said.
"There weren't a lot of options for women in the 1960s," she said.
Still, Marizu recalled having fun most of the time.
"We got to live in all sorts of really cool places. There were times where we went to three or four different schools in a school year," she said.
Sorrels' albums "Strangers in Another Country" and "My Last Go Round" were nominated for Grammys.
Eric Peltoniemi, retired president of Red House Records in Minneapolis, worked with Sorrels on four albums, including two that were nominated for Grammys, and other projects.
"She didn't just sing a song, she embodied it," Peltoniemi told the Idaho Statesman. "She was one of the most passionate performers I'd ever seen. When she recorded something it was an event. People like Bonnie Raitt and Kate McGarrigle would come and play."
Sorrels' music often touched on social themes.
"I take the news from place to place," Sorrels told Idaho Public Television in a 2005 interview. "I do it with music. I do it with poetry and stories and I try to connect."
Sorrels met top music and literary figures of her day, including Jimi Hendrix, The Grateful Dead's Jerry Garcia, and writers Ken Kesey and William Kennedy.
Rosalie Ann Stringfellow was born June 24, 1933, in Boise, where her mother ran a downtown bookshop and her father worked as an engineer with the Idaho Transportation Department.
She spent much of her music career moving about the country and became known as the "Travelin' Lady."
She returned to Idaho in the early 1980s and eventually lived in a cabin near Idaho City about 60 miles (96 kilometers) northeast of Boise that had been homesteaded by ancestors. She continued to travel and perform.
Sorrels moved to Reno to live with Marizu in 2013 as her health declined, and in recent months had been under home hospice care.
"She was an amazing mother," Marizu said. "She taught me how to love and forgive people all the time."
Sorrels are survived by three children, five grandchildren and two great-grandchildren. The family is planning several memorial services where Sorrels lived, the first in Boise sometime around June 24, which would have been her 84th birthday.
The day before Super Bowl 52, Bad Lip Reading dropped the 2018 version of their NFL video that they release every year.
It includes the quarterbacks that'll be competing on Sunday: the Eagles' Nick Foles and the Patriots' Tom Brady. Plus, there are other players from various teams, officials and reporters.
It even includes Carson Wentz saying, “I'm not Prince Harry?”
Enjoy!
Business group: China backtracking on market opening
hello
In this Oct. 21, 2016 photo, visitors look at a robot capable of writing calligraphy during the World Robot Conference in Beijing. China's push to develop its own technology and other industries has "narrowed the space" for foreign companies to compete in its market, an American business group said Tuesday, April 18, 2017, and it appealed Beijing to carry out market-opening pledges. Foreign companies are especially concerned about government initiatives to develop competitors in electric cars, robotics, biotech and other fields. Associated Press
In this Oct. 21, 2016 photo, visitors look at a Chinese made robot during the World Robot Conference in Beijing. China's push to develop its own technology and other industries has "narrowed the space" for foreign companies to compete in its market, an American business group said Tuesday, April 18, 2017, and it appealed Beijing to carry out market-opening pledges. Foreign companies are especially concerned about government initiatives to develop competitors in electric cars, robotics, biotech and other fields. Associated Press
In this photo taken Friday, Oct. 21, 2016, a visitor holds up a pamphlet to a robot produced by a Chinese company displayed during the World Robot Conference in Beijing. China's push to develop its own technology and other industries has "narrowed the space" for foreign companies to compete in its market, an American business group said Tuesday, April 18, 2017, and it appealed Beijing to carry out market-opening pledges. Foreign companies are especially concerned about government initiatives to develop competitors in electric cars, robotics, biotech and other fields. Associated Press
In this Oct. 21, 2016 photo, visitors look at a Chinese made robot that is capable of surgical procedures during the World Robot Conference in Beijing. China's push to develop its own technology and other industries has "narrowed the space" for foreign companies to compete in its market, an American business group said Tuesday, April 18, 2017, and it appealed Beijing to carry out market-opening pledges. Foreign companies are especially concerned about government initiatives to develop competitors in electric cars, robotics, biotech and other fields. Associated Press
In this Oct. 21, 2016 photo, a Chinese made robot is hidden behind panels during the World Robot Conference in Beijing. China's push to develop its own technology and other industries has "narrowed the space" for foreign companies to compete in its market, an American business group said Tuesday, April 18, 2017, and it appealed Beijing to carry out market-opening pledges. Foreign companies are especially concerned about government initiatives to develop competitors in electric cars, robotics, biotech and other fields. Associated Press
FILE - In this Oct. 21, 2016 file photo, a Chinese woman demonstrates the ability of Baxter, an industrial robot from U.S. company Rethink Robotics, to follow her hand movements during the World Robot Conference in Beijing. China's push to develop its own technology and other industries has "narrowed the space" for foreign companies to compete in its market, an American business group said Tuesday, April 18, 2017, and it appealed Beijing to carry out market-opening pledges. Foreign companies are especially concerned about government initiatives to develop competitors in electric cars, robotics, biotech and other fields. Associated Press
SHANGHAI -- An American business group says China's push to develop its own technology and other industries has "narrowed the space" for foreign companies to compete in its market.
In a report released Tuesday, the American Chamber of Commerce in China urged Beijing to move faster on market-opening pledges.
The report joins mounting complaints that Beijing is hampering or reducing market access despite its public defense of free trade in response to U.S. President Donald Trump's call for import restrictions.
Trump hailed the rapport he developed with his Chinese counterpart, Xi Jinping, during a meeting last week in Florida that seemed to ease tensions over China's multibillion-dollar trade surplus with the United States. But neither side has announced policy changes.
The U.S. group cited examples from agriculture to health care to movies where China limits and might be reducing access as it tries to nurture its own competitors in biotech, electric cars and other fields. The chamber complained in March that the regulatory process for approving foreign farm-related biotech products for use in China was slowing.
"The pace of economic reforms and market opening has been slow and faltering, and industrial policies and related measures designed to support domestic industries and national champions have narrowed the space for future participation in China's economy by foreign companies," the report said.
"With the backdrop of a slowing economy and increasing geopolitical uncertainty, we hope that China will pursue bold reforms to create a more open, market-driven investment environment."
Xi and other Chinese leaders have promised market forces and private business will play a bigger role in China's state-dominated economy. But their ambitious plans to develop Chinese technology and manufacturing have prompted warnings that foreign companies might be squeezed out of promising fields.
Chinese leaders also say they will increase the ruling Communist Party's control over state-owned companies that dominate banking, telecoms, oil and gas and other major industries.
Xi defended free trade in a January speech at the World Economic Forum in Switzerland that was seen as a rebuke to Trump. Still, trading partners note China is the most-closed major economy, while the United States is among the most open to trade and investment.
Progress on carrying out Chinese market-opening pledges is "slow and uneven" and "China even appears to be moving in the opposite direction in some regards," the American chamber said.
It noted progress in some areas such as expanding foreign access to China's bond market but said it saw little action in most industries.
Despite official pledges, more than 60 percent of companies that responded to a survey have "little or no confidence that the government is committed to opening China's markets further in the next three years," the chamber said.
"There is an increasing perception of animosity toward foreign business," it said.
The chamber noted the United States and other countries impose few limits on Chinese companies that are on a global buying spree to acquire technology and companies.
The report appealed to Chinese regulators for changes including the release of more information about court rulings, rejections of license applications, anti-monopoly investigations and customs and tax rules. It also called for an end to "window guidance," in which regulators issue orders to banks and other companies in private contacts without announcing them.
Foreign companies are especially concerned about government initiatives to develop competitors in electric cars, robotics, biotech and other fields.
Only 10 percent of companies in technology-intensive industries that responded to a survey have an "optimistic viewpoint on the regulatory environment," the American chamber said.
Authorities also are making little progress on promises to scale down steel and other industries where supply exceeds demand, leading to a flood of low-cost Chinese exports that are hurting foreign competitors, the group said.
It noted the amount of steel production capacity in use rose last year, while much of the 45 million tons of capacity the government said was closed represented mills that already were idle.
"Unemployment concerns, vested interests and an unclear message from the central leadership have caused these efforts at cutting overcapacity to flounder," the report said.
___
The American Chamber of Commerce in China: www.amchamchina.org
INDIANAPOLIS (WISH) — It's a tale of two cities: Minneapolis, where excitement is overflowing for Super Bowl 52, and Indianapolis, where it's just another Friday.
Indianapolis was one of three cities the NFL considered for this year's big game before going with Minneapolis, home of the new US Bank Stadium.
Allison Melangton, president and CEO of the 2012 Super Bowl Host Committee, said with a smile that “watching the coverage does make your heart hurt a little bit.”
Melangton was a visionary behind Indy's successful 2012 Super Bowl bid. She flew to Atlanta in 2014 to pitch Indy's 2018 Super Bowl plan with Jim Irsay and Colts legend Jeff Saturday.
“We pulled all the great things that happened in 2012 into the pitch for 2018,” Melangton said. “We came up short. It's always a risk when you are bidding against other great cities.”
It's no easy process. Melangton said each finalist gets about 15 minutes to pitch a plan they've worked on for months.
Greg Basey owns Basey's Grill and Spirits next to Lucas Oil Stadium. He said the big game in 2012 meant big business, but he doesn't mind Indianapolis sitting this one out.
“I was hoping New Orleans or Minneapolis would get it,” Basey said. “It's a lot of behind-the-scenes and a lot of red tape that went with hosting a Super Bowl that I really just don't care to be a part of again.”
Basey said he expects Indianapolis to host again someday.
Melangton said it will take time–because the NFL doesn't pick cold weather cities often–but Indy has what it takes.
“We will bid again if we feel like we can win. It's a lot of time and energy if you don't think you can win. We have to be really strategic in looking at the next 10 years and saying, ‘What's our best opportunity?'”
Indianapolis is scheduled to host the NBA All-Star Game, the College Football Playoff National Championship and the Final Four all within a 12-month period in 2021 and 2022.
Melangton said Indianapolis probably would not be hosting all of those events so soon if the city had hosted this year's Super Bowl.
Peterson Media
Continuing to show great speed the last few weeks, Willie Croft put on a dazzling performance at Placerville Speedway on Saturday night as he worked his way forward from the 20th starting position to finish in the sixth spot.
“It was a pretty good night for our race team,” Willie Croft said. “It's tough with so many cars, but we were able to transfer from the ‘B', and charge our way forward in the A on an extremely slick track.”
Timing the Holey Smokes BBQ/ButlerBuilt/Brown and Miller backed No. 29 machine in third fastest in his qualifying group, Croft would find himself on the front row of his 10-lap heat race.
Finishing fifth in his heat, the Roseville, CA driver would be forced into the B main event. Finishing fourth in the semi, Croft would advance to the 40-lap feature event where he would grid the field from the 10th row.
On an extremely slick Placerville Speedway surface, Croft was able to guide his machine forward as he was able to move all over the racing surface. Simply going where there was open real estate while mired in dense traffic, Croft was showing the capacity crowd he was on a mission.
Taking advantage of a couple double file restarts, Croft would find himself battling with Ryan Bernal for a spot in the Top-Five during the race's closing laps. With the duo exchanging the spot several times, Croft would end up taking the checkered flag with a sixth place finish.
“We definitely want to take advantage of starting up front in our heat race and making the Dash, but other than that I was pleased with how we performed in the race,” Croft said.
Willie Croft Racing would like to thank Holey Smokes BBQ, ButlerBuilt , Brown and Miller, FK Rod Ends, Hinchman Indy, Factory Kahne, Schoenfeld, Smith Precision Products, Kaeding Performance, AL Drivelines, QTM, XYZ, Dan Olson Products, Vortex Wings, Amerikote, and GUTS for their support in 2017.
2017 BY THE NUMBERS: Races-11, Wins-0, Top 5's-2, Top 10's-3.
ON TAP: Willie Croft will be back in action on both Friday and Saturday night in Tulare, CA for the Peter Murphy Classic.
STAY CONNECTED: Stay connected with Willie Croft Racing by visiting www.williecroftracing.com. You can also follow him on Twitter @WillieCroft29.
PETERSEN MEDIA: Petersen Media is a promotional agency that can handle your public relations, marketing, and any other media needs. Petersen Media utilizes multiple tactics to help you reach your intended audience, to boost awareness.
For more information contact Sales@petersenmediainc.com, 916-342-3424, visit www.petersenmediainc.com, www.facebook.com/PetersenMedia or follow @Petersen_Media on Twitter.
A quirky and hazardous corner of British public finance
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
SUDBURY, Ont. — A strike by faculty members at Laurentian University is over now that the union and school have reached a tentative agreement.
The university says ratification votes will be held as soon as possible so that faculty and students can get back to class.
If it is ratified, classes at the university's Barrie, Ont., campus and online will resume Tuesday and those at the Sudbury, Ont., campus will start Oct. 16 after the fall break.
Details of the proposed deal have not been released.
The strike began last week after the Laurentian University Faculty Association said negotiations had reached an impasse.
In a message to students at the time, the union said the key issue in the dispute was faculty workload.
The authorities in The Gambia have shut down a popular radio station critical of long-serving ruler Yahya Jammeh.
Intelligence agents ordered Teranga FM's closure without giving reasons, said Emil Touray, the head of the Gambia Press Union.
This is the first sign of a crackdown on the media since Mr Jammeh rejected defeat in the 1 December poll.
Mr Jammeh first seized power in a bloodless coup in 1994.
He initially conceded to property developer Adama Barrow, but then launched court action to annul the result, saying the poll was marred by irregularities.
The electoral commission said the poll was free and fair.
Four National Intelligence Agency operatives and a police officer visited the offices of Teranga FM on Sunday to demand its closure, a staff member told AFP on condition of anonymity.
There has been no official comment from the government.
Station manager Alagie Ceesay was arrested in July 2015 on charges of sedition and “publication of false news” – allegations he denied.
The Gambia ranked 145 out of 180 countries in media campaign group Reporters Without Borders' 2016 World Press Freedom Index.
It said there was “a climate of terror around anything remotely to do with journalism”.
The UN and West African regional body Ecowas have urged Mr Jammeh to respect the will of the people and step down when his term ends.
Ecowas officials say that neighbouring Senegal's troops are ready to intervene if Mr Jammeh refuses to hand power to Mr Barrow on 19 January.
Mr Jammeh said that any deployment would be an “act of war”.
Mr Barrow caused a major upset by defeating Mr Jammeh by 43.3% to 39.6%.
The Gambia has not had a smooth transfer of power since independence from Britain in 1965.
It is a popular tourist destination because of its beaches.
The post Gambian Anti-Jammeh Radio Station Shut appeared first on Lagos Television.
Kathrine Herzer has been an actress since she was 10 years old, but her role as Allison McCord on the CBS hit political drama Madam Secretary changed her life. While the California native had small roles in movies such as Mr. and Mrs. Smith and A Lot Like Love, her recurring role alongside stars such as Tea Leoni and Keith Carradine took her career to the next level.
“Madam Secretary is the best,” Herzer told CBS Local in a recent studio interview. “I got the part when I was a junior in high school and I would commute back and forth to New York when we started filming. It's the best group of people to work with and we have these amazing scripts that create this great energy.”
In addition to her work on Madam Secretary, Herzer is also a full time student at New York University. While her schedule has its challenges, the 20-year-old rising star wouldn't change anything.
“It's a lot to balance, but I wouldn't have it any other way,” Herzer said. “There's so much that I get from working and going to school at the same time.”
Season Four of the show will be a big one for the McCord family, as Allison is on her way to college. The new season, which premieres Sunday, October 8th at 10pm eastern on CBS, will feature a more mature and empowered Allison McCord.
“Allison is in such a crazy time in her life because she is going to college. She's venturing into her own world, but the McCord family is so close that it just means that they are all branching out into this new area. I think this bit of independence will give her a lot of power, its an exciting season for her.”
Ted Raymond, Newstalk 580 CFRA
Ottawa Police confirm they are investigating reports of shots being fired at a home in the south end.
Police say a call came in late Tuesday night from Des Mesanges Drive.
One of the residents told CTV Ottawa by phone that seven shots were fired.
Ottawa Police say the investigation led to the 2500 block of Bank Street, just east of Albion, where several shell casings were found.
No one has been reported hurt.
No arrests have been made.
Top 5 Albums You Missed in 2016
Momizat
Feb 09
Written by Ben Casey. Media by Bre Pollitt. [divide] It's been a little over a month since 2016 ended. In 2017, don't distance yourself from all of the incredib
Written by Ben Casey. Media by Bre Pollitt. [divide] It's been a little over a month since 2016 ended. In 2017, don't distance yourself from all of the incredib
0
Starting out in law as a state-school educated black woman commuting from a council flat, Claudine Adeyemi felt she did not fit in. The associate lawyer at Mishcon de Reya recalls meeting two bright students at a law career event, who were considering high street firms only because they could not see themselves in the City. “It broke my heart a bit . . . if you can't see people who look like you in your dream job, it seems that much more unattainable,” says Ms Adeyemi who wears her hair in braids to dispel some people's fear this might look unprofessional. She mentors young people in her firm's client lounge to help them visualise a future there and to ensure clients and staff see more non-white faces. In 2014 she set up a Student Development Company to support underprivileged 16-24 year-olds: “Where you start out in life shouldn't affect where you end up.”
Trump congratulates Erdoğan on controversial referendum victory
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
JV Lady Eagles narrowly take Bethune-Bowman
The Scott's Branch High School junior varsity Lady Eagles defeated Bethune-Bowman away from home Friday in a very close 16-15 match-up. Keonna Felder led the JV Lady eagles with 11 points, while Kya Cox and Tiauna Hunt each scored two points. Rosandra Bennett put up one point for the team.
Sheriff: Shooter had 'enough time and arrogance' to make sure victims were dead
hello
Emergency response vehicles gather Sunday at Great Lakes Dragway near Union Grove, Wisconsin. Three men were shot and killed during an auto racing event at the facility, authorities said. AP
Three suburban men shot dead Sunday night at a drag racing event in Wisconsin were victims of a targeted, gang-related attack, authorities said.
Khalid R. Howard, 30, of Aurora; Derek K. Edwards, 26, of North Aurora; and David L. Watson, 30, of Oswego died from gunshot wounds after an unidentified gunman opened fire on them at Great Lakes Dragway in Union Grove, Wisconsin, Kenosha County Sheriff David Beth said.
The gunman walked up to his victims at a concession tent and shot two of them, he said. The third ran around the side of the tent and the gunman followed, shooting again.
"And then he came back up and fired a few more shots into the two that were laying there," Beth said. "He had enough time and enough arrogance to go back and make sure that they were dead."
The violence was unprecedented at the raceway, and it came when an estimated 15,000 people attended an event called Larry's Fun Fest, which draws car lovers and their families.
"We've never even had so much as a fist fight, and one bad egg has to ruin it for them," Brian Mitchell, a manager at the dragaway, told the Kenosha News.
Beth said the gang connection seemed obvious.
"The reason I believe gangs were involved is because the three all belonged to a gang," he said. "And they all seemed to be quite well-known by gang officers in the areas that they come from."
He added that the father of one of the dead men "is a high-ranking member of a gang in the Chicago area."
Aurora police spokesman Dan Ferrelli confirmed all three victims "were well-known" to Aurora police.
"Wisconsin reached out to us in reference to their investigation," Ferrelli said. "We supplied the information they were seeking and pledged our assistance in any way we can. Other than that, we don't discuss investigations by outside agencies."
Beth said people claiming to be family members of the victims arrived at the racetrack late Sunday night but were not cooperative with authorities.
"That hasn't helped us," he said.
The suspect was described as a black man between 20 and 30 years old, standing about 5 feet, 9 inches with a thin, athletic build. His hair was shaved on the side, with a "scruffy" top, according to the sheriff's office.
Beth said he believes "several dozen" people may have witnessed the attack and he has urged them to come forward.
The suspect fled the area after the shooting in a vehicle, though Beth said witnesses have only been able to describe it as a black car.
The rack normally is closed on Monday, but it was not known if it would re-open later this week.
Cisco Says Data Security Fears Delay Sales for Businesses
Customer privacy concerns led to sales delays for most businesses last year as fears escalated in the wake of massive data hacks at Equifax, Yahoo and other companies.
About 65 percent of businesses say privacy concerns impacted how quickly they were able to sell their products and services, according to a Cisco study released Thursday. The average length of a sales delay was nearly 8 weeks.
"We're seeing that good privacy, mature privacy, well measured and studied privacy is good for business, and we have the data to show it," said Michelle Dennedy, Cisco's chief privacy officer, in an interview.
Companies could lose money from delayed sales, especially if a customer switches to a competitor during that time, according to the study.
More government regulation, including in Europe, and consumer awareness may explain why privacy concerns delayed sales, Dennedy said.
Cisco, which sells security products, also found that businesses with better privacy processes reported lower losses from data breaches.
About 74 percent of businesses with incomplete or inconsistent privacy procedures reported losing more than $500,000 last year because of a data breach.
The San Jose technology firm surveyed more than 3,600 security professionals in 25 countries across multiple industries, including government, healthcare, retail and education.
Companies in government and healthcare, which handle more confidential data than other industries, saw the longest average sales delays. Utilities and pharmaceutical businesses had the shortest sales delays.
Businesses in Latin America, Mexico and Japan reported the longest sales delays while China and Russia had the shortest delays. In the United States, the average sales delay was 7.7 weeks -- nearly equal to the overall average delay.
The double-blind survey was conducted between October and December and included businesses of various sizes, according to Cisco.
Businesses are also taking consumer privacy concerns more seriously because of a new European data privacy protection law that takes effect in May, some analysts say.
Called the General Data Protection Regulation, the law aims to give people in Europe better control over the data companies collect on them. Under the law, for example, businesses have 72 hours to report a data breach and consumers will have the right to request that firms erase their personal data.
Companies that fail to comply with this law will face fines of up to 4 percent of their global annual revenue, or 20 million euros.
"When you're a global company, even if you're U.S. based and you have operations in Europe, it's more expensive to have two systems," said Avivah Litan, a Gartner analyst who focuses on cybersecurity. "It's just more cost effective to treat European customer data the same way you treat American customer data."
Businesses should not only educate employees about how to protect data, but make sure they're using the right tools to safeguard consumer information, Dennedy said.
Cisco's study comes just ahead of Data Privacy Day on Jan. 28, an annual celebration of the signing of the first legally binding international treaty for privacy and data protection.
On Thursday, the National Cyber Security Alliance [held] an event at LinkedIn's San Francisco office with data privacy experts, which was also to be streamed live online.
© 2018 San Jose Mercury News under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: iStock/Artist's concept.
Trials star takes on some slacklines in the latest video
At first glance Danny MacAskill's latest video might not look that impressive from the Scottish trials star who has made a name for himself by teetering on the top of Scottish mountains and bunny-hopping giant pencils.
But look a bit closer and you will realise just what an incredible display of skill this is, as MacAskill rides across a couple of slacklines, similar to tightropes but slightly wider and with a bit more flexibility.
>>> Danny MacAskill attempts to jump over Jack Whitehall but it doesn't quite go to plan
The video left MacAskill's fans on Facebook slack-jawed, with Matt Gamble commenting, “ ”
MacAskill's video even earned him an invite to Germany from slackline manufacturer Gibbon Slacklines, who promised to give MacAskill some more kit for future videos.
All in all, the Mets have had better days.
What was supposed to be a Harvey Day at Citi Field turned into Suspension Central for the Mets on Sunday.
“The game is about the game itself,” manager Terry Collins said. “When you take away that preparation, that factor — these guys have been playing very well — then all of a sudden there's something thrown into the mix that no one in that room has any control over, it takes a little steam away.”
Or in this situation, after general manager Sandy Alderson announced Matt Harvey was “suspended for three days without pay for violation of club rules,” a lot of steam was taken away.
And so with lefty call-up Adam Wilk completing a cross-country journey to serve as Harvey's fill-in on the mound, the recently potent Mets were one-hit offensive lambs at the plate in a 7-0 wipeout loss to the Marlins, who stopped the Mets' winning streak at three games.
“We couldn't get anything going. It had nothing to do with any bad news,” outfielder Jay Bruce said after the Mets were held hitless for five innings by Miami's Jose Urena (1-0), making his first start this season. “It's just baseball.”
Oh, is that what the Mets were doing? Some of the 39,197 in attendance thought it was a tribute to futility.
While the Mets were limited to only Rene Rivera's sixth-inning leadoff single — plus two walks and two hit batters — Giancarlo Stanton made enough noise for an army. Stanton continued turning Citi Field into his personal playpen with two more homers, his 19th and 20th in the Mets' home, the most by any opponent.
“He's really good when he extends his hands,” said Wilk, a former Tiger and Angel. “I don't think the pitches were terrible, but I didn't make them do what we were trying to do.”
Stanton made them do his will. After homering Saturday, Stanton smashed a three-run shot in the first, launching an 0-1 slider that reached the second deck in left. In the third, Stanton added a solo shot, a laser to left that smashed off the glass in front of the second deck auxiliary press box. Stanton's 10th homer this season made it 4-0. This was the 21st multi-home run game of Stanton's career, third this season. Not all 21 were against the Mets, it just seems that way.
Adeiny Hechavarria made it 5-0 in the fourth with his first homer of the season. When Christian Yelich doubled two outs later, Collins lifted Wilk for Paul Sewald. Yelich scored on a wild pitch making it 6-0. Derek Dietrich stroked an RBI double in the seventh off Sewald to make it 7-0.
For nine straight games, the Mets had scored at least five runs. Yup, and bread used to be a nickel. Fallout from Harvey?
“I don't think that was the case. We have to give some credit to Urena. He pitched very good,” Jose Reyes said of the Miami starter who needed 63 pitches in six shutout innings before relievers took over. “Harvey, he's the one who's supposed to be there on the mound, but everybody knows what happened. As soon as we played, we don't think about that. We want to take care of business on the field.”
But didn't.
MYRTLE CREEK, Ore. (AP) – Oregon State Police say two women have died after apparently falling from a bridge on Interstate 5 following a single-vehicle crash.
Police say emergency crews responded at about 2:30 a.m. Monday after the driver and her female passenger called 911 to report the crash north of Myrtle Creek on a bridge crossing the South Umpqua River.
Police say crews arrived and found a 2002 Kia sport utility vehicle but not the driver or passenger.
Police say crews soon after located two woman dead on the riverbank below.
Names haven't been released.
Police are continuing to investigate.
Party, Akpanudoedeghe trade words over expulsion
The Akwa Ibom State chapter of All Progressives Congress (APC) is battling internal crisis as the leadership of the party are at loggerheads over the expulsion of its 2015 governorship aspirant, Senator John James Akpanudoedeghe and the purported dissolution of the State Executive Committee (SEC).
It was rumoured that the party's SEC has been disbanded with the setting up of another organ called Forum of State Officers, chapter executives and ward executives to act in place of the disbanded executive.
However, the chairman of the party, Dr. Amadu Attai, dismissed any purported crisis in the party as untrue and unfounded, saying: “The state executive of the party, under my watch is intact.”
He also said there was no organ known as Forum of State Officers, chapter executives and ward executives “the State Executive Council (SEC) of the party had not been dissolved.”
According to him, “The rumour making the rounds about the dissolution of the SEC was being peddled by the expelled members of the party and Akpanudoedeghe. There is no such body known to the constitution of the Progressives Congress.”
It would be recalled that sometime ago, Attai announced the expulsion of Akpanudoedeghe from the party over alleged anti party activities.In addition, it was gathered that the embattled senator had before his expulsion, rebuffed all reconciliatory moves by the leadership of the party and traditional leaders including peaceful overtures from the national headquarters of the party.
Attai said the party had on January 23, expelled Akpanudoedeghe, which was contained in a letter addressed to the APC national vice chairman/zonal chairman South-South.
“We are also aware that those darting these chain of vicious attacks and cheap blackmail are employed by and doing the bidding of Akpanudoedeghe with the sole purpose of ridiculing and hurting the image of our party in the state.
“We wish to most emphatically reemphasis here that the said Senator Akpanudoedeghe who is sponsoring all the campaign of calumny against our party and some of its leaders was recently expelled from the APC in Akwa Ibom State and he stands excommunicated,” he added.
Explaining reasons Akpanudoedeghe was expelled, the party chairman said all the necessary entreaties were employed to reconcile the Senator with its senior citizens, leaders, stakeholders and members, and traditional leaders, but to no avail.
“It is on record that when notified of the sundry harmful anti-party activities perpetrated by the said Akpanudoedeghe, the APC national leaders and stakeholders initiated various reconciliatory moves. And again, Akpanudoedeghe in his usual way scorned the gestures outright.
However, Akpanudoedeghe, who addressed the media, described his purported expulsion as a ruse and of no effect.He said the state chapter of the party has no power to expel him “it does not have the right to do that, it is only by a party convention that you could expel somebody of my status in the party, so what they claimed to do is of no effect. Those names and signatures are complete fake. My ward chairman's name is Monday Utuk. My chapter chairman is Emmanuel Andy. Everybody knows that.
“Moreover, the SEC in question does not exist again because our real members have passed a vote of no confidence on them especially by the forum of State Officers, Chapter Executives and Ward executives. We now have a new executive made up of people who share the ideals of the party and who laboured under sweat and blood to fight the PDP,” he said.
He added that the Attai-led executive was being sponsored by some ‘money-bags' who recently joined the APC from the PDP.He alleged that some cabals in the party wanted him out because they have collected money from some personalities who recently joined the party, adding: “Attai was a pauper when we admitted him but now they have bought two jeeps for him and he is building an upstairs for himself.”
He called on the national headquarters of the APC to be wary of those that were only interested in their personal pockets and do not have the interest of the party members at heart “that is why we passed a vote of no confidence on them. We now have people who love the party and the people who laboured for the growth of the party.”
Asked whether the factional executive have the blessings of the national leadership of the APC, the ex-minister insisted that the problem remained that of the state branch and would be solved by members of the party in the state.
CALGARY, ALBERTA--(Marketwired - Oct. 6, 2017) -
NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION TO UNITED STATES Newswire SERVICES OR DISSEMINATION IN THE UNITED STATES
AQTWM, Inc. (the "Company" or "Aqua Terra") is pleased to announce that it has filed a preliminary long form prospectus (the "Prospectus") with the securities commissions of each of the provinces of Canada, except Québec, in connection with an initial public offering of its common shares (the "Offering").
The Offering will be made through a syndicate of underwriters co-led by TD Securities Inc., Canaccord Genuity Corp. and RBC Capital Markets Inc. The number of common shares offered and the offering price of the common shares have not yet been determined and will be dependent on market conditions.
There can be no assurance that the Offering will be completed. An investment in the common shares of the Company is subject to a number of risks. The Prospectus contains important information relating to the Offering and is still subject to completion or amendment. For more information, potential investors should read the Prospectus which is available on SEDAR at www.sedar.com. The Prospectus has not yet become final for the purpose of a distribution to the public. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale or acceptance of an offer to buy the common shares in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to the time a receipt for the final prospectus or other authorization is obtained from the securities commission or similar authority in such jurisdiction.
No securities regulatory authority has either approved or disapproved of the contents of this press release. This press release is not for distribution, directly or indirectly, in or into the United States (including its territories and possessions, any State of the United States and the District of Columbia) or any other jurisdiction outside Canada. This press release does not constitute or form a part of any offer or solicitation to buy or sell any securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction outside of Canada. The securities offered pursuant to the Prospectus have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended, (the "U.S. Securities Act") or the securities laws of any state of the United States and may not be offered or sold within the United States absent registration or pursuant to an available exemption from the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act and applicable state securities laws. There will be no public offering of securities in the United States.
About the Company
Aqua Terra is a growth-oriented oilfield water management and logistics company that provides water disposal services to Canadian and U.S. onshore oil and natural gas producers. The Company's Canadian facility infrastructure is focused on four hydrocarbon producing regions (the Montney, the Viking, Conventional Heavy Oil and the Saskatchewan Bakken) across British Columbia, Alberta and Saskatchewan, while its U.S.-based infrastructure spans three hydrocarbon producing regions (the Permian, the North Dakota Bakken and the Eagle Ford) across Texas and North Dakota.
OAKLAND — A group of young Warriors reserves cut a 28-point third-quarter deficit to nine on Monday night in Denver with more than seven minutes still remaining. The Nuggets went back to their starters. But the Warriors didn't.
Maybe Steve Kerr would've last season. Every win mattered in the chase for 73. But this season, every regular-season victory doesn't. So Draymond Green didn't lace up his shoes, Kerr didn't blink and the Warriors didn't make a sub.
They lost, but the stars avoided seven extra high-octane fourth-quarter minutes in the Denver altitude. In a season that will be defined solely by what happens in May and June, prioritizing those added pockets of downtime now could prove huge.
“It'll have an effect down the stretch,” Stephen Curry said.
In the last month, LeBron James has made headlines with a number of critical comments. Included among them, LeBron told his front office they needed another playmaker. Some theorized it stemmed from his frustration that, at age 32, he's still averaging 37.6 minutes per game, which is tied with Kyle Lowry for the most in the NBA.
LeBron has always carried a monster minutes load. His second and third seasons in the NBA, at ages 20 and 21, he averaged an astounding 42.4 and 42.5 minutes per game. That was more common a decade ago — the league's bigger names averaging somewhere near 40 per game.
Sports science has advanced since then. There is player tracking for games and practices. Teams prioritize rest better and trainers advise keeping a player's minutes in the 35ish per game range. The league's most-used players average near 38 per night — right around what LeBron is pushing — instead of logging 41 or 42.
But the careful teams try to keep their main guys in the 34 per game range. Golden State is one of the league's most diligent, given the benefit of depth and a large number of fourth-quarter blowouts. The Warriors don't have a player in the top 29 in minutes per game. Klay Thompson, 30th in the NBA at 34.2, leads the team.
“Mentally and physically you're still exerting yourself in those minutes. I'm exhausted right now,” Curry said after a recent game. “But over the course of the season, you hope taking care of business, protecting leads, the amount of fourth quarters starters have missed for good reasons will help us down the road and keep us fresh for the playoffs.”
Curry averaged 38.2 and 36.5 minutes per game in Mark Jackson's last two seasons. Kerr arrived, the team exploded, Curry won two MVPs and they were able to reduce his per game load to 32.7 and 34.2 the past two years. He's at 33.5 per game this season, behind older players such as Carmelo Anthony (34.0) and Paul Millsap (34.3), just ahead of teammate Green (33.3 per, 42nd in the league).
“I think it's made a difference,” Kerr said. “But then you look at last year and Steph averaged 33 per game and then got hurt in the first game of the playoffs and it knocked him back a bit. (Andrew) Bogut got hurt. But you'd like to think the cumulative effect of playing guys fewer minutes will keep guys fresh, but you never know. I do think playing guys 34 instead of 38 over the course of the year will keep our guys fresher than they would've been otherwise.”
But on this Warriors team, Kevin Durant might be the most important to monitor. Though all four of their All-Stars are around the same age — Green is 26, Thompson is 27, Durant and Curry are 28 — Durant has played far more cumulative NBA minutes. He entered the league earlier and has played deeper into the playoffs more often.
Including the regular season and postseason, Durant has logged 29,903 career minutes. Curry is only at 21,300, Thompson at 16,708, Green at 11,999.
Plus Durant is the only Warrior to play in all 55 games this season, which plants him at 13th in the league in cumulative minutes (1,879) even if he's 32nd in per game total (34.2).
But that's still a huge difference for Durant. He led the NBA in cumulative minutes played three of his first seven seasons. He averaged 37.5 minutes per game for his career and was above 38 per game in six of his first seven seasons. So even if he has been tempted to push it to those Thunder levels, he's enjoyed the dip in usage.
“I'll look at the stat sheet and it says 32 or 33,” Durant said. “It feels great. It feels like I'm going out there and playing my minutes extremely hard. We have a deep team, we have a nice bench and Coach has done a great job of no matter what the circumstance is, how the game is going, he's going to stick to his rotation because the playoffs, we're thinking big picture. There are some games where I'm thinking I can go 40-plus tonight, but we stick to what we do and it ends up working at the end of the day. It feels great.”
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
SARASOTA (CBSMiami/AP) — A teenager in Sarasota is in hot water over the ‘promposal' he came up with.
The high school student stirred a backlash when he held up a sign with a racially offensive message to invite his girlfriend to the prom.
The Herald-Tribune reports the 18-year-old Riverview High School student's sign read: “If I was black, I'd be picking cotton, but I'm white, so I'm picking u 4 proms.”
After a photo of the sign was posted on Snapchat and shared across social media, school officials say they're investigating.
Sarasota school district spokeswoman Tracey Beeker says administrators have spoken to the student and his parents.
In a robocall to Riverview parents, acting principal Kathy Wilks said the school does not “condone or support” the student's message.
An NAACP official encouraged school administrators to issue a district-wide response making it clear that the sign was inappropriate.
(© Copyright 2018 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved. The Associated Press contributed to this report.)
Actor and experienced pilot, Harrison Ford was involved in a near serious plane incident involving a 737 passenger plane.
Ford was instructed to land on runway 20-L at John Wayne Airport in California, but accidentally aimed for a taxiway. He flew just over the top of an American Airlines passenger plane.
The 74- year old actor immediately asked air traffic control, “Was that airliner meant to be underneath me?”
Controllers informed Ford that he had landed on a taxiway and not the intended runway. This sort of incident is a violation of Federal Aviation Administration safety rules, according to sources.
The FAA has begun a full investigation into the incident, that could result in a warning letter or suspension of his pilot's license.
A Virginia man who was robbed, beaten, tied up and left to die in his burning apartment was rescued by his neighbor early Tuesday.
Clarence “Skip” Kakert, 70, said a person attacked him, tied his hands and feet and then pillaged through his apartment in Roanoke before setting it on fire, according to WSLS 10.
Omar Romance-Lomax Martin, 20, has been named as the suspect, police said. Martin is being sought for arson and malicious wounding charges.
Kakert reportedly knew Martin, and Martin was asking Kakert for money before the incident occurred, police said. Chad Corby, a neighbor, said he called authorities when he saw Kakert yelling for help.
“He was on his front porch, screaming for help,” Corby told WSLS10. “He was tied and bound, covered in blood. He told me somebody came in, asked to borrow some money. He told them he couldn't do it. They didn't like that answer, proceeded to beat the crap out of him, bound him, threw him in his tub, and caught his house on fire.”
Corby ran to Kakert and cut him loose.
“Standing, bound, had a belt tied around his ankles,” Corby said. He had an oxygen cord and a phone cord tied around his wrists.”
Corby said he is not sure if Kakert had survived if somebody did not help.
“The fire was scary enough, but to see him covered in blood and the thought that someone would try to rob and kill him was unreal,” he said.
Police said Kakert suffered from non-life-threatening injuries.
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Image copyright Hampshire Constabulary Image caption Bethan Colebourn "brought joy to people's lives", her family said
A mother is facing a charge of murdering her three-year-old daughter after a post-mortem examination revealed the girl died from drowning.
Police were called to a house in Whitsbury Road, Fordingbridge, Hampshire, on 19 October.
Bethan Colebourn, 3, was taken to Salisbury District Hospital, where she was later pronounced dead.
Claire Colebourn, 36, of Oxford, is due to appear at Winchester Crown Court to be charged with murder, police said.
Image caption Bethan died in hospital after being found at a property in Whitsbury Road
Previously a statement released by Hampshire Constabulary on behalf of her family said relatives were "devastated".
"Bethan brought so much happiness and joy to so many people's lives," it said.
"She was a fun loving, adventurous and caring young girl who will be dearly missed. She will be in our hearts and minds forever."
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
With the epic failures of Android lines such as the Galaxy, it seemed like the path was clear for the iPhone to re-establish its dominance over the smartphone industry. But when Google announced it was releasing its Pixel smartphone, consumers deci...
Play Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Embed Trump Attacks Nordstrom for Dropping His Daughter's Fashion Line 1:44 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
President Donald Trump hit back at Nordstrom on Twitter on Wednesday morning after the retailer said it wasn't buying his daughter Ivanka's clothing line for this season — a decision Nordstrom said it informed her of in early January.
"My daughter Ivanka has been treated so unfairly by @Nordstrom," Trump wrote. "She is a great person — always pushing me to do the right thing! Terrible!"
My daughter Ivanka has been treated so unfairly by @Nordstrom. She is a great person -- always pushing me to do the right thing! Terrible! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 8, 2017
"This is a direct attack on his policies and her name," White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer later said of Nordstrom's move.
The tweet was sent at 10:51 a.m., 21 minutes after the president's daily intelligence briefing was scheduled to start.
Spicer said the president was "free at the time" when he tweeted.
The official Twitter account of the president, @POTUS, also retweeted the posting from his personal @realDonaldTrump account.
Spicer addresses Trump Nordstrom tweet: “This is a direct attack on his policies and her name” https://t.co/sRDFPughq9 — MSNBC (@MSNBC) February 8, 2017
The blowup comes six days after Nordstrom announced that it would not order Ivanka Trump's collection this season. The luxury department store chain denied that the move was in response to a #GrabYourWallet campaign orchestrated to get the stores to stop carrying the Trump brand in protest of her father's policies.
"We made this decision based on performance," a Nordstrom spokesperson told NBC News in an emailed statement. "Over the past year, and particularly in the last half of 2016, sales of the brand have steadily declined to the point where it didn't make good business sense for us to continue with the line for now.
"We've had a great relationship with the Ivanka Trump team," the spokesperson continued. "We've had open conversations with them over the past year to share what we've seen and Ivanka was personally informed of our decision in early January."
A spokesperson for Ivanka Trump told NBC News that the brand had been selling well and that the move was in response to pressure from advocacy groups — a claim Nordstrom denied.
"This was absolutely not political — it was exclusively based on the performance of the brand," a Nordstrom spokesperson told apparel site Refinery29. "Simply put, the performance has been difficult over the past year."
The retailer also denied that the move was related to an internal memo offering support and resources to employees affected by the president's executive order on immigration sent the day before.
The spokesperson for Ivanka Trump said that although the shoe order had been canceled and the line was pulled from the website, some of the spring collection would still be sold in stores. In a tweet, Nordstrom said customers will still see Ivanka Trump product in stores until it sells out.
@shannoncoulter Yes, we still have inventory on hand, so customers will continue to see product until it sells through. — Nordstrom (@Nordstrom) February 4, 2017
Other retailers have recently stepped back from carrying Ivanka Trump's products. Neiman Marcus has stopped selling her jewelry on its website. TJ Maxx instructed employees Wednesday to toss Ivanka Trump signage into the garbage and mix her clothes in with their regular sales racks, The New York Times reported.
Trump's tweet appeared in the middle of a news cycle that has Trump's travel order on majority Muslim countries facing a skeptical federal appeals court. Sen. Elizabeth Warren, D-Massachusetts, and her Democratic colleagues were also catching air time as they objected to Warren's being silenced in a Senate debate.
It will likely draw fresh attention to concerns over potential entanglements between Trump's family businesses and his presidential power.
Sen. Bob Casey, D-Pennsylvania, retweeted Trump, adding "CC: @OfficeGovEthics."
"It's an example of why Donald Trump and his family needed to step away, needed to make a more definitive break, and I think it's an abuse of the office of the presidency," Norman Eisen, former special counsel on ethics in administration of former President Barack Obama, told MSNBC.
"He's putting the bully in the bully pulpit to attack this company on dubious factual assertions in order to promote his daughter," Eisen said.
It's not the first time a single Trump tweet targeting a company has set off a firestorm. He sent Lockheed Martin's stock nose-diving when he tweeted about its F-35 fighter cost overruns, and he told people to go buy L.L. Bean when it drew criticism after the founder's granddaughter donated to one of the political action committees that supported his campaign.
The Trump social media effect is such that in the run-up to his inauguration, companies were recycling previously announced U.S. jobs to avoid his wrath, critics charged, in order to give him something to take credit for and tweet about.
Nordstrom's stock briefly ticked down after the president's tweet, then gained.
The scene of the incident where the El Cajon police officer was assaulted by a KFC restaurant.
A man who underwent a psychiatric evaluation after he allegedly knocked out an El Cajon police officer with his fists was found competent to stand trial Monday.
Prosecutors confirmed the results of a mental competency hearing for 42-year-old Daniel Cook. He allegedly attacked the police officer after he was confronted for a suspected robbery.
Cook faces five felony counts of assaulting a police officer, resisting arrest with force causing great bodily injury, robbery, possession of methamphetamine and being under the influence of that drug.
Previously, Cook pleaded not guilty in court.
The officer--a 28-year veteran of the department--was responding to a petty theft call when he was punched multiple times and knocked to the ground.
The incident took place around 10 a.m. on Monday, July 17. Witnesses reported a petty theft at the Dollar Tree on Fletcher Parkway, near Johnson Avenue. Police spotted Cook and followed him into a nearby KFC restaurant.
When police confronted him about the theft, a scuffle ensued. That's when Cook punched the officer repeatedly in the face until he fell unconscious.
Even after the officer was knocked out, Cook continued to attack him, witnesses said. He then fled the scene.
Cook was originally arrested and charged with attempted murder. After reviewing the case, the District Attorney formally charged him with assault on a police officer instead.
His bail was set at $500,000. Prosecutor Jeff Lazar said the bail was higher than the scheduled amount for these crimes.
Officers later apprehended Cook and he was booked into San Diego County Jail. The involved officer suffered serious head trauma and has been hospitalized. There was no update available on his current condition.
Cook will next appear in court on Dec. 20, and his preliminary hearing is set for Dec. 26. If convicted, Cook faces 62 years to life in prison.
An image of David Weaks posted to a Facebook page of a San Diego Unified School.
A San Diego man accused of distributing pornographic images of children including a toddler taught at two schools while employed within the San Diego Unified School District.
David Gordon Weaks, 59, of San Diego was arrested Thursday, the same day multiple computers and digital items were seized from Weaks' home.
According to federal court records, Weaks admitted he obtained and distributed child porn, when questioned by a Special Agent assigned to the Child Exploitation Group of U.S. Homeland Security Investigations. Weaks also admitted he was aware of and possessed child porn on his computer's external hard drive.
As of Tuesday morning, the website for Rosa Parks Elementary School still lists Weaks as a fifth-grade science teacher at the school.
City Heights Elementary Teacher Arrested for Child Porn
A teacher at Rosa Parks Elementary School in City Heights was arrested for possessing child pornography. NBC 7's Mackenzie Maynard is outside the school with the story. (Published Friday, April 20, 2018)
Prior to that, Weaks worked as a full-time teacher at Bayview Terrace Elementary School in Pacific Beach from November 1996 to June 2013. Bayview Elementary closed in 2014, according to public documents.
Investigators with the Department of Homeland Security say Weaks became a suspect in an investigation into child pornography in late March.
The investigation was looking into the distribution of child porn through an online peer-to-peer file sharing program.
Weaks' San Diego residence was identified through an IP address, according to prosecutors.
"Agents were able to download two videos directly from the IP address, both of which showed young minor females engaging in sex acts with adult males," authorities said in a news release Friday.
According to the complaint, one of the videos was approximately 30 minutes in length and includes images of an adult nude male and a female toddler wearing fishnet stockings and a sundress.
The complaint also claims a second video file with the phrase "pt 7yo-9yo-fullsex-spank" in the name is almost two hours in length and includes an adult male and prepubescent female.
Weaks admitted to sharing the files through the file-sharing program and knowing he had possession of child pornography on his external hard drive, federal agents said in the complaint.
Weaks will remain in custody while his attorney puts together a bail proposal acceptable to the prosecutor and the judge.
His attorney had no comment at a status hearing on Tuesday.
The next scheduled hearing is May 3.
Weaks' neighbors in Clairemont were shocked when they learned of the allegations against the man they say often donated his time, and labor, to others in the neighborhood who needed it.
The person who lives next door to Weaks said he is a father and grandfather.
A spokesperson for SDUSD said the district has been fully cooperating with federal authorities in the investigation.
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
This image taken from video, early Monday, Aug. 14, 2017, shows an armoured vehicle driving down a street after an attack in Ouagadougou, Burkina Faso. Suspected Islamic extremists opened fire at a Turkish restaurant in the capital of Burkina Faso late Sunday, killing at least 18 people in the second such attack on a restaurant popular with foreigners in the last two years. @Yabsi1er via AP)
Nov. 25 kicked off the annual 16 Days of Activism against Gender-based Violence. At no time has this work been more necessary than now. From rampant sexual harassment to sexual assault, domestic violence and sexual trafficking, women across the globe and in the U.S face gender-based violence at horrifying rates.
I'd like to start with my recent personal experience, although it was definitely not the first time I have experienced it in my 45 years. I share these experiences because while there has been important attention paid lately to men in power abusing women who are their subordinates in the workplace or other realms, it's essential to remember that “everyday” men also commit these same acts of sexual harassment, abuse, and assault. Not because their work position affords them any particular power over a woman but because the general sense that they are entitled to do and act as they please is prevalent in how many boys and men are socialized. Not long ago, I experienced unwanted sexual conduct from someone half my age. He had no social power over me other than the fact that he's a male in a culture in which some males are taught that things are theirs for the taking. Likewise, on my campus I have been catcalled by boys recently out of high school who feel entitled to yell repulsive things. A 15-year-old girl I know was harassed by much older men while wearing a caroling costume for a holiday event. This is ubiquitous, so normalized that people are surprised by all the allegations that are emerging. We should not be. Horrified, yes. Outraged, yes. But not surprised.
More: Dreamer, graduate student, urges DACA passage: Guestview
Here is why we should not be surprised: Statistics have long shown the scope of these problems. Studies have found that some one-third of American women experience sexual harassment in the workplace. According to the World Health Organization (WHO), nearly one-third of the world's women has endured physical or sexual intimate partner violence. Domestic violence kills more women worldwide than civil wars. Far more people in America, largely women, have been killed by their partners than were U.S forces in the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, combined. American women are twice as likely to suffer domestic violence as breast cancer. In the U.S., more women are injured from domestic violence than from car accidents, rapes, and muggings — combined. A woman in the U.S. is sexually assaulted every 98 seconds, according to the Rape, Abuse, and Incest National Network (RAINN). Women and young girls are sold into sexual slavery, not just overseas but on American soil. They are often recruited from websites like Backpage and Craigslist with promises of lucrative modeling or acting jobs. More than 3,500 sex trafficking cases were reported to the National Human Trafficking Resource Center in 2016, a figure that far underestimates the scope of the problem given that most instances are not reported and a girl can be trafficking multiple times per day.
Males in powerful positions are even more able to exploit and demean women and those they see as powerless, as these people fear they will lose their jobs, their reputation, and even their lives if they resist or if they tell anyone. This is tremendously clear with the spate of sexual harassment, misconduct and assault allegations being levied against politicians, media moguls, and celebrities, including but sadly not limited to Bill Cosby, Bill O'Reilly, Harvey Weinstein, Kevin Spacey, Matt Lauer, Garrison Keillor, Roy Moore, Al Franken and of course, Donald Trump.
What are we to do? The good news is there is a lot that is already happening. New laws are criminalizing revenge pornography, helping to stop males from sharing provocative photos and imagery as a means of controlling women. Women are speaking out about the harassment, abuse and assault and refusing to be silenced. Legal settlements like the recent one in Seattle that three women who were sold into sexual slavery when they were 13 to 15 years old were awarded against Backpage. Activists are continuing to strategize and build on the energy and momentum from last years' Women's marches.
In South Florida, I am fortunate to be able to work with a non-profit organization, No More Tears, which helps victims of many of these forms of gender-based violence. This unique organization is entirely volunteer-run and provides comprehensive services that allow victims to heal and to build happy and healthy lives. Additional information about No More Tears is available at www.nomoretearsusa.org. I am also co-organizer of the College Brides Walk, a dating and domestic violence awareness campaign that reaches several thousand high school and college youth. More information can be found at www.collegebrideswalk.com.
We know more such organizations are needed nationwide.
It is my hope that the increased conversation about these issues is indeed a cultural tipping point. Enough is enough.
Laura Finley teaches in the Barry University Department of Sociology and Criminology.
Read or Share this story: http://www.pnj.com/story/news/2017/12/11/we-need-cultural-shift-gender-based-violence-guestview/931630001/
Sponsored by:
Machine learning can be used to reduce risks related to environmental, health, employee safety, and quality (EHSQ) issues; in general, though, it must be used in conjunction with predictive analysis if it is to be most effective. How can organizations start thinking about the best ways to harness machine learning as the technology advances? Begin by looking at the business issues that are most critical and the challenges that most affect an organization, and plan for technology that will address those issues first, suggests David Vuong, project manager of analytics at Medgate, an EHSQ software solutions company.
Machine learning is using artificial intelligence to allow machines to “learn” without being explicitly programmed. Examples of this in everyday life include Netflix (when suggested movies that you might like pop up based on your viewing history) and Google (when you begin typing a search term and it finishes your sentence for you). But machine learning is quantitative and is not necessarily predictive analysis in its fullest form, says Vuong.
A predictive analytics program that harnesses machine learning capabilities, Vuong says, can use anonymous industry data and discover where risks related to EHSQ exist. EHSQ executives can then make decisions on how to reduce those risks, based on the available data. Within five years, companies that have systems connected via IoT will be able to benchmark themselves against others in their peer group, see correlations in their data that they may have not been aware of, and receive predictive and prescriptive insights that will help them improve their EHSQ programs, he says.
But in order to fully reap the rewards of machine learning and analytics in EHSQ, companies need to consider the best way to reach those goals early on. Companies should look at considerations such as security issues, the company's most pressing business problems, and, of course, the budget, said Stuart Payne of Gibson Energy during the recent Big Data, IoT and Machine Learning in Oil & Gas Conference.
But perhaps the biggest considerations when looking at the future of machine learning and analytics, in terms of how a company will be able to leverage those abilities in coming years, is to look at the organization's existing technologies and how they will interact with a new analytics program. Many companies are currently using a siloed approach to IoT, with various management systems working independently and not tied into each other. This could cause problems in the long run because it is difficult to pull data from the various systems together in order to analyze and use the data for EHSQ improvements. Carefully consider all new technology to ensure it can talk to other systems, thereby making it “future-proof” as well as scalable, Vuong suggests.
As machine-augmented decision making evolves and as organizations begin to take advantage of the technology, an EHSQ supervisor will be able to “see” and “hear” much more than before, leading to a more effective EHSQ team that can do more and miss less. “It will be a game changer,” Vuong says.
David Vuong is the Product Manager of Analytics at Medgate, where he oversees the product development roadmap for Medgate's Analytics solution. He joined the Product Management team as the Product Manager of Business Intelligence in March 2015, where he developed a long-term plan to elevate Medgate's Business Intelligence suite to world-class levels. Prior to Medgate, David was in the Business Intelligence industry for over five years where he led new and established best practices in data visualization and design. He has worked with clients in industries such as mining, telecommunications, and logistics.
The Federal Government has denied speculations that it was planning to increase VAT, income tax and others taxes, National Daily has gathered.
Responding to a comment by Sen. Ben Bruce at a public hearing of the Joint Session of the National Assembly on the 2017 Budget, Minister of Budget and National Planning, Sen. Udoma Udo Udoma disclosed that the FG is working towards increasing its internally generated revenue through broadening its tax base but has no intention of increasing taxes.
Udoma argued in his statement that Sen. Bruce had given the impression that the Federal Government was about to increase taxes, a development he said will further worsen the economic fortunes of individuals and businesses.
“There is no increase in VAT, there is no increase in company's income tax, there is no increase at all in taxes, but people who are not paying taxes must be made to pay. So the idea is to increase revenue by broadening the tax base, not by increasing taxes”.
Some economic experts who spoke at the session had advocated government spending its way out of recession, partnering the private sector to speed up growth, planning for sustainable development, working with the State governments for integrated development, involving relevant experts and consulting widely in planning, monitoring and evaluation projects, among others.
The Minister told the gathering, which also included Civil Society Organizations and private sector operators, that virtually all the views expressed by the speakers have been captured in the 2017 Budget.
“The concerns that have been expressed are reflected in the budget. The need to spend our way out of recession is reflected in the budget. The need to spend in a way that will attract private sector spending is also reflected in the budget. Indeed, the thrust of the budget is to partner with private and development capital to leverage and catalyse resources for growth.”
“If you look at housing we are putting in N100 billion but we are expecting another N900 billion from the private sector. If you look at the EPZ, we are putting in N50 billion but we are expecting a huge injection of funds from the private sector. So, this budget is aimed at achieving economic growth, aimed at achieving diversification, aimed at improving our competitiveness, aimed at improving ease of doing business, aimed at creating more jobs and social inclusion, and aimed at improving governance and security.”
According to him, the spending is targeted at areas that have quick transformative potentials such as infrastructure and agriculture, manufacturing, solid minerals and services.
By Lars Larson
Occasionally, the police have to shoot someone. Sometimes that ends a person's life. It's nearly always justified.
When you present a threat to police or bystanders, expect the officers to use force to stop that threat. That's what happened to Charleena Lyles of Seattle, who attacked two officers with knives and was shot and killed. A long investigation showed the officers acted properly. But now, the anti cop crowd wants to change the law and make it easier to sue police, even when they act within the law and within their department rules and training.
It's called Initiative 940 and it appears to have the almost 300-thousand signatures necessary to get it on the ballot. It's also a slap in the face to officers who put their lives on the line to protect the rest of us. Making it easier to sue police only makes trial lawyers happy, it also makes talented young men and women avoid policing as a career. It also makes those already wearing the blue uniform hesitate in dangerous situations. That's likely to send more innocent citizens and cops home in a box.
The post Lars Thoughts – The Left Wants To Make It Easier To Sue Cops, But It Could Endanger You appeared first on The Lars Larson Show.
The U.S. government's star witness in the trial over AT&T Inc.'s planned takeover of Time Warner Inc. admitted he erred in earlier testimony about data used to predict that the merger will raise pay-TV prices for consumers by hundreds of millions of dollars a year.
Professor Carl Shapiro of the University of California at Berkeley, whose report forms the backbone of the Justice Department's lawsuit to block the $85 billion merger, has repeatedly clashed with defense lawyers over the accuracy of the data used to predict the impact of the deal on competitors and customers.
Shapiro, who returned to court Tuesday as the last witness in the trial, was grilled about a data point he said was crucial to his findings and was dramatically contradicted for the second time.
He said a hypothetical blackout of Time Warner's Turner Broadcasting content at a competing pay-TV service would help AT&T's DirecTV unit retain at least 10 percent of the customers who otherwise would have considered switching. The prediction is one of many the U.S. has used to claim the merger will give the combined AT&T-Time Warner an unfair advantage.
AT&T and Time Warner claimed the 10 percent figure was the result of last-minute tinkering designed to bolster the government's case. Shapiro testified earlier in the antitrust trial that the figure -- taken from a consulting firm's study on behalf of Charter Communications Inc. -- hadn't been changed.
But on cross-examination by Daniel Petrocelli, the lead attorney for AT&T and Time Warner, Shapiro was shown evidence that the 10 percent prediction was originally 6 percent, and that the “final” number had been changed just around the time Charter was working with the Justice Department to block the merger.
Data Change
“Yeah, I made a mistake,” Shapiro said before clashing with Petrocelli on a number of alleged inconsistencies in the data he used. At one point in the exchange, U.S. District Judge Richard Leon interrupted Shapiro's defense of the data and asked him not to editorialize -- a bad sign for the Justice Department which has already struggled in the case.
Shapiro's use of the larger 10 percent number led to the conclusion that the AT&T-Time Warner deal would lead to higher prices for consumers. The lower figure would have resulted in no change, which he conceded on the stand. The academic said he stands by his report, noting that the dispute was over the low end of a range of numbers rather one set figure.
Petrocelli also showed Shapiro evidence that he'd used 2016 data in his report, when information from 2017 would have resulted in projections of smaller price increases. Again, Shapiro stood by his decision and said he was being criticized for being “conservative” in his calculations. Shapiro complimented Petrocelli for his “flare” in presenting evidence but said he stood by his calculations.
Lawyers for AT&T and Time Warner have portrayed the study used by Shapiro as unreliable because of an earlier last-minute change in which the predicted number of subscribers who would drop Charter during a blackout of Turner channels such as CNN and TBS was arbitrarily increased to 9 percent from 5 percent after the study was completed. In that case as well, the price increase in Shapiro's model would have been zero if he'd used the original number.
Bobby kush real name Imevbore Ohiomah is a record producer/ songwriter born in warri. Delta state. He is blessed with knowledge about the music and practices it. Determined, Talented and able to reach heights into music production and song writing.
http://tooxclusive.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/02/Bobby-Kush_Good-Mixed-By-Crisace.mp3
Bobby Kush – “Good”
The post Bobby Kush – “Good” appeared first on tooXclusive.
6:35 Video shown at SLO Chamber of Commerce dinner draws allegations of sexism Pause
0:28 Atascadero Creek threatens nearby home
1:44 SLO County rock climbers take on Cabrillo Peak
1:56 Baby elephant seals eat, sleep and cuddle with their moms at the crowded Piedras Blancas rookery
0:46 SUV pulled from Oceano Dunes creek crossing
1:02 Remembering David Fear: 'A Grover Beach hero'
0:40 Oroville dam break would flood almost 200,000 California residents in 7 hours
1:42 Water gushes at California's Lake Oroville dam
2:52 What you need to know about the massive Oroville dam emergency in California
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
MIAMI (CBSMiami/AP) — For decades, Cubans coming to America have enjoyed a protected status as they fled their homeland and the oppressive regime of then-leader Fidel Castro.
Now, tens of thousands of Cubans living here are adapting to a harsh new reality, they may face the same deportation risk as any other immigrants.
In the waning days of the Obama administration, changes were made that stripped them of a nearly automatic path to citizenship that had been offered since the 1960s. The change was part of a thaw in relations with Cuba, which also agreed to start accepting the return of more of its people who get deported.
Now some Cubans have been detained at routine appointments with immigration officials, and many more fear they could be imperiled by old deportation orders or caught up in the increased arrests of non-citizens pursued by President Donald Trump's administration.
“I wasn't prepared for any of this. How could I have seen this coming?” said Maykel Vargas, a Cuban who spent three months in detention after immigration officials took him into custody when he was trying to renew a temporary document. “I don't know what is going to happen.”
Anticipation is mounting about a White House announcement on Cuba planned for Friday and how it may affect business deals and leisure travel. But experts agree that Trump's new policy is not expected to restore previous immigration privileges. Any changes open the possibility that the Cuban government could scale back commitments on migration agreements, including promises to take back deportees.
Vargas, 37, worked as an Uber and Lyft driver to provide for his sister, who is single and pregnant. He said he couldn't afford the $700 required to apply for permanent residency, a much more complex process. He continues fighting deportation after being released Monday with an ankle monitor.
Hermes Vigoa, 46, wasn't even nervous when he showed up at an immigration office in Miami earlier this year to renew a temporary document he needed for his driver's license and car insurance while he completed the permanent residency process.
He arrived in the U.S. two years before Obama canceled to fast-track citizenship system. Cubans still have a path to residency if they find a way to arrive in the U.S. with a visa, but Obama ended the open-arms treatment to curb a recent immigration surge mostly through the Mexico border.
“I thought everything was fine until an officer told me, ‘You are in limbo' and told my girlfriend to take all my stuff because I was being detained,” Vigoa said. He was detained for a month before he was released, without explanation, to continue seeking a green card.
Immigration officials did not respond to requests for information on these cases.
In 1984, the nations agreed on a list of 2,746 Cubans who were alleged criminals and could be returned to the island. When the U.S. abandoned the “wet foot, dry foot” policy in January, the two nations agreed that the list could be revised to add other Cuban “marielitos” who were subject to active deportation orders.
“Marielitos” are children who came to the U.S. in the famous Mariel boatlift in 1980, when Castro allowed the departure of anyone who wanted to leave the Communist nation. About 125,000 “marielitos” crossed the Florida Straits that year.
Officials now say more than 36,000 Cubans currently face deportation orders. About 29,000 are convicted criminals and 7,000 non-criminal immigration violators, according to Immigration and Customs Enforcement.
Rudy Blanco was 8 when he was brought from the port of Mariel by his parents in 1980. He now has a family and owns a home-remodeling business in Perry, Florida. But because he was convicted of attempting to sell cocaine in 1998, he wasn't allowed to become a U.S. citizen and instead received an order of deportation by mail in 2005.
Blanco was allowed to stay as long as he made routine visits to ICE. However, he was arrested on May 9 and is now awaiting deportation. An ICE spokeswoman said only that the agency intends to deport him based on the 2005 order.
Blanco's wife, Shelly, said that both Florida Sen. Marco Rubio and the family's congressman, Rep. Neal Dunn, have told her they are trying to gather information on the case. Both men are Republicans.
Colorado Gov. John Hickenlooper, a Democrat, pardoned another Cuban immigrant for an armed robbery committed 19 years ago, in an effort to stave off his deportation. Rene Lima-Marin, 38, arrived as a toddler in the boatlift and 20 years later received a deportation order after his conviction.
Apart from the Mariel list, Cuba has agreed to review deportations on a case-by-case basis. Fifty-seven Cubans have been deported since October, while 335 were arrested between Jan. 22 and April 29.
Susan Eckstein, a sociology professor at Boston University, argues that Cubans' immigration privileges should end to make immigration policy more equitable for all foreign nationals.
“I would be very surprised if Trump changes Obama's policy because it is so consistent with his stance on immigration in general,” she said.
(© Copyright 2017 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved. The Associated Press contributed to this report.)
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- Family members say 37-year-old Tyrone Day is a doting dad who especially adores his two treasures: his 12 and 14-year-old sons. Day's family is hoping he survives after he was badly injured in an accident last week.
"He's a good father, a good citizen and he's very independent," said Falenthia Day about her son Tryone. "He's a good father and it's always about those boys. It didn't matter what type of job Tyrone had, he always took care of his sons."
"He's just a great father, son, nephew, brother. We all love him. It's just a hurtful thing to be going through right now," said Cynthia Day as she talked about the painful five days her family has had to endure.
Relatives tell FOX 4's Robert Townsend that Tyrone had plenty be excited about.
"He was getting ready to buy him a new car, and last Saturday he was looking forward to starting a new job at Jack's Stack Barbecue near Union Station," Day's family said.
However, just two days before he had hoped to start his new job as a dishwasher at Jack's Stack, he fell victim to an awful incident.
Witnesses told Kansas City police officers that on Thursday afternoon Tyrone ran across busy Prospect Avenue near East 73rd Street to try to catch a bus, when he suddenly darted in front of an oncoming, northbound blue SUV.
Witnesses also say Day hit the driver's front windshield extremely hard and then was tossed onto the sidewalk. Paramedics rushed to the scene and immediately started treating the injured father.
"It was really bad man. He must not have seen that car before it was too late. His head was bleeding a lot. I called 911 as soon as I could, " said one witness, who didn't want to tell FOX 4 his name.
"We think Tyrone had just left our family-owned diner where he also worked, and may have been heading to my daughter's place. We're not sure. I just know this is very tough on me. I've never experienced anything like this," said Falenthia Day.
Witnesses also say they saw police question the female driver of the SUV at the scene.
"They talked to her a long time. She was upset, too. I think they then took her down to police headquarters, but then later they brought her back to the scene. Her car was towed," said the witness.
By later afternoon, police still had not released any more information.
"It appears he, (Tyrone Day), was involved in an accident," said Officer Darin Snapp.
Falenthia Day says her son suffered several life-threatening injuries including a brain injury, other serious scars and is now on life support.
"My grandsons have been up to that hospital and they've seen their dad. They just can't take it. The boys are heartbroken. The doctors say there's nothing they can do and they don't think he's going to wake up. I want to give him more time," added Falenthia Day.
"I have a lot of faith in God and God has the final say, so I've left it in God's hands. I'm just hoping for a miracle right now," said Cynthia Day.
Experts advocate the two cities join force in formation of complementary advantages to foster international competitiveness
HONG KONG, CHINA--(Marketwired - Feb 15, 2017) - New research released today by the professors of The Chinese University of Hong Kong (CUHK) Business School's Center for Entrepreneurship (CfE) and Hong Kong Baptist University (HKBU)'s School of Business shows that entrepreneurship in Hong Kong and Shenzhen is on the rise.
A collaborative effort by CUHK CfE, HKBU School of Business, the University of Hong Kong's Faculty of Business and Economics, Shenzhen Academy of Social Science and Savantas Policy Research Institute, the research titled "Global Entrepreneurship Monitor (GEM) Hong Kong and Shenzhen Report 2016-17" provides a detailed analysis of the current status of entrepreneurship in Hong Kong and Shenzhen. The study compares the results with past indicators for both ecosystems and provides an international benchmark with 65 economies worldwide. It is part of the global initiative, Global Entrepreneurship Monitor (GEM), the world's foremost comparative entrepreneurship study and a trusted resource on entrepreneurship for key international organizations such as the United Nations, World Economic Forum, World Bank and more.
In the recent few years, Hong Kong and Shenzhen have experienced an explosive growth in the start-up support ecosystem. The GEM Hong Kong and Shenzhen Report 2016-17 shows that the start-up rates recorded a staggering increase in Hong Kong and Shenzhen from 2009 to 2016. In mid-2016, the early-stage entrepreneurial activity among the adult population was estimated at 9.44 percent (3.64 percent in 2009) in Hong Kong and 16.04 percent (4.8 percent in 2009) in Shenzhen. The growth has been driven by a rapid increase in Shenzhen's new* (+284 percent) and Hong Kong's growth in nascent** businesses (+206 percent) in comparison with 2009 statistics. The prevalence rates of established businesses recorded an increase as well: +389 percent for Shenzhen and +109 percent for Hong Kong. It is worth noting that while entrepreneurship rates are on the rise in Hong Kong and Shenzhen, they are declining in other places in China. Both cities have developed a separate start-up culture and entrepreneurial ecosystem that operate independently from the rest of the Mainland.
The positive changes were not limited to early entrepreneurship rates only. The research team also observed a major shift in attitudes and entrepreneurial intentions. In particular, 56.8 percent of the adult population perceives start-up opportunities in Hong Kong. In Shenzhen, the same proportion of individuals who declared they possessed necessary skills and knowledge to start a new business (35.8 percent), also reported their intention to start a business in the next two years (36 percent). Comparing to 2009, the population with entrepreneurial intentions in Hong Kong grew from 7.3 percent to 19.7 percent in 2016, representing an impressive increase of +170 percent. Similarly, in Shenzhen the intentions grew from 17.6 percent to 36 percent, an increase of +105 percent. According to the study, cultural conditioning and attitudes towards entrepreneurship, perception of own skills, and exposure to entrepreneurship practices all had a positive impact on intentions to start businesses. Successful entrepreneurs are also regaining their high status and are promoted by local media in Shenzhen and Hong Kong.
In terms of financial support, Hong Kong early-stage firms have lower capital requirements than that of their Shenzhen counterparts, which may be related to the lower technological intensity of Hong Kong firms. 92 percent of nascent entrepreneurs in the two cities declared that their principal source of financial support was their own savings. The role of the family in financing new ventures is still significant in Shenzhen, but not so much in Hong Kong. Banks are also more supportive of startups in Shenzhen than in Hong Kong and so are venture capitalists, which could be explained by a higher prevalence of start-ups with profound market impact. In Hong Kong, on the other hand, crowdfunding is more prevalent as the source of capital for early-stage businesses, a sign of a more established product innovation.
Aligned with higher entrepreneurship rates, the research team also found a growing culture of informal investors developing in both cities. Shenzhen observed a much higher informal investment prevalence rate (20.5 percent) than Hong Kong (6.5 percent) of the adult population. In fact, Hong Kong and Shenzhen informal investors were two of the most generous among all economies in the study with a contribution of US$70,565 and US$76,112 respectively. The study has also recorded a dramatic change in investment patterns for Shenzhen. While in 2009 individuals were rather investing in family members, in 2016, friends and neighbors had been the first choice which was aligned with that of Hong Kong.
In addition, the research team interviewed 39 Hong Kong and 37 Shenzhen experts in the field of entrepreneurship about their opinions on how the cooperation between Hong Kong and Shenzhen that would increase the cities' international competitiveness. The most frequent recommendation was to leverage the natural industry compatibilities between Hong Kong and Shenzhen. Other recommendations include:
Joint development of industries such as Internet-of-Things, Smart City, Health Tech, Edu Tech, Fintech or E-commerce
Joint R&D initiatives aiming at cross-border innovation, sharing of talents and intensification of knowledge exchange
Introduction of joint or cross-border education to develop a shared cultural understanding of each other through opening more world-class academic institutions catering to students from both sides of the border
Coordinating government policies for entrepreneurship between the two economies, e.g. joint visas for entrepreneurs that would facilitate cross-border operations of many start-ups
Prof. Kevin Au, Associate Director of CUHK CfE and Associate Professor of the Department of Management at CUHK Business School, says: "If Hong Kong and Shenzhen join forces in the formation of complementary advantages on entrepreneurship, it would strengthen the international and Mainland competitiveness for both. This can be the first step towards the development of the Hong Kong-Shenzhen megalopolis."
Dr. Marta K. Dowejko, Research Assistant Professor in Entrepreneurship of the Department of Management at HKBU School of Business, says: "Hong Kong and Shenzhen are facing a fantastic opportunity: that of being in the perfect position to build a highly unique and internationally competitive start-up hub with an unparalleled ecosystem compatibility between the two cities and a supportive informal investment culture. While Shenzhen's start-ups are well geared to deliver innovative ideas with high growth potential, Hong Kong's entrepreneurs possess the know-how in taking ideas to the next level and ensuring their long-term sustainability. The results from this year's GEM report give testament to this unique setup that no other place in the world has."
* 3 to 42 months old businesses
** in the process of starting up, less than three months old
About CUHK Business School
CUHK Business School comprises two schools -- Accountancy and Hotel and Tourism Management -- and four departments -- Decision Sciences & Managerial Economics, Finance, Management and Marketing. Established in Hong Kong in 1963, it is the first business school to offer BBA, MBA and Executive MBA programs in the region. Today, the School offers 8 undergraduate programs and 13 graduate programs including MBA, EMBA, Master, MSc, MPhil and PhD.
In the Financial Times Global MBA Ranking 2017, CUHK MBA is ranked 36th. In FT's 2016 EMBA ranking, CUHK EMBA is ranked 37th in the world. CUHK Business School has the largest number of business alumni (32,000+) in Hong Kong -- many of whom are key business leaders. The School currently has about 4,400 undergraduate and postgraduate students and Professor Kalok Chan is the Dean of CUHK Business School.
More information is available at: www.bschool.cuhk.edu.hk or by connecting with CUHK Business School on Facebook: www.facebook.com/cuhkbschool and LinkedIn: www.linkedin.com/company/cuhk-business-school.
About HKBU School of Business
Since 1956, HKBU School of Business has provided innovative business education to students from across the globe. We seek to inspire good business practice, create value for stakeholders, and enhance social and economic growth and development through our research on corporate sustainability issues, encompassing the areas of business ethics, corporate social responsibility and corporate governance.
About Faculty of Business and Economics, The University of Hong Kong
The Faculty of Business and Economics at The University of Hong Kong strives to nurture first-class business leaders and foster academic and relevant research to serve the needs of Hong Kong, China and the rest of the world in the new Asia-led economy. As Asia's premier international business school, FBE engages leading scholars from all corners of the globe and they instil in the students global knowledge with an Asian perspective. The Faculty attracts top students from Hong Kong and beyond. It admits the highest proportion of non-local undergraduate students amongst all Faculties at HKU. Three of its undergraduate programmes are ranked among the University's top 10 programmes.
The Faculty's full-time MBA programme has a strong Asia and China focus, and the programme has been ranked Asia's no. 1 in the World MBA Rankings released by the Economist Intelligence Unit (EIU) for seven consecutive years from 2010 to 2016. Students can opt for an overseas exchange opportunity to supplement their campus learning in Hong Kong: a London track at London Business School, a New York track at Columbia Business School or a Hong Kong/China track at Fudan University.
The Faculty also offers an elite EMBA Global Asia programme, jointly with CBS and LBS, for globally-focused senior executives and professionals. Its International MBA Programme, delivered in Shanghai in collaboration with Fudan University, was the first of its kind when it was launched in 1998.
FBE is fully accredited by the European Quality Improvement Systems (EQUIS). Its accounting and business programmes are also accredited by the Association to Advance Collegiate Schools of Business (AACSB).
Additional Information: www.fbe.hku.hk
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/hkubusinesseconomicsfaculty
Weibo: http://www.weibo.com/hkufbe
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/groups/5013122
About the Shenzhen Academy of Social Science
Established in July 1992, the Shenzhen Academy of Social Science (SZASS) is a subordinate unit of the Shenzhen Municipal People's Government. SZASS is a research institute of philosophy and social science, consisting of five research units: economy, social development, culture, political science and law, and international urban studies.
More information is available at: www.szass.com.
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: India takes stock after first phase of cash crunch
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
A 72-year-old woman was critically injured in a crash Tuesday night, according to Las Vegas Metro police.
Officers responded to the incident at 9:47 p.m. on Mojave Road and Sago Drive.
Citing evidence at the scene and the driver's statement, police said a 2006 Dodge Caravan was traveling north on Mojave approaching the intersection with Sago when a pedestrian who was crossing the road was struck by the Dodge. The pedestrian fell on the roadway and slid to a stop. The driver of the Dodge stopped the vehicle and called 911.
The pedestrian was taken to Sunrise Trauma Center with critical injuries, police said. No other injuries were reported.
An investigation is ongoing.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Destiny 2's ultimate challenge, the Prestige raid difficulty, has officially received a release date and time. If you are looking to participate in this event right as it starts then make sure you're ready this Tuesday, October10 at 10:00 a.m. PDT / 1:00 p.m. EDT. The Prestige raid will be at the recommended light level of 300, but we expect the first few encounters to start at around 280. This means if you aren't somewhere in the 290s then this is going to be a very difficult activity to complete, especially the father you traverse through the ship.
We also know that enemies will be far more difficult to kill and Bungie is even boasting in their blog post that they'll be smarter. However, the really intriguing part comes int he forms of new mechanics that will be introduced to the raid. For anyone who is a veteran of the first game, this should come as no surprise since the Hard versions of raids always switched things up. While we don't expect entirely new encounters, expect to have some current strategies flipped on their head.
If you are wondering what to run for the raid we suggest having your entire fireteam bring a few key weapons with them. The raid sword, It Stared Back, is absolutely terrific for killing the dogs in the Pleasure Gardens. Other power weapons like the Merciless and the Borealis are also fantastic weapons to bring in. Surprisingly the pre-order bonus Exotic, the Cold Heart, is absolutely fantastic for the final encounter in the raid.
Try to have all of your weapons at least 300 Light to ensure you are dealing a substantial amount of damage. The last thing you want is to get halfway through the raid and quit because your DPS (damage-per-second) output was suboptimal.
With only a few days left it will be interesting to see what tricks Bungie has up its sleeve. The Destiny 2 Leviathan Prestige mode raid begins on Tuesday, October 10 at 10:00 a.m. PDT / 1:00 p.m. EDT.
Lex The FT's daily guide to the corporate and financial stories that matter, giving you the tools to make better investment decisions.
Instant Insight Timely commentary and analysis to get the edge in understanding the implications of breaking stories as they unfold.
EM Squared is a premium data-driven news and anaylsis service on emerging markets, and now includes FT Confidential Research. EM Squared is a premium data-driven news and anaylsis service on emerging markets, and now includes Financial Times Confidential Research
Image caption
Russians in Britain suspected of corruption are being told to reveal how they live in luxury, the Times reports. The paper says the security minister's plans have come into force this week as part of a crackdown on organised crime. It adds the government estimates about £90bn of illegal cash is being laundered in the UK each year. Minister Ben Wallace told the paper he wanted to take advantage of the awareness harnessed by BBC drama McMafia and officials were prepared to use unexplained-wealth orders to freeze and recover property if assets could not be explained.
Report: Officer kills man who wounded 3 cops during South Elgin standoff
hello
A police officer shot and killed who wounded three police officers during a standoff in South Elgin that ended early Wednesday morning, the Chicago Tribune is reporting.
The standoff ended around 2:30 a.m. when an officer killed the man after he fired at officers, the Tribune is reporting.
The man shot the officers, who were responding to a disturbance call, around 10:50 p.m. Tuesday.
Three officers were taken to Presence Saint Joseph Hospital and one was taken to Advocate Sherman Hospital. All injuries were considered non life-threatening.
1:24 Gun dealer describes confusion, complexity in California's new gun laws Pause
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach
1:36 2016's worst red-light runners
1:07 The holidays are at home with the Fortinis
1:40 A look back at SLO startup Shopatron, as Kibo announces local layoffs
0:41 Cal Poly Rose Parade float heads to Pasadena under the cover of darkness
0:46 Nephew shares memories of David Fear, who died in Grover Beach dog attack
0:31 On election night, Heidi Harmon shared her goals for SLO
0:07 Timelapse video: Watch Cal Poly students decorate their 2017 Rose Parade float
STANFORD, Calif. — Stanford forward Reid Travis has pulled out of the NBA draft and will transfer for his final year of eligibility.
Travis said Wednesday that he decided to stay in college after testing the draft process but will finish his career at another school. Travis will be eligible immediately as a graduate transfer.
Travis has been selected to the All-Pac-12 team twice. He ranks seventh in Stanford history with 1,427 points and 10th with 758 rebounds. He ranked third last season in the Pac-12 in both scoring (19.5 points per game) and rebounding (8.7 rpg).
Travis missed the final 22 games in 2015-16 with a leg injury and had his medical hardship petition granted by the NCAA last May.
Brock Lesnar announced his retirement from MMA on Tuesday, a career that, in many ways, was defined by what never was. Lesnar came into MMA late, and when he did, his reign at the top was short-lived. Not through any fault of his own: A recurring digestive disease became too much to for him to deal with so he stepped away from the sport in 2011, just four years after his first fight in the octagon.
But even in his short time, Lesnar gave the UFC world some legendary memories, none better than his bout with Frank Mir in UFC 100.
In just the second UFC fight of his career, Lesnar was pitted against Mir, who won the bout with the submission of the night — one the UFC itself ranked as the fourth-best in the sport's history. Mir looked like he was about to snap Lesnar's leg off at one point; you can watch the moment at 7:28 in the video below.
Ouch.
Lesnar had to wait more than a year to get his revenge, but get his revenge he did.
1:48 into the second round of the highly-anticipated bout, Lesnar pinned Mir to the floor and hit him with a series of punches so hard that it forced his submission. You can see it at 1:27 in FOX's video below.
Ouch again.
Looking back, it was Lesnar at his very best. The high point of one of the most exciting UFC careers to date.
Despite the cloudy weather and rain that was experienced over the Easter weekend, there were some sunny moments as well.
The region desperately needs rain, so nodbody will be complaining too much about the adverse weather.
And the early birds would still have been treated to a spectacular sunrise or two.
St Francis Bay photographer, Clive Wright captured this image of a sunrise over the Kromme River.
Staff at Tesco Kingsway in Dundee have presented The ARCHIE Foundation with a cheque for £1,500.
The store raised the money through sales of Oor Wullie Bucket Trail calendars.
Tesco employee Sarah Coutts-Patience said: “We sold our Oor Wullie Calendars in December from the shop floor to our colleagues and customers for £10 each.
“We sold 500 copies easily, as everyone loved them and made £5,000, which was great.”
She added: “We gave £1,500 to Tesco's charities of the year, which are Diabetes UK and the British Heart Foundation, and we donated £1,500 to The ARCHIE Foundation.”
The foundation is the official charity of Tayside Children's Hospital in Dundee.
Picture shows (from left) Martin Lindsay (D.C. Thomson), Gavin Cruickshank (Tesco), Ruby Young (Tesco), Emma White (The ARCHIE Foundation), Sarah Coutts-Patience and Jenny Allison (Tesco).
Rosemont hotel gets $10 million renovation
hello
ROSEMONT -- The Dow Hotel Co. has completed a $10 million renovation of the Embassy Suites by Hilton Chicago O'Hare Airport -- Rosemont.
The renovation enhanced virtually all aspects of the hotel located across from the Donald E. Stephens Convention and Conference Center. Guest rooms received fresh softgoods, upholstered furniture and artwork. All guest baths gained new tiling, while some were converted to stand-up showers. Public spaces were completely redone, including alterations to the atrium, pool, fitness center, lobby, elevators and employee locker rooms. The business center was upgraded to Embassy Suites by Hilton's Connectivity Zone with modern furniture. The two executive boardrooms received new tables, wood work, refrigerators and televisions. Exterior hotel improvements range from building enhancements to completely redone landscaping.
"With the conclusion of this top-to-bottom renovation, the hotel has achieved 'like-new' status, making it competitive with any product on the market," said Murray L. Dow II, founder and president of Seattle-based DHC. "In the last 19 years, DHC has overseen 20 renovations of similar scope. The property is positioned to provide experiential travel to upscale business and leisure guests who want something more than the 'typical' big-box stay."
Hotel amenities include twenty-two conference rooms with connecting suites, a seven-story garden atrium, fully-equipped fitness center, indoor pool and complimentary shuttle service to and from O'Hare Airport. Each of the hotel's newly renovated, two-room suites features a private bedroom and a separate, well-equipped living room. The living area includes a full-sized sofa bed, workstation and ergonomic chair.
NHS Tayside is spending more than £1 million each year on prescribing “everyday” drugs such as paracetamol, new figures have revealed.
Information obtained by the Tele showed that between April 2013 and January 2017 the health board spent more than £5.3m on prescribing paracetamol, aspirin and ibuprofen to patients.
Just over half of the 1.6m prescriptions issued were for paracetamol, 36% were for aspirin and the remaining 13% were for ibuprofen.
In all, the board spent at least £1.3m each year from 2013/14 to 2015/16, and the most recent figure showed it had spent £1.1m in 2016/17.
Paracetamol, ibuprofen and aspirin are available in most pharmacies and supermarkets for as little as 20p.
However, David Gill, lead clinician in pharmacoeconomics at NHS Tayside — who examines the value of prescription drugs — said many prescriptions varied from their off-the-shelf counterparts and couldn't be directly compared.
In addition, not every prescription written by medics is collected by a patient and doesn't count towards the overall spend.
Mr Gill said: “Currently 80% of patients prescribed medications such as paracetamol in Tayside are either children or are over 60 years of age.
“Medications such as aspirin, paracetamol and ibuprofen will be prescribed in a variety of formulations and strengths not necessarily available over the counter such as those in liquid preparation form.
“For example, the main use of aspirin is not as a painkiller but as part of prevention of heart disease.
“Daily costs of aspirin for this use per patient are similar to other drugs such as common blood pressure lowering medicines and statins.
“The number of tablets provided per prescription will vary and therefore it would not be possible to make a cost comparison with a single unit of over the counter bought medications.”
John O'Connell, chief executive of the TaxPayers' Alliance, said care had to be taken to ensure “unnecessary” prescriptions were not being dispensed.
He added: “While there may be some cases where they are necessary, far too often prescriptions are provided for drugs available to buy off the shelf at a fraction of the cost at pharmacies.
“Hardly a day goes by without someone calling for more money to be put into the NHS.”
Kidsafe Collaborative, a nonprofit organization dedicated to ending child abuse, will hold its 12th annual giant Community Yard Sale in the Blue Ribbon Pavilion at the Champlain Valley Expo Saturday 8 a.m. to 4 p.m. and Sunday 10 a.m. to noon.
The free event will have more than 150 tables full of new and used items, including antiques, collectibles, books, toys, electronics, rugs, furniture, clothing, housewares, and much more.
Money from the sales will support Kidsafe's programs to prevent child abuse. Donations will be accepted today between 8 a.m. and 7 p.m. and Friday between 8 and 10 a.m.
To volunteer, sign up online at signup.com/go/dOMhtqZ.
Information: kidsafevt.org or contact Tina at kidsafe@kidsafevt.org.
INNISFIL, Ont. — Police say a man is out thousands of dollars after being scammed into thinking he was doing a favour for the CEO of his company.
South Simcoe police say the man received an email from someone claiming to be the CEO of the Innisfil, Ont., company, asking him to purchase a large number of iTunes gift cards to give out to clients.
Investigators say that while he was making the purchases at one store, a clerk asked if this was for Canada Revenue Agency, thinking the man was a victim of a common scam in which victims are asked to pay a fake tax bill with iTunes cards.
After buying more gift cards at two other locations, the man became suspicious due to persistent texting from the suspect.
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
TV studio ABC has pulled the plug on “Roseanne”, one of their most successful sitcoms after its lead star Roseanne Barr made a racist tweet about former President Barack Obama's senior adviser Valerie Jarrett.
Barr used Jarrett's initials and wrote, “Muslim brotherhood & planet of the apes had a baby.”
“Roseanne's Twitter statement is abhorrent, repugnant and inconsistent with our values, and we have decided to cancel her show,” ABC Entertainment President Channing Dungey said in a statement, posted on Twitter.
Barr tried to do damage control by tweeting an apology where she admitted that the joke was in poor taste and possibly a side effect of sleeping pills.
“I apologize to Valerie Jarrett and to all Americans. I am truly sorry for making a bad joke about her politics and her looks. I should have known better. Forgive me my joke was in bad taste,” she said as she announced that she was quitting Twitter.
But the damage was already done as the network ended the show while her agency, ICM, dropped her as a client.
The cast members of the show also criticised Barr's tweet, explaining that it did not reflect their views.
“Roseanne's recent comments about Valerie Jarrett, and so much more, are abhorrent and do not reflect the beliefs of our cast and crew or anyone associated with our show. I am disappointed in her actions, to say the least,” co-star Sara Gilbert tweeted.
Gilbert expressed her sorrow over the show's demise in another tweet. She said, “This is incredibly sad and difficult for all of us, as we've created a show that we believe in, are proud of, and that audiences love- one that is separate and apart from the opinions and words of one cast member.”
Another actor, Emma Rose Kenney, tweeted, “I am hurt, embarrassed, and disappointed. The racist and distasteful comments from Roseanne are inexcusable.”
Writer Wanda Sykes quit the show via Twitter while executive producer Tom Werner, who had produced the original and was a key figure in its revival, supported ABC's decision to end the show.
The network had already ordered a second season of “Roseanne”, which was one of the most-watched shows on TV.
The show dealt with contemporary issues like Donald Trump's election as the US President, illegal immigration, and Muslim-Americans.
It returned for a 10th season in March this year after a hiatus of two-decades to great viewership on ABC, pulling in over 18 million viewers on its premiere.
Barr, who is a vocal Trump supporter, even received a congratulatory message from the President.
'Black-ish' star can't stand millennials "All I'm saying is everybody's drawing can't go on the refrigerator," Deon Cole said.
‘Black-ish' daughter takes clever turn in Freeform spinoff Zoey Jackson, the eldest daughter on ABC's “Black-ish,” has enrolled in college — and gotten her own series. It's called “Grown-ish” and her major is dating. While enrolled in a...
'Grown-ish' star: 'Fake college' is prepping me for the real thing “Grown-ish” Wednesday, 8 p.m., Freeform “Black-ish” star Yara Shahidi isn't even in college yet, but her spinoff sitcom, “Grown-ish” — featuring her university-bound character, Zoey Johnson — is giving her...
Your guide to movies and TV shows to watch on Christmas Day is a good time to curl up on your couch and watch some TV. From family-friendly movies to marathons of your favorite shows, there's a lot on the...
Jenifer Lewis slaps back personal woes to keep the laughs coming “Black-ish” star Jenifer Lewis may be proof that laughter is the best medicine. The 60-year-old stage, film and television vet says she has always spread as much cheer as possible....
'Black-ish' star scammed by con artist — and now her character will be, too Black-ish Tuesday, 9 p.m., ABC On this week's episode of the ABC sitcom “Black-ish,” habitually scheming matriarch Ruby (played by Jenifer Lewis) gets swindled by a scam artist targeting senior...
Yara Shahidi feels support for her 'Black-ish' spinoff “What I . . . appreciate is that people support me, but at the same time they support my character, Zoey, as well,” she told Page Six.
Yara Shahidi is headed to Harvard The "Black-ish" star won't start at the Ivy League school until the fall of 2018.
By Scott T. Sterling
Lil Yachty and Young Thug have teamed up for a wild new party video, “On Me.”
Related: Lil Yachty Hits the Beach for ‘Better' Video
Filmed at the Ace Hotel in New York City, the video follows the pair as they frolic in a room filled with people who seem rather disinterested in the rappers trading verses from the song and more focused on playing with fidget spinners.
The visual includes plenty of surreal moments, including an older woman doing yoga and a magician. Offset from Migos also has a cameo.
The true star of the video is a cute puppy who gets plenty of screen time throughout the clip.
“On Me” is taken from an upcoming Quality Control compilation, Control the Streets Volume One.
Check out the new clip, which contains some explicit language and imagery, now at Radio.com.
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Tech's latest innovations struggle to live up to the hype
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Kartik Aaryan is on cloud nine after the success of Sonu Ke Titu Ki Sweety. The film has entered the prestigious club of Rs 100 crore and the actor is extremely happy with the positive response.
In a recent interview to DNA, Kartik Aaryan revealed that after playing a grey character in Sonu Ke Titu Ki Sweety, he wants to do a character like Shahrukh Khan in Baazigar. He said, ''I would love to do a character like Shah Rukh Khan in Baazigar, and say those lines. Apart from that, my primary focus would be on doing youth centric cinema.''
When asked, ''How different experience it was for you as Sonu, from the Pyaar Ka Punchnama films?'' He said, ''Playing Sonu was completely different. I have never played a character like this. It had some grey shade, but still, it was appreciated; doing this, was the trickiest part of Sonu. I had to cross those hurdles, because somewhere you would feel ye galat hai... Yet, people started rooting for Sonu. Because, at the end of the day, this film was more about friendship.''
The handsome actor added, ''Whatever character I play, I start behaving like that in real life. I became extra decisive in real life. I could relate with Sonu a little. I think sab mein Sonu hota hai, to an extent. Aur ab jab mere andar Sonu aa gaya hai, toh wo jaa hi nahi raha hai.''
Kartik also revealed why SKTKS does not have a monologue in it, ''I was romancing my character in this film. (laughs) There are very few films in which hero doesn't have a love interest. But then I had so many shades to play, and I enjoyed doing that. Coming to monologue, this had become a pet question of every single person, "will it have one?". We chose not to take the monologue in this one, and I am glad it worked!''
Talking about his looks, he said, ''Now that I have a box-office success, these things come added to it. Bina achha kaam kiye, looks wouldn't matter! I worked on these for my movie only; this reinvention is an add-on to my work. I worked on my body, I am fitter now, and things are slowly getting aligned. Maine jo paudhe ko pani diya tha, it is finally bearing fruit now. ''
Also Read: Soha Ali Khan Not Happy With Inaaya & Taimur's Comparison; Says It Is Ridiculous
Hungary plans to detain asylum seekers in shipping containers
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
An increase in swell at Jeffreys Bay was just what was required on a busy second day at the Billabong SA Junior Champs where surfers in eight different divisions produced exciting performances as they challenged for national titles and team points.
The Under 18 boys were the first in the line-up today and Joshe Faulkner (Nelson Mandela Bay) kicked off things in spectacular fashion by winning his heat with a total of 16.16 out of 20 that included a couple of scores in the excellent range.
Luke Malherbe (Buffalo City) was on fire on his backhand, finding a couple of the day's biggest waves and producing a near-perfect nine point rides. That was matched by Kody Oberholzer (eThekweni) who used his entire repertoire of forehand manoeuvres on the long JBay walls.
Surprise of the round was dark-horse Samuel Loppknow representing host district Nelson Mandela Bay who used all his local wave knowledge to pull off an impressive win over highly rated Calvin Goor from the Ilembe district team making their debut at the SA Junior Champs.
Kai Woolf (Nelson Mandela Bay), who is chasing the U16 girls title after winning the U15's last year, was determined to steal the boy's thunder and absolutely dominated her heat with a pair of high nine point rides that rewarded her vertical backhand attack.
S'nenhlanhla Makhubu (eThekweni), who has just returned from competing in the ISA World Junior Champs in Japan, also delivered a classy performance on her backhand.
Last year's SA Champ U17 girls champion Kirsty McGillivray (Nelson Mandela Bay) kept her campaign for back-to-back titles rolling in the U18 girls by producing a heat total in the high teens, carving her way to a 9.6 and backing it up with an 8.5.
“The waves were really fun,” enthused the JBay local. “I picked up a great set wave that just gave me so much space to do turns.”
By midday the onshore wind was freshening but JBay's perfect geography ensured running waves for the surfers in the cutthroat 15 minute repercharge round heats.
Aya Gericke (Eden) and Tye Findlay (Buffalo City) were impressive in moving through to Round 3 of the U16 boys, while Matt O Brian (Buffalo City) and Declan Fiet (Cape Winelands) were among those who will compete in the next round of the U14 boys.
The Ugu district team were glad to see their U18 boys Tyler May, Senzo Shange and Dirkus Lubbe all escape the repercharge rounds and remain in contention for higher honours at the country's premier event for surfers 18-and-under.
The U14 girls showed style and grace in their Round 2 encounters with Jess Powell (Ugu) and Chanel Shaw (Eden) advancing after a great heat.
And the U12 boys wrapped up a long day with Joel Fowles (Buffalo City), Josh Van Wyk (Cape Town Surfriders), Ben Ribbink (eThekweni) and Ntokozo Maphumulo (Development Team) all stoked to progress to Round 3.
Alongside the individual titles at stake in the individual U12, U14, U16 and U18 boys and girls divisions, there are teams from eight districts plus the SA Development Academy competing for the coveted Freedom Cup.
Pictured: Kai Woolf (Nelson Mandela Bay) shows the form that earned her two scores in the nine point range on Day 2 of the Billabong SA Junior Champs pres. by BOS at Jeffreys Bay today
Photo: Billabong / McGregor
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Email
More
Google
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Tumblr
The Tennessee champions finished third in the 11-team double-elimination tournament, the furthest a Lebanon team has advanced in a national tournament.
Lebanon, which lost to South Carolina 10-0 Monday, finally reached the Palmetto State champs for scores when Brody Hays hit a two-out homer put the Americans on the board in the top of the first inning. Jaylen Abston reached on an infield single and scored on Wyatt Bowling's liner to center for a 2-0 lead before Tennessee left the bases full.
Bowling, Lebanon's starting pitcher, stranded South Carolinians at the corners in the bottom of the first before enjoying a quick second.
Jackson Lea singled and scored on Connor Gannon's double to left for a 3-0 lead in the third.
But Lebanon scored no more despite getting runners on base until the fifth.
South Carolina scored in the bottom of the fourth and put three across in the fifth.
Prior to this year, Kevin Gaines-coached teams in 2007 and '16 finished in the final four of the World Series. Scott Sorce's 2014 state champions went 1-2 in the World Series.
A judge declined to set bond for an Ohio man during his first court appearance after allegedly ramming a vehicle into a crowd of people demonstrating against a white supremacist rally Saturday in Charlottesville, Va.
Charlottesville resident Heather Heyer was killed, and at least 19 other people were in injured in the attack.
The Charlottesville Police Department said Saturday that James Alex Fields Jr., 20, of Maumee, Ohio, was charged with one count of second-degree murder, three counts of malicious wounding and one count of hit-and run.
During today's Charlottesville court hearing, as NPR's Debbie Elliott reports, Fields "appeared by video from jail, dressed in a gray and white-striped prison jumpsuit."
Fields told Judge Robert Downer that he could not afford a lawyer. "Downer assigned a court-appointed attorney to represent Fields, and set another hearing for Aug. 25," Debbie adds. "Until then, the judge said, Fields would remain in jail with no bond in part because he has no ties to the area."
The Associated Press adds that the judge told the court that the "public defenders' office informed him it could not represent Fields because a relative of someone in the office was injured in Saturday's protest."
U.S. stocks fell on Tuesday, with major indexes retreating from early highs as a rise in bond yields provided another reason for caution at a time when the first-quarter earnings season is failing to excite investors, despite some strong reads from corporate America.
While the earnings season remained in full swing, with results from a number of major firms, the tone was generally negative, with several bellwether stocks slumping despite posting numbers that were ahead of analyst forecasts.
What are markets doing?
The Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, -1.20% dipped 130 points to 24,317, a decline of 0.2%. The S&P 500 index SPX, -0.81% fell 2 points to 2,668, a loss of 0.1%. The Nasdaq Composite Index COMP, -1.43% declined by 32 points, or 0.5%, to 7,097.
If the Dow closes in negative territory, that will mark its fifth straight negative session, its longest such streak since March 2017. The Nasdaq is threatening its fourth straight down day, its longest streak since February.
Financial stocks were among the strongest performers of the day, with the industry up 1%. While rising bond yields are seen as a headwind to the overall market because they push up borrowing costs for American corporations, banks generally benefit as higher yields and interest rates can support their net interest margins, which in turn lifts their profits.
What is driving the market?
Trading in the stock market has been heavily influenced by U.S. bond yields, and that theme re-emerged as the 10-year Treasury rate TMUBMUSD10Y, +0.06% touched the psychologically important 3% handle on Tuesday and hit a four-year high. Yields and debt prices move in opposite directions.
Read: Stock havens take it on the chin as bond yields rise
Earnings were also a major focus, with a deluge of high profile companies reporting results before the open. The season has so far been strong, and more than 80% of the S&P 500 companies reporting so far have beaten profit forecasts. While that's above the 73% that beat in the fourth quarter of 2017, better-than-expected results often haven't been enough to lift shares thus far this season.
What are strategists saying?
“Crossing 3% on the 10-year is something that will certainly raise concerns, but at this stage of the cycle, higher yields aren't antithetical to rising stock prices. For the time being I think we're fine, but we're certainly keeping an eye on the yield curve, especially if the Fed becomes more aggressive,” said Bruce McCain, chief investment strategist at Key Private Bank. “Ultimately earnings remain the primary driver, along with the fact that the economy is still in pretty good shape.
Hussein Sayed, chief market strategist at FXTM, said that “the 3% by itself is just a psychological level and not a significant threat, but if a break above leads to further selling in Treasury bonds, that's going to be a serious warning signal for equity bulls. With a current world running on A.I and algorithms, a selloff may look ugly.”
What stocks are in focus?
United Technologies Corp. UTX, -0.90% raised its guidance for the full year after releasing first-quarter earnings that blew past estimates. Shares rose 0.9%.
Coca-Cola Co. KO, -1.93% reported earnings that slightly beat expectations, but the stock fell 1.9%.
Caterpillar Inc. CAT, -4.48% surged 3% after the maker of construction and mining equipment reported first-quarter profit and sales that were well above expectations. On the downside, 3M Co. MMM, -8.32% fell 7% as the company said its full-year earnings would be lower than previously expected.
Shares of Alphabet Inc. GOOGL, -5.24% GOOG, -4.91% sank 3.9% even after the Google parent late Monday reported earnings ahead of analyst estimates.
Read: Google made a lot more profit, and spent a LOT more money—here's why
Travelers Cos. Inc. TRV, -3.38% lost 3.6% before the open after its first-quarter earnings missed forecasts.
Verizon Communications Inc.'s VZ, +2.14% stock rose 2% after the company announced better-than-expected results for its March quarter.
Freeport-McMoRan Inc. FCX, -14.22% fell 9% after the company reported first-quarter earnings and revenue that missed expectations.
Eli Lilly & Co. LLY, -0.32% rose 1% after raising its 2018 profit guidance.
Harley-Davidson Inc. HOG, +2.62% reported revenue and earnings that came in above analyst expectations. Shares were up 0.1%.
PulteGroup Inc. PHM, +3.37% gained 5% after reporting strong first-quarter results.
Sanmina Corp. SANM, +17.87% rallied 22% after the electronics maker late Monday reported profit and sales above Wall Street estimates.
U.S.-listed shares of SAP AG SAP, +3.35% SAP, +3.25% climbed 3.6% after the German software giant raised its outlook for 2018 to reflect the acquisition of Callidus Software Inc. and a strong first-quarter operating performance.
What economic data are in focus?
The S&P/Case-Shiller national index rose a seasonally adjusted 0.5% and was up 6.3% compared with a year ago in February, hitting a four-year high.
U.S. consumer confidence index rose to 128.7 in April from 127, while new-home sales were at a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 694,000 in March, the Commerce Department said.
See: MarketWatch's economic calendar
What are other markets doing?
Asian markets closed mostly higher, with Chinese stocks getting a lift from the government announcing deeper economic and market reforms.
Stocks in Europe are also trading higher, with the Stoxx Europe 600 index SXXP, -0.02% up 0.1%.
Oil prices slipped slightly, with Brent LCOM8, +0.01% briefly breaking above $75 a barrel and trading around its highest level since November 2014.
Gold rose GCM8, +0.66% while the ICE U.S. Dollar Index DXY, -0.16% was flat.
In 2014, Victoria Osteen, wife of mega-church pastor Joel Osteen, made a very controversial statement. She said:
“I just want to encourage every one of us to realize when we obey God, we're not doing it for God — I mean, that's one way to look at it — we're doing it for ourselves, because God takes pleasure when we're happy. That's the thing that gives Him the greatest joy. So, I want you to know this morning: Just do good for your own self. Do good because God wants you to be happy. When you come to church, when you worship Him, you're not doing it for God really. You're doing it for yourself, because that's what makes God happy. Amen?”
The joy of the Lord
It's true that the Christian can find happiness in serving God, but even atheists obtain happiness by singing songs, doing charity work, and helping others. This sort of happiness is based on wellbeing and personal achievement. It is not to be confused with the ‘joy of the Lord', which is a faith-based joy unrelated to positive circumstances.
“Now faith is the substance of things hoped for, the evidence of things not seen.” – Hebrews 11 v 1
“But without faith it is impossible to please him: for he that cometh to God must believe that he is, and that he is a rewarder of them that diligently seek him.” – Hebrews 11 v 6
Faith is the belief in what we cannot see, the trust in God's promises towards us. It is the opposite of hoping for happiness in this world; it is the hope of happiness in the world to come.
We read in the New Testament that the early Christians experienced joy in the most trying of circumstances. For example, the following passage describes how the Apostles Paul and Barnabas suffered persecution:
“But the Jews stirred up the devout and honourable women, and the chief men of the city, and raised persecution against Paul and Barnabas, and expelled them out of their coasts. But they shook off the dust of their feet against them, and came unto Iconium. And the disciples were filled with joy, and with the Holy Ghost.” – Acts 13 v 50-52
In this passage, it's obvious that Paul and Barnabas failed to turn the people to Christ, suffered ill treatment, and were thrown out of the city; therefore, any joy they experienced was certainly not due to their state of wellbeing or personal achievement. Rather, they had joy in knowing that through suffering in doing God's work they would have a reward in heaven:
“Blessed are ye, when men shall revile you, and persecute you, and shall say all manner of evil against you falsely, for my sake. Rejoice, and be exceeding glad: for great is your reward in heaven: for so persecuted they the prophets which were before you.” – Matthew 5 v 11-12
In the Old Testament, God sent the prophets to his people many times, telling them to cease from wickedness, and to follow God's ways. The people would often turn against the prophets, whose lives were usually filled with suffering and death. If God is happy when we are happy, why would he allow his prophets to suffer so greatly? Moreover, we are told that all who do God's work face persecution and tribulation:
“These things I have spoken unto you, that in me ye might have peace. In the world ye shall have tribulation: but be of good cheer; I have overcome the world.” – John 16 v 33
The joy that the Christian should experience is not in things that give us pleasure in this world, it is the joy that is found in our hope of heaven:
“Again, the kingdom of heaven is like unto treasure hid in a field; the which when a man hath found, he hideth, and for joy thereof goeth and selleth all that he hath, and buyeth that field.” – Matthew 13 v 44
If we treasure the things of God, in order to obtain salvation we will sacrifice everything we have, along with worldly security and pleasures. The things of this world pale in comparison to that which we shall receive in heaven. Our joy should be in things eternal, not of this world.
Happiness in this world
Happiness is a good thing, and God certainly doesn't demand that we spend our lives miserable. The Bible doesn't say that happiness is wrong, but tells us not to focus on the pursuit of happiness in this world, and not to put our lives in this world before God:
“Love not the world, neither the things that are in the world. If any man love the world, the love of the Father is not in him. For all that is in the world, the lust of the flesh, and the lust of the eyes, and the pride of life, is not of the Father, but is of the world. And the world passeth away, and the lust thereof: but he that doeth the will of God abideth for ever.” – 1 John 2 v 15-17
We are clearly told not to be selfish, but to be humble and care about the needs of others, rather than living life purely to please ourselves:
“Let nothing be done through strife or vainglory; but in lowliness of mind let each esteem other better than themselves. Look not every man on his own things, but every man also on the things of others.” – Philippians 2 v 3-4
Following Christ is to sacrifice a life centred around worldly pleasure in order to gain eternal salvation:
“And he said to them all, If any man will come after me, let him deny himself, and take up his cross daily, and follow me. For whosoever will save his life shall lose it: but whosoever will lose his life for my sake, the same shall save it. For what is a man advantaged, if he gains the whole world, and lose himself, or be cast away?” – Luke 9 v 23-25
If we focus on our happiness in this word then we are less likely to stand up against persecution, and are more likely to compromise our faith and turn against the word of God. With such emphasis on our happiness, it is no wonder that modern Christians have rejected the Bible as the infallible word of God. Many Christians have accepted things going against the Bible in order to fit in with the secular world view – to avoid persecution.
Do all for the glory of God
Osteen's statement really claims that God's ultimate aim is for our happiness in this world, and that our outlook on life should be self-centred. It is saying that singing to God or doing good should not be done to glorify God, making out that glorifying God is unimportant. She is saying that the main reason we should do the things God tells us to do is because it will give us pleasure. This attitude is becoming prevalent in the modern Church, but goes completely against the Bible.
Concerning the singing of praises to God, the word ‘praise' means to express respect and gratitude. Praising God should not be done with the objective of making oneself happy, it should be to express honour and thankfulness to God. If we become the focus, rather than God, then it is no more than gratification-seeking, looking for a pleasurable and emotional experience, which is no different than taking recreational drugs.
“Whether therefore ye eat, or drink, or whatsoever ye do, do all to the glory of God.” – 1 Corinthians 10 v 31
“Let your light so shine before men, that they may see your good works, and glorify your Father which is in heaven.” – Matthew 5 v 16
The Bible clearly tells us that, rather than all things being done for our own happiness, all things should be done to the glory of God:
“Therefore when thou doest thine alms, do not sound a trumpet before thee, as the hypocrites do in the synagogues and in the streets, that they may have glory of men. Verily I say unto you, They have their reward.” – Matthew 6 v 2
The rich men of Jesus' time did all of their good deeds publicly, to be seen of men. When they gave money in the synagogue, they would make sure that people knew they were giving it, and how much they were giving. Jesus said, “They have their reward.” They were doing religious things for their own glory and pleasure, to satisfy their ego, rather than giving glory to God.
“But when thou doest alms, let not thy left hand know what thy right hand doeth: That thine alms may be in secret: and thy Father which seeth in secret himself shall reward thee openly.” – Matthew 6 v 3-4
Christians are encouraged to do good secretly, without gaining the praise of mankind, and without any beneficial reward in this life. The only people who would find this behaviour unacceptable are those who have no faith that God.
The reason we are to praise God, do good, and follow God's commands is to acknowledge that he is holy, and that his ways are upright. We are to give God the glory because he is perfect and without sin, and because we ourselves would desire to be like him. Moreover, our actions should reflect God in a positive light, encouraging others to seek him.
A life of suffering
God's desire for our happiness is not based in this world. Here on earth the Christian is called to a life of suffering; God will allow us to be unhappy in this temporal world if it means that we can attain happiness in eternity. The Apostle Paul wrote:
“And lest I should be exalted above measure through the abundance of the revelations, there was given to me a thorn in the flesh, the messenger of Satan to buffet me, lest I should be exalted above measure. For this thing I besought the Lord thrice, that it might depart from me. And he said unto me, My grace is sufficient for thee: for my strength is made perfect in weakness. Most gladly therefore will I rather glory in my infirmities, that the power of Christ may rest upon me. Therefore I take pleasure in infirmities, in reproaches, in necessities, in persecutions, in distresses for Christ's sake: for when I am weak, then am I strong.” – 2 Corinthians 12 v 7-10
Regarding suffering, we read that suffering is the lot of those who will follow Christ:
“Blessed are they which are persecuted for righteousness' sake: for theirs is the kingdom of heaven. Blessed are ye, when men shall revile you, and persecute you, and shall say all manner of evil against you falsely, for my sake. Rejoice, and be exceeding glad: for great is your reward in heaven: for so persecuted they the prophets which were before you.” – Matthew 5 v 10-12
“And if children, then heirs; heirs of God, and joint-heirs with Christ; if so be that we suffer with him, that we may be also glorified together. For I reckon that the sufferings of this present time are not worthy to be compared with the glory which shall be revealed in us.” – Romans 8 v 17-18
“Who shall separate us from the love of Christ? shall tribulation, or distress, or persecution, or famine, or nakedness, or peril, or sword? As it is written, For thy sake we are killed all the day long; we are accounted as sheep for the slaughter. Nay, in all these things we are more than conquerors through him that loved us.” – Romans 8 v 35-37
Does this sound like a God who wants us to focus on our own happiness, and who's the greatest desire is for our earthly pleasure? If God's aim is for our happiness in this temporal world, why would he allow Christians to suffer, and why would he claim that suffering for his sake is a blessing? It is clear that God tells us to look towards our heavenly reward, that our lives here are temporal, and that we are to store up treasure in heaven. If we find happiness here on earth then this is a blessing in itself, and one in which we should glorify God, but for this to be our aim in life is an outlook that will only lead us away from God.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
As more marijuana shops take root in states that have legalized the drug, they're struggling with a lack of access to the kind of routine banking services other businesses take for granted.
Continue Reading Below
Democratic Massachusetts U.S. Sen. Elizabeth Warren is leading a new effort to make sure vendors working with legal marijuana businesses don't have their banking services taken away.
The vendors include chemists who test marijuana for harmful substances and firms that provide security for pot shops.
It's part of a wider effort by Warren and others to bring the burgeoning $7 billion marijuana industry in from a fiscal limbo she says forces many marijuana shops to rely solely on cash.
Warren says helping marijuana-based businesses move away from a cash-only model also will help ensure they're paying their taxes.
Archived copy of the Talon Fund webpage as it appeared in April 2016. The page is now empty. Screenshot via archive.org
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Anshu Jain joins Cantor Fitzgerald as president amid growth push
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Premium features include the agenda-setting Lex column, EM Squared, Martin Sandbu's Free Lunch, Newsmine blog, daily FT ePaper and exclusive weekly emails designed to enhance your FT experience.
What do you get in your Premium Subscription package?
Lex Column - The FT's daily guide to the corporate and financial stories that matter. Since the 1930's Lex has been providing concise, readable and timely commentary on companies, markets and the theory behind investing. From tech valuations to the pros and cons of share buybacks, via the banking crisis and emerging markets, Our specialists in London, New York and Hong Kong give you the tools to make better investment decisions.
Editor's Choice - An exclusive weekly newsletter with insights from Lionel Barber, the Financial Times' lauded editor.
FT Newsmine Blog - A weekly email that abstracts essential macroeconomic data for you from the week's news stories.
Free lunch - Martin Sandbu's Free Lunch - A succinct daily take on global economics from columnist Martin Sandbu who selects and comments on the day's biggest topics.
A 69-year-old woman considered at risk was found Monday afternoon, according to Oceanside police.
Officers asked the public to help look for the missing woman. She was found shortly after 12 p.m, according to the Oceanside Police Department.
She was last seen at 7:30 a.m., walking on the 4400 block of Silver Birch Way by Old Grove Road, just north of Interstate 76.
No further details were immediately available.
Ubisoft
The Nintendo Subreddit held an “Ask Me Anything” thread with Mario + Rabbids Kingdom Battle Creative Director Davide Soliani. In the thread, he answered a ton of burning questions about the game's development, his inspirations as a developer, and even his preference between mashed potatoes or French fries (it was mashed potatoes).
First of all, Soliani said that he would be honored to make a sequel to the game. He also said that he'd love to do more Nintendo/Ubisoft crossovers.
When asked about DLC coming to the game, Soliani said that they cannot announce anything yet, but the content is coming out pretty soon and it will “contain a lot of love and surprises.” He did say that the first DLC will contain a lot of challenge matches. He said that DLC after that will contain “an interesting story that I hope will surprise you all.”
He said that the very first design prototypes for the game was made out of paper with some dice and a pen and paper. He said it was a challenge to make a tactical turn-based strategy game that looked like an action game with some “Mario Kart alchemy.”
He said that when they started developing the game, they had no information about the Switch at all. When they found out about the Switch, they were happy because it fit their vision and intention for the game.
When asked how they were able to mesh the Mario world with the Rabbids one without alienating either audience, he said that they kept iterating night and day until they found the right balance. He said that they discarded so many tests that he can't really remember all of them. “Artists hated me,” he said.
The reporter asked if they had any restrictions from Nintendo when it came to using and representing the Mario brand in their game. He said that there were not really any restrictions because they have a very good relationship with Nintendo and they gained their trust. They did respect the iconic Nintendo poses and attitude.
As far as content that was cut from the game, Soliani said that they at one point were about to create a Rabbid version of a Whomp enemy from Super Mario. However they decided to remove it. They also cut out a “Rabbid Peach Sailor Mood transformation.”
The existence of Mario + Rabbids Kingdom Battle was leaked way ahead of its “surprise” reveal at E3 2017. When asked how the leaks affected the development process, Soliani said that while it was a big letdown for the team when the key art was leaked, he said they still reacted well to it and in fact used the moment to push forward. Since all of their ideas were already in place the leaks didn't affect development.
When asked when he realized what his passion in life is, Soliani said that it was when he saw a kid playing with a Game Boy on public transportation. “He was having the time of his life,” he said. “And I imagined how cool could have been being the creator behind that game that made him laugh so hard.” One of the games that inspired him the most to enter the world of development was Super Mario World.
When asked about advice for new developers, he said to keep producing prototypes through the development process and keep asking people to try them. He also said to not be scared by critics.
You can check out more answers to burning questions by checking out the thread for yourself.
Dear Reader,
As you can imagine, more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before. Nevertheless, traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications, like ours, are being forced to look for new ways to keep going. Unlike many other news organizations, we have not put up a paywall. We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analyses from the frontlines of Israel, the Middle East and the Jewish World.
As one of our loyal readers, we ask you to be our partner.
For $5 a month you will receive access to the following:
A user uxperience almost completely free of ads
Access to our Premium Section and our monthly magazine to learn Hebrew, Ivrit
Content from the award-winning Jerusalem Repor
A brand new ePaper featuring the daily newspaper as it appears in print in Israel
Help us grow and continue telling Israel's story to the world.
Thank you,
Ronit Hasin-Hochman, CEO, Jerusalem Post Group
Yaakov Katz, Editor-in-Chief
The New England Patriots entered Thursday night needing Tom Brady to carry them to a victory in Tampa – or so we assumed. Brady played well enough – 30-of-40 for 303 yards, one touchdown and one interception – but without Stephen Gostkowski, New England would likely be 2-3, not 3-2.
Gostkowski was a perfect 4-of-4 on field goals, leading the Patriots to a 19-14 win.
“As a specialist, you can't ask for much more than some opportunities like that to have an impact on the game,” Gostkowski said on CBS Sports Radio's Ferrall on the Bench. “So I'm just very grateful to have the opportunity and for our team to go home winners.”
Gostkowski hasn't missed a field goal this season. He's a perfect 12-of-12 through five games and hit a clutch 48-yarder in the final minutes against the Buccaneers (2-2).
“It's fun. When you get on a roll, you just try to ride the wave as long as you can,” Gostkowski said. “If you do slip up, you just try to get right back on the horse. Kicking is a very mental game. You just try to ride that wave when it's going good. To be able to make a kick at the end of the game, that shows your team that you have a little bit of mental toughness (to not let the moment get too big). It's really fun to make those kicks. Because for every one kick I kick in the game, I've probably kicked thousands in practice. So it's nice and rewarding when it turns out in your favor.”
Nick Folk wouldn't know. He missed three field goals on the night, including a 31-yarder in the fourth quarter that would have made it a one-score game.
“It's a tough job when it's not going well,” Gostkowski said. “I'm glad we won, but I never want to see it like that. Nick's been a great kicker in this league. I've missed a kick that I feel has cost us games, whether it's in NFL, college, high school. You definitely lose sleep over it. That's part of it. That's part of the mental toughness to try to pick yourself up and go out and try to make it the next time. It's one of those jobs where everyone knows it when you screw up and there's no avoiding it. It's the easiest job in sports to point the finger at. Hopefully he'll be able to turn it around, but at the end of the day, I'm definitely glad the Patriots came away with the win.”
Tampa Bay had a chance to win on the final play, but Jameis Winston's pass to O.J. Howard was incomplete. Gostkowski wasn't surprised that the Bucs went the length of the field in just over a minute.
“The teams are too good in this league to roll over and not make it competitive,” he said. “The defense stepped up big at the end there.”
They'll try to do it again next Sunday, when the Patriots face the Jets (2-2) in East Rutherford. Kickoff is at 1 p.m. ET.
By Gabriel Olawale
The Lagos State Commissioner for Health, Dr. Olajide Idris has stated that allocation of just five percent to the health sector in the face of series of health challenges confronting the country is evidence that the system is geared towards making Nigerians ill.
Speaking at the 25th Anniversary of Adcem Pharmaceuticals Limited, Idris, however, called on Social Enterprise to support the government, saying government can't solve everything and that everybody's input is required in the system.
“Healthcare finance is very essential because of under investment in the system and that is what we are trying to do in Lagos State but to set up Health Insurance Scheme is difficult, it is not something you can rush but we will start it this year.”
“The National Healthcare Insurance Scheme by law is voluntary but there is no where in the world where it's voluntary and sustainable. Our law in Lagos State is compulsory but people must understand how it will be operated so that we don't experience the problem that is encountered at national level.”
On his part, the keynote Speaker, Chairman, Diamond Bank Plc and Centre Director, First Bank of Nigeria Sustainability Centre, Lagos Business School for Health, Professor Chris Ogbechie recommended social enterprise in healthcare as the only way to guarantee quality and affordable healthcare for Nigerians.
“Even though we have recorded some progress in area of life expectancy and maternal mortality, we cannot ignore the reality that so many women still die during child birth annually and 1 million Nigerians die before age five due to neonatal causes such as malaria and pneumonia.
“Our country's health challenge seems so stagnant, discouraging and obviously the government cannot handle it alone which creates a gap that social enterprise needs to fill.
In the view of Clinical Director, St. Nicholas Hospital, Dr. Ebun Bamgboye, about 15,000 Nigerians have no access to treatment.
“Fourteen per cent of the population has one form of kidney failure or other and out of about 170 million Nigerians 17,000 people require dialysis every year of which less than 2,000 patient are on dialysis. So we have about 15,000 people dying because of lack of access to dialysis. This is one of the key areas where social enterprise like the one MTN came up with will make a difference so that many more of our citizens will have access to affordable and quality healthcare.”
Unveiling the new company logo to mark the anniversary, MD, Adcem Pharmaceutical Limited, Mr. Adeyemi Adewole said that for the past 25 years the company has delivered quality kidney disease equipment, consumables, drugs, vascular access products among others from a social impact perspective.
“As a profit making social enterprise, we are concerned with the availability and affordability of quality healthcare for all, especially those at the bottom of the pyramid.”
The post Nigerian system geared towards making people ill — Idris appeared first on Vanguard News.
Dolphins' Joseph drawing interest as head coaching candidate
hello
DAVIE, Fla. -- Miami Dolphins defensive coordinator Vance Joseph is drawing interest around the NFL as a head coaching candidate.
Teams have asked the Dolphins for permission to speak with Joseph, coach Adam Gase said Monday. At least six teams are in the market for a new coach.
Joseph is drawing attention even though Miami (10-6) allowed a franchise-record 6,122 yards during the regular season. Joseph, who is in his first season with the Dolphins, dealt with a wave of injuries and helped them reach the playoffs for the first time since 2008.
Miami plays at Pittsburgh in the first round of the playoffs Sunday. Gase said he'll leave to Joseph the timing of any job interviews.
Joseph is in his 12th year as an NFL assistant.
___
For more NFL coverage: www.pro32.ap.org and http://twitter.com/AP_NFL
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Gain access to global coverage from local journalists on the ground in 50+ countries working around the clock to break news, analyze, spot risks and opportunities.
Join over 300,000 Finance professionals who already subscribe to the FT.
A police officer examines a motorcycle after a female stunt driver working on the movie "Deadpool 2" died after a crash on set, in Vancouver, B.C., on Monday Aug. 14, 2017. Vancouver police say the driver was on a motorcycle when the crash occurred on the movie set on Monday morning. The Canadian Press via AP Darryl Dyck
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Since January, first responders in Tioga County have had to use Narcan 35 times on calls, according to a Tioga County health department spokesperson. Less than halfway into the year, the county is one away from 36, the total number of times EMTs administered Narcan in 2016 and on pace to double that number by the end of 2017.
Officials say Tioga County is seeing the same increase in Fentanyl-related overdoses reported across the country.
Because Narcan is available to the public, county health officials struggle with tracking overdose numbers. Even more challenging for Tioga is tracking drug-related deaths.
Tioga Public Information Officer Kylie Gates said because there is not a hospital in Tioga, victims are rushed to Broome or to Guthrie Hospital in Sayre, Pa. and become part of that county's reporting.
"Once they go into Pennsylvania we lose track of those."
The county is now offering free Narcan kits to the public. Residents can remain confidential and call Tioga County Public Health at 607-687-8612 for more information.
Members of a new group, Tioga County Allies in Substance Abuse Coalition, will be hosting Narcan training. Anyone interested in joining the coalition can attend the next meeting on Tuesday, June 20 at 1:00 p.m. at Tioga County Health and Human Services Complex, 1062 State Rte. 38, Owego.
Bigg Boss 11 was premiered on October 1. The host of the show, Salman Khan introduced us to 18 contestants, who seem to be well-prepared for the reality show.
Even before entering the house, Vikas Gupta and Shilpa Shinde got into a heated argument. Their fight continued inside the house as well. Their fight will be taking an ugly turn in the upcoming episode. Read on...
Shilpa & Vikas' Fight Continues In the upcoming episode, Shilpa continues to irk Vikas. She drops something in Vikas' tea and says it happened by mistake. Shilpa & Vikas' Fight Takes Ugly Turn Hiten who was present at the place, listens to Vikas, who said that she did it purposely although she knew Vikas was not keeping well due to cold. Vikas gets so much irritated with Shilpa's behaviour that he spills tea on Shilpa's clothes. Arshi Khan's Tantrums Arshi Khan uses two packets of milk as her tea was burnt by a housemate. She even mixes turmeric in the milk so that no one touches it. Hina & Arshi's Fight Also, Hina Khan and Arshi Khan get into a heated argument over food and others too, support Hina. Hina & Arshi's Fight Takes Ugly Turn Hina also warns Arshi that if she touches her for the third time she will make sure that she will be thrown out of the house. Luxury Budget Task Winner Meanwhile, Padosis are declared the winners of the luxury budget task and they are given the authority to put three contestants behind the bars (Kalkotri). 3 Contestants To Be Sent To Kalkotri As we revealed earlier, the kalkotri is dark and is in underground. The three contestants whom the padosis apparently choose are Zubair Khan, Akash Dadlani and Shilpa Shinde.
(Images Source: Colors TV)
Baltimore Orioles' Seth Smith rounds the bases on his two-run home run as Seattle Mariners relief pitcher Casey Lawrence waits on the mound in the fifth inning of a baseball game Monday, Aug. 14, 2017, in Seattle. Elaine Thompson AP Photo
Amazon.com Inc.'s Chief Executive Officer Jeff Bezos will face protests against the company's tax policy and treatment of workers when he collects an award in Berlin on Tuesday.
Andrea Nahles, the newly elected leader of Germany's Social Democratic Party, the junior partner in Chancellor Angela Merkel's government, will join a demonstration organized by labor union Ver.di outside Axel Springer SE's headquarters, where Bezos is due to receive a prize for innovation.
Bezos treats his employees badly and is among big tech companies that are “world champions in tax avoidance,” Nahles told reporters in Berlin. “This does not deserve a prize.”
Ver.di said several hundred Amazon workers from Germany and Poland will take part in the protest. Nahles, an outspoken former party rebel, was elected SPD leader on Sunday and is billed as a possible chancellor candidate for the next election in 2021.
The likes of Amazon, Facebook Inc. and Apple Inc. are facing growing opposition from policymakers on issues ranging from labor conditions to tax avoidance and data privacy.
U.S. President Donald Trump singled out Amazon for paying too little tax in a Twitter post, while the European Union is planning a new levy on companies such as Google and Facebook that route profits made in the bloc through low-tax countries.
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Subscribe to read: Financial Times
In oil mystery, traders resort to ‘buy the builds' mantra
DUBLIN, Georgia (41NBC/WMGT) – Martin Luther King Jr. gave his first speech right here in Middle Georgia on April 17, 1944 at Dublin's historic First African Baptist Church.
Residents of Dublin celebrated the anniversary on Monday with the reveal of the $250,000 monument park dedicated to King.
“It doesn't just bring one group of people together it brings us all together,” said First A.B Church member Maurice Sizer.
King had a dream that started in Dublin at the tender age of 15.
“Not only did Dr. King speak here, but because of his speech and because of the rich history we have here at First A.B, we can call it the historic First African Baptist Church,” Sizer said.
73 years later, the Martin Luther King Monument Park honoring King's dream is a reality.
“He gave that speech on April 17th in 1944 so today is April 17th 1944–73 years later we have the opportunity to pay homage to his legacy,” said Visit Dublin spokeswoman Rebecca McWilliam.
Now a piece of the legacy can be seen and heard by anyone who stops by the monument.
“There's also an audio tour and a 71 site mobile app that's dedicated to telling the story of historic downtown Dublin,” McWilliam added.
This is something Maurice Sizer says she's been dreaming about for quite some time.
“It's good for our children– so they can know the history because there will be (people) there talking about what they did in the civil rights movement–they can come and just push a button and get all of that history,” she said.
Dublin is where it all started. “The Dream began here with what he said about the Negro and the Constitution,” said Sizer.
But McWilliam says it won't end there. “We've already had visitors drawn into this project from Mexico, Europe and Canada who didn't know that Martin Luther King gave his first speech here and it's really helped us discover more about Dublin.”
King's world wide legacy and Dublin's rich history meet at the new Martin Luther King Junior Monument Park.
The monument is located right across the street from the First A.B church. McWilliam says this is just the first phase of a community effort to honor Dublin's place in history.
Putting all speculations to rest, lovebirds Virat Kohli and Anushka Sharma finally announced their wedding on Twitter just few hours ago.
Since then, the newly married couple have been breaking the internet with their wedding and mehendi pictures. And now we have some fresh pictures and video from 'Virushka's engagement ceremony. Check it out here...
Made For Each Other Virat looked dapper in a blue suit. On the other hand, Anushka chose a Sabyasachi dark maroon saree and made up for a stunning picture. Aur Pyaar Ho Gaya! In the video, Virat is seen proposing to lady-love Anushka Sharma and she says a BIG YES! They exchange rings and are seen sharing a cute moment. They Finally Said 'I Do' Today In Italy After dating for four years, the much-in-love couple finally solemnized their relationship today in a private ceremony in Italy. When Virat Bared His Heart About His Lady Love Recently when Virat appeared on Gaurav Kapur's show Breakfast With Champions, he had revealed, "Sir lady luck ka kamaal hai (It's the magic of Lady Luck). You've seen me; you know I had no brains before. Ever since the lady has come into my life, she's taught me a lot of things. I've learnt a lot, become more sensible in the last 4 years all because of her. She's taught me how to be more patient and taught me how to utilise the position you are in to the fullest." On How Anushka Changed His Life "Luckily I have never tried to change myself over the years. But the flip has been because of her. That period in England in 2014. Anushka was there in my life, she understood what I was going through so she kept me motivated. Her support helped me push through, however bad it was for me. She was a constant in that time... And then Australia happened (the tour in 2014-15 when Kohli scored four hundreds in four Tests) and I ended up scoring runs, in her presence. So it was a special thing for both of us because she also faced a lot of flak." Pyaar Kiya Toh Darna "A very big reason behind me not hiding my relationship is Mr. Zaheer Khan. Luckily he was one of the first guys I spoke to about this and he said whatever you do don't try to hide it because you'll stress yourself. And on top of that, you're in a relationship; you're not doing anything wrong. I'm actually very grateful that my first interaction about this was with Zak."
Meanwhile, check out this adorable video from their engagement party...
The couple will be hosting a reception in New Delhi for their relatives on 21st December which will be followed by a reception for industry friends and cricketers in Mumbai on 26th December.
Want More News Like This?
CAPA Membership gives you access to all news and analysis on the site, along with access to many areas of our comprehensive databases and toolsets.
Hackers stole payment data from taprooms and in-store restaurants at some Whole Foods Markets. Now the company has rolled out an online tool to help consumers find out which stores in their area may have been affected. Eric Gay The Associated Press file
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
PITTSBURGH — The Pittsburgh Steelers are ditching their "bumble bee" throwback uniforms for something with a more 1970s feel.
The team announced Wednesday it will wear replica jerseys of the 1978 and 1979 clubs that won back-to-back Super Bowls when the Steelers host the Cleveland Browns on Oct. 28. Team president Art Rooney II said the choice of using the '78-79 jersey was fitting. The franchise will spend the next two seasons honouring the 40th anniversary of the teams that pushed Pittsburgh's Super Bowl total during the 1970s to four.
The move means the Steelers are ending the use of their 1933 throwbacks that featured black-and-gold horizontal stripes that made the team resemble a pack of bees.
___
If you've visited the Cal Fire San Luis Obispo incidents webpage recently, you might have noticed something amiss: Namely, that the incidents page isn't showing any incidents.
Fire Captain Dave Fowler said he's aware the page malfunctioning; it began displaying an error message in late spring, and the agency took it down until it could be restored — just as soon as an intern can get to it.
The page, which tracks and maps out Cal Fire SLO calls across the county, only exists because of the agency's intern partnership with Cal Poly. Computer science interns created the page, Fowler said, and it will take a computer science intern to diagnose the cause of the crash and repair it.
"It's far beyond my expertise," Fowler said.
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
crossOrigin="anonymous" SHARE COPY LINK Firefighters from San Luis Obispo, Cal Fire and Morro Bay fought a stubborn fire in Union Pacific rail cars filled with railroad ties. The fire sparked near Sinsheimer Park early Wednesday, May 16, 2018. It's under investigation. David Middlecamp
The challenge is that interns are still students, and so their work for Cal Fire sometimes takes a back seat.
Fowler said Cal Fire advertises for internships as students move on and the position opens up again. That makes advanced tech support a hit or miss prospect.
"It's just if we get a bite," he said. "We'll have some quarters or some years where we have nobody."
Other years, Fowler said there's an abundance of candidates.
"We have two right now; one's graduating," Fowler said. "So then we'll have one, but he may leave for the summer."
Fowler said "we've gotten quite a few" calls about the down website. He said he has been referring people to Cal Fire SLO's Twitter account, as well as the San Luis Obispo County Office of Emergency Services.
Statewide Cal Fire also maintains an incidents page that includes information on major fires across the state.
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. (CBSMiami/AP) — A SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket was launched to the International Space Station, sending a Dragon cargo ship loaded with more than three tons of equipment and supplies, including some ice cream.
As has become customary on these cargo flights, SpaceX landed its leftover booster back at Cape Canaveral shortly after liftoff, a key to its long-term effort to recycle rockets and reduce costs.
“Gorgeous day, spectacular launch,” said Dan Hartman, NASA's deputy manager of the space station program.
Experiments make up most of the 6,400 pounds of cargo, which should reach the orbiting lab Wednesday. That includes 20 mice that will return alive inside the SpaceX Dragon capsule in about a month.
The Dragon is also doubling as an ice cream truck this time.
There was extra freezer space, so NASA packed little cups of vanilla, chocolate and birthday cake ice cream, as well as ice cream candy bars. Those treats should be especially welcomed by U.S. astronaut Peggy Whitson, in orbit since November. She's due back at the beginning of September. Newly arrived U.S. spaceman Randolph Bresnik turns 50 next month.
The space station was zooming 250 miles above the Atlantic, just off Nova Scotia, when the Falcon took flight.
It was the 14th successful booster landing for SpaceX and the sixth on the giant X at the company's touchdown spot at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, just a few miles from its NASA-leased pad at Kennedy Space Center.
“It's right on the bull's-eye, and a very soft touchdown,” said SpaceX's Hans Koenigsmann.
The mice on board are part of a study of visual problems suffered in space by some male astronauts. Scientists will study the pressure in the animals' eyes, as well as the movement of fluid in their brains. Thirty days for mice in space is comparable to three years for humans, according to Florida State University's Michael Delp, who's in charge of the experiment. The study may help explain why female astronauts don't have this vision problem, which can linger long after spaceflight, he added.
The Dragon also holds an instrument to measure cosmic rays from the space station. This type of device has previously flown on high-altitude balloons. The Army has an imaging microsatellite on board for release this fall from the station. It's a technology demo; the military wants to see how small satellites like this, with low-cost, off-the-shelf cameras and telescopes, might support critical ground operations. It's about the size of a dormitory-room refrigerator.
Also going up on behalf of the Michael J. Fox Foundation: protein crystals that, in space, might shed light on Parkinson's disease. The mission got a televised plug from Fox, an actor who has the disease.
Three Americans, one more than usual, and an Italian will tackle all this scientific work in orbit. The station also is home to two Russians; that number will go back up to three in a year or so.
This is the 13th delivery by the Hawthorne, California-based SpaceX, one of two private shippers hired by NASA. The other is Orbital ATK; It's next supply run is in November from Wallops Island, Virginia.
The SpaceX Dragon is the only supply ship capable of returning items to Earth. It parachutes into the Pacific; the others burn up during re-entry.
This particular Dragon is brand new, as is the Falcon rocket. In June, SpaceX launched its first reused Dragon, and in March, its first reused Falcon. From now on, the company said it may only fly used Dragons.
SpaceX is also developing a crew Dragon for NASA astronauts, set to debut next year. Boeing is working on its own capsule to ferry space station astronauts.
In the meantime, SpaceX is aiming for a November debut of its Falcon Heavy rocket, which will feature three first-stage boosters and 27 engines, versus the single booster and nine engines on the Falcon 9. It will have two-thirds the thrust of NASA's Saturn V rocket, which was used during the Apollo moon program. All three of the Falcon Heavy's first-stage boosters are meant to fly back to a touchdown.
(© Copyright 2017 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved. The Associated Press contributed to this report.)
Michael Finn has proven to be the record holder of shortest every time to serve in the office of National Security Advisor. After only a few weeks he resigned over the controversy regarding his relationship with Russian officials. It is clearly an extremely controversial issue, but he has not remained silent. He wrote a letter and the contents are powerful.
THe full text is included below:
February 13, 2017
In the course of my duties as the incoming National Security Advisor, I held numerous phone calls with foreign counterparts, ministers, and ambassadors. These calls were to facilitate a smooth transition and begin to build the necessary relationships between the President, his advisors and foreign leaders. Such calls are standard practice in any transition of this magnitude.
Unfortunately, because of the fast pace of events, I inadvertently briefed the Vice President Elect and others with incomplete information regarding my phone calls with the Russian Ambassador. I have sincerely apologized to the President and the Vice President, and they have accepted my apology.
Throughout my over thirty three years of honorable military service, and my tenure as the National Security Advisor, I have always performed my duties with the utmost of integrity and honesty to those I have served, to include the President of the United States.
I am tendering my resignation, honored to have served our nation and the American people in such a distinguished way.
I am also extremely honored to have served President Trump, who in just three weeks, has reoriented American foreign policy in fundamental ways to restore America's leadership position in the world.
As I step away once again from serving my nation in this current capacity, I wish to thank President Trump for his personal loyalty, the friendship of those who I worked with throughout the hard fought campaign, the challenging period of transition, and during the early days of his presidency.
I know with the strong leadership of President Donald J. Trump and Vice President Mike Pence and the superb team they are assembling, this team will go down in history as one of the greatest presidencies in U.S. history, and I firmly believe the American people will be well served as they all work together to help Make America Great Again.
Michael T. Flynn, LTG (Ret)
Assistant to the President/National Security Advisor
File - In this May 22, 2018 file photo, volunteer Jenifer Murias yells into a megaphone as Culinary Union members file into a university arena to vote on whether to authorize a strike in Las Vegas. The union representing thousands of Las Vegas casino workers says the two largest operators would lose more than $10 million a day combined if housekeepers, cooks and others go on strike. The Culinary Union on Wednesday, May 30, 2018, released documents explaining how it thinks a one-month strike would impact MGM Resorts International and Caesars Entertainment. Isaac Brekken, File AP Photo
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
Getty
Carla Juri plays a surprisingly major role in Blade Runner 2049. The 32-year-old Swiss actress burst onto the international scene with the outrageous German drama Wetlands, following several years on television and movies.
Blade Runner 2049 is set 30 years after the 1982 original science fiction classic, and stars Ryan Gosling as Agent K, with Harrison Ford returning to play Deckard. Ana de Armas, Jared Leto, Robin Wright and Sylvia Hoeks co-star. It was directed by Denis Villeneuve, while Ridley Scott returned as an executive producer.
Juri does not have public social media pages.
Here's a look at Juri's life, career and her important role in Blade Runner 2049. WARNING: Spoilers for the film follow. 1. Juri Stars as Dr. Ana Stelline, who Makes Memories for Replicants
In Blade Runner 2049, Juri stars as Dr. Ana Stelline.
Spoilers ahead – skip the next two paragraphs if you don't want to know what Juri's role really is.
During K's (Gosling) search for the child of Rachael (Sean Young), the Replicant Deckard fell in love with during the first Blade Runner, he questions her about the implanted memories she creates for Niander Wallace's (Leto) new Replicants.
K, who is a Replicant, believes that a memory he has means he is the child of Deckard and Rachael. However, he soon learns that their child was a girl. He eventually figures out who the child is, and saves Deckard from Wallace and Luv (Hoeks). The child was Ana. The last scene of the film is her meeting her father for the first time.
2. Juri Went Back to School Undercover to Prepare for ‘Wetlands'
The 2013 German film Wetlands launched Juri's international career. The film was based on a controversial novel by Charlotte Roche and directed by David Wnendt. It was just as eyebrow-raising as the book, with a pull quote on the U.S. poster that called it the “most WTF, NSFW movie at this year's Sundance Film Festival.”
She starred as Helen Memel, an 18-year-old who has strange attitudes towards hygiene, masturbation and society in general. She also tries to get her divorced parents back together.
In an interview with the New York Times, Juri said she went back to school “undercover” to prepare for the role. The teachers didn't even know she was an actress!
“I had to go back to school with 18-year-olds — undercover,” Juri told the Times. “The teachers didn't know I was an actor, only the director of the school did. I had to make sure when they called me Helen, I turned my head. I had to take math exams, Spanish exams. The teacher would come and say, ‘Helen, I'm really worried about your Spanish.'”
3. Juri Got the Role After Denis Villeneuve Saw ‘Wetlands' & Gosling Called Her an ‘Incredible Talent'
Blade Runner 2049 is set in Los Angeles, but like most Hollywood blockbusters today, it is very international behind the scenes. In an interview with Switzerland's Bluewin, director Denis Villeneuve said he worked with international talent agencies to fill out his cast. Juri was one of the talents he met with.
“Then I watched clips of her and finally the whole film [Wetlands],” the director said. “I was very impressed and she was very strong at the audition. I really wanted to have it. She will still hear a lot from her in the future. And Ryan Gosling was also very impressed by her.”
Gosling added, “Right. I also looked at Wetlands after hearing that we were working together. She is an incredible talent.”
Even Harrison Ford complimented Juri's performance. “Yes, she was great,” he told Bluewin.
4. She's Fluent in English, Italian & German
Juri's resume lists that she's fluent in three languages – German, Italian and English. She also can speak some French, but not as well as the other three.
She was born in Locarno, in an Italian-speaking canton of Switzerland. Juri's father is a lawyer and her mother is a scultpor. She went to New York at age 15 and studied drama in Los Angeles from 2005 to 2007 at the Theatrical Arts Theater Company. From 2008 to 2010, she studied in London.
In an interview with Movie Maker, Juri said she decided to become an actress at about 19 or 20 years old.
“I realized that film combined different art forms: poetry, history, psychology, painting, sculpture and music. It was a relief to find a medium to combine them all,” she explained.
Juri also said in that interview that her ability to speak three languages means that she had agents in London, Rom and Berlin. “If there wasn't work in London, there was work in Rome. I was hopping like a vagabond around Europe, going to auditions. It was a pretty full schedule,” she said.
In 2014, Juri signed with United Talent Agency.
5. Juri's Next Movies are ‘Walking to Paris' & ‘Intrigo: Dear Agnes'
After Wetlands, Juri landed English-speaking roles in Morris from America and Brimstone. She has two movies set for release in 2018.
Next up is Walking to Paris, written and directed by Peter Greenway (The Cook, The Thief, His Wife & Her Lover). She stars with Emun Elliot, who plays the late Romanian artist Constantin Brancusi.
She also has a role in a film called Intrigo: Dear Agnes with Gemma Chan (Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them). That project is being directed by Daniel Alfredson, who is known for directing the Swedish films of The Girl Who Played With Fire and The Girl Who Kicked the Hornet's Nest.
Firefighters battled flames that spread to three homes near Lamb and Charleston Boulevards Monday, according to Las Vegas Fire and Rescue. (Photo: Jeff Cuneo)
Firefighters battled flames that spread to three homes near Lamb and Charleston Boulevards Monday, according to Las Vegas Fire and Rescue.
The fire started at 7 p.m. on 41 Logan Court in the backyard of a one-story home, LVFR said. The fire spread to palm trees and to the home, and then to two other homes.
LVFR called for a second alarm for more engines to respond. An elderly woman, who lived in one of the damaged homes, was treated for minor smoke inhalation on the scene and released by medics.
Twelve adults and four children were displaced by the fire, Las Vegas Fire and Rescue said. Damages were estimated at $650,000.
Fire investigators believe an outside cooking device left unattended under a patio cover started the fire. It caught the wood roof on the patio cover on fire which spread to the trees, the backyard, and vehicles.
Stay with FOX5 for updates.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
I will never forget the sound of Tida Woods' voice piercing through the recording of the 911 call of Nov. 27 at the start of her son's public nightmare.
As Tiger lay next to the SUV he had just crashed, his mother's throaty wail was demanding, disbelieving and, most unsettling from such a strong woman, scared.
Of course, the question she posed endures almost a month later, and will for many more to come: How could all that "what happened" have happened to Tiger Woods?
Weeks later, after Woods acknowledged his infidelity and announced he was taking an "indefinite break" from the game, I kept going back to the beginning. I first met Tiger in 1990 in the parking lot at Coto de Caza, a Southern California course not far from his family home. I was doing a profile for Golf Digest on Woods, then a 14-year-old prodigy, who in short order would win three consecutive U.S. Junior Amateurs. He arrived with his father, whom I had spoken with on the phone. Earl was friendly and informal. He called me "Stud," which seemed odd on several levels, but not after I got used to his chauvinistic Army humor. After shaking hands, Tiger hung back, barely saying a word.
In retrospect, he was the Tiger I still know: reserved and wary. I quickly sensed that he had gotten used to more than just media people wanting something from him, and he was already growing tired of it. Plus, he was focused on displaying his best for what would be his first big national magazine story. He had his game face on.
He was a bit tight at first, but he hit breathtaking shots, and when he saw how I "got" him as a golfer and student of the game, he became Tiger at his most charming: bright, curious, innocent and seemingly eager to connect in the way of an only child.
After the round, the three of us stopped at an all-you-can-eat buffet, Tiger's choice. He had many questions, a lot of them about the media. As I made the case for maintaining an open dialogue, he listened impassively. Then he asked, with a pained expression, "Why do they have to know everything?"
Tiger Woods had already figured out that they don't. He was already constructing a life apart -- certainly from the public, but also from anyone who inhibited him from the things he wanted to do. As close as he and Earl were, the father knew Tiger was a kid who by temperament and especially circumstance needed plenty of personal space. For as much as Earl tried to balance the myth-making of his son -- beginning with "The Mike Douglas Show" and "That's Incredible!" -- with an intimacy and openness that any father would envy, Tiger early on felt owned by the public, and in reaction became fiercely independent. The focus and drive that complemented his talent is what made him a transcendent genius. But those same qualities, employed in rebellion, would also foster a personal coldness and a dread of public scrutiny.
Although his wide smile and sheer joy in playing kept me from seeing it right away, he was a kid with a burden. For one, he was clearly the only source of his parents' happiness in an otherwise uneasy marriage. Both Earl, who had been distant from his first wife and their three children, and Tida, who grew up a lonely child of divorce, gave their all for Tiger, but it was the only place their lives intersected. By the time Tiger began playing the tour, his parents were living in separate houses.
Earl in particular couldn't refrain from portraying his son as perfect. The litany was long, with relatively small pronouncements, like Tiger never playing golf until he had completed his homework, to bigger ones, like Tiger being "incapable" of lying, to the supersized: Tiger would be more important than Gandhi. An oft-repeated phrase is one I heard at our first meeting: "I'm very proud that Tiger is a better person than he is a golfer."
Perhaps Tiger's greatest accomplishment is that by force of talent and will, and perhaps his attempt to enhance his parents' relationship, he continued to live up to the impossible claims. He won everything as a junior, became the only male to win three straight U.S. Amateur titles, was a good student at Stanford, then embarked on a professional career that soon had him tracking Jack Nicklaus' record for major championships. Tiger was special. Former cynics would sing in unison, "Earl was right."
Woods became golf's Atlas, carrying everything -- the PGA Tour, his near-flawless image as a role model, his foundation, his family; heck, the game itself -- on his shoulders, all on top of the unceasing pressure to perform.
But as much as he sought the glory, he resented the obligations that came with it, even if they made him incredibly rich. I remember Earl telling me that once he had tried to commiserate with his overwrought son by saying, "I understand how you feel."
But, Earl recalled, "Tiger turned on me and said, 'No, you don't. You have no idea how I feel.' And I realized that I had underestimated."
As Tiger's life in his 30s became more tangled, he turned more inward. His inner circle got smaller and tighter, and those who overstepped or didn't fit in were jettisoned. The best advice for those who are around Woods remains, "Don't get too close."
Those who were the closest saw the pressures and the toll. Out of sympathy, and the fact that he is their employer, they didn't call Woods on imperfect behavior like swearing, banging clubs and blowing by autograph lines. Within his camp, Tiger in a bad mood would be characterized in golf jargon: "Unplayable."
PUTTING UP A WALL
Woods was brought up with the idea that a player, especially one with aspirations for greatness, is entitled to be selfish. He never had a job or even many chores, so he could devote himself to schoolwork, golf and occasional diversions. "To live a sane life, I have to be ruthless sometimes," he told me in 2000. "Put up a wall, be cold, say no. If I didn't, I would never have my own time and space, which is vital to me to achieve what I want in life."
Pinterest Tiger Woods: 'What Happened?'
The bottom line was getting the job done. As he often said, "Winning takes care of everything."
Last year was probably the most uncomfortable I've ever seen Woods. Coming off eight months of intense rehab for his left knee that didn't produce full healing, he was noticeably irritable. The fact that a witness in the police report after Tiger's accident said that Woods had been prescribed Vicodin, a strong prescription painkiller, gives pause. And it's not unreasonable to assume that his marriage was unhappy for quite some time.
Whatever the reasons, at times he was uncharacteristically rude. One of the telling images of the year came after he bounced his driver into the crowd in Australia. After fans retrieved the club, Woods took it without so much as a glance, let alone an apology.
It was also a year of impatience with the golf press. Angry about being criticized for his behavior and his game (no major-championship victories among his seven wins), he told me he was "pretty burned out on the media," and for the first time in eight years he declined to be interviewed in person for a year-end story for Golf Digest. "I always have to answer all the questions," he told me in an October phone conversation that he agreed to instead. "That's one of the reasons I've quit reading all articles. I don't watch golf on television unless my friends are playing. And if they're playing well, I still keep the volume on mute. A lot of these media guys are so opinionated, but they don't have all the information."
Woods was probably in more need of his own time and space than ever. His release valve of choice was, disastrously, outside his marriage. Though he had talked often about how his marriage of five years and his children have given him balance, obviously he was out of balance. Tiger Woods, always strong and sure, proved weak and lost.
Putting aside questions of infidelity, what's intriguing is why Woods -- always so calculating, detail-oriented and careful -- was so reckless. With so much to lose, how could he be heedless enough to leave an e-mail, voicemail and text-message trail to tabloid hell?
Only Woods knows the answers, and perhaps not at the moment. Although it has been nearly four years since Earl Woods died, Tiger might still be missing a mentor and motivator.
"I can sense and see stress in him and see that he's battling himself more than he should," Michael Jordan said before the Presidents Cup. "I think a lot of that's happened more than of late because his father's passed."
Intimates know that the anniversary of his father's death -- May 3 -- is an especially difficult one for Tiger, bringing home how much he misses their conversations.
"It's not uncommon for an adult son, after losing his father, to be particularly susceptible to reckless behavior," says Neil Chethik, author of the book FatherLoss. "The specter of death and mortality can leave a man feeling that you only go around once, and so how do you enjoy it the most? Men can give in to whatever excess they are most vulnerable to. It could be drinking, or gambling, or sex. It's more complicated for a megastar like Tiger because he can't really have a normal private life. Everything is so exposed. He can really only have a secret life."
It is also possible that on a deep level, Woods simply wanted out of an unsustainable life. As an architect of his destruction, his efficiency was on par with how he navigates a golf course.
REVERED, THEN RIDICULED
If Woods was motivated by a self-destructive urge, he got more than he bargained for. The confluence of 24-hour cable news, blogs, websites and tabloids gave the information an immediacy and salaciousness that was depressingly irresistible. The details and the tone were so merciless that late-night comics felt tacit permission to pile on. Just like that, Woods had gone from one of the most revered and socially significant athletes in history to the most ridiculed.
It doesn't matter that Woods has never been comfortable on the pedestal of moral superiority. Doesn't matter that philandering has been part of pro golf since the Scots were stuffing featheries, or that it's pervasive in other sports. Woods was supposed to be the guy with the superhuman discipline to withstand temptation, the example that millions of parents held up to their children, our vicarious thrill ride to the outer limits of human potential. We had presumed him, above all others, to be special. Betraying all that exacted a commensurate public disgrace.
So will Woods react with determination or despair? It's possible the censure he's absorbing will destroy the champion in Tiger Woods. Weeks after the accident, he still had not shown his face publicly. Friends said he was not returning texts or e-mails. It was easy to imagine him a broken man. Though we know Tiger is tough on the golf course, he has never really had to be tough in life.
Now, though, I believe he will be. The stockpile of self-esteem provided by his upbringing could help him take an almost clinical approach to changing what was abhorrent in the person he had become. He'll have to look more deeply into himself than ever to understand the crucial "Why?"
It will be a lonely, humbling journey for a young man who has always hated showing vulnerability. As such, it will be the most needed and important gut check of his life. He will have to share the findings with his wife for his marriage to have a chance to survive.
There is no doubt that Tiger will always have the support and wisdom of his mother. Yes, her son disappointed her as he never had before. But Tida has long dealt with personal hardship from a Buddhist perspective that keenly recognizes human frailty and the possibility of atonement. In a phone conversation several days after the scandal broke, I found her unblinkingly positive.
Why was Woods -- always so calculating, detail-oriented and careful -- so reckless?'
Despite the advice of those who say Woods must deliver an outpouring from Oprah's couch, I believe he'll keep the findings of his exploration private. When he comes back to competition, he will say little. Like always, he'll depend on his clubs to provide eloquence. Indeed, what he does and knows best -- golf -- will provide the framework for his rehabilitation. He has to believe the exceptional attributes he exhibits on the course -- including sound judgment and discipline -- will overpower the selfishness and recklessness he has fallen prey to off it.
Being Woods, he will be determined to keep the gleeful haters from getting satisfaction. Compared to Jordan, who was maligned for his score-settling acceptance speech at the Basketball Hall of Fame, Woods will never have to gin up a grudge. And he has plenty of recent examples of once-shamed superstars who came back stronger, none more encouraging than Kobe Bryant. The two share the ethic of constant improvement. Woods has always taken his greatest satisfaction in losing himself in that pursuit, which suggests that more than ever, golf will be his refuge.
Woods' old mystique -- that of the chilly Chosen One immune to human weakness -- is gone. It might well be that his former domination or even his competitive desire goes with it. Still, he has a chance to attain something more human. When he re-emerges, Woods will have truly suffered. Not knee-injury suffering, not even loss-of-father suffering. Rather the kind of suffering that heroes who have ruined their charmed lives confront at the climax of Shakespearean tragedy.
Just as it isn't an overstatement to see the fallen Woods in such a context, so it is difficult to understate the potential scale of his redemption. Through all his folly, Woods has made passing Nicklaus' major record an even greater feat than it would have been without it. Because the ultimate measure of a man is not what he achieves, it's what he overcomes.
This is Jaime Diaz's eighth annual assessment of Tiger Woods' career. For past stories, click here.
Congratulations @bookkats! You are one CDPHP Cycle contest winners! Stay tuned for more chances to win more prizes! #cycle518 ... See MoreSee Less
Kinderhook Bank is happy to support local community organizations that help families, businesses and neighbors in our service areas like the Colonie PBA, Palmer Engine & Hose Co., The Morris Memorial, Mental Health Assoc. of Columbia-Greene, Albany Rowing Center, Stuyvesant Falls Memorial Post No. 9593, East Greenbush Fire Co.,Spencertown Fire Co., Clarion Concerts and Crellin Park. Thank you for everything you do! ... See MoreSee Less
Congratulations to Schenectady Operator Robert C. for winning the United Way Step Up Challenge!!This picture combination makes us happy. Robert did right for his community by increasing a donation to United Way and our funded agencies. Robert has VISA gift cards to spend on next week's vacation. UNITED, we fight, UNITED, we win!
Capital District Transportation Authority - CDTA ... See MoreSee Less
Thanks to our newest FB fans…we like you too! :) ... See MoreSee Less
Work has begun on this important project at Washington and Lark where pedestrian safety improvements and amenities for transit customers will be made. ... See MoreSee Less Washington Avenue Transit & Pedestrian Safety Project Begins | www.cdta.org cdta.org July 26, 2017 Construction of New Lark & Washington Intersection Starts July 26th ALBANY, NY (July 26, 2017) The Capital District Transportation Authority (CDTA) has announced construction is underway...
Who wants a pass to Saratoga Race Course? ... See MoreSee Less CDPHP Cycle Hey CDPHP Cycle Fans!!! Want a FREE season pass to Saratoga Race Course? Just take a selfie of you and a CDPHP Cycle bike in front of Saratoga Race Course and tag it #SaratogaCycle! For your chance t...
No plans for Friday night? How about a casual, non-competitive ride every Friday! Need a bike? You can rent from one of ours CDPHP Cycle Discover Schenectady
Friday Night Ride!Great Flats BrewingBike Old Dorp continues its summer 2017 season with a Friday Night Ride! Meet at Great Flats around 5:30 to leave at 6.
All riders also get $1 off their first draft thanks to the amazing people at Great Flats!
So come join us for a fun and casual ride around Schenectady, and stay if you can for some good beer.
As always, all BIKE OLD DORP rides are ride-at-your-own-risk. The safest way to ride is with a helmet and reflectors/lights. ... See MoreSee Less
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Ronnie O'Sullivan drew level in the snooker record books with Steve Davis and Stephen Hendry on a night to savour in York.
Now the 42-year-old is being tipped to push to become the most successful player the sport has ever seen, by seven-time world champion Hendry himself.
O'Sullivan landed his sixth Betway UK Championship title on Sunday, matching the tournament record set by Davis in the 1980s.
He crushed 2008 UK champion Shaun Murphy's hopes of a second title success as he pulled away in the evening to clinch a 10-5 victory at the Barbican.
O'Sullivan racked up breaks of 75, 104, 76, 103, 86 and 59 in a startling session, wasting no time in pocketing the £170,000 top prize.
The achievement also moved O'Sullivan level with Hendry's never-beaten haul of 18 titles at the sport's Triple Crown majors, the series made up of the UK Championship, World Championship and Masters.
A 19th major could beckon at the Masters next month, and the retired Hendry believes O'Sullivan's recent remarks that he does not care about results are a smokescreen for serious ambition.
Scottish sporting great Hendry, now a BBC pundit, said: "Ronnie can say what he wants about how he doesn't care, but when he gets to that table does he look like he doesn't care? I don't think so.
"He wants to win and perhaps when he loses he's got other things in his life, but he's a winner. There's no doubt in my mind he knows how many he's got and he knows how many he needs to get."
In 7 weeks, Ronnie O'Sullivan has:
Won 3 ranking titles ✅
Pocketed £450,000 ✅
Won a record-equalling 6th UK title ✅@robwalkertv gets his reaction... #baizeofglory @betway pic.twitter.com/XzNPaZYkNB — World Snooker (@WorldSnooker1) December 10, 2017
The record for the most ranking titles still belongs to Hendry, but his tally of 36 is being chased down by O'Sullivan, whose three tournament triumphs in the past two months have left him just five short. He competes at the Scottish Open this week.
"I just love playing and love competing and I can't believe I'm still playing at 42, with all these grey hairs"
O'Sullivan said of his latest big-stage victory: "The records are great. I tried my best all week and there's nothing left.
"I'm over the moon to win any tournament, let alone the UK Championship.
"I just love playing and love competing and I can't believe I'm still playing at 42, with all these grey hairs.
"Maybe snooker's becoming an old man's game now, you just don't know. It was a young man's game in the nineties and 2000s, but now a lot of older players are doing alright."
Murphy led the praise for O'Sullivan, saying: "He's the greatest player we've ever seen. Ronnie can go on for as long as he wants. He's the fittest player around, he's the most talented. There's nothing to stop him."
Whether O'Sullivan returns to defend his UK title in 2018 remains to be seen. He said in the week leading up to the York final that he fancies a turn in the money-spinning I'm A Celebrity jungle, following in the footsteps of fellow snooker stars Davis and Jimmy White.
Xavier coach rips St. John's after game ends in scuffle First, Chris Mack's team hammered St. John's on its home floor, and then the Xavier coach threw salt in the wound, blaming the ninth-seeded Red Storm for a minor altercation...
Shamorie Ponds health question could determine St. John's fate St. John's has seen the best of Shamorie Ponds. The Red Storm know what the dynamic sophomore southpaw guard from Brooklyn, an All-Big East first-team selection, is capable of. They...
This time St. John's missed Shamorie Ponds PROVIDENCE, R.I. — The Red Storm couldn't win two in a row without Shamorie Ponds. Rodney Bullock scored 13 points with eight rebounds, Kyron Cartwright added 10 points and the...
Reality is setting in for St. John's, 'the best 0-11 team' ever It doesn't make sense. When St. John's coach Chris Mullin sees the stat sheet in front of him, his team's Big East record (0-11) looks like a misprint. Somehow, a...
St. John's guard challenged the tallest player in NCAA and won LAKE BUENA VISTA, Fla. — The crowd was anticipating a dunk, watching with baited breath as Tacko Fall gathered in the errant pass that caromed off the rim deep in...
St. John's loses lead, then undefeated record in 3-point barrage LAKE BUENA VISTA, Fla. — There was the molasses-slow start and the missed defensive assignments with an eight-point lead. There was poor execution once Missouri switched to a zone and...
St. John's coasts to victory in the ugliest possible fashion St. John's isn't back yet — and was just reminded showing up won't be enough to get there. Coming off a supposed statement win over Nebraska, St. John's lacked focus...
St. John's shows why there is reason for hope If you looked ahead, you could see the issues that may ultimately derail St. John's biggest dreams, the potential problems that have been lurking for months. St. John's opened its...
What St. John's senior learned from testing NBA draft waters The response was nearly unanimous. Bashir Ahmed's decision to enter his name into the NBA draft was met with a mixture of surprise and sarcasm. His name couldn't be found...
Smriti's Heartfelt Message
One of the most watched Indian television soaps, Kyunki Saas Bhi Kabhi Bahu Thi completes 18 years, and this is how the creator Ekta Kapoor and actress Smriti Irani took a dig at it. The family drama that first aired in the year 2000 gained immense popularity during its tenure and Smriti Irani, who played the role of Tulsi became a household name!
Ekta Kapoor Trolls The Character
Upon reading Smriti's post, Ekta Kapoor commented on one of the characters on the show. She rather trolled the character Mihir, that was often played by different actors. The director said, "Hahahah har hafte mihir badalte the",which translates to, each week a different person played Mihir's role. - (sic)
Smriti Irani's Reply To Ekta's Trolling
Agreeing to what Ekta Kapoor said about Mihir's role being played by different actors each week, Smriti Irani replied, "tell me about it!! Daily set pe aake poochna padta tha kal wala Mihir hai ki gaya." - (sic)
Ekta Says KSBKBT Changed Her Life
Ekta Kapoor also had a very sweet message to share with her fans and cast on the occasion of the show completing 18 years. She took to her Instagram handle to post an old picture taken alongside Smriti Irani and captioned it as, "18 years ago this day @starplus and @sameern changed my life ! N a star unimaginable from a relatively new medium was born @smritiiraniofficial ! Thanku @ronitboseroy @shobha9168 @rajeshjoshi n all who made this show #18yearsofkyunkiandkbc #18yearsofkyunkisaasbhikabhibahuthi"- (sic)
One Of The Longest Running Shows!
Unlike many family dramas that fail to impress the audience, Kyunki Saas Bhi Kabhi Bahu Thi aired for a period of 8 years with a total of 1833 episodes! The legendary show was one of its kind that defined and re-defined family values in various ways. Would you be excited to see a sequel to this show? Write in the comments below.
Despite worries, no traffic problems on first day at Libertyville High School
hello
Despite concerns that on-campus construction would cause traffic problems on the first day of school Monday, Libertyville High School officials said things went smoothly and all students made it to class on time. Courtesy of Libertyville High School
Despite fears that a new traffic flow and parking rules at Libertyville High School would create havoc on the first day of classes, officials said things went smoothly Monday morning.
All students were inside the building by 7:25 a.m., five minutes before first period started, Libertyville-Vernon Hills Area High School District 128 Superintendent Prentiss Lea said in a Facebook post.
"The back gate student parking entrance was clear at 7:20 a.m., and the front entrance student drop off drive was clear at 7:25 a.m.," Lea wrote.
Lea thanked parents, students and employees for leaving home earlier, carpooling, riding the bus or taking other steps to get to school on time.
The construction of a new indoor aquatic center on campus, 708 W. Park Ave., forced the traffic and parking changes.
Under the new traffic plan, the main campus road at Dawes Street should be used in the morning only by buses and parents dropping off students. In the afternoon, bus drivers and parents picking up students will use this gate.
Students and employees parking on campus can leave campus using the main gate in the afternoon.
An east entrance at Sunset Drive and Linden Lane should be used in the morning only by students and employees parking on campus.
That east gate will be used by students and employees leaving campus in the afternoon. Parents can use the entrance to pickup students in the afternoon.
Mettawa resident Larry Falbe, the parent of a Libertyville High sophomore, said Monday morning's drop-off went smoothly for him.
"There was a little more congestion than usual for 7 a.m., but then again, it was the first day of school," he said.
As for parking, students and visitors can park in the lot on the east side of the building, as usual.
But only students will be allowed to park in the lot near the tennis courts, while the lot on the north side of the building will be reserved for employees.
Additionally, on-campus student parking will be reserved for seniors who won spots in a lottery. The parking lot at the Brainerd athletic compound east of the school will be reserved for seniors, too.
The special counsel investigating Russian meddling in last year's presidential election has now expanded the probe and is examining whether President Trump tried to obstruct justice, according to a report.
The Washington Post reported Wednesday that Robert Mueller's investigation into the election has now widened to include the president. The probe reportedly zeroed in on Trump after he fired then-FBI Director James Comey in May, who testified last week he believed he was terminated because of his investigation into Russia's influence on the election.
"I was fired because of the Russia investigation... to change the way the Russia investigation was being conducted," Comey said. "That is a very big deal."
Citing multiple unnamed officials, the Post reported that the investigation into Trump began within days of Comey's termination. As the head of the FBI, Comey had been in charge of the Russia investigation, which began last year.
Trump's attorney, Marc Kasowitz, did not immediately respond to a BuzzFeed News request for comment, but did not deny the Post report in a statement issued to media moments after the story was published.
"The FBI leak of information regarding the President is outrageous, inexcusable and illegal," Mark Corallo, a spokesperson for Kasowitz, said.
Investigators have also been looking into potential financial crimes committed by Trump's associates, the Post reported.
The investigation into Trump reportedly will involve interviewing Director of National Intelligence Daniel Coats, National Security Agency chief Michael Rogers, and Richard Ledgett, who recently resigned his post as a deputy director at the NSA. Officials told the Post that investigators were interested in a March 22 conservation during which Trump pulled Coats aside and discussed the Russia investigation.
Coats reportedly said after that conversation that Trump asked if he could get the investigation to change its focus away from Michael Flynn, the president's first national security advisor who was ousted in February.
The conversation with Coats happened after Comey testified to congress that the FBI was investigating the possibility that Trump's campaign coordinated efforts with the Russians.
Comey's firing has been a source of considerable controversy for the Trump administration. Last week, in addition to saying he was fired over the Russia investigation, Comey accused the White House of spreading "lies, plain and simple" about him and the FBI.
The former FBI director also discussed detailed memos he kept after his interactions with Trump because “I knew there might come a day where I might need a record to defend not just myself but the FBI," he said. The memos catalog several pivotal moments Comey allegedly had with Trump, including the president demanding "loyalty."
Obstruction of justice is a serious crime. However, a finding that Trump committed wrongdoing wouldn't spark an ordinary criminal case because it is unclear, and according to many experts unlikely, that a sitting president could be indicted. However, Congress could review any findings of wrongdoing and decide to move forward with the impeachment process.
SHARE COPY LINK Andrew Holland died while in custody at San Luis Obispo County Jail in 2017, after being restrained for 46 hours. This is a look at the events that led to his death, the county's response and the inmates who have died in custody since Holland. Matt Fountain
Andrew Holland died while in custody at San Luis Obispo County Jail in 2017, after being restrained for 46 hours. This is a look at the events that led to his death, the county's response and the inmates who have died in custody since Holland. Matt Fountain
Opinion Focus: The October 1 independence referendum in Catalonia has plunged Spain into a constitutional crisis, threatening to undermine the post-Franco settlement. Here is the best of our comment and analysis
NEW YORK — Serena Williams has launched a fashion collection soon after participating in her first major tennis tournament in 16 months, dressed in a black "warrior princess" catsuit, no less.
But don't look for her French Open outfit among the athleisure, office and evening clothes on her new namesake website , the only place her duds are available.
Following collaborations with HSN and Nike, Williams' "Serena" line includes an "S'' motif and comfortable price points.
The letter adorns bralettes and high briefs, along with a T-shirt with the name of her childhood home, Compton.
A speeding motorcyclist may have been driving under the influence of drugs when he crashed near San Pasqual High School, leaving him with serious injuries, California Highway Patrol (CHP) officials said.
The crash happened in Escondido Monday at approximately 9:52 a.m. when a 22-year-old man, who has not been identified, was seen driving eastbound on Mary Lane, west of Prince Street, at a high rate of speed, CHP Officer Mark Latulippe said.
Witnesses reported seeing the man trying to pass traffic over a double yellow line, Latulippe said.
After passing a car, he navigated back to the eastbound lane. That was when he lost control of his motorcycle, Latulippe said.
The man collided with a rock, which sent him flying from his motorcycle, Latulippe said. The motorcycle struck a pole adjacent to the highway, and the motorcyclist came to rest on the right shoulder of the road.
The man was taken to Palomar Medical Center with major injuries.
CHP officials suspect drug use may be a factor in the collision.
No further information is available.
CHARLOTTE, N.C. (AP) — A North Carolina church had to evacuate after an electrical fire broke out before a Sunday service.
WBTV reports that the electrical fire happened around 8:20 a.m. Sunday morning at the Park Expo and Conference Center. No injuries were reported.
Charlotte-Mecklenburg police said that while crews battled the blaze, the building had to be evacuated.
The building houses The Park Church.
'Endless Summer' surf film director Bruce Brown dies at 80
hello
LOS ANGELES -- Bruce Brown, director of the classic surfing film "The Endless Summer," has died. He was 80.
The general manager of Brown's film company Alex Mecl says Brown died Sunday in Santa Barbara, California, of natural causes.
Brown and his 1966 documentary "The Endless Summer" created the modern image of surfers as spiritual seekers on a quest, rather than thugs or buffoons.
And, along with the Beach Boys, he took surfing from a quirky hobby to a fundamental part of American culture.
"Endless Summer" was actually Brown's sixth surfing film, and like all the others it was shot on a tiny budget with Brown performing nearly every duty, from camera man to narrator.
The film follows two surfers as they hop hemispheres to constantly surf wherever it is summer.
Their charisma and the film's beauty made it an unlikely hit.
Wolves single-game tickets on sale Friday
hello
Individual tickets for the Chicago Wolves' 38-game regular-season home schedule go on sale at 11 a.m. on Friday, Aug. 18. Tickets start at only $11.
The Wolves celebrate their 24th home opener at 7 p.m. on Saturday, Oct. 14, at Allstate Arena against the Ontario Reign. It marks the first of 17 Saturday night home dates for the defending Central Division titlists, whose American Hockey League schedule also features 10 Sunday matinees and three school-day games.
Fans can purchase individual tickets by calling Ticketmaster at (800) 745-3000, visiting any Ticketmaster outlet or the Allstate Arena box office, or going online at chicagowolves.com or ticketmaster.com. Fans who don't want to wait until Friday to secure their seats can select from a variety of season-ticket packages now. The Wolves offer customized options -- everything from the full-season Alpha Wolf to the 10-voucher Flex Pack -- that are designed to fit every fan's preferences throughout the season. To learn more about the deals on season tickets, group outings and birthday celebrations, visit ChicagoWolves.com or call 1-800-THE-WOLVES.
A majority of UK business leaders rely on accountants when making funding decisions for their company, according to a poll by MarketInvoice.
The London and Manchester-based business finance specialist conducted a survey online and by email last month, canvassing the opinions of managers, directors and C-level post holders at 3,874 UK businesses, with 56% agreeing that accountants are their most important external advisers when considering business finance options.
By contrast, only 23% said that commercial finance brokers were their most important source and advice, while only 6% would consider speaking to a bank directly.
The survey also found that 38% of the businesses surveyed anticipate a cash squeeze within the next six months. Asked what source of additional funding they would resort to 35% said they would turn to invoice finance, while 30% would choose bank overdrafts and 7% would look to their business credit card.
Those businesses unable to remedy their cash squeeze acknowledge compromises will have to be made. The research shows that 34% would forfeit expansion plans, while 33% said they would forgo launching new products and 20% would opt for reducing marketing spend.
“Accountants and commercial finance brokers are increasingly becoming the default go-to for companies seeking advice on business finance, especially where funding is required quickly,” commented Darvish Heshejin, head of partnerships at MarketInvoice
“It's imperative that these professionals are aware of the wider funding opportunities available to provide the best, most comprehensive advice to their clients and find the solution that fits.”
The company plans to mount a series of regional seminars across the UK at which it will introduce fintech adoptions for accountancy practitioners and present to businesses and professionals.
0 views
Want Warriors news in your inbox? Sign up for the free DubsDaily newsletter.
OAKLAND — When Cleveland coach Tyronn Lue decided to take a leave of absence on March 17 because of health concerns, Warriors' coach Steve Kerr reached out to him with a phone call. On Wednesday, a day before the Warriors host the Cavaliers in Game 1 of The Finals, Kerr revealed what he said.
“I just tried to share some of my experience when I was out last year,” Kerr said. “The main message was you can't allow what feels like the enormity of the job to interfere with your health and your recovery and whatever you need to do. I just told him the team will still be there when you get back.”
Lue, 41, said in a statement in March that he had “chest pains and other troubling symptoms, compounded by a loss of sleep.”
It was something Kerr could relate to after having struggled with health issues of his own. He had to miss the first 43 games of the 2015-16 season because of complications that stemmed from a back surgery. He also sat out the Warriors' first 11 playoff games last year.
Kerr and Lue exchanged multiple texts, with Kerr pointing out that his health was paramount.
“Sometimes I think in this job because there is so much passion from the fan bases, and because everybody wants to win so badly, it feels bigger than it really is,” Kerr said. “So just kind of reminder that we're playing a sport. Get better.”
Lue returned to the sidelines on April 5 and, on Wednesday, he said Kerr's words meant a lot to him.
“Just hearing from Steve, and he's been through something similar, it was great to hear him and talk to him and pick his brain about different circumstances,” Lue said. “So he was great. I appreciate all the support he gave me, along with all the rest of the NBA family. I really don't want to share much of what he talked about, but he was just very supportive. Just told me to get myself healthy, and let's make another strong run at it. So here we are again.”
Kerr went on to praise Lue, whom he said is underappreciated as a coach.
“I'm a big fan of Ty's,” Kerr said. “I don't think he gets enough credit, frankly. But that's probably the burden of coaching LeBron [James]. There are a lot of benefits, but there's a burden too. And Ty has done a phenomenal job with that team. Made great adjustments throughout the playoffs when they've been in some holes. So we have great respect for their coaching staff, and I'm really thrilled he's back and looking healthy.”
Like our Warriors Facebook page for more Warriors news, commentary and conversation.
Widnes have confirmed the signing of former Wigan centre Anthony Gelling on a two-year deal – a transfer first exclusively revealed by League Express last month.
The Grand Final-winning centre will link up with the Vikings for the start of next season, having secured a move back to Super League following a one-year stint in the NRL with New Zealand Warriors.
Widnes says the deal ‘demonstrates the club's ambition – bringing an experienced leader to feature alongside the Vikings' burgeoning young talent'.
“I'm delighted to be joining Widnes Vikings,” the Cook Islands international said. “Looking at the talent at the club, their players who have re-signed, and the young lads who are coming through, I believe that the Vikings have real potential for the seasons ahead.
“Before signing this deal, I spoke in length to James Rule. He shared the club's vision for the coming seasons and I'm very excited to have the opportunity to be part of this. Widnes have had a tough season this year, but I know that we can turn this around. I am looking forward to linking up with the boys next year in 2019 and to making a difference to the side.
“I know from experience that the Vikings have brilliant supporters and I can't wait to get out in front of them next year. I'm grateful to everyone continues to get behind the boys this year and look forward to wearing black and white next season.”
Vikings CEO James Rule said: “Anthony is a fantastic signing for this club and a real signal of intent for what we want to achieve in the coming seasons. There is no doubt about the quality that he offers and the impact that he can make on the team.
“Having spoken to him on several occasions in recent months, as we have finalised this deal, it's been genuinely exciting to hear Anthony talk about his belief in the potential of this squad and his aspirations to help the Vikings progress.
“He has seen our established players, like Gil Dudson and Matt Whitley, and our emerging young talent, like Danny Walker, Brad Walker and Owen Farnworth, all commit for the seasons ahead and believes in the foundations being set here. Anthony has plenty to offer to this squad, both on and off the field, and will enrich our team. I'd like to thank everyone who backs the team, through Membership and investing in what we do, who are vital in making opportunities like this possible.”
It's time for your latest batch of record reviews, courtesy of Kevin Bryan.
Mike Zito - Make Blues Not War (Ruf Records). The co-founder of the excellent Royal Southern Brotherhood is now firmly established as a top notch solo performer, and Zito's new Ruf CD soared into the higher reaches of the Billboard Blues Chart on the day of its release. The Missouri-born singer and guitarist's sterling efforts are aided and abetted here by fellow bluesmen Walter Trout and Jason Ricci as he unveils what is arguably his finest offering to date, blessed with muscular gems such as Highway Mama and the harmonica-led Chicago blues of the robust title track.
The Ladies Sing the Blues - (Union Square). This inexpensive new two-CD anthology focusses attention on an interesting selection of archive recordings culled from the back catalogues of many of the leading lights of jazz and blues during the 30s, 40s and 50s. Classic offerings from the likes of Bessie Smith, Billie Holiday and Ella Fitzgerald are given an airing alongside lesser known but equally compelling ditties such as Sippie Wallace's I'm A Mighty Tight Woman and the formidable Memphis Minnie's 1933 country blues opus, Too Late.
Robyn Stapleton - Songs of Robert Burns (Laverock Records). This wide-ranging celebration of the work of Scotland's national bard finds Robyn Stapleton in peerless form as she explores the themes of history, humanity, love and nature via some of Burns' most iconic musical creations. The use of a string quartet lends added charm to fine tracks such as Westlin' Winds and Parcel O'Rogues, contrasting nicely with the much more traditionally folksy flavour of Tae the Weavers and Comin' Through The Rye.
Lucie Horsch - Vivaldi (Decca Classics). The contents of this splendid new offering from 16-year-old recorder prodigy Lucie Horsch should come as a pleasant surprise to those culturally deprived listeners whose knowledge of the musical landscapes created by Antonio Vivaldi‘s extends only as far as the perenially popular Four Seasons and, sadly, no further. This prolific composer actually penned a vast body of work during the course of his lengthy career, and Lucie displays her natural affinity for the gifted Venetian's vivid Baroque repertoire as she tackles a beguiling assortment of concertos and transcriptions in close collaboration with the Amsterdam Vivaldi Players.
Hacking for hire is on the rise, and it's getting very lucrative.
They are almost all male and almost always work alone. They carry out their activities primarily for the heck of it, but they aren't shy about reaping the rewards for their efforts, which often inhabit the misty ethical borderline between public service and criminality.
However you choose to categorize it, hacking is now one of the few new job opportunities that are rising in an age in which many employment options are diminishing.
In fact, according to a survey released by HackerOne — a San Francisco-based hacker and bug bounty platform — hacking for fun and profit is burgeoning.
The company — which since its founding in 2012 has seen its participants reap $23 million in rewards ($10 million of that in 2017) for legal or “ethical” hackers — surveyed 1,700 of its members from nearly 200 countries who have successfully reported one or more security vulnerabilities.
The results indicate that hacking, and the “bug bounty” rewards that come with it, can be life changing.
In fact, hacking into systems is rapidly becoming more rewarding than designing those systems in the first place.
In India, home to the largest hacker community, top hackers earn 16 times the median salary of software engineers.
Even in the US, where computer programmers typically make much more than their Indian counterparts, top hackers bring in 2.4 times the salary of their programmer counterparts.
About 37 percent say they hack as a hobby in their spare time, and 12 percent say they earn more than $20,000 a year doing it.
More than 3 percent bring in over $100,000, and 1.1 percent report making over $350,000, with 25 percent of respondents relying on hacking for more than half their income.
For his part, HackerOne co-founder Alex Rice says that hacking, despite its criminal reputation, should be recognized as a legitimate pursuit.
“The hacker community is dramatically skewed in favor of those who wouldn't do anything illegal,” he says.
Amazon is in the test stages. And 7-Eleven is already doing it.
But should you consider drone delivery for your business? Before you make your decision consider this: less than half of Americans (47 percent) say they're interested in deliveries using the technology.
That's according to a new study by technology company ReportLinker.
Demand for Drone Delivery is Low, For Now
Concerns Over Privacy, Security and Regulations
Consumers' concerns over drone delivery stems from their privacy and security concerns. Drones are also perceived as a nuisance.
Government regulations can address these issues, but so far U.S. regulators are very limiting. That's why, Amazon started testing drones in the U.K. instead.
Meanwhile, 7-Eleven is becoming a contender, having already commenced limited commercial drone delivery even with the tight U.S. regulations.
Clothes and Electronics Likely to Make the Best of Drone Delivery
But despite the public's disinterest, there are some services that may benefit from drone delivery.
According to the report, if drone delivery becomes available consumers will be most interested in using it to deliver clothes and apparel (27 percent) and electronics (14 percent).
On the other hand, consumers are less keen on having drones deliver them games (5 percent), cosmetics (5 percent) or movies (4 percent).
Fast Delivery is a Big Positive for Consumers According to Another Survey
Interestingly, another recent study (PDF) conducted by The United States Postal Service (USPS) found that a majority of consumers (56 percent) believe drone delivery will be faster.
Consumers also believe deliveries made by drones would be environmentally-friendly (53 percent).
Much like the ReportLinker survey, the USPS study also found security concerns among consumers.
AMES, Iowa — Iowa State guard Lindell Wigginton says he is withdrawing from consideration for the NBA Draft and returning to school for his sophomore season.
The native of Dartmouth, N.S., who averaged 16.7 points and 2.8 assists a game as a freshman, announced his plans on Wednesday.
Wigginton and fellow newcomer Cameron Lard gave the Cyclones a pair of young cornerstone players in what was a rebuilding season a year ago. Wigginton broke Iowa State's record for points by a freshman, topping 20 on 13 different occasions.
Though Wigginton had a strong initial season in Ames, he wasn't expected to get drafted — especially after playing mostly at shooting guard despite standing just six-foot-two.
A San Diego resident died this week from complications due to the influenza virus marking first local flu-related death of this season.
County health officials said the 86-year-old man had not been vaccinated and died on Oct. 1. He had existing medical conditions and tested positive for influenza A.
"This death is an unfortunate reminder that influenza can be fatal," said Wilma Wooten, M.D., M.P.H., County public health officer. "The seasonal influenza vaccine is widely available and we urge everyone six months of age and older to get it before flu activity increases."
Health officials are urging the public to take precautionary measures to avoid the virus, including getting the flu vaccine every year. Currently, the flu vaccine protects against pandemic H1N1, influenza A H3N2 and influenza B strains.
"The best protection against the flu is to get vaccinated, and the time to do it is now," Wooten added.
Some recommendations to avoid contracting the virus:
Wash hands thoroughly and often
Use hand sanitizers
Stay away from sick people
Avoid touching your eyes, nose and mouth
Clean commonly touched surfaces
If you are sick, stay home and avoid contact with others
Last flu season, 86 San Diego County residents died from influenza including two children, health officials said.
The county is sponsoring free flu shot clinics this month. County public health centers have the flu vaccine available for children and adults who don't have medical insurance. For a list of locations, visit this site or call 211.
The vaccine is also available throughout San Diego County at doctors' offices and retail pharmacies.
R.D. Raines, age 91, passed away peacefully March 18, 2018 at home surrounded by family and friends.
Pallbearers will be grandsons, Eugene Neal, Tony Hicks, Jonathan Woodson, Michael Woodson, Matthew Sanford and son, Joe Raines. Honorary pallbearers will be Michael Thomas Sable, Joshua Carl Reagan, Eric Todd, Donnie Raines, James Palmer, Austin Gill and Jarrod Gill.
R.D. was born Sept. 3, 1926 to the late William Walter and Laura Smith Raines in Estill Springs. He was a painter by trade. He married Theresa Fox on March 14, 1950 in Laurel, Indiana. His beloved wife, Theresa, preceded him in death, as well as his children, Margaret Lucille Price, Winters Eugene Neal; and granddaughters, Patricia Tankersley, Wendy Evans, Samantha Craddock; brothers, Tommy, James, Hershel, Bill and Buddy Raines; and sisters, Mozetta Woodson and Eileen Hatten.
R.D. was a minister of the Gospel of Jesus Christ for more than 50 years. He served the Navajo and Ute Indian reservations in the Four Corners area of the U.S. in the late 1960s. He tirelessly worked to support missions until his death. He pastored two churches, Beulah Church in Tellico Plains and Hosanna Fellowship Church in Lebanon. In 2001, he went on a mission trip at age 75 to Uganda, East Africa.
R.D. was known as an encourager to all who knew him. He impacted countless lives by keeping the golden rule, treating others as you would like them to treat you. He inspired the living to be good to their neighbors and to always keep hope alive. He was known for making others feel good about themselves, always showing love to everyone.
R.D. is survived by his children, Patty (Jack) Amos, Rosalee (Richard) Woodson, Martha (Billy) Mullinax, Becky (Tom) Sable, Joanna (James) Reagan, Marietta (Dwain) Haley, Joseph Aaron Raines; sisters, Loretta (Harold) Moon, Bobbie Champion; 31 grandchildren; 57 great-grandchildren; and 24 great-great-grandchildren.
The family would like to thank the girls at Shoney's for their care and support during his breakfasts there, and to the staff at Tennova's second floor north tower, from administrative to housekeeping, they were excellent in their care for our father. In lieu of flowers, please make memorial donations to the Mission Fund at Hosanna Fellowship Church.
Sellars Funeral Home in Lebanon is in charge of arrangements, 615-444-9393.
With The Lebanon Democrat's new obituary email newsletter, you can stay up to date and have the latest obituary notices sent directly to your inbox as they are published. Click here to sign up today.
Subscribe to read: Financial Times
Clash of Clans maker Supercell looks to acquire as sales stall
Watch, Text, and Win Tickets To 'Love Never Dies'Try to win a pair of tickets to Love Never Dies by answering the question seen in our contest commercial. Just text the correct answer and you're entered.
Sign-Up Now For Our 2017 Knockout PoolPut your football expertise to the test for your chance at $5,000.
Have What It Takes To Win? Sign-Up NowPick a winner for every game each week for your chance at $5000.
Get The CBSMiami Weather AppGet the new CBSMiami Weather app and stay up to date on severe weather in South Florida.
Alternate Means Of Entry For CBS Miami Texting ContestsNo mobile phone or texting plan? No problem! You can enter online for any contest on CBS Miami by entering here as an alternate means of entry.
WQAM (AM) Contest and Promotion RulesUnless otherwise specified by Radio Station WQAM (AM) (the “Station”), these rules cover routine contests and promotions conducted by the Station. These rules may be amended by separate specific rules for major contests or promotions conducted by the Station or its sponsors.
British Colombia's Premier John Horgan, environmentalist-extraordinaire Tzeporah Berman, the other leaders of the anti-Trans Mountain expansion (TMX) movement and their minions have lost the pipeline war. Some of them appear to recognize this fact, and will likely capitulate in the near future, especially with additional inducements, and others will require more forceful persuasion to accept the inevitable.
By agreeing to purchase Houston-based Kinder Morgan's Canadian assets for $4.5 billion, Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and his ruling Liberal Party have staked their political future on having TMX constructed in a timely fashion in an attempt to protect the Canadian constitution and federalism, the country's economy and the rule of law — in a nutshell, the national interest. The feds know as well as anyone what it will take to twin the pipeline — get the B.C. government to stop laying legal landmines in the project's path; and crush the anti-TMX protest movement as quickly and humanely as possible — and given what is at stake, will likely use a combination of carrots and sticks to do so.
In response to the feds announcement on the morning of May 29, Horgan indicated that the change in the pipeline's ownership does not change his government's concerns about the TMX project, in particular, the potential negative impact of a diluted bitumen spill on the province's offshore waters, coastline and economy. He also indicated that the Trudeau government's decision to nationalize Trans Mountain would not change his government's current effort to contest exclusive federal jurisdiction over the TMX project with the B.C. Court of Appeal on environmental grounds.
But on a more optimistic note, Horgan said his government's concerns about TMX will be easier to address with the feds taking charge of the project, suggesting the potential for compromise and ultimately an end to new legal challenges by B.C. — Kinder Morgan has won all 16 lawsuits against the project by a variety of claimants to date. In terms of potential inducements for B.C., it would appear logical for the feds to offer at least additional funding and resources for its $1.5 billion Ocean Protection Plan.
In contrast, the eco-warriors are on the warpath. In a statement released by Stand.earth on the day of the feds' announcement, Tzeporah Berman, the organization's new deputy director, said:
“This decision will haunt the Trudeau government. Those of us who knocked on doors for him will not forget that he took billions of dollars from Canadian families to buy out an oil pipeline that violates Indigenous rights and our commitments on climate change. Thousands of people have committed to stand with Indigenous leaders to stop this pipeline. All hell is about to break loose in British Columbia.”
It is common knowledge that civil disobedience movements grow over time and become more virulent, until they get what they are fighting for — for example, the Berman-led War in the Woods at Clayoquot Sound on Vancouver Island in the early 1990s — or are violently crushed — for example, the No Dakota Access Pipeline movement at the Standing Rock Indian Reservation from April 2016 to February 2017.
As a result, we should expect a preponderant show of force by the feds once the anti-TMX protests begin in earnest in an attempt to minimize their growth, and hence, the amount of violence that will ultimately be needed to crush them. This force will include a large, well-trained police presence on the ground, and possibly members of the Canadian Armed Forces — based on a December 2016 comment by Minister of Natural Resources Jim Carr, despite the minister walking it back at the time.
In this case, Justin would simply be taking a page out of his father's playbook. Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau quickly crushed the Quebec Liberation Front (FLQ) by evoking the War Measures Act in October 1969. Although not as catchy, Justin's TMX mantra, “We're going to get that pipeline built,” may one day be as famous as “Just watch me,” Pierre's comment at the beginning of the October Crisis.
by: The Associated Press
BALTIMORE (AP) — The city of Baltimore has marked its first homicides of 2017.
The Baltimore Sun reports (http://bsun.md/2iXh087) two men were shot and killed Sunday in separate incidents.
In one, a 20-year-old man was found with a gunshot wound to his upper body and pronounced dead at the scene.
In the other, an officer heard gunshots and found a victim inside a car. The man was taken to a hospital, where he died from his injuries.
Baltimore recorded 318 homicides in 2016. The newspaper reports that is the second year in a row, and only the second time since the 1990s, that the city surpassed 300 homicides.
On Sunday, dozens of people gathered on a street corner to recite the names of the victims in what's become an annual gathering.
___
Information from: The Baltimore Sun, http://www.baltimoresun.com
ST. JOHN'S, N.L. — A tiny Newfoundland village is hoping to quickly remove the massive body of a humpback whale that has been stuck there since last fall, fearing the impending odour and mess as warmer weather approaches.
The whale's body was frozen and covered with snow for the winter months in Nameless Cove, but has become an urgent issue for the village.
Hank Diamond, a member of the local service district committee, says Nameless Cove is waiting on a price quote from contractors, and is hoping for provincial assistance.
Diamond reached out to Service NL after Fisheries and Oceans Canada told Nameless Cove the removal of the whale carcass is the municipality's responsibility.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Rajkumar Hirani who is known for his excellent body of work has added another feature to his cap with the phenomenal success of Sanju. After treating the audience with Bollywood classics like Munna Bhai M.B.B.S, 3 Idiots and PK, Rajkumar Hirani brings yet another film which has created a mark on the masses globally.
With Sanju, Rajkumar Hirani has given Ranbir Kapoor's career new boost, just like Sanjay Dutt with Munna Bhai MBBS.
Touted to be a miracle maker, Rajkumar Hirani continue his bull run at the box office as his latest release Sanju is on a record shattering spree.
The film has garnered immense love and appreciation from audience and critics alike a testimony of which is seen at the box office as Sanju mints a whopping amount of 145.41 Cr within 4 days.
Rajkumar Hirani's Sanju saw a Massive opening on Day 1 by minting 34.75 cr which is the biggest non-holiday opener of 2018 followed by marking the biggest Sunday collections ever for a Hindi film.
Sanju also marks to be the 2nd highest non-holiday opening of all time after Baahubali.
Rajkumar Hirani is well known to be a life changer in many ways. Rajkumar Hirani's talent for emotional manipulation made viewers reflect on the need for empathy and humanity in modern medicine (Munnabhai M.B.B.S., 2003), a film which brought back Sanjay Dutt as an actor.
With Sanju's worldwide release and a phenomenal opening has again proved to be a career-saving game for Ranbir Kapoor.
Trade Analyst Taran Adarsh shares, "Rajkumar Hirani continues to WIN HEARTS and WOO BOXOFFICE... Right from #MunnabhaiMBBS to #Sanju, the proficient storyteller's repertoire remains unblemished... #Sanju, his fifth directorial venture, is setting new benchmarks... What next, Raju ji?".
While talking about the same, trade analyst Atul Mohan shares, "After resurrecting Sanjay Dutt's career with Munna Bhai franchise, Miracle maker Rajkumar Hirani boosts Ranbir Kapoor's filmography with Sanju, giving Ranbir the highest opener of his career".
Rajkumar Hirani has time and again treated the audience with films that have gone ahead to create a strong impact on the masses.
The Latest: French president condemns Burkina Faso attack
hello
This image taken from video, early Monday, Aug. 14, 2017, shows a top shot of a street near a Turkish restaurant that came under an attack in Ouagadougou. Suspected Islamic extremists opened fire at a Turkish restaurant in the capital of Burkina Faso late Sunday, killing at least 18 people in the second such attack on a restaurant popular with foreigners in the last two years. (El Hadji Macky Diouf via AP) Associated Press
This image taken from video, early Monday, Aug. 14, 2017, shows an armoured vehicle driving down a street after an attack in Ouagadougou, Burkina Faso. Suspected Islamic extremists opened fire at a Turkish restaurant in the capital of Burkina Faso late Sunday, killing at least 18 people in the second such attack on a restaurant popular with foreigners in the last two years. (@Yabsi1er via AP) Associated Press
OUAGADOUGOU, Burkina Faso -- The Latest on the attack in Burkina Faso (all times local):
10:30 a.m.
French President Emmanuel Macron has condemned the attack by suspected Islamic extremists at a Turkish restaurant in the capital of Burkina Faso and promised France's continued support to countries in West Africa against terror groups.
A statement from the French presidential palace said Macron, who is vacationing in the south of France, would speak about the situation Monday with Burkina Faso's president, Roch Marc Christian Kabore.
It said Macron also praised the "effective mobilization" of Burkina Faso's security forces at the scene and expressed solidarity with the attack victims' families. Among the 18 dead is at least one French person and a Turkish person.
___
10 a.m.
Burkina Faso's government spokesman says that the country's special forces have ended a violent attack on an upscale Turkish restaurant in the West African country's capital, Ouagadougou.
"At this moment our forces have neutralized two terrorists and the number of casualties, still provisional, is 18 dead and several wounded," Communications Minister and government spokesman Remy Danguinou told journalists Monday morning.
He said the dead are "mainly children and women" and the toll could rise because several people were wounded by the gunfire.
At least three members of Burkina Faso's security forces were wounded during the assault, which lasted for at least seven hours, said Capt. Guy Ye, spokesman of the security forces.
___
7 a.m.
Turkey says a Turkish national was killed and another was wounded in the attack by suspected Islamic extremists at a Turkish restaurant in the capital of Burkina Faso.
Turkey's Foreign Ministry released a statement Monday condemning "in the strongest way" the attack on the upscale Aziz Istanbul restaurant which killed at least 18 people.
There was no immediate claim of responsibility for the violence, which continued into the early hours Monday.
The ministry statement said Turkey would maintain its support and solidarity with Burkina Faso, which it said had become the target of international terror over the past years.
___
Suspected Islamic extremists opened fire at a Turkish restaurant in the capital of Burkina Faso late Sunday, killing at least 18 people in the second such attack on a restaurant popular with foreigners in the last two years.
There was no immediate claim of responsibility for the violence, which continued into the early hours Monday. Gunfire could be heard almost seven hours after the attack began.
Communication Minister Remi Dandjinou told journalists that at least 18 people were dead and eight others wounded, according to a provisional toll. He said two of the attackers were also killed.
The victims came from several different nationalities, he said. At least one of the dead was French.
Security forces arrived at the scene with armored vehicles after reports of shots fired near Aziz Istanbul, an upscale restaurant in Ouagadougou. The attack brought back painful memories of the January 2016 attack at another cafe that left 30 people dead.
___
Associated Press journalists Brahima Ouedraogo in Ouagadougou, Suzan Fraser in Ankara, Turkey, and John Leicester in Paris, France contributed to this report.
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
HARRISON TOWNSHIP, Ohio (WDTN) – Over the last 4 months, thirty-seven 911 calls have been made to the Liquid Sports Club in Harrison Township.
The latest was from this weekend, when a man was shot in the parking lot. He's now recovering after being rushed to the hospital with life-threatening injuries.
Caller: “I need an ambulance here now. He's fading out ma'am.”
Dispatch: “They're on the way. Keep firm pressure on the wound.”
That's just one of thirty-seven 911 calls made to the Liquid Sports Club over the last 4 months. Saturday wasn't the first time someone has opened fire outside the bar.
Caller: “There was just a shootout in the back, in the back area. There was, uh, it sounded like a whole bunch of gunfire just happened.”
Caller: “I live next door to Liquid Sports bar on North Main Street and I just heard shots fired.”
Elizabeth Amos has lived in the area for over 17 years. She says she's noticing more violence now than ever before.
“That's very outrageous,” Amos said. “37 calls. That's terrible. I didn't hear that before, but to hear that, that's terrible.”
The bar's owner didn't want to go on camera, but he did tell me security is his top priority. He has officers on staff at all time. He's now considering upping the minimum age to enter the bar from 25-years-old to 30-years-old.
The Liquid Sports Club isn't the only place in Harrison Township seeing violence. Next door, someone tried to break in through the drive-thru window of this Fresh Way. Not once, but twice.
A double shooting was reported at the Whiskey Barn at around 2:30 a.m. Sunday.
“He should clean that place up,” Amos said. “Or move somewhere else.”
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
LAUDERHILL (CBSMiami) – A massive crane collapsed onto several homes in Lauderhill.
The sudden collapse took place around 3:30 p.m. on Wednesday.
The truck that the crane was situated in could be seen toppled on its side.
According to authorities, the crane was there for a power pole installation by Florida Power & Light.
It happened in the area of 4371 Northwest 11th Street.
Lauderhill Fire Rescue Captain Jerry Gonzalez told CBS4 that there were two confirmed injuries but he was not sure if anyone was being transported to a hospital.
Its being reported that the crane operator was also injured but authorities have yet to confirm that.
Images from Chopper4 show the crane sprawled across at least three homes in the residential neighborhood.
Gonzalez also said firefighters were checking the damaged homes for any additional injuries.
PGA Tour winners, they're just like us.
Wesley Bryan notched the biggest victory of his career at the RBC Heritage, a one-shot win over Luke Donald for his first Tour title. It brought with it a two-year exemption, a trip to next year's Masters and a winner's check worth $1.17 million.
It was a big haul for the rookie, and one that led to the first of many celebrations. While Bryan explained on a Facebook Live Q&A that he and wife Elizabeth grabbed a quick bite with friends before leaving the course, the champ had eyes on a celebratory dinner at, of all places, Taco Bell, continuing a winning tradition.
"It's going to be Taco Bell, as soon as we find one on the way home of course," Bryan said. "You best believe the celebration at Taco Bell is about to go down here shortly. Honestly, I ate half my dinner just so I could be ready for it."
True to his word, Bryan and his wife snapped a selfie Sunday night, complete with the plaid jacket he received on the 18th green, after finding a Taco Bell on the drive back to their home in Augusta, Ga.:
'Blacklisted' Ashley Judd and Mira Sorvino arrive at Oscars together The actresses made a statement after director Peter Jackson revealed Harvey Weinstein blacklisted them.
Ashley Judd's brave comeback story after being 'maliciously blacklisted' Judd talked candidly about the Harvey Weinstein scandal and what it's been like to be accepted by Hollywood again.
Ashley Judd heaped with praise at pre-Globes party Guests at the Esquire party congratulated her for speaking out about Harvey Weinstein.
Ashley Judd is writing a new memoir about her sexual assaults The new manuscript has sparked a bidding war, and insiders say she could get an advance of more than $1 million.
Ashley Judd opens up about her tumultuous past She revealed, “I was sexually abused the first time when I was in the second grade, and I'm a teller — ha, Harvey knows that.”
Ashley Judd: 'Tipping point' on sexual harassment is here Judd has been discussing her personal accusations of harassment by Weinstein in recent weeks.
Ashley Judd offered to have sex with Harvey Weinstein to avoid rape Judd opened up for the first time in detail since her making her initial accusations against Weinstein.
We had a great time in Toronto at the annual conference of the Society for Cinema and Media Studies last week, selling books and journals and meeting authors and editors.
Congratulations to Karl Schoonover and Rosalind Galt, whose book Queer Cinema in the World won the Katherine Singer Kovacs award for outstanding scholarship in cinema and media studies.
We enjoyed a wine and cheese party celebrating the relaunch of our Camera Obscura book series (which is associated with our journal of the same name. Archiveology by Catherine Russell and Sisters in the Life edited by Yvonne Welbon and Alexandra Juhasz are the most recent books in the series.
Pamela Wojcik served as president of SCMS this year. She stopped by our booth to pose with her 2010 book The Apartment Plot. Her new edited collection, The Apartment Complex, is out in October.
It's always great to welcome authors and editors to the booth. Here are Lynn Comella, Rielle Navitski, Catherine Russell, and Yvonne Welbon and Alexandra Juhasz.
If you missed the meeting, you don't have to miss the sale! Shop all our great media studies titles now and save 30% using coupon code SCMS18.
GLADSTONE, Mo. — A second suspect is now facing charges in a March 2018 murder in Gladstone.
Christopher Bilbruck, 45, has been charged with second-degree murder, two counts of armed criminal action, unlawful use of a weapon and tampering with physical evidence in Clay County.
Gladstone officers were called to the 6500 block of N. Broadway on a one vehicle crash around 11:30 p.m. Saturday.
When police got to the scene, they found the driver unresponsive with a gunshot wound. The victim, later identified as Paulus Fermin, was taken to a hospital where he died.
A second suspect, Franklin Liles, has also been charged in connection to the deadly shooting.
Bilbruck's bond was set at $1 million, according to the Clay County Sheriff's Office.
Eighty percent of the world's Emperor Goose population breeds on a 10-mile-wide strip that runs from Kongiganak, up the coast of the Yukon Kuskokwim Delta, to Hooper Bay. This year, for the first time in 30 years, federal managers have opened a subsistence hunt for the birds. The geese haven't migrated to the Delta yet, and the feds are trying to encourage conservative hunting of the vulnerable species before they get here.
“With the season opening for Emperor Geese for the first time in 30 years. There is a concern of overharvest of Emperor Geese, because they're ignorant to a lot of hunting activities, because they haven't been harvested, so they haven't learned how to avoid hunters," said Bryan Daniels, a waterfowl biologist with the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service. He says the point is to hunt the birds conservatively so they won't have to close the hunt again.
Here are four suggestions to prevent overharvesting Emperor Geese and keep the population growing:
-Limit how many birds a hunter takes.
-Only take juvenile birds with dark heads as opposed to adult birds with white heads that could be breeding.
-Target one bird at a time instead of spraying the flock.
-And only take one or two eggs from a nest.
That's the information managers are trying to get out to the coastal villages before the birds land on the Delta. Except Friday, they ran into a problem. Instead of being on a plane to Hooper Bay, Daniels was grounded in his Bethel office by fog. This month he's traveling to six YK Delta communities to ask hunters to take it easy on the Emperor Geese.
“I went to Chevak on Wednesday the 12th. I'm supposed to be going to Hooper Bay today. Chefornak on April 17. Toksook Bay on April 19. Nightmute on April 21, and Newtok on April 28,” said Daniels.
With the fog, he never made it to Hooper Bay. That visit has been rescheduled to Tuesday, April 18.
At the villages, Daniels and a Yup'ik-speaking U.S. Fish and Wildlife staff member will present a PowerPoint in Yup'ik and English to the Tribal Council. Their message:
“Hunt conservatively this year, so we can continue hunting them into the future, and we never have to close it again,” said Daniels.
In the mid-1980s, the Emperor Goose population dropped dangerously low, and since then, hunters have abstained from harvesting them to allow the population to grow.
Now, the population is just above the threshold to sustain a hunt, and managers, like Daniels, are urging a conservative approach during this first season.
Along with being unaccustomed to being hunted, Emperor Geese have behaviors that make them vulnerable to overharvest. Like when one is shot, the family members will circle the fallen bird instead of flying away, making them easy targets.
Also, the birds lay eggs later in life, and don't lay every year. And the rates for the birds living past their first year is lower than other geese species.
To help managers see how the harvest goes, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service is hiring one person from each of the six coastal communities they're visiting to collect data.
“There's no personal information written on the sheet," said Daniels. "Just the village that you're from, the date, how many Emperor Geese you've harvested, and then we try to get the age, whether it's an adult or juvenile, the [sex] of the goose, and the weight of the goose.”
The position runs about six weeks from now until the beginning of June. The Emperor Geese are expected to arrive on the YK Delta in mid to late May.
Multiple sources close to Floyd Mayweather Jr. said a deal has not been struck for Mayweather to face UFC lightweight champion Conor McGregor despite a tabloid report indicating the two have agreed to terms on a fight.
According to the Irish Sun, citing an anonymous source, “Conor McGregor and Floyd Mayweather have agreed a deal (sic) to fight and have both settled on their respective fees. The contract hasn't officially been signed yet because of a third party hold-up but all the details have all been agreed on. The fight could even be announced within two weeks.”
But several sources told RingTV.com on Tuesday that while talks are ongoing between the two stars, nothing concrete has been ironed out and the report is likely an attempt by McGregor to gain leverage over the UFC to allow him to face Mayweather.
A separate ESPN.com report said Mayweather told ESPN personality Stephen A. Smith “we're getting very, very close” on a deal without elaborating any further. One of the sources confirmed to THE RING that the talks between Mayweather and McGregor are far along but that no deal has been made.
Officer Justin Sandefur stopped a vehicle Saturday morning on East Baddour Parkway near Carthage Highway. The driver, Seth Lynn Pedigo, 33, of Buffalo Valley, was wanted out of Putnam County and had an expired driver's license.
Sandefur searched the car and found 10 bags of heroin, three bags of meth and drug paraphernalia.
Pedigo was charged with two counts of possession and manufacture with intent for resale, simple possession, driving with a revoked, suspended or cancelled driver's license and possession of drug paraphernalia and booked in at the Wilson County Jail where he remained on $6,000 bond.
The State Street Corporation, a financial services company that put the "Fearless Girl" statue on Wall Street to promote the importance of women working in corporate leadership roles, will pay $5 million after an investigation found that it underpaid female and black executives.
The company denies any wrongdoing, but will pay as part of a settlement with the Department of Labor. Law360 reported on the payout earlier this week, and Bloomberg posted the text of the conciliation agreement online.
The Department of Labor investigation found "statistically significant" differences in the pay given women and men in leadership roles at the firm, as well as between the compensation of black and white employees. The differences persisted when the investigators accounted for "legitimate factors," the Department of Labor says.
A spokeswoman for the company tells NPR the investigation, which began in 2012, examined executive pay at the company's Boston headquarters in 2010 and 2011. In an official statement, the company says it "disagreed with" the findings of the investigation but "made a decision to bring this six-year-old matter to resolution and move forward."
State Street is "committed to equal pay practices," the company's statement continued.
State Street Corporation commissioned the Fearless Girl statue on Wall Street in honor of International Women's Day this year.
The "confident young" girl is staring down the famous Charging Bull statue — much to the chagrin of Arturo Di Modica, that statue's sculptor, who says it unacceptably alters the meaning of his work.
The statuary stand-off gained a new participant for a few hours this spring, when a small pug statue lifted its leg beside the Fearless Girl's foot.
After installing the statue, State Street said the piece of art sent a "powerful message." "[O]ur goal was to raise awareness and drive a conversation around the need to improve gender diversity in corporate leadership roles," the company wrote. It also shared advice on how to increase the representation of women on corporate boards.
The statue had a mixed reaction from the start.
In March, NPR's Rose Friedman reported that some people were charmed by it, but others — like economist Sylvia Ann Hewlett — had fundamental objections. Hewlett didn't criticize State Street itself; she called it more progressive than many of its competitors. But the statue ...
"Please don't depict American womanhood as a cute 9-year-old," Hewlett told Rose. "The choice of portraying the fierce female as someone who is immature, as someone who hasn't tangled with the world, is a little bit of a travesty."
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
The live action version of Beauty and the Beast just came out on DVD, so now's the time for reality for the film.
The Screen Junkies went after it, and didn't take any prisoners with their Honest Trailer.
They take on how Disney just basically copied the animated version instead of putting anything new to the story. They also look at the controversy over Josh Gad's character as a “that's it?” thing.
Enjoy.
A Charlotte County Sheriff's Office K-9 missing since Saturday evening was found dead Monday in North Port.
Edo was discovered missing from his kennel around 8 p.m. in the area of Cranberry Boulevard and Tamiami Trail in North Port.
Edo was last seen around 11 p.m. that night.
Edo's body was found in the area of Cranberry at Velvet and Le May lanes, not far from where he went missing. Deputies have not said how he died, but details will be released soon.
“We are overwhelmed by the support we have received from the community while searching for K9 Edo, both in North Port and Charlotte County,” said Sheriff Bill Prummell. “This was not the outcome we had hoped for, and our thoughts and prayers are with the handler and his family at this time.”
Edo was with the sheriff's office for two years.
CCSO said Edo was inside his latched kennel in his handler's garage when he went missing. They're investigating to find out whether he got out or was removed.
Deputies said Monday the garage door was open due to the cooler weather.
CCSO said Edo had a "very friendly disposition — police dogs are trained to listen to their handler's commands, not to be vicious."
The community was helping out by sharing the sheriff's office Facebook post more than 2,000 times, as well as searching their neighborhoods.
North Port police assisted with the search, even using a drone in the Cranberry Blvd. area. They're now assisting with the death investigation.
© Copyright 2017 WBBH/WZVN (Waterman Broadcasting). All rights reserved.
As the fight against drug trafficking continues throughout the region, a one-week training exercise is expected to enlighten and enhance the performance of local border security officials against possible threats. Javone Vickerie reports.
Related
Hurt said that Trump told him it was “inappropriate” for him to play at his golf club and had his security detail escort him, Koch, and their other playing partners to the parking lot.
According to Hurt's post, he then looked Trump in the eye and said, “‘It's all true,' to which Trump rejoined, ‘Not in the way you wrote it.””
“I said, ‘Congratulations, sir,' and shook his hand,” Hurt's post read. “Trump said, ‘You were rough on me, Harry. Really rough. That shit you wrote.'”
Hurt said that he approached Trump at the Trump International Golf Club in West Palm Beach on Friday to congratulate him, according to an account posted on Hurt's Facebook page, first reported by Politico . Hurt was set to play with billionaire Republican donor David. H. Koch and three others.
Hurt wrote the 1993 book Lost Tycoon: The Many Lives of Donald J. Trump which revealed that Trump's ex-wife, Ivana Trump, had accused him of “rape” in a sworn deposition during their divorce proceedings. Ivana Trump walked back the allegation at the time of the book's publishing, saying she did not want her words to be “interpreted in a literal or criminal sense.”
1. “I went up out of courtesy and respect for the office of the president of the United States,” Hurt told CNN on Monday.
Hurt said that he had crossed paths with the president-elect twice before. He said he had an “amicable conversation” when he met Trump in 2015 at the same golf course where he joked about his knickers — traditional golf attire — with Trump who “laughed” and told him to “enjoy the golf course.”
He also said that Trump had once emailed him in 2007 or 2008, responding to Hurt's review of the Emerald Dunes Golf Club with a note, saying, “My course is much better. You should come play it.”
Hurt said that after congratulating Trump on Friday, he “launched into a diatribe that I had been rough on him” and “used an expletive to describe the content of my book.”
“The book has been out for 23 years,” Hurt told CNN. “I expected him to act presidential and act like a gentleman.”
Hurt said that although he was the only one asked to leave the golf course, his other companions, including Koch, said they would leave with him.
“I offered to take an Uber because we had all come in the same car,” Hurt said. “David [Koch] and our other companion said no, no, we'll go with you.”
He said “there was security around all of us as we went to the parking lot, but it was me that they were really escorting off the property, not the other players.”
An unidentified transition official told Politico that Hurt was “trying to instigate” and that the course security had to “go and tap him on the shoulder and tell him to leave.”
Hurt said that Trump had “made signs of mending fences, burying hatches,” citing his recent interactions with Mitt Romney.
“I do expect, though, Donald will continue to exhibit the erratic behavior that he has exhibited for his entire life, and I think this is just another example of it,” Hurt said.
Hurt and Trump's transition team did not respond to BuzzFeed News' request for comment.
ID: 10253247
After more than two years of research with collaboration between philosophers, religious thinkers and psychologists, the Virtue, Happiness & the Meaning of Life project will present its findings at a capstone conference on Oct. 13 and 14, featuring keynote talks by Prof. Jonathan Lear and Cardinal Blase J. Cupich.
The conference culminates a project that brought scholars together from around the world to examine the enrichment of human life. Research in both the humanities and social sciences suggests that people who feel they belong to something bigger than themselves—be it family, a spiritual practice, or work in social justice—are often happier than those who do not. Scholars refer to the feeling as “self-transcendence.”
Panelists throughout both days, including scholars from religious studies, theology, philosophy, psychology, and economics, will discuss whether self-transcendence truly makes people happier and provides deeper meaning in human life.
Speakers from the University of Chicago include Candace Vogler, the David B. and Clara E. Stern Professor of Philosophy and co-principal investigator for the project; Marc Berman, assistant professor in psychology; and Tahera Qutbuddin, professor of Arabic literature.
"This conference serves to share our research with the broader community,” said Jennifer A. Frey, co-principal investigator, assistant professor of philosophy at the University of South Carolina and formerly a scholar at the University of Chicago. “Our scholars from a variety of disciplines have reached similar conclusions about the essential role of self-transcendence in the general account of what makes for potential happiness and meaning in human lives. Our hope is that as this project winds down, we are only at the beginning of a new line of research.”
Lear, the John U. Nef Distinguished Service Professor in the Committee on Social Thought and the Department of Philosophy, will speak at 7 p.m. Oct. 13 at the Oriental Institute. His talk, titled “Gettysburg,” will look at the ethical difficulties of memorializing the dead and in particular the soldiers that died following the bloodiest battle of the U.S. Civil War.
Cardinal Cupich will speak at 6 p.m. Oct. 14 in the auditorium at the Law School. He will deliver a talk considering virtue in the context of building up the common good, titled “A Consistent Ethic of Solidarity: Transcending Self, Transforming the World.” President Robert J. Zimmer will introduce the cardinal.
"Cardinal Cupich has distinguished himself in his fundamental love of and concern for some of the most disadvantaged people in the city of Chicago,” said Vogler. “His call for solidarity is rooted in the genuine practice of solidarity, day in and day out."
The conference is free and open to the public, but registration is required. To learn more, visit the Virtue, Happiness & the Meaning of Life website.
Get the Mach newsletter. SUBSCRIBE
A new NASA video shows the moon like you've never seen it before.
The five-minute clip, released by the space agency on April 9, shows the surface of our nearest neighbor in the solar system in stunning, high-definition detail — from high peaks and deep craters to the frigid poles and their possible ice deposits.
You get a close-up look at the landing site of Apollo 17, the last of the missions that sent astronauts to the moon — and you can even see part of the mission's lunar lander and rover.
"For me what jumps out is not just the Google Street View kind of clarity we now have on lunar terrain, but the insights to how this terrain got to be the way it is — from asteroid impacts to a diverse history of volcanism," Dr. Caleb Scharf, an astronomer at Columbia University, told NBC News MACH in an email.
Dr. Tyler Nordgren, an astronomer at the University of Redlands and the author of "Sun Moon Earth," was similarly wowed by the video. "It may sound strange for a scientist to say that, but this video reminds me anew about what an amazing, diverse, and spectacular place the moon is," he told MACH in an email. "Far from being a dead world, never changing, it is an ancient place of beauty."
Most of the data used to create the video comes from NASA's Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter, which has been orbiting the moon since 2009.
FOLLOW NBC NEWS MACH ON TWITTER, FACEBOOK, AND INSTAGRAM.
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Classes in the Moreland School District are lending many helping hands to Texans affected by Hurricane Harvey.
Three schools have focused their classroom lessons and school-wide events on raising money for victims of the destructive hurricane that ravaged the Lone Star State's southern coast in late August.
A first-grade class at Baker Elementary School has adopted a class at Sue Creech Elementary in Katy, Texas, located just west of Houston. All supplies in the Texas classroom were lost Inc the storm.
Baker Elementary first-grade teacher Jenna Naylor brainstormed with her class how they could help the Sue Creech students. To date they have collected school supplies and gently used books, and sent cards to the students. Additionally, a GoFundMe webpage was created to help rebuild the classroom, and more than $1,400 has been raised thus far.
“It all happened so fast,” said Naylor. “The kids just really wanted to help. What a great lesson in humanity and a teachable moment about helping others.”
Elsewhere in the district, a fourth-grade class has how it can help after staging its classroom to look like it had just been hit by a natural disaster.
Easterbrook Discovery School's fourth-grade teacher, Royce Agustin, transformed his classroom to simulate the type of destruction hurricanes can bring. He had his students walk through the staged disaster and reflect on their initial reactions. Students saw chairs scattered, desks flipped over and classroom supplies on the floor.
Payne Elementary School asked families to do something a little different when it came to the annual book fair. Families are usually asked to purchase a book and donate it to their child's classroom, but this year they were asked to purchase a book and donate it to a classroom affected by the hurricane. Books are shipped out to the Friendswood Independent School District and Pasadena Independent School District in Texas.
The British tourist who said he suffered a brain injury after falling during a David Copperfield illusion was back on the stand at the Clark County Regional Justice Center.
The British tourist who said he suffered a brain injury after falling during a David Copperfield illusion was back on the stand at the Clark County Regional Justice Center. Gavin Cox told a Nevada jury he was excited to take part in Copperfield's vanishing act at, until he slipped, pointing to dust and uneven pavement as part of the problem.
“I'd gone from being excited to terrified,” Cox said.
The incident happened during the Las Vegas show in 2013 and said he was asked to run around a corner as part of the act when his feet slipped from under him.
“Everybody just took off ‘Hell for Leather,' I followed them as fast as I could," Cox said. “It's 'run for your life.' He didn't say that, but that's sort of the urgency we felt.”
Gavin Cox testified Tuesday that he felt "searing" pain when he fell heavily on his right side.
Cox says he didn't remember getting up to help finish the illusion that appeared to make 13 people disappear from onstage and reappear at the back of the theater for the show finale.
Cox said he met Copperfield before receiving medical treatment for shoulder and other injuries.
[RELATED: Copperfield civil trial continues with witness testimony]
[RELATED: Civil trial against David Copperfield and MGM underway]
[RELATED: Las Vegas illusionist David Copperfield in court for 2013 lawsuit]
[RELATED: David Copperfield testifies to jury that he takes safety precautions]
The 57-year-old United Kingdom citizen from Kent and his wife are suing for negligence and damages.
Cox claimed there has been more than $400,000 in medical expenses from lasting brain and body injuries.
Defense asks Cox if he felt like he could stop running, Cox says no he didn't feel like that was an option. pic.twitter.com/EfFPD9gQtN — Chernéy Amhara (@CherneyAmharaTV) May 1, 2018
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
PARIS (AP) — French police say an 8-year-old girl was killed and at least five people were injured when a driver slammed his car into the sidewalk cafe of a pizza restaurant in Sept-Sorts, a town about 65 kilometers (40 miles) east of Paris.
French officials say the driver acted intentionally, but they have no reason so far to suspect a terrorist motive.
A judicial official said Monday night that the Paris prosecutor's office, which oversees French terrorism investigations, was not involved in the case because there was no proof of terrorism at this stage.
A security official said there is no evidence of a political or Islamic extremist motive.
But both officials say authorities view the driver's actions as intentional. They were not authorized to be publicly named.
Bos will be joined by her husband, Bryon, and their daughters, Madison and Audra. Each week, two teams of four cooks a dish of Ramsay's choice for 50 diners. The diners are served, and the winning team is chosen based on whether the diners would pay for the meal they are given.
At the end of the season, Ramsey will choose two of the winning teams to return and compete for $100,000.
“We went through a series of interviews and phone calls before being chosen as one of the final teams for the show,” Bos said.
The show is filmed live each Wednesday. Footage of the family at home cooking and picking fresh meat and eggs at Wedge Oak Farms was previously recorded.
In addition to competing teams, the show also features several celebrity guests, with celebrities occasionally cooking dishes with Ramsay.
“I am thrilled to share my first cooking show competition with my family,” Bos said. “I am so lucky to have them there with me. We are excited, nervous and anxious, but can't wait to share this experience together.”
Bos is no stranger to competitions. In March, she competed in a pizza-baking competition, held by Sebastiani wineries in Sonoma, Calif., called Pizza My Way. Bos submitted pizzas through the competition and was selected to compete for a $10,000 grand prize.
In January, she was among five people named to the ambassador council for the 2017 World Food Championships after she finished fifth in 2015 and returned to compete in 2016. Bos also competed in the Smithfield Hog Wild Throwdown in October 2016 in Kansas City.
In May 2015, Bos competed at the Big Guava Festival as a semifinalist for a chance to compete in the Bud and Burgers finals in St. Louis.
In July 2015, Bos rebounded with a win at the 2015 Rodelle Scrumptious Spring Sweepstakes, an international recipe contest, with her low-fat berry yogurt cake.
Bos is a self-taught amateur chef, by way of family recipes, cooking channels and internet food stars. She has a love for all things culinary, frequently serving as host to family and friends in Lebanon.
Bos, her husband and their four children, Madison, Audra, Jack and Ann, moved to Lebanon about three years ago.
“We moved here from California, wanting to get away from the fast-paced life and get into a small town for our children,” she said.
With a self-taught background mainly in baking, she immediately gained success in the cooking competition arena, garnering a blue ribbon for her apple pie at the Wilson County Fair. Later, she won a blue ribbon for her cupcakes and placed in the top six for her apple pie at the Tennessee State Fair.
For more information about “The F-Word with Gordon Ramsay,” visit fox.com/the-f-word.
Vice President Mike Pence will be in the Las Vegas Valley on Saturday.
Pence will take part in an event with Mayor Carolyn Goodman and other community officials after the culmination of a unity walk in response to the mass shooting on the Las Vegas Strip. The event after the walk will take place at Las Vegas City Hall Council chambers at 495 Main Street at 12:30 p.m.
The vice president is expected to speak at the event.
The walk was organized in conjunction with the mayor's faith initiative as a way for the community to heal. A spokesperson for the city said walkers will set out from four locations, all seven miles from City Hall, singing and praying for healing and unity in the Valley. After the gathering in the chambers, a dove for each victim killed in the shooting will be released from City Hall Plaza.
The city released the routes for unity walk as follows:
Northern Route:
Leg 1: Walk south from the Corner of Martin Luther King Boulevard and Craig Road 1.5 miles to West Cheyenne Boulevard.
Leg 2: Walk south from Martin Luther King Boulevard and Cheyenne Avenue one mile to Carey Avenue.
Leg 3: Walk south from Martin Luther King Boulevard and Carey Avenue for one mile to West Owens Avenue.
Leg 4: Walk south from Martin Luther King Boulevard to Owens Avenue half a mile to Washington Avenue then turn left and continue a half a mile to F Street.
Leg 5: Walk South from F Street and Washington Avenue merging onto North City Parkway half a mile to West Ogden Avenue then turn left for 0.2 miles to South Main Street turn right continue 0.5 miles to Las Vegas City Hall.
Southern Route:
Leg 1: Walk north from Las Vegas Boulevard and Russell Road one mile to Tropicana Boulevard.
Leg 2: Walk north from Las Vegas Boulevard and Tropicana Boulevard for one mile to Flamingo Road.
Leg 3: Walk north from Las Vegas Boulevard and Flamingo Road one mile to Spring Mountain Road.
Leg 4: Walk north from Las Vegas Boulevard and Spring Mountain Road for one mile to Circus Circus Drive.
Leg 5: Walk north from Las Vegas Boulevard and Circus Circus Drive for one mile to South Main Street.
Leg 6: Veer left onto South Main Street for 1.5 miles to Las Vegas City Hall.
Eastern Route:
Leg 1: Walk west from East Charleston Boulevard and Nellis Blvd for one mile to Lamb Boulevard.
Leg 2: Walk west from East Charleston Boulevard and Lamb Boulevard for one mile to North Pecos Road.
Leg 3: Walk west from East Charleston Boulevard and Pecos Road for one mile to Eastern Avenue.
Leg 4: Walk west from East Charleston Boulevard and Eastern Avenue for one mile to South Maryland Parkway.
Leg 5: From East Charleston Boulevard turn right on South Maryland Parkway 0.2 miles to East Clark Avenue then turn left 0.8 miles to Las Vegas City Hall.
Western Route:
Leg 1: Walk east from West Charleston Boulevard and Buffalo Drive for one mile to South Rainbow Boulevard.
Leg 2: Walk east from West Charleston Boulevard and Rainbow Boulevard for one mile to South Jones Boulevard.
Leg 3: Walk east from West Charleston Boulevard and JonesBouleavrd for one mile to South Decatur Boulevard.
Leg 4: Walk east from West Charleston Boulevard and South Decatur Boulevard for one mile to South Rancho Drive.
Leg 5: Walk east from W. Charleston Boulevard and Rancho Drive for one mile to South Casino Boulevard
Leg 6: From West Charleston Boulevard and Casino Boulevard walk north for half a mile to East Clark Avenue then turn left 0.2 to Las Vegas City Hall.
The city asked people participating in the unity walk to stay on sidewalks, watch for cars, and use crosswalks.
Copyright 2017 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Deepika Padukone recently became a victim of social media trolling after doing a bold photoshoot for a leading magazine. The actress was heavily slammed for her choice of outfit and had her social media page flooded with hateful comments.
And now we hear that 'Padmavati' director Sanjay Leela Bhansali too is quite concerned for his leading daily. Buzz is that Deepika's photoshoot hasn't gone down well with him.
Read on to know more deets...
Francisco Martinez, 9, a student at the public school Jose Facundo Cintron, waits in line Sunday to get gasoline with his family in the town of Yabucoa after Hurricane Maria passed through Puerto Rico on September 20. PEDRO PORTAL pportal@miamiherald.com
Oh, Simone Biles. Did you forget that Ellen DeGeneres is the queen of scaring her guests on her daytime talk show (see below)?
I know if I was a guest on Ellen, I'd spend my entire interview looking over my shoulder, although that might be tough because you want to look good and not like you're freaking out while appearing on a talk show.
Anyway, the point of this is the gold medal-winning Olympian appeared on the show and discussed a few topics, including an upcoming trip to Las Vegas, her new Olympic rings tattoo, and a recent first date she had.
Then, DeGeneres mentioned Biles' Dancing with the Stars partner Sasha Farber and said he's a prankster. When Biles said he hasn't pranked her yet, out popped Farber from a nearby hollowed-out table to scare her.
The ball is in your court, Simone. Good luck getting him back.
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) – Authorities say four people were hurt and a suspect is in custody after stabbings in St. Anthony Wednesday morning.
St. Anthony police were called at about 8:47 a.m. to a welfare check on the 2600 block of 29th Avenue NE. The caller said a man was running frantically around the neighborhood and knocking on doors. When officers arrived, they made contact with the man and learned he had been injured with an “edged weapon.”
The male suspect reportedly was in a nearby residence. Officers went to the home and found the man who matched the suspect description. As he exited the home, officers could hear several people from inside the residence yelling for help.
Authorities say the suspect did not comply with officers' commands, swore at police and told them they would have to shoot him and kill him. Officers didn't see a weapon, and the suspect got into a car parked in a driveway. He didn't comply with commands to get out of the vehicle, and officers used a Taser on him. The suspect grabbed the steering wheel and wouldn't let go as officers were trying to handcuff him.
Police say the suspect was eventually taken into custody after an aerosol restraint was used to gain compliance and control of the man. Police say an edged weapon used in the incident was recovered from the suspect's front pants pocket.
Police found three more victims injured in the home. All four victims were taken to Hennepin County Medical Center, and their conditions are not known. The suspect was treated for minor injuries and booked into the Hennepin County Adult Detention Center on probable cause felony assault charges.
The incident remains under investigation.
Palestinian prisoners launch mass hunger strike – Al Jazeera
Some 1,500 Palestinian political prisoners held by Israel launched a mass hunger strike on Monday to press for basic rights and shed light on the difficult humanitarian conditions inside Israeli prisons.
The open-ended hunger strike, one of the largest in recent years, coincides with Palestinian Prisoners Day, annually commemorated on April 17. Led by jailed Fatah leader Marwan Barghouti, the strike will see Palestinian prisoners from across the political spectrum participate from within six prisons inside Israel.
“They have central demands and will continue to fast until they achieve them. The prisoners see hunger striking as the only door they can knock on to attain their rights,” Amina al-Taweel, spokesperson for the Hebron-based Palestinian Prisoners Center for Studies, told Al Jazeera.
“Even though it Is one of the most dangerous and difficult decisions, they are only making this choice because conditions [inside the prisons] have reached a new low,” said al-Taweel.
There are currently 6,500 Palestinian political prisoners held by Israel, including more than 500 administrative detainees, according to Jerusalem-based prisoner rights group Addameer.
Prisoners' demands include installation of a public telephone in all prisons to allow communication with relatives, resuming bi-monthly family visits, allowing second-degree relatives to visit, increasing duration of the visits and allowing prisoners to take photographs with their families.
Many prisoners suffer from medical negligence in jails. Prisoners must pay for their own medical treatment, and are not provided with the adequate health care. Sick prisoners have also reported being denied water.
Since 1967, more than 50 Palestinian prisoners have died due to medical negligence inside Israeli jails, according to the Palestinian Central Bureau of Statistics. “Some people wait four years to get surgery,” said al-Taweel. “They're calling for an end to this deliberate medical negligence.”
Additionally, prisoners are demanding better treatment when being transferred between prisons or between courts and prisons. Detainees are transported in a vehicle with blacked-out windows, known as the Bosta.
The vehicle is divided into tight metal cells, whereby the prisoner is chained from their arms and legs to a chair in a confined space, for long periods of time in the dark.
Other demands include installing air conditions in prisons, restoring kitchens, allowing detainees to keep books, newspapers and clothes, as well as ending the policies of administrative detention and solitary confinement.
Administrative detainees are arrested on “secret evidence”, unaware of the accusations against them and are not allowed to defend themselves in court. Their detention periods can be indefinitely renewed.
“The Israeli government will be responsible for any and all of the consequences of this hunger strike – if a prisoner dies, or becomes extremely ill – they are the ones that will have to handle the outcome. Palestinian prisoners have been demanding these basic rights for years,” said al-Taweel.
Al-Taweel said there are high expectations that the Israeli Prison Service will carry out a campaign of prisoner transferals, which she said would be an attempt to “try and break the will and determination of the prisoners”.
Al Jazeera reached out to the Israel Prison Service for comment but did not receive a response.
Under international humanitarian law, prisoners from occupied territories must be held in the occupied territory, not in the territory of the occupying power. Though most Palestinian political prisoners hail from the Israeli-occupied Palestinian territories, they are placed in prisons inside Israel, in direct contravention of international law.
Families of Palestinian prisoners must apply for permits to visit them and are regularly denied entry into Israel on security pretexts.
“One of the most significant concerns is a violation of the Fourth Geneva Convention,” Omar Shakir, Israel and Palestine Director at Human Rights Watch (HRW), told Al Jazeera.
“Palestinian prisoners are placed inside Israel as opposed to the West Bank and Gaza strip. This is a crippling restriction on access to family and loved ones,” explained Shakir.
A recent report from UK-based rights group Amnesty International also condemned Israel's policy of holding Palestinian prisoners inside Israel, describing it as “unlawful and cruel”.
“Instead of unlawfully transferring prisoners outside the occupied territories, Israel must ensure all Palestinians arrested there are held in prisons and detention centres in the Occupied Palestinian Territories. Until then, the Israeli authorities must stop imposing excessive restrictions on visitation rights as a means of punishing prisoners and their families, and ensure that conditions fully meet international standards,” the report read, quoting Magdalena Mughrabi, deputy regional director at Amnesty International.
Hunger striking as a method for pressuring Israel has become increasingly prevalent among Palestinian prisoners in recent years. In 2012, approximately 1,500 Palestinian prisoners launched a similar hunger strike for close to a month before managing to obtain their rights.
And, in 2014, 800 prisoners staged a strike against administrative detention for 63 days before a reaching a deal with the Israeli prison authorities and deciding to end their strike.
According to Shakir, a mass hunger strike is an attempt by Palestinian prisoners to shed light on such practices that raise serious questions about Israel's policies under international law.
“It can help return the issue of Palestinian prisoners on top of the international community's agenda. It's about the plight of Palestinians behind bars,” said Shakir.(Zena Tahhan)
Link: http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2017/04/palestinian-prisoners-launch-mass-hunger-strike-170416173501861.html
1,858 total views, 1,857 views today
How To Quell Wanderlust Between TripsFive tips to help cope with the strong desire to get away from it all in advance of your next big trip
5 Best Ski Lodges In The U.S.A look at five of the very best ski lodges in the United States.
Families Impacted By Travel Ban Unite At MSP AirportOn Sunday, families affected by the travel ban were reunited at the Minneapolis-St. Paul International Airport.
Five Must-See Destinations In ParisWithin the 41 square miles of Paris, France there are over 60 main attractions for visitors to discover ranging from Museums, Churches, Monuments and Squares as well as examples of contemporary and traditional architecture. This is far too many sites for the average tourist to attempt to visit during a short stay in the city of lights. Thus a list of the five most famous and must see attractions is in order.
Katmandu: At least 143 people have died and thousands have fled their homes as monsoon floods swept across Nepal and India, officials said Monday, warning the toll could rise as the extent of the damage becomes clear.
Three days of relentless downpours sparked flash floods and landslides that have killed at least 70 in Nepal and 73 across northern and eastern India.
Around 200,000 are living in emergency camps in Assam in northeast India, which suffers frequent flooding during the annual monsoon rains.
Another 15,000 have had to leave their homes in the eastern state of Bihar, which borders Nepal and where one official said seven rivers in Bihar were at danger levels.
Huge swathes of the state were submerged in 2008 when a river burst its banks across the border in Nepal, with the two countries trading blame for the disaster.
A massive landslide in the mountainous northern state of Himachal Pradesh swept two passenger buses off a hillside and into a deep gorge, killing at least 46 people on Sunday.
In Nepal, over 48,000 homes have been totally submerged by the floods and 21,000 people displaced, according to police.
As emergency workers struggled to reach far-flung areas, the country's home ministry said another 47 people were missing, presumed dead.
The Nepal Red Cross warned that shortages of drinking water and food could create a humanitarian crisis in the impoverished Himalayan country.
“In many parts of the country there is a scarcity of safe drinking water creating a high risk of health hazards,” spokesman Dibya Raj Poudel told AFP.
“Several villages and settlements are unreachable. Telecommunications, mobile phones are still not working so is difficult to give a full assessment.”
The southern lowlands of Nepal known as the Terai have so far born the brunt of the monsoon deluge.
The Terai is Nepal's most fertile region and the economic toll is expected to be severe.
“We are getting reports that about 70 percent of agriculture area in the Tarai is inundated,” said Shankar Sapkota, senior agricultural economist with the government.
“Paddy fields, vegetable plantation and fish farms have been affected but right now we cannot confirm the extent of damage.”
The rains are now expected to shift westwards and authorities in Nepal have begun evacuating 74,000 people from the area expected to be hit.
Nearly 150 people have been killed in Nepal since the beginning of the rainy season in late June.
Hundreds have died in torrential rain, floods and landslides in neighboring India during the monsoon, which hits the country's southern tip in early June and sweeps across the nation, lasting into September.
In the northern Indian state of Uttarakhand — which borders Nepal — three people were killed in a landslide late Sunday triggered by heavy rains, local police official Ajay Joshi told AFP.
Velipadinte Pusthakam, the upcoming entertainer marks Mohanlal's first collaboration with director Lal Jose. As per the latest updates, Velipadinte Pusthakam, which is one of the most anticipated films of the year, has finally got a release date.
Reportedly, the Mohanlal movie will hit the theatres as an Onam release, on 31st August 2017. However, lead actor Mohanlal or team members have not made any official confirmation about the release date, yet.
Velipadinte Pusthakam, which is said to be a complete entertainer, features Mohanlal in the role of Prof. Michael Idikkula, the Vice Principal of the popular college in the city. The movie depicts how Prof. Idikkula's arrival changes the campus.
Interestingly, Mohanlal is appearing in three different get-ups for his role in the movie. According to the close sources, Velipadinte Pusthakam is a total surprise package, which will satisfy both the movie lovers and Mohanlal fans.
Anna Reshma Rajan, the Angamaly Diaries fame actress essays the female lead opposite Mohanlal in Velipadinte Pusthakam. Anoop Menon, Angamaly Diaries fame Sarath Kumar, Aanandam fame Arun Kurian, etc., appear in the supporting roles.
Benny P Nayarambalam has penned the screenplay and dialogues. Vishnu Sarma is the director of photography. Shaan Rahman composes the songs and background score. Velipadinte Pusthakam is produced by Antony Perumbavoor for Aashirvad Cinemas.
The crime rate in the city is the second lowest in 47 years and violent crime is as low as it's been in four decades, but the city says some specific violent crimes, like murder, have increased. NBC 7's Rory Devine has more.
In San Diego, the violent crime rate is the lowest in 47 years, according to a report released Tuesday by city leaders.
The overall crime rate decreased by 2.3 percent in 2016 and violent crime was down by 4.5 percent.
"Our city is safe because of the incredible partnership forged between our community and police department," San Diego Mayor Kevin Faulconer said.
Faulconer praised community outreach and communication as one of the reasons for the decline.
Property crimes, burglary and theft also decreased.
San Diego Police Chief Shelley Zimmerman credited community policing--a way of connecting law enforcement with neighborhoods--for the decrease in the overall crime rate.
"We still go door to door, we still get on our bicycles and get out of our car but we use social media, we put out a community policing report...so many more ways we connect with our community that didn't exist five, 10, 20 years ago," Zimmerman said.
Bishop George McKinney, of St. Stephen's Church in San Diego, said he believes the numbers indicate there is communication between the community and law enforcement but added that there are still issues to work on.
"There are problems but we have to work on them together, we have to communicate," he said.
The report also showed that although violent crimes was down, others did increase, including murder, rape and robbery.
Homicides increased by 32.4 percent from 2015 to 2016, rape by 1.1 percent and robbery by 0.7 percent. Vehicle theft increased by 14.6 percent.
"Although homicide was up for the third year in a row, San Diego has the lowest homicide per capita of any of the major cities--at least the ten largest cities," Zimmerman said.
She added that although there were 49 murder cases in 2016, compared to the 37 in 2015, four of the homicides were released to the homeless killing spree.
According to the report, after the deployment of body-worn cameras by San Diego police, there has been a "36 percent decrease in citizen complaints and allegations since 2013."
You can read the report on body-worn cameras here.
To see the full overall crime report, click here.
The bright lights and marquees of the Las Vegas Strip are seen in this undated areal image. (File/FOX5)
The agency responsible for promoting Las Vegas says 320,000 people are expected to visit the destination during Memorial Day weekend.
Data released Thursday by the Las Vegas Convention and Visitors Authority show that's an increase of 3,000 visitors compared to last year.
The Nevada Department of Transportation expects roughly 198,000 people to drive to the destination, while McCarran International Airport estimates it will see more than 527,000 passengers depart or arrive between Friday and Monday.
The tourism agency says this will be one of the busiest Memorial Day weekends on record.
More than 96 percent of the destination's nearly 149,000 rooms are expected to be booked for the weekend.
The agency says the weekend is worth an estimated $410.2 million to Las Vegas.
Copyright 2018 Associated Press. All rights reserved.
This is all a part of another road project that has been slowing down drivers for most of the summer- the $46.3 million I-94 Minneapolis to Brooklyn Center project.
It means drivers that normally take that road to get through downtown Minneapolis will need to find another route.
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) — We've been warning you about it for days, and overnight from Sunday into Monday, the ramp from I-394 to I-94E closed.
Mary is honored to be a member of the talented news team at WCCO-TV in her home state of Minnesota. You can now see her reporting Monday through Friday on WCCO This Morning. Mary lives in the metro area with her rescue dachshund, Scooby. ...
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan narrowly won a historic referendum on Sunday that will tighten his grip on power, but the knife-edge result left the country bitterly divided and the opposition crying foul.
The sweeping constitutional changes approved in the vote create a presidential system that will grant Erdoğan more power than any leader since modern Turkey's founder Mustafa Kemal Ataturk and his successor Ismet Inonu.
The result could also have even wider implications for Turkey which joined NATO in 1952 and for the last half-century has set its sights on joining the European Union.
The ‘Yes' campaign won 51.4 percent of the vote against 48.6 percent for ‘No', the election commission said in figures quoted by state news agency Anadolu, in a count based on 99.5 percent of the ballot boxes. Turnout was a high 85 percent.
As huge crowds of flag-waving supporters celebrated on the streets, Erdoğan praised Turkey for taking a “historic decision”.
“With the people, we have realised the most important reform in our history,” he added.
But opposition supporters in anti-Erdogan districts of Istanbul showed their dissatisfaction by bashing pots and pans with kitchen utensils to create a noisy protest. Hundreds also took to the streets in the areas of Besiktas and Kadikoy.
Supreme Election Board chief Sadi Guven confirmed that the ‘Yes' camp had emerged victorious, but the opposition has vowed to challenge the outcome.
- ‘New page opened' -
The referendum was held under a state of emergency that has seen 47,000 people arrested in an unprecedented crackdown after a failed military putsch against Erdoğan in July last year.
In a nail-biting end to a frenetic campaign, the ‘No' share of the vote climbed as more ballots were counted, after lagging well behind in the early count, but failed to overtake the ‘Yes' votes.
“This is a decision made by the people. In our democracy's history, a new page has opened,” said Prime Minister Binali Yildirim, whose job will disappear under the constitutional changes.
In a television interview on Friday Erdoğan had predicted a far clearer victory saying polls showed a 55-60 percent share of the vote.
But voting patterns showed Turkey deeply divided over the changes, with the ‘No' vote victorious in the country's three biggest cities.
The ‘Yes' vote held up strongly in Erdoğan's Anatolian heartland but the Aegean and Mediterranean coastal regions and Kurdish-dominated southeast backed the ‘No' camp.
In a major disappointment for the president, the ‘No' vote was just ahead in his hometown of Istanbul and in the capital Ankara and clearly ahead in the third city of Izmir.
A statement issued by European Commission head Jean-Claude Juncker and EU foreign affairs chief Federica Mogherini said that in view of the closeness of the result, the Turkish authorities need to seek the “broadest possible national consensus” for the changes.
Erdoğan made relations with the EU a key issue in his referendum campaign, lambasting Brussels for failing to make progress on Ankara's stalled accession talks and he accused Germany and the Netherlands of acting like the Nazis when they barred pro-government rallies.
- ‘Totally invalid' -
Turkey's two main opposition parties said they would challenge the results over alleged violations.
The pro-Kurdish Peoples' Democratic Party (HDP) said it would challenge two-thirds of the votes, saying: “There is an indication of a 3-4 percentage point manipulation of the vote.”
Republican People's Party (CHP) chief Kemal Kilicdaroglu said the actions of the election authorities “caused the referendum's legitimacy to be questioned” insisting that the ‘No' side had won at least 50 percent of votes cast.
“Believe me, this election is not over,” deputy CHP leader Erdal Aksunger told CNN Turk, quoted by the Dogan news agency. “This is totally invalid. We are declaring this here.”
The opposition had already complained that the referendum was conducted on unfair terms, with ‘Yes' posters ubiquitous on the streets and opposition voices squeezed from the media.
Closely watched on Monday will be the initial assessment of the international observer mission of the OSCE Office for Democratic Institutions and Human Rights (ODIHR) and the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe (PACE).
- ‘Robust and muscular' -
Erdoğan again warned Brussels he would sign any bill agreed by parliament to reinstate capital punishment, a move that would automatically end Turkey's EU bid.
If the opposition failed to support the bill, Erdoğan said another referendum could be held on reinstating the death penalty.
Western reactions to the referendum will be crucial after Erdoğan accused Turkey's allies of failing to show sufficient solidarity in the wake of the failed coup.
“We would like other countries and institutions to show respect to the decision of the nation,” Erdoğan said.
The new system would dispense with the office of prime minister and centralise the entire executive bureaucracy under the president, giving Erdoğan the direct power to appoint ministers.
It is due to come into force after elections in November 2019. Erdoğan, who became president in 2014 after serving as premier from 2003, could then seek two more five-year terms.
“I don't think he (Erdoğan) will reverse course. I don't think Erdoğan will change the robust and muscular approach to politics that he has adopted so far,” said Fadi Hakura, Turkey expert at London-based Chatham House think tank.
fo-raz-sjw/pvh
© Agence France-Presse
Share this Story
The National Rifle Association took a shot at YETI coolers and created a stir. Now the company that markets a line of fashionable and expensive products has fired back.
On April 20, the NRA sent a letter to its members saying that YETI coolers had cut ties with the organization.
With a day to let the smoke settle, literally in some cases, YETI responded to the NRA's claims.
In a post on Twitter, the company said that a few weeks ago it notified the NRA Foundation and other organizations that it was “eliminating a group of outdated discounting programs.”
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
SHARE COPY LINK To protest Yeti's decision to cut ties with the NRA, Bryan Atkinson fills his cooler with ammonia nitrate and aluminum powder, takes aim at it with his AR-15, and.. Bryan Atkinson
“When we notified the NRA Foundation and the other organizations about this change, YETI explained that we were offering them an alternative customization program broadly available to consumers and organizations, including the NRA Foundation,” the statement read. “These facts directly contradict the inaccurate statement the NRA-ILA distributed on April 20.”
The said "YETI has declined to do business with The NRA Foundation saying they no longer wish to be an NRA vendor, and refused to say why. They will only say they will no longer sell products to The NRA Foundation.” NRA letter
Some NRA supporters responded to the news by planning a boycott of the popular line of coolers and other products, including apparel. One South Carolina man took his anger with YETI a step further.
Bryan Atkinson filled his , placed it in a field, then shot it with his AR-15 rifle. YETI cooler with explosives
Copycats followed Atkinson's lead, and the hashtag #YetiCoolerChallenge has been trending. Many people made social media posts where they got creative in the ways they destroyed their YETI products, the reported. Washington Post
The dispute between the NRA and YETI comes after a number of businesses have distanced themselves from the NRA or gun manufacturers following several high-profile shootings.
Companies ranging from airlines to rental car companies ended discounts for NRA members, the reported. Chicago Tribune
Some NRA members have taken to social media to dispute YETI's statement, with it being called damage control. But YETI has said it remains a strong supporter of the the Second Amendment.
"YETI is unwavering in our belief in and commitment to the Constitution of the United States and its Second Amendment," the company tweeted.
This Big Apple football fan just discovered another reason to hate Tom Brady.
Solomon Chu, a 37-year-old Flushing, Queens, underwriter, was walking through the lobby of his Manhattan office last week when he saw a life-sized poster of the pretty-boy New England Patriots Super Bowl quarterback on the wall.
Thinking it was some Beantown prank, he, as any proud Jets or Giants fan would, ripped down the poster and tossed it in the trash.
“We live in New York — come on now, why would it be there?” he thought.
Little did he know, he had just fumbled away his career.
The next day he was hauled into the HR office of his company, National Debt Relief, and confronted about “destroying” Tom Brady.
Turns out the poster had been placed on the wall by none other than the head of HR herself, Joanne Murray, who happens to be a huge fan of the Patriots — and Brady.
“Did you think you were going to get away with this?” Murray asked, according to Chu, while confronting him with the damning surveillance video.
Chu immediately began to grovel.
He apologized over and over and explained that he thought he was just playing into a gag. He even ­offered to pay $50 to replace the Fathead-brand poster.
That night, he groveled some more, sending Murray this e-mail: “Again, I'm terribly sorry. I sincerely believed it was a prank and treated it as such. There was no intent to be malicious or underhanded . . . I've made an order to replace your property with expedited delivery.”
There was another meeting with HR, but Chu apparently did not handle it well, which “cemented” his fate, according to company officials heard on an audio recording that Chu presented to The Post.
On Wednesday, after four months on the job, the HR bosses pulled a Belichick and fired him.
“They . . . told me I was leaving due to the Tom Brady incident,” said Chu.
It might be the first time anyone has been sacked by a quarterback.
Employment lawyer — and Giants fan — Robert Ottinger said, “People get fired for dumb reasons like this all the time, but I've never heard of anybody getting fired over a Tom Brady poster — it's ­unprecedented.”
Unfortunately, he said, when it comes to being terminated by an employer, “You don't have protected First Amendment rights when it comes to disparaging Tom Brady.”
Murray did not return repeated messages seeking comment, and an HR rep at National Debt Relief declined to comment.
Chu said he feels “wronged.” He said he was a good employee, and showed The Post a Jan. 26 pay stub that included a performance bonus. He claimed he had a perfect score on his customer-service calls.
He had simply failed to read the Brady blitz.
“Patriots fans are crazy,” he said. “Boston fans are known for their fanaticism, but this lady took it too far out of Boston.”
Chu, a Giants fan, said he'll be rooting for quarterback Nick Foles and the ­Eagles on Sunday.
CBS Local — A new male birth control pill is being called safe and effective by researchers in a recent study. The daily oral contraceptive known as dimethandrolone undecanoate (DMAU) is being viewed as a major breakthrough in creating a similar product to female birth control.
“DMAU is a major step forward in the development of a once-daily ‘male pill,'” Dr. Stephanie Page told Endocrine Society. “Many men say they would prefer a daily pill as a reversible contraceptive, rather than long-acting injections or topical gels, which are also in development.”
According to scientists, 83 men who completed the study showed “marked suppression” of testosterone levels as well as two hormones required to make sperm. Patients who took the largest doses (400 mg) on a daily basis had the largest decreases in testosterone however, researchers say the number of side-effects reported were low.
“Very few subjects reported symptoms consistent with testosterone deficiency or excess,” Dr. Page added. Some patients did note taking DMAU during the 28-day trial resulted in weight gain and a decrease in HDL (or “good” cholesterol).
The tests also found that DMAU had to be taken with food to be effective. Page and her team say long-term studies are now being done to prove that the “male pill” will be an effective complement to female birth control pills.
Stocks start 2017 with gains, but many markets stay shut
hello
The benchmark indexes of the global markets are reflected on a window as a man is seen through a window during the opening of the 2017 trading year at the Korea Exchange in Seoul, South Korea, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. The Korea Composite Stock Price Index (KOSPI) opened at 2,022.23.
A man is reflected on an electronic board showing benchmark indexes of the global markets during the opening of the 2017 trading year at the Korea Exchange in Seoul, South Korea, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. The Korea Composite Stock Price Index (KOSPI) opened at 2,022.23.
South Korean Chairman of the Financial Services Commission Yim Jong-yong, third from left, applauds with other participants during the opening of the 2017 trading year at the Korea Exchange in Seoul, South Korea, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. The Korea Composite Stock Price Index (KOSPI) opened at 2,022.23.
Dancers in traditional costumes perform to celebrate after the opening ceremony of the 2017 trading year at the Korea Exchange in Seoul, South Korea, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. The Korea Composite Stock Price Index (KOSPI) opened at 2,022.23.
LONDON -- Global stocks rose on the first day of 2017, though trading volumes were thin as many major markets observed New Year's holidays.
Keeping Score
Germany's DAX closed 1 percent higher at 11,598.33 and France's CAC 40 rose 0.4 percent to 4,882.38. Italy's FTSE MIB gained 1.7 percent to 19,566.53, though trading was still suspended in the shares of Monte dei Paschi di Siena, the bank that is due to get a government bailout. Britain's FTSE 100, which closed at a record high on Friday, remained closed.
Upbeat Data
Markets were buoyed by a report showing the manufacturing sector in the 19-country eurozone grew at the fastest rate in 68 months in December. The so-called purchasing managers' index rose to 54.9 points from 53.7 points in November. Also helping sentiment was a report published Sunday showing that China's manufacturing sector continued to expand in December, though at a slightly slower pace than the month before.
Analyst Take
"While the eurozone seems to have ended 2016 on the up in economic terms, we are concerned that GDP growth could be increasingly hampered in 2017 by political uncertainties," said Howard Archer, global economist at IHS Markit. Those uncertainties include Britain's formal start to talks to leave the European Union and elections in France and the Netherlands, where far-right parties that favor leaving the euro are expected to do well.
Holiday Impact
Trading was slow as many markets were closed to observe the New Year's holiday. Besides Britain, markets were closed in Japan, China and Hong Kong and were due to remain shut in New York. Of those that did trade in Asia, India's Sensex ended the day 0.1 percent lower at 26,595.45 while South Korea's KOSPI was flat at 2,026.16.
Currencies
The dollar started the new year with broad gains in currency markets. It was at 117.46 yen, up from 117.00 the previous day. The euro was trading at $1.0476, from $1.0443.
Trading in several commodities, including crude oil, was closed on Monday.
SoftBank to acquire Fortress Investment Group for $3.3bn
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Mapping: Disruption ahead!
What3Words brilliantly streamlines mapping but will require oversight if it becomes a government standard
Have you ever sent a package to a remote part of the world that lacks a consistent set of physical addresses? Unless your organization specializes in logistics and distribution, you probably outsourced the task to a company that does. At a more personal level, have you gone to one door at a concert when the friend with the tickets went to a different door? Have you tried to find a tourist attraction known by its name but lacking a street address? These situations highlight the importance of better ways to identify and find specific locations.
According to the United Nations Development Postal Union, an address is “part of a person's identity.” Roughly 4 billion people have no good way to describe where they live, making it difficult to receive deliveries, access social services or report a crime, fire, or other emergency. As the population of informal urban settlements explodes, it becomes virtually impossible to locate individuals within these communities. The same problem exists in remote areas that lack a formal postal addressing system.
What3Words (W3W), a London company, has developed a better solution. It overlays a grid of three-meter-by-three-meter squares on the globe. Each square is assigned a unique three-word identifier that is mapped to a precise latitude and longitude. The words are chosen from a database that has been carefully culled to eliminate homonyms and potentially offensive words (across cultures.) W3W enables consumers, businesses and governments to use the three words instead of the usual street address. While there are alternate solutions such as Mapcodes, GPS coordinates and military grid reference systems, the three-word combinations are easier to remember.
W3W augments, but does not replace, street addresses. W3W addressing is more precise than street addresses because most front doors and side doors are in different squares and therefore have different three-word identifiers. While this is less important in residential situations, it can be critical to anyone attempting to find the correct door in a large building. For driving directions, the W3W app feeds the three-word combinations directly into Google Maps, Waze, Scout and other navigation services.
W3W is being adopted in a variety of countries. Mongolia's national post office is migrating to the W3W system, since few of its streets have names and the country is sparsely populated, with large, uninhabited areas. Moreover, roughly one quarter of the inhabitants are nomads, making mail delivery even more difficult. La Poste Côte d'Ivoire is also adopting the W3W system because there are few street addresses and many people rely on informal descriptions (such as “between the gas station and the Blue Dog Café”) to describe a location. Norway, Mali, France and Switzerland are building W3W into their addressing systems to increase accuracy.
1 2 3 Next Page
OPOTIKI was the first town in the Bay of Plenty to introduce an innovative Smoke Free policy covering outdoor recreational areas 10 years ago.
The Opotiki District Council's Educational Smoke Free Outdoor Spaces Policy outlined that the public would be asked to refrain from smoking in all council-owned playgrounds, enclosed public facilities such as pavilions and halls, in parks, sports fields, reserves, gardens and beaches overseen by the council.
One year after Opotiki started its smoke free policy it was found local residents were either smoking less or taking their cigarettes in private, with a 60 percent drop in the number of cigarette butts collected from public areas. It also found 85 percent of residents approved of the policy – even though a third of those surveyed were smokers.
The number of cigarette butts collected was down nearly two-thirds, showing that Opotiki residents were engaging with the policy and wanted clean healthy places and public spaces.
The policy had an important part to play in normalising non-smoking and encouraging positive role models for children and young people in Opotiki district.
Ten years on, and on the eve of Smoke Free Day, a recent inspection of public places in Opotiki by Healthy Families East Cape has shown that all Smoke Free signage has gone.
The district council has been alerted to the missing signage and the group expects it to be reinstated soon, which, it hopes, will result in reduced public smoking, and healthy Smoke Free shared spaces. No butts.
Healthy Families East Cape is a part of the Eastern Bay of Plenty Smoke Free Coalition (EBOPSC), along with Hapainga Stop Smoking Service, Bay of Plenty District Health Board, Toi Te Ora Public Health, Eastern Bay Primary Health Alliance, Ngai Tai Iwi authority, Te Puna Ora o Mataatua Charitable Trust, Te Tohu o te Ora o Ngati Awa, Tuwharetoa ki Kawerau Health, Education & Social Services, Te Pou Oranga o Whakatohea, Te Runanga o te Whanau and East Bay REAP.
One of the coalition's jobs is to advocate for spaces that influence people within our community to quit smoking.
As highlighted in the 2018 Eastern Bay of Plenty's Vital Signs Report the prevalence of smoking is higher in the Eastern Bay of Plenty (21 percent) compared to the New Zealand overall (16 percent).
Apple's Face ID: Not So Great for Kids and Twins
The iPhone X might be the future of Apple's smartphone design, but its lauded Face ID facial recognition system has an issue with people under 13: it's much more difficult to tell them apart.
In a security guide published Wednesday, Apple recommends that children under the age of 13 do not use Face ID due to the probability of a false match being significantly higher for young children. The company said this was because “their distinct facial features may not have fully developed”.
While few young children are likely to be given a £999 iPhone, false matches are also more likely for twins and siblings. In all those situations, the company recommends concerned users disable Face ID and use a passcode instead.
For most users -- those over 13 without "evil twins," as Apple's head of iOS Craig Federighi describes them -- the bigger concern is deliberate attacks. Touch ID, Apple's fingerprint sensor, was famously bypassed just two days after it was launched in the iPhone 5S, using a fake fingerprint placed over a real finger.
With Face ID, Apple has implemented a secondary system that exclusively looks out for attempts to fool the technology. Both the authentication and spoofing defense are based on machine learning, but while the former is trained to identify individuals from their faces, the latter is used to look for telltale signs of cheating.
"An additional neural network that's trained to spot and resist spoofing defends against attempts to unlock your phone with photos or masks," the company says. If a completely perfect mask is made, which fools the identification neural network, the defensive system will still notice -- just like a human.
Apple is also confident that it won't fall prey to issues of algorithmic bias that have plagued many attempts to use neural networks at scale. High-profile examples of such failures include the photo-labeling system that tagged black people as gorillas, or the word-association model which states that men are computer programmers and women are homemakers.
Whenever its initial training exposed a demographic shortcoming, Apple says, it “augmented the studies as needed to provide a high degree of accuracy for a diverse range of users”. Time -- and millions of people around the world using the technology -- will tell whether the effort worked, but the company sounds confident.
One area the system will struggle with, however, is facial coverings. Apple says that “Face ID is designed to work with hats, scarves, glasses, contact lenses and many sunglasses,” but ultimately two things dictate whether or not it has a chance of success. The first is whether the coverings are transparent to infrared light, and the second whether the system can see the eyes, nose and mouth. While some fabrics are more transparent to infrared than they may seem, that means iPhone users who cover their faces may be forced to rely on a passcode when out and about.
Separately, Apple has also confirmed that the depth-sensing technology included in the iPhone X is not allowed to be used by developers to create their own facial biometrics, a possibility which had concerned many privacy activists.
The depth sensor data is not directly available to developers, but the camera API now allows them to receive a pixel-by-pixel measure of how far features in an image are from the lens, a system intended to be used to enable image manipulation such as Apple's own portrait mode.
That could theoretically be used to build a standalone authentication feature, albeit one that is less precise than Apple's own, but the company has updated its App Store policies to prevent developers from attempting to do so. “You may not attempt, facilitate, or encourage others to identify anonymous users or reconstruct user profiles based on data collected from depth and/or facial mapping tools,” the company's developer guidelines now state.
© 2017 Guardian Web under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: Product shots by Apple.
A HUNTER lay injured in bush for hours before rescuers could get to him and the difficult rescue work added many more hours to his ordeal.
Senior Sergeant Mark van der Kley said police were first alerted about the situation at 3.45pm on Wednesday.
“Two hunters were carrying a pig out of the bush in the upper reaches of the Motu River, when one of them fell and broke his ankle,” he said.
The accident had taken place at 2.30pm and the hunting partner was able to get phone reception one hour and 15 minutes later after walking out of the bush.
By 5pm, police and rescue workers were on the scene, working on making a track down to the wounded man with slashers and chainsaws.
Mr van der Kley said 11 Whakatane Land Search and Rescue personnel, six firefighters and two ambulances were involved in the rescue.
“The injured man was 90 to 100 metres down a bank,” he said.
Whakatane Land Search and Rescue co-ordinator Ray Walker said they were called to the scene after a rescue helicopter was unable to access the area.
“The rescue helicopter couldn't get in because of the weather.”
Mr Walker said they carried out the rescue using ropes and a stretcher.
“It was about midnight we got him out.
“It was about a 90m drop to the river, with thick bush and we used ropes to get him up.”
Opotiki deputy chief fire officer Rob Sturdy said five metres had to be added to the 100-metre long rope that the fire engine carried, to reach the man.
“The ravine was 100 metres deep and very steep up the top.”
The injured man was put in a Stokes basket and elevated by means of a pulley system to the half-way point, where the rescuers changed and adjusted their ropes before bringing the man up the rest of the way.
“They zig-zagged him up the hill,” Mr Sturdy said.
Once out of the ravine, the man was taken by a police 4WD vehicle three kilometres down the road to a waiting ambulance.
“The ambulance wouldn't have been able to turn around where we were,” Mr Sturdy said.
“The mist disappeared during the night and the weather was clear but freezing.”
It wasn't until near midnight that the man could be put into an ambulance and taken to hospital.
Opotiki St John ambulance officer Karen Aubertin said the man, in his 20s, had been transported to Whakatane Hospital by road ambulance.
1 of 2
Sven Carlsson
Beginning in September and running up through November 10th, the first day of the regular season, College Basketball Talk will be unveiling the 2017-2018 NBCSports.com college hoops preview package.
Today, we are previewing Conference USA.
Conference USA has been a one-bid league the past few seasons but the league has also been vastly underrated in the national landscape. Case in point: C-USA has three consecutive seasons with a NCAA tournament win, even though all three teams were high double-digit seeds.
Middle Tennessee remains the darling of the league following two straight appearances in the Round of 32. Talented forwards JaCorey Williams and Reggie Upshaw have moved on but C-USA Player of the Year candidate Giddy Potts is back on the perimeter along with promising sophomore point guard Tyrik Dixon. Transfers have been an important part of roster-building for the Blue Raiders and former Alabama wing Nick King will be a valuable wing scorer for this team as well. If Brandon Walters can become a productive piece in the middle then Middle Tennessee should once again be a huge threat in league and postseason play.
With a ferocious perimeter back in the fold, hopes are high that Louisiana Tech can make a leap after last season's second-place finish. The sophomore backcourt tandem of DaQuan Bracey and Jalen Harris are both back after strong freshman seasons while senior wing Jacobi Boykins is a big-time shooter and Player of the Year threat in the league. If the Bulldogs get a solid contribution from its frontcourt, led by center Joniah White, they could be a major contender.
Old Dominion defended at an elite level last season but they had a tough time with consistent offense. The good news is the Monarchs return some serious talent in point guard Ahmad Caver and brothers Brandon and B.J. Stith. Wake Forest transfer Greg McClinton is an intriguing addition and the freshman class, including redshirt Xavier Green and shooter Micheal Hueitt Jr. could help put up points.
With one of the league's best frontcourts, UAB will once again be a dangerous team in C-USA. Two-time conference Defensive Player of the Year William Lee returns for his senior season along with double-figure scorer Chris Cokley. If point guard Nick Norton returns to form from a torn ACL, the Blazers should be a threat at the top of the standings. UTEP was the only C-USA to beat Middle Tennessee last season as they went 13-4 to close out the season. Senior guard Omega Harris is a big-time scorer while senior big man Matt Willms returns after leading the conference in field goal percentage.
Things looked really good for Western Kentucky when they had five-star center Mitchell Robinson, but he's gone and the team lost its most talented player. Rick Stansbury still brings in a ton of transfers as Lamonte Bearden (Buffalo), Darius Thompson (Virginia) and Dwight Coleby (Kansas) are all joining the roster. Conference Player of the Year threat Jon Davis returns at guard for Charlotte but the 49ers need to get more out of an unproven frontcourt. Guard Andrien White and wing Austin Ajukwa also return to form a veteran core.
Marshall is another solid team in an emerging league as they're coming off of a 20-win season. Player of the Year candidate Jon Elmore is back at guard while athletic guard C.J. Burks is another player to watch. The rest of the scoring on from the Thundering Herd will come from mostly new pieces. Rice was gutted by transfers when former head coach Mike Rhoades left for VCU but junior Connor Cashaw has a chance to emerge as a go-to threat. Senior transfer A.J. Lapray brings perimeter shooting while the freshman class has some talented additions.
UTSA took a gigantic step forward in head coach Steven Henson's first season and he adds more reinforcements to try to make an additional leap in the second season. The backcourt of sophomores Byron Frohnen and Giovanni De Nicolao could put up a lot of points. Scholarship reductions are starting to get lifted at Southern Miss, meaning the Golden Eagles should have more depth in the coming seasons. Jack-of-all-trades guard Cortez Edwards returns and sophomore big man Tim Rowe should help if he can stay healthy.
Florida Atlantic lost seven players to transfer as they need to find more consistent help around senior guard Gerdarius Troutman. College of Charleston transfer Payton Hulsey is an intriguing addition who could help. New head coach Grant McCasland leads the charge at North Texas as the Mean Green are hoping the promising backcourt of Ryan Woolridge and A.J. Lawson continues to grow. FIU is hoping to improve on last season's disappointing campaign but head coach Anthony Evans, who could be coaching for his job, saw most of last year's roster leave.
PRESEASON CONFERENCE USA PLAYER OF THE YEAR: Giddy Potts, Middle Tennessee
A senior shooting guard who can create his own shot against most defenses, Potts is a 42 percent career three-point shooter capable of knocking them down from all over the floor. A key piece in the Blue Raiders making it to the Round of 32 the past two seasons, Potts is experienced veteran and a reliable scorer.
THE REST OF THE PRESEASON CONFERENCE USA TEAM
Jon Elmore, Marshall : Putting up big numbers in D'Antoni's high-octane offense, Elmore averaged 19.7 points, 5.9 assists and 4.3 rebounds per contest as a sophomore.
: Putting up big numbers in D'Antoni's high-octane offense, Elmore averaged 19.7 points, 5.9 assists and 4.3 rebounds per contest as a sophomore. Jon Davis, Charlotte : An ironman junior who played 35 minutes a game last season, the 6-foot-3 Davis put up 19.6 points, 4.2 assists and 3.4 rebounds per game.
: An ironman junior who played 35 minutes a game last season, the 6-foot-3 Davis put up 19.6 points, 4.2 assists and 3.4 rebounds per game. Jacobi Boykins, Louisiana Tech : Making C-USA's all-defense team while improving his all-around offense, the 6-foot-6 senior averaged 14.7 points, 4.7 rebounds and 2.2 assists per game last season.
: Making C-USA's all-defense team while improving his all-around offense, the 6-foot-6 senior averaged 14.7 points, 4.7 rebounds and 2.2 assists per game last season. William Lee, UAB: Perhaps the league's best long-term talent, the 6-foot-9 senior is springy enough to block shots and skilled enough to knock down perimeter shots.
PREDICTED FINISH
1. Middle Tennessee
2. Louisiana Tech
3. Old Dominion
4. UAB
5. UTEP
6. Western Kentucky
7. Charlotte
8. Marshall
9. Rice
10. UTSA
11. Southern Miss
12. Florida Atlantic
13. North Texas
14. FIU
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.
Gain access to global coverage from local journalists on the ground in 50+ countries working around the clock to break news, analyze, spot risks and opportunities.
Join over 300,000 Finance professionals who already subscribe to the FT.
The Cool Kids Tap Jeremih for the “9:15PM” to bring that fun filled Chicago vibe to the forefront. The Cool Kids released their latest project this past summer entitled “Special Edition Grand Master Deluxe” where the “9:15PM” track lives. 9:15PM being a stand out song it was only right that The Cool Kids premiere a visual for it. Jeremih is not in the video however you can still enjoy the fun Hip-Hop & RNB vibes. Watch The Cool Kids version of preparing for an enjoyable weekend in the visual below shot by Deluxe.
Teyana Taylor's Sexiest Moments 10 photos Launch gallery Teyana Taylor's Sexiest Moments 1. Killing the Philipp Plein Fashion Show At New York Fashion Week 1 of 10 2. The new queen of MILFs Source:Instagram 2 of 10 3. Serving. Source:Instagram 3 of 10 4. Body for days Source:Instagram 4 of 10 5. Come through, Tey! Source:Instagram 5 of 10 6. For the culture. Source:Instagram 6 of 10 7. Queen with a crown Source:Instagram 7 of 10 8. Brag different. Source:Instagram 8 of 10 9. “Slim thick.” Source:Instagram 9 of 10 10. Unbothered. Source:Instagram 10 of 10 Skip ad Continue reading The Cool Kids Ft. Jeremih – “9:15PM” (Video) #TheCrownLife #SharifDKingShow Teyana Taylor's Sexiest Moments
Follow The Crown :
http://www.Twitter.com/TheKingSharif
http://www.Facebook.com/TheKingSharif
http://www.Instagram.com/TheKingSharif
Snapchat : KingSharifSnaps
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Firefighters were dispatched at 11:30 a.m. to 6710 S.E. Tater Peeler Road. They arrived to find flames coming through the roof of the single-story home.
“Crews initiated a fast offensive attack on the fire, knocking it down and saving the structure,” said WEMA director Joey Cooper.
Cooper said the home's interior suffered heavy fire and smoke damage. No one was home at time of fire, and no injuries were reported.
An investigation remained ongoing as to the cause of the fire.
In addition to WEMA firefighters, Wilson County sheriff's deputies and Rehab 23 volunteers also assisted.
Region MPs Tony Perrett and Deb Frecklington have thrown their weight behind the school swim safety campaign.
Region MPs Tony Perrett and Deb Frecklington have thrown their weight behind the school swim safety campaign. Denis Moskvinov
THE campaign for compulsory swim classes in Queensland schools has been backed by Gympie's state members who have said our childrens' safety is a "priority".
Gympie MP Tony Perrett and Opposition Leader Deb Frecklington have thrown their support behind the initiative, and are calling for Labor to do the same.
Mr Perrett said the decline in swimming competency since the early 1990s, when Queensland schools moved away from comprehensive aquatic programs, was "alarming".
"As a safety and health issue it just makes sense to teach children how to swim," he said.
Tony Perrett. Frances Klein
"And what better way to address increasing obesity levels than get children involved in swimming and learning to be active?"
He said it was important our priorities were right, rather than than "overloading school children with everything else".
In a statement to The Courier-Mail, Ms Frecklington said the program could be funded by savings made in the education budget.
"Lazy Labor's blowouts on information and communication technologies in the education department are costing $17 million. This funding could be used to save lives by teaching our kids how to swim," she said.
Deb Frecklington. Tobi Loftus
She called on Premier Annastacia Palaszczuk to "end the waste" and "prioritise swimming lessons for our kids".
Mr Perrett agreed it was a choice which "just made sense".
"Swimming is a quintessential part of Queensland life which is enjoyed by everyone no matter their age or circumstances," he said.
"It is synonymous with Queensland so much so that whenever the state is promoted we see footage and images of people swimming.
"Whether it is at the beach, waterholes, creeks, rivers, dams or the backyard pool everyone has been and goes swimming. I can't understand why schools moved away from lessons just as I can't understand this obsession with taking up school time teaching everything else other than the 3Rs."
Brother ‘begged Kim Jong-un to spare his life'
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.
Cecile Tanguis, owner of NOLA Couture, started her company with 10 brightly patterned ties and a desire to celebrate New Orleans' icons. From ties, to dog collars, to prints, to a new women's ready-to-wear line, Cecile and her team's vibrant patterns are as recognizable as the icons on her pieces. We sat down with her to discuss the story behind the brand and how she continues to grow NOLA Coutures' diverse offerings.
Name: Cecile Tanguis
Store: NOLA Couture
Since: Founded 2006, 528 St Peter St. opened in 2012, 3308 Magazine St. opened October 2017
What ignited the spark in you to start your business?
I grew up in New Orleans but lived in San Francisco for a while working in design and merchandising at Gap's corporate headquarters. After Katrina, I decided to come home and help out. Those few months turned into much longer, and I ended up quitting my job out west and moving home. At that point I was trying to figure out how to do something good for the city—I went to local grocery stores and bought from local shops trying to help our businesses come back.
The following summer, I took a trip to the East Coast and saw many companies had these beautiful, iconic New England motif prints—sail flags, golf clubs, lighthouses. The only thing similar I could think of in New Orleans was the Perlis crawfish. There are so many iconic images in our city and I knew something similar could work here.
I started NOLA Couture in 2006. My friends helped with the graphic design, I found a tie manufacture, and used my savings to produce our first line of 10 ties that we pre-sold to Perlis and Feet First. The “spark” was wanting to do something fun for New Orleans that was memorable for people who had left and was a way to celebrate the city.
Describe your business in a few words.
We're a New Orleans based and inspired clothing manufacturer and retailer. We design all of our prints in house and manufacture the majority of the products at our own factory on the West Bank. As much as we can make here, we do.
Your prints are so iconic. Who comes up with the designs?
My team and I come up with the ideas and we also always listen to our customer's ideas.
So you just moved to a new location at 3308 Magazine Street. What changes have you noticed?
It's very different for being just four blocks down the street from our old location. There is a ton more foot traffic here from the restaurants. We bought a factory across the river two years ago and launched a women's ready-to-wear line but didn't have enough room in the old location for those pieces nor dressing rooms. When this space became available we knew it would be a good business move!
Who are your customers?
Our customers are wide ranging! We have items for toddlers, to college kids, to ladies and men of all ages. Also, our customer base is 50/50 locals and tourists. I think people visiting the city love being able to take something back with them that is different that they will use regularly and remember New Orleans.
We see you also sell online. How has that impacted your business?
We just redid our website and saw a significant jump in sales after we re-launched. I love watching our online orders come in because they are from everywhere—Maine, Arizona, Old Metairie, Baton Rouge. I see these locations and I'm like, “How did this person find us in Minnesota?!” My guess is a lot of people have been to New Orleans or have some connection to the city.
If your shop was a cocktail, what kind would it be?
My favorite is sparkling Rosé. I think it's fun, bubbly, vibrant, and a little elevated!
Since you started with ties, what led you to wanting to expand into different clothing markets?
Our customers! Always listen to what your customers want because they are the ones buying your product. From the beginning, I learned at Gap, you always listen to your customers. Even though I worked at Gap's corporate office we would still go to the stores to talk to the customers and the managers.
NOLA Couture went from adult ties to kids ties to bow ties. Then we did ribbon items for belts and people started asking for dog collars. Our female customers kept asking for women's apparel so we started with scarves and now have a whole clothing line. Our expansion has been very organic.
With adding so many different lines and pieces, what do you find is most helpful in keeping your brand consistent?
Always keeping it New Orleans inspired. Our pieces are vibrant and fun, and there is definitely a preppy aspect to it. We know our customers and keep them at the center of our designs.
How do you define “success” in your business?
Being able to stay in business with all the ups and downs over the past 11 years! Another measure of success are the jobs and work environment we have created. I'm proud that NOLA Couture employs over a dozen people and that it has a positive impact on their lives. It's important to have a happy, healthy work environment, and it brings me joy to see my team succeed.
What are your current or any upcoming goals for your business and/or community?
We just bought a fabric printing machine! I have been looking to buy a machine since 2010 and we finally pulled the trigger. It just arrived two weeks ago and we have to have people fly in to set it up and train us. It is a monster—two of the delivery palettes were 944 lbs and the next palette is over 1000 lbs. We are so excited to be able to print our own fabrics for ourselves as well as others.
What's your favorite local business in your area?
Poke Loa (wink, wink)!
What advice would you give a new business owner?
I would say get as much experience as you can in the industry you want to go into. Let people give you advice and really listen. Any bit of information coming from anyone with experience in your industry is valuable. Also, don't ever give up if it is what you really want to do.
While drainage system improvements and road construction make “shopping local” a bit more challenging in the short term, the critical improvements mean our city will be safer and stronger for generations to come. We hope you are inspired and continue to shop small and shop local—even if it takes a little extra time!
The Shopkeeper Stories are brought to you by StayLocal, the Greater New Orleans independent business alliance, in partnership with Uptown Messenger. Learn about their work or become a member at www.staylocal.org or email info@staylocal.org.
Image copyright Getty Images
Recommendations for how to improve and strengthen Scotland's hate crime laws are to be unveiled by a senior judge.
Lord Bracadale has been looking at whether new categories of hate crime, such as age and gender, should be created.
And he has been examining whether the country's existing hate crime laws are fit for purpose.
His report, which was commissioned by the Scottish government last year, will be published at 10:00.
There were a total of 5,708 hate crime charges in Scotland in 2016-17, including 3,349 racial, 673 religious, 1,075 LGB, 40 transgender and 188 disability hate crimes.
It is widely accepted that the real level of hate crime is far higher than reported in official statistics, as a significant number go unreported.
Social media
Police have also warned that many recorded instances of hate crime have an online element as increasing numbers of youngsters use social media to bully their peers or hide behind fake online accounts.
Lord Bracadale, who started work on his review in January of last year, has been speaking to victims and representatives of communities affected by hate crime, as well as those who work in the criminal justice system.
The Scottish government has stressed that Scotland is an "open and inclusive nation" but is not immune from the threat of racism, intolerance and prejudice.
Hate crime offences in Scotland are currently covered by a range of laws, one of which - the Offensive Behaviour at Football and Threatening Communications Act - was recently repealed by Holyrood against the wishes of the Scottish government.
At the time, the government warned that repealing the law would send out the message that parliament was "happy to let this behaviour go unchecked and unchallenged".
Special tank allows scientists to churn up category 5 hurricane force storms
Model beach houses take a beating as scientists at the University of Miami Rosenstiel School of Marine & Atmospheric Science crank up a one-of-a-kind hurricane simulation tank at the school. Scientist Ben Kirtman, the Director of the Cooperative Institute of Marine & Atmospheric Studies explains how creating Cat 5 force winds and waves in the giant tank help with making predications and future forecasts that help save lives.
Actress Vanessa Kirby will join the cast of the Fast and Furious spinoff along with actor Jason Statham and Dwayne ‘The Rock' Johnson.
The project ‘Hobbs and Shaw' will showcase Luke Hobbs, the Diplomatic Security Service agent played by Johnson, and Deckard Shaw played by Statham, confirmed The Hollywood Reporter.
Vanessa Kirby is known for essaying the role of Princess Margaret in the Netflix TV series ‘The Crown.'
Helmed by ‘Deadpool 2' director David Leitch, the movie will be scripted by Fast franchise's veteran writer Chris Morgan and produced by Original Films, alongside Johnson and his Seven Bucks Productions partners, Dany Garcia and Hiram Garcia.
The movie is slated to hit the big screen on July 26 next year.
Hello traders everywhere. Facebook's decline of over 7% today has put pressure on the entire stock market, especially the tech sector. Facebook fell after reports surfaced that the political analytics firm Cambridge Analytica was able to collect data on 50 million people's profiles without their consent. It begs the question, should the likes of Facebook, Twitter, and Snap be under some form of federal regulation?
This drop by Facebook is the most significant drop in its stock price in 16 months. The fall is more than 10% below its all-time high set on Feb. 1 and it also pushed the price below its 50-day and 200-day moving averages, two key technical levels.
Key Events On Tap This Week:
The Fed decision and Powell's news conference come on Wednesday.
The Bank of England is expected to keep interest rates and its asset-purchase program unchanged on Thursday. Attention will be on language and the odds for a May hike.
Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman is expected to meet with President Donald Trump at the White House this week as part of a U.S. visit.
Company earnings scheduled for this week include Tencent, FedEx, Porsche, Hermes, PetroChina, Nike, Enel, and Oracle.
Key Levels To Watch This Week:
S&P 500 (CME:SP500): 2,647.32
Dow (INDEX:DJI): 24,217.76
NASDAQ (NASDAQ:COMP): 7,084.83
Gold (NYMEX:GC.G18.E): 1,321.80
Crude Oil (NYMEX:CL.J18.E): 61.08
U.S. Dollar (NYBOT:DX.H18.E): 89.33
Bitcoin (CME:BRTI): 11,662.32
Every Success,
Jeremy Lutz
INO.com and MarketClub.com
The Met Office has issued a yellow status weather warning of ice for Northern Ireland.
The warning was issued shortly before 10am on Monday and is valid from 4.00pm on Monday through to 11:00am on Tuesday.
"Ice is expected to form across Northern Ireland on Monday evening with icy surfaces expected, lasting into Tuesday morning," reads the warning on the Met Office website.
"Some injuries are likely from slips and falls on icy surfaces and icy patches will form on some untreated roads, pavements and cycle paths."
More to follow.
Five people, including the head of Michigan's health department, were charged Wednesday with involuntary manslaughter in an investigation of Flint's lead-contaminated water, all blamed in the death of an 85-year-old man who had Legionnaires' disease.
Nick Lyon is the highest-ranking member of Republican Gov. Rick Snyder's administration to be snagged in a criminal investigation of how Flint's water system became poisoned after officials tapped the Flint River in 2014.
Lyon, 48, the director of the Health and Human Services Department, is accused of failing to alert the majority-black population about an outbreak of Legionnaires' disease in the Flint area, which has been linked by some experts to poor water quality in 2014-15.
If convicted, Lyon could face up to 15 years in prison.
"The health crisis in Flint has created a trust crisis for Michigan government, exposing a serious lack of confidence in leaders who accept responsibility and solve problems," said state Attorney General Bill Schuette, who said his probe is moving to the trial phase and signaled that Snyder, who has apologized for his administration's failures that led to and prolonged the crisis, may not be charged.
"We only file criminal charges when evidence of probable cause of a crime has been established. And we're not filing charges at this time," he said.
Lyon also is charged with misconduct in office for allegedly obstructing university researchers who are studying if the surge in cases was linked to the Flint River.
The others are people who were already facing charges. They are: Darnell Earley, who was Flint's emergency manager when the city used the river; Howard Croft, who ran Flint's public works department; Liane Shekter Smith; and Stephen Busch. Shekter Smith and Busch were state environmental regulators.
The state's chief medical officer, Dr. Eden Wells, 54, was charged Wednesday with obstruction of justice and lying to an investigator.
"Dr. Wells vehemently denies the charges," defense attorney Jerry Lax said.
Other attorneys in the case have not returned calls seeking comment.
Snyder expressed support for Lyon and Wells.
"Some state employees were charged over a year ago and have been suspended from work since that time. They still have not had their day in court. That is not justice for Flint nor for those who have been charged," he said in a statement. "Director Lyon and Dr. Wells have been and continue to be instrumental in Flint's recovery. They have my full faith and confidence, and will remain on duty at DHHS."
Flint began using water from the Flint River while under state emergency management, but did not treat it to reduce corrosion. Toxic lead from old plumbing leached into the water system, causing elevated levels in children and leaving residents to drink and bathe with bottled or filtered water.
Some experts also have linked the water to Legionnaires' disease, a type of pneumonia caused by bacteria that thrive in warm water and infect the lungs. People can get sick if they inhale mist or vapor, typically from cooling systems.
There were nearly 100 cases in the Flint area, including 12 deaths, in 2014 and 2015.
Lyon, Croft, Earley, Shekter Smith and Busch are blamed in the death of Robert Skidmore in December 2015. He was admitted to McClaren Flint hospital in June 2015 with symptoms consistent with pneumonia. He died at home six months later.
Lyon was personally briefed in January 2015 but "took no action to alert the public of a deadly" outbreak until nearly a year later, special agent Jeff Seipenko told a judge as the charges were filed.
Lyon has admitted that he was aware of the Legionnaires' outbreak for months but wanted to delay saying anything public until state Health and Human Services Department investigators finished their own probe.
He told state lawmakers that experts likely wanted to "solve the problem" before they raised it with senior officials in the Snyder administration. The investigation, he said, "wasn't one that was easily solved."
Schuette has now charged 15 current or former government officials in an ongoing probe that began in early 2016, including two emergency managers whom Snyder appointed to run the impoverished city of roughly 100,000 residents, a majority of them African-Americans. The Michigan Civil Rights Commission issued a report in February blaming "systemic racism" going back decades for the problems that caused the water crisis in Flint.
In March, Corrine Miller, the state's former director of disease control, was sentenced to probation and ordered to write an apology to residents after pleading no contest to willful neglect of duty. She is a key cooperating witness for Schuette's team.
Tropical Storm Nate was gathering force in the warm waters of the Caribbean Sea on Friday as it made its way toward the U.S. Gulf Coast, which was bracing for a potential direct hit Sunday.
The storm has already unleashed heavy rain and flooding over parts of Central America, where several people have died.
In Nicaragua, the death toll reached at least 11 on Thursday, while thousands of people had to evacuate their homes and several others were reported missing, according to Vice President Rosario Murillo. Nate follows nearly two weeks of heavy rain that has saturated the ground there, reports The Associated Press, and Murillo said that the recent rainfall is not part of Nate's storm system.
In Costa Rica, officials blamed the storm for at least seven deaths, AP says. Schools across the country were suspended Thursday because of heavy rainfall.
In Honduras, two young people drowned in a swollen river, while in neighboring El Salvador a man was killed in a mudslide, reports Reuters.
The National Hurricane Center said Nate was located off the coast of Honduras on Friday morning and headed north northwestward at 14 mph. It had maximum sustained winds of around 45 mph, but forecasters said the winds would pick up over the next couple of days and were expected to reach hurricane force by the time Nate reaches the northern Gulf of Mexico.
A hurricane watch was in effect Friday for parts of Louisiana, including New Orleans, while parts of Mississippi and Alabama were under a tropical storm watch.
Louisiana Gov. John Bel Edwards declared a state of emergency Thursday in anticipation of Nate's arrival and is asking President Trump to declare "a pre-landfall state of emergency."
At a briefing Edwards said Louisiana is expected to take a direct hit early Sunday morning, but parts of the state could feel the force of the winds by Saturday evening. Edwards said rainfall could reach six inches in some areas, with storm surge of up to six feet.
It has been a devastating hurricane season, and Nate is an unwelcome reminder that it is not over yet; the season continues until the end of November.
Louisiana National Guard soldiers have already been helping with recovery efforts in Puerto Rico in Hurricane Maria's aftermath. Now more than 1,000 state guardsmen have been mobilized ahead of Nate, some in New Orleans to monitor drainage pumps, which have already undergone damage.
"We don't anticipate that this is going to cause devastating impact to New Orleans or exceed the ability for the pumps or the electrical generation down there to pump out that water," Edwards said. But he added, "I'm not going to tell you I am not concerned."
Project info
Over 5000 years old, Xinaliq is one of the highest, most remote villages in Azerbaijan. Historically it has been extremely isolated due to it's geographical
location, the Greater Caucasus Mountains creating both a physical and cultural divide between Xinaliq, the rest of Azerbaijan and the outside world.
A new road built in 2006 has allowed unprecedented access.
The borders are now shifting.
Disclaimer
UNCUT Magazine does not store any files. Everything posted on this site is for promotional use only. Files downloaded should be kept for no longer then 24 hours and then deleted. Please support the artists and buy their music. All music and videos are copyrights to the original owners.
As Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg testified before Congress this week, voters had good reason to pay attention. Americans are online a lot: Seventy-three percent of us use social media, 45 of us went online more than 25 times last week, 43 percent of us did some form of online banking last month, according to Simmons Consumer Research. And we hold deep concerns about what happens to our personal information online.
In a country divided on policy, politics and culture, concerns about privacy emerge as something of a great uniter, Simmons data suggest. Americans of all stripes share a feeling of helplessness when they post personal information online. They want more personal control over information companies have gathered on them. And they don't place a lot of faith in the federal government to make the best decisions about protecting their privacy.
More than four in 10 Americans say that once a piece of personal information is online there's nothing they can do about it. Six in 10 say they want more control over the information companies might have on them. And only 18 percent say they trust the federal government to make the best decisions about how to protect their privacy.
That's a lot of misgivings and mistrust.
It's not enough to scare us off of our electronic devices, at least not yet. Only 22 percent of Americans say privacy concerns have caused them to reduce internet usage. But the broad agreement on the security and use of personal data online shows this is a Washington debate that people care about.
The numbers aren't monolithic, particularly when you look at the data by age. There are some noteworthy generational gaps between Boomers, for whom the online realm was a late addition to their world, and Millennials, who are “digital natives.”
Among people ages 25 to 34, the Millennials, 41 percent say they “feel like they have a fair amount of control over the personal information” that can be found about them online. With those ages 55 to 64, the Boomers, only 26 percent feel that way.
That's a 15-point gap and it may have something to do with the difference between growing up with the internet and having to adjust to it. There's a reason younger people often get calls from their parents to serve as “tech support.” What's less clear is whether that Millennial confidence in warranted.
The Millennial age group is also more likely to say the information about them online is “relatively harmless,” 47 percent believe that. Only 30 percent of the Boomer age group believes that to be true.
Some of that split may be about the kind of information that those age groups are thinking about, photos and social media posts on one hand versus credit scores and banking records on the other.
And the education divide rears its head in these numbers. The Simmons data shows that those with a college education are much more likely to look up a company online before sharing personal information than those without a degree.
More than half of those with a bachelor's degree, 51 percent, say they check out the website that wants their information before they enter it. The number for those without a degree is 35 percent.
But when you look at the most politically meaningful divide in the nation, the partisan split between Democrats and Republicans, the differences in the numbers fade. For the most part, Red and Blue America are in agreement on concerns about online privacy.
Democrats and Republicans are separated by four points or fewer on questions about their personal control over online information. And two-thirds of the members of both parties say they want more control over their personal data.
Furthermore, while Democrats are more likely to say they trust the government to make the best decisions about how to protect their privacy, the number is still very low — 21 percent for Democrats versus 14 percent for Republicans. And both groups, by the way, fall almost exactly in line with the national average on whether they are using the internet less because of worries about online privacy.
How often do you see members of the nation's two major political parties show that kind of agreement on anything, particularly a hot topic in the news? That's one reason why this issue isn't likely to go away.
But this issue is not necessarily a slam dunk for Washington.
Americans are nervous about sharing information online. They want more control over their data. And they aren't especially eager to scale back on the online time that has become a very big part of their lives. But they're not really sure they trust the government to figure out the answer.
In other words, Democrats and Republicans agree that they want something done, but the question echoing through the halls of Congress is: “What now?”
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
FORT LAUDERDALE (CBSMiami) — The South Florida Wildlife Center is nursing two baby Least Tern birds back to health after being displaced by the bad weather over the weekend.
The Least Tern, the smallest tern in North America, is listed by the state as a threatened species. It is listed as endangered in the Midwest and Great Plains states.
The baby birds were blown from their nest in the windy and wet weather over the weekend and one wasn't doing so well because some kids were playing with it, according to officials at the Wildlife Center.
However, it is getting stronger and they hope to re-nest the pair or rehab them both and release them into another colony in late June.
In Florida, The Least Terns live along the coast and are seen in most coastal areas but their habitat continues to diminish as human population and development increases along the coastline. They are also spotted near estuaries, bays and rivers. Outside of Florida they can be found along the Atlantic Coast and all the way down to Argentina.
The good news is that Least Terns in some parts of the east are now nesting successfully on gravel roofs near the coast.
Kian Hagerman
Mesa Legend
The MCC library intends to scan all available issues of the school's newspaper, with the intention of making digital issues available to students.“It's been approved, we've already got a purchase order to have the State Library, it is digitizing for us,” Jennifer Hunt, manager of the MCC library said. “So we will actually ship them to the State Library, they will digitize and send them back to us, so that portion has been approved.” Established as The Cub Reporter, The Mesa Legend changed its name to The Hokam Legend in 1964, though the first few years of issues are no longer available to be digitized.
The project to scan their newspaper archive is part of a larger initiative in the library to update the collection. “We decided to redo our entire archive collection,” Hunt said. “It had been done years before but it was time for a refresh, so we hired a professional archivist to go through the collection, and one of the things that she recommended was having these digitized both for preservation and for accessibility.” The exact method by which students will have access to these digital editions is not yet determined. “Once we get them digitized, our goal is to get them online so that students would be able to go through the old newspapers,” Hunt said.
The process will include all available issues of the newspaper, going back to 1968 through to the most recent volumes. Hunt said that students would be able to come to the library if they wanted to see a particular issue, and that microfilm or the physical copies would be available to them. “We could even email them the PDF copies, so they would have immediate access,” Hunt said. All that would be necessary to receive the document would be a request on the student's part.
“They can get it by request, as soon as the digitization is done, which will be done before this semester is over,” Hunt said. “And the physical stuff, they can come in and make copies of this now.” An online version would be available, hopefully in a year according to Hunt. To find out more information about the project, one can visit the MCC library at the Southern and Dobson campus. Hours of operation are Monday – Friday 7 a.m. – 9 p.m., Friday 7 a.m. – 5 p.m., Saturday 9:30 a.m. – 6:30 p.m., and Sunday 2-8 p.m. during Fall and Spring semesters.
GREENVILLE, N.C. (WNCT) – A new state law going to into effect in 2016 is designed to help children who would normally age out of the foster care system.
“Foster 18 to 21” started on January 1, and it allows those aged 18 to 21 to continue to receive services through the system.
Megan Hartzog is a local foster mom who said it concerned her as thousands of children aged out of the foster care system.
“I just feel so bad knowing that there are kids out there that don't have their needs met,” Hartzog said. “They don't have the love. You know they are kind of just out there.”
Hartzog said she has seen so many children come and go, and knowing there is hope for their future is wonderful.
“At 18, you know, you're just being dumped kind of out there in the world with no support and no help,” said Hartzog. “I think that's an excellent idea to give these kids something to help them get by.”
Hartzog adopted little Cheyenne from the foster system when the girl was just more than one year old.
“I've always wanted a lot of kids, and so this is a good way of me having kids,” said Hartzog.
According to the N.C Health and Human Services website, young adults who choose the program are more likely to get their diploma and degree.
Political Alliance Of Southern States For 2019: Igbo As President And Yoruba As VP -By Bayo Oluwasanmi
The Progressives Congress (APC) was formed February 6, 2013, in anticipation of the 2015 elections. Action Congress of Nigeria (ACN), the Congress for Progressive Change (CPC), the Nigeria Peoples Party (ANPP), and a faction of All Progressives Grand Alliance (APGA), merged to take on the People's Democratic Party (PDP).
The APC candidate Muhammadu Buhari won the presidential election by almost 2.6 votes. Incumbent President Goodluck Jonathan conceded defeat March 31. This was the first time in Nigeria's history that an opposition political party unseated a governing party in a general election and one in which power transferred peacefully from one party to another.
For Nigerians, the electoral victory of Buhari was a victory of unprecedented triumph and optimism. With Buhari in Aso Rock, eyes were fixed on the promise of a new society. Suddenly, a vision for a better Nigeria had been given substance and historic impetus by the defeat of PDP, the party in power for 16 years. The APC victory was indeed stunning.
If Antonio Gramsci's haunting phrase “the old is dying and the new cannot be born,” was ever applicable to Nigeria's presidential election, then it is now. The old brigades have continuously maintained and extended their stranglehold on power. It's all about them. They believe they have the monopoly of the wisdom, superiority, and singular ability to manage the affairs of our nation that's becoming more complex by the day. The youths are disorganized, disoriented, divided, confused, immobilized, and unprepared to challenge the octogenarians and take power away from them. History is about to repeat itself.
For 2019, it's not going to be predictable like before. It has become politically imperative for the Southern States – South West, South East, South South plus Kogi, Kwara, and Middle Belt – to unite and form an alliance to save this dying nation. The alliance will be for common agenda for purposes of contesting 2019 presidential elections with a joint ticket of a younger generation of Igbo as the presidential candidate and Yoruba as the vice-president that will clear election thresholds. The alliance will make possible the maximizing of votes in pursuit of an agreed set of common goals to be reached by means of a common strategy, joint actions, the pooling of resources and the distribution of possible subsequent pay-offs. More than any other thing, the alliance will help progressives to access, to gain control, retain power, and chart a new course for Nigeria.
Buhari's administration is a textbook example of failed government and it should be denied a second term. Buhari's two years in office has been one disaster and another. A government which rode on the coattail of populism of change mantra is everything but change. He lost the war on corruption – his signature program. Unemployment remains the tormenting devil of our youths. Restructure, the preamble to his party's manifesto, has been jettisoned. Boko Haram rampage is on going. Northern cattle herdsmen are in the real sense of the word, another barbaric domestic terrorist group. Electricity is predictably more erratic and epileptic. The living standard of Nigerians is at its nadir. Chaos, crisis, protests, panic, fear, insecurity are familiar daily newspaper headlines. Jungle justice has replaced criminal justice. Hunger is an everyday companion of poor Nigerians. Nigerians are victims of cheap deaths that are treatable, curable, and preventable. In short, the socioeconomic diary of Buhari's government reads like a funeral dirge.
The progressive elements of our nation cannot continue to be spectators anymore. The time is NOW to forge an alliance of the Southern States to produce a viable alternative presidential choice for Nigerians to run against Buhari and Abubakar Atiku. Our democracy is a tired adversary to all the principles of a true federalism. The Southern Alliance will set the stage for the next leadership battle and serve as a framework for governance – radical transformation of our country and restoration of principles of democratic federalism – equity, fairness, justice, separation of powers, checks and balances, state's autonomy, judicial reforms, rule of law, new revenue allocation formula based on derivation, state and local government police, a new constitution, and many more. It's a coalition that will build a consensus on issues that impacts development and governance. The alliance will ensure that our people are entitled to, and must get the dividend of peace, progress, and prosperity.
The alliance will be a realignment of progressive forces that will break the stranglehold on office, the monopoly on power, and hegemony of the North West and North East which had ruled Nigeria for 47 out of 58 years of independence without any concrete or visible progress to show for it. In spite of the many years the Hausa-Fulanis had ruled Nigeria, the north still grapples with problems of medieval times particularly human capital development. Based on the idea and ideals of a greater society for the greater good of our people, the alliance will do away with nepotism whereby relatives and tribal kinsmen control the machinery of government, security apparatus, judiciary, federal civil service, federal agencies, and federal parastatals. Unlike the arrogant and ignorant belief of the old tired and worn out Trojan horses that they know it all and can do it all, we believe wisdom is to be found in the crowd. They are out of their depth. We know it and inwardly they do too.
Like an ebb tide that reveals a reshaped coastline, the new alliance will remake Nigeria. A true and genuine political alliance that will reflect the full range of views across the country that will open up politics for a better Nigeria. The alliance will do more than provide an outlet for frustrated progressives who are painfully disappointed by Buhari blatant nepotism and the way he's been running the country for the past two years. It will improve our politics in subtle ways that go well beyond our choices in a presidential election. The basic failure of Nigerian politics is that we have been locked into a cul-de-sac by backward, reactionary, and corrupt re-cycled leaders who lack the intelligence, foresight, courage, determination, wisdom, judgment, and with no room for creativity or innovation in governance or new solutions to problems that have plagued our nation for 58 years.
The coming together of Southern States will forge strategies for nation building and more importantly “cross-over leadership” in order to revive and renew Nigeria and move the long stranded and stagnated nation in the right direction. The alliance we embrace and instil accountability. Through the ballot box, we'll remove these false and manufactured leaders – the real enemies of our people. We'll put an end to the unnecessary and needless sufferings and subjugation of our people – Hausa, Igbo, and Yoruba. Progressive will be the lexicon of the new Nigeria. The alliance will pride itself on collaboration as opposed to corruption as the baseline of our political thought and action in 2019 and beyond. The old political parties with the old guards can never change. They have nothing except sticks and stones to offer our people especially our teeming tortured and taunted jobless youths. The Southern Alliance will create a progressive and prosperous future for our youths in particular, and Nigeria as a whole that is as desirable as it is feasible.
A new nation is waiting to be born!
[email protected]
Related
Comments
comments
Indian stars Priyanka Chopra and Deepika Padukone didn't emerge as winners at the Teen Choice 2017 award ceremony, where TV show 'Riverdale' and film 'Wonder Woman' dominated the winners' list.
Deepika was nominated for her Hollywood debut 'xXx: Return of Xander Cage' in the Choice Action Movie Actress category and lost the title to Gal Gadot, who won for her act in hit film 'Wonder Woman'.
Priyanka was also nominated for her Hollywood debut film Baywatch in the Choice Movie Villain category. She was competing with stars like Charlize Theron, Elizabeth Banks, James McAvoy, Javier Bardem and Luke Evans. Evans emerged the winner.
Sushant Singh Rajput BREAKS SILENCE On Being Tagged As An 'ARROGANT' Actor!
The fan-decided awards were announced here on Sunday.
The annual ceremony, which recognises teen icons in film, television, music, sports, fashion, comedy and the web, honoured film and TV titles including 'Wonder' Woman', 'Riverdale' and 'Beauty and the Beast', reports ew.com.
Stars from 'Riverdale', 'Teen Wolf' and 'Pretty Little Liars' dominated the TV categories, while 'Wonder Woman' and 'Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2' won big in the movie categories.
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Federal Reserve is imposing more penalties on Wells Fargo, freezing the bank's growth until it can prove it has improved its internal controls.
In addition, the San Francisco-based bank agreed to replace three board members by April and a fourth by the end of this year.
The new penalties were announced late Friday on Fed Chair Janet Yellen's last day at the central bank.
In a statement, she said that the Fed “cannot tolerate pervasive and persistent misconduct at any bank.”
Wells Fargo has admitted that employees opened more than 3 million fake accounts in order to meet sales quotas. It ended up paying $185 million to regulators and settled a class-action suit for $142 million.
TERRE HAUTE, Ind. (WTHI) – Another year in the books….and hundreds of daily weather reports logged.
2016 was a warm year locally. For Terre Haute, only two months were below average when it came to averaged monthly temperatures. In this case, May and December.
Note: The December 2016 average temperature ended up being 30.3°F, but is still below the typical monthly average.
2016 in Terre Haute was more than two degrees above the yearly average with 55.6° compared to 53.0°. Only a few daily record temps were set, two high records in February, one cold record in May, and a tied high record in November.
Concerning precipitation: April, June, July, August, and October were all above average.We were a little dry this year in Terre Haute, and ended up more than half an inch below average for the year or -0.66″.
It was an active severe weather season across the state and at home.
Both Lincoln and Indianapolis National Weather Service offices issued more than 140 Severe Thunderstorm Warnings.
While Illinois fell short of the average tornado count, it was nearly doubled for Indiana. Four tornadoes touched down in the News 10 viewing area, including one in Worthington that destroyed a barn .
Whatever heads our way in 2017, Storm Team 10 will be there to keep you safe.
Sushant Singh Rajput is definitely controversy's favourite child. He is often in the headlines owing to his arrogant behaviour with the media. Not just that, his rumoured affairs with co-actors have also earned him the tag of a 'player'.
In his latest interview with Mumbai Mirror, when Sushant was asked to comment why he is often tagged as an arrogant actor, here's what the actor said:
Not My Problem: SSR Commenting on his rude behaviour, he said, "People are constantly finding ways to explain how I've continued to survive in the industry. That's their problem, not mine." I Have No Plans Of Living A Rat Life "I'm not trying to prove a point, I'm not in the race to be No. 1 because I have no plans of living a rat's life. I'm not obsessed with the future and at the same time I'm neither hiding something nor trying to earn a particular reputation," said Sushant. Sushant On His Affair With Kriti "Sometimes, there is a series of stories about me which are untrue and I feel misunderstood. That's not a great feeling." The Stories Do Affect Me: SSR "As an actor I can condition myself to ignore the rumours, but I hold on to the vulnerability and the emotions these rumours evoke because it makes me a better actor. The stories often affect me but they never change my friendship with any co-star," said Sushant. Sushant On Raabta Debacle "We view life as a cause-and-effect-theory. If a film doesn't work we try to find reasons and add to our disillusionment. I've read every book on what's necessary to write a great script and make a hit film." SSR Is Indeed A Positive Thinker "They clearly haven't helped. So now, I've conditioned myself in a way that no matter what happens on Friday, I'll be okay on Monday. I can't screw up six months of work on my next by thinking of my last film," said the Kai Po Che actor. SSR On His First GF "My first girlfriend dumped me because I was too boring. I've tried to be more interesting ever since," said Sushant. SSR On Working With Sara On the work front, Sushant will be next seen in Kedarnath, opposite Amrita Singh's daughter, Sara Ali Khan. In the same interview, when SSR was asked if Amrita is interfering too much with her daughter's Bollywood debut, Sushant said, "Untrue, the script hasn't changed a bit from the one I was given and said ‘yes' to the first time."
He further added, "I'm honest and 100 per cent professional. So, there's absolutely no interference from any parent or friend. Everyone involved is trying to do their best."
ST. PAUL, Minn. (AP) — A group of high school students briefly shut down a Minnesota Senate committee hearing by calling on lawmakers address gun violence in schools.
School of Environmental Studies senior Josh Groven attended the Monday hearing on an unrelated bill and demanded the Senate Judiciary Committee hear bills that would restrict Minnesota's gun laws. Committee Chairman Sen. Warren Limmer briefly paused the hearing while Groven and others were escorted out.
Groven was one of nearly 20 students who earlier staged a sit-in protest at Limmer's office to call for expanded background checks on gun sales and other measures. Limmer eventually met with the group and says party leaders are considering the students' request.
(© Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
AirPods have been around for a while, so many of us have gotten over the slightly weird look of them (with at least one notable exception). While Apple still has yet to expand the options beyond plain white, BlackPods has stepped in to fill a need. The company offers three-phase military-spec refinishing services for these buds, letting you transform the look with Stealth (matte black), Classic (high gloss black) and Aero (space gray).
If you already have a set of AirPods, you can mail them in for refinishing, or simply buy a new pair through BlackPods directly. Since you'll be walking around with these hanging out of your ears, this seems like an upgrade worth its salt, just like a nice pair of specs. This week, BlackPods has provided us with a set of Stealth and Classic models for two lucky readers. They even threw in a pair of silicon protective cases (again, in black) so you can go into stealth mode with a bit of added protection. Just head to the Rafflecopter widget below for up to five chances at winning a less glaringly obvious pair of AirPods courtesy of BlackPods.
Peltz puts pressure on P&G with $3bn-plus stake
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
GE finance chief Bornstein to depart at the end of the year amid shake-up
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Digital Trial subscription for $1.00 for 4 weeks
You will be billed $36.00 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $6.45 per week
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week
Other Subscription options:
CBS4CBS4 is now on CBSMiami.com. It's the same great news, weather, and investigations you found on cbs4.com, but we've added a whole new range of great items and features to help you get more out […]
My TV 33My TV33 is on CBSMiami.comIt's the same great news, weather, and investigations you found on cbs4.com, but we've added a whole new range of great items and features to help you get more out of […]
WQAMMiami's Sports Radio 560 WQAM is South Florida's original sports station. For a quarter century, WQAM has brought the region live coverage of their favorite teams and been home to the most popular and beloved […]
South Florida H.S. SportsSFHSSports is now on CBSMiami.com! We're a part of the CBS Miami family… Visit us at http://miami.cbslocal.com/category/sfhssports . Our “crew” Larry Blustein SFHSSports Senior Writer FloridaKids1@aol.com . We want to hear […]
Gang busted for stealing spinal fluid from women to sell on black market Members of a twisted Pakistani gang are accused of swiping the spinal fluid of at least a dozen of women to hawk on the black market, police said Tuesday. The...
Hong Kong approves ban on local ivory trading HONG KONG — Hong Kong lawmakers gave final approval on Wednesday to a government proposal banning local ivory trading in the Chinese territory by 2021. Lawmakers voted overwhelmingly in favor...
Killer butt-injection 'doctor' sentenced to prison An unlicensed cosmetologist who accidentally killed a Queens mom when she illegally injected silicone into the woman's buttocks was sentenced to 1 1/3 to four years in prison Thursday. “I...
Hawaii's Spam black market blamed for spate of crime A black market for Spam in Hawaii is forcing retailers to store the canned meat product behind lock and key to stop a string of thefts. The rash of heists...
Couple stands trial for allegedly buying baby on the black market Parents-to-be go to crazy lengths to choose their baby's gender, from assuming pseudo-scientific sex positions to undergoing specialized in vitro fertilization procedures. But a couple from Guangdong, China tops the...
Deadly drug being sold on the internet and shipped in baby toys Deadly drug fentanyl is being sold on the internet and shipped in baby toys, we can reveal. A Sun on Sunday probe shows how easy it is to get online...
'Sex slave for sale': Inside an abducted model's 6 days of captivity To the young British model, the assignment probably seemed routine: Travel to Milan, pose for a few photographs. Just another ad campaign, her agency told her. But when she arrived...
Desperate sick people turning to Facebook for prescription drugs Desperate sick people are turning to an alternative way to refill their prescriptions when their insurance runs out — Facebook. A black market for prescription drugs is thriving on the...
Why New York's high tobacco taxes cost the state billions Cigarette sales in New York have become a burning issue on many fronts recently, with anti-smoking tax policies costing the state and city billions in lost tax revenue. A recent...
Share Article Facebook
Twitter
Email You are free to share this article under the Attribution 4.0 International license. Follow Futurity RSS
Twitter
Facebook
Newsletter
A new poll suggests that many older adults still aren't using online systems to communicate with the doctors and other health care providers they rely on—despite the widespread availability of such systems.
Only about half of people aged 50 to 80 have set up an account on a secure online access site, or “patient portal,” that their health care provider offers, according to the new report from the National Poll on Healthy Aging from the University of Michigan Institute for Healthcare Policy and Innovation (IHPI).
Older people with more education and higher household incomes had higher rates of patient portal use—even though those with lower household incomes and less education in general have more health-related needs.
Age matters too: people over age 65 were more likely than people in their 50s and early 60s to say they don't like using the computer to communicate about their health, or to say they're not comfortable with technology in general.
In fact, among older adults who hadn't yet set up access to a patient portal, 52 percent cited concerns about communicating online about health information. Fifty percent said they didn't see the need for this kind of access to their health information. About 40 percent just hadn't gotten around to setting up their access yet; these tended to be adults in their 50s and early 60s.
For the past several years, the federal government has required hospitals, health systems, and other health care providers to offer patient portal options to their patients if they want to earn extra funding from Medicare. The requirements include timely access to records and test results that are part of a provider's electronic health record system.
Among those who had set up an online portal access to their health provider, most (84 percent) had viewed their results from blood tests or other tests.
But when asked about other portal functions, the numbers dropped off sizably. For instance, only 43 percent had refilled a prescription online, only 37 percent had used a portal to schedule an appointment, and only 26 percent had gotten advice about a health problem from their provider online.
“The health care system has provided patient portals as an efficient way for patients to communicate with their providers. But many older adults are uncomfortable with electronic interactions substituting for a phone call or in-person conversation,” says Sarah J. Clark, co-associate director of the poll and an associate research scientist at the University of Michigan Medical School.
Phone, please
“Many older adults still prefer telephone contact with their providers,” says poll director and University of Michigan Medical School professor Preeti Malani, noting that 47 percent of poll respondents said calling was a better way to explain their request. “We hope providers, and health systems, will take these findings into consideration when designing the ways patients can interact with them.”
“‘Convenience' is in the eye of the beholder…”
The poll's results highlight the concerns that might be keeping older adults from setting up and logging in to the patient portals available to them.
For instance, 27 percent of those who hadn't set up a portal account were very concerned that online communication would bring a higher chance of error than talking with someone on the phone or in person would. Nineteen percent were very concerned they wouldn't know who from the provider's staff was answering their question, and 17 percent were very concerned that getting a response to an online communication would take too long.
But among those who had signed up for a portal, the respondents were almost evenly split among those who said phone was faster for getting an answer, those who said the portal was faster, and those who said they were the same.
“‘Convenience' is in the eye of the beholder, and traditional methods of communication with providers still feel more comfortable, accessible, and secure for many older Americans,” says Alison Bryant, senior vice president of research for AARP, which sponsored the poll with Michigan Medicine. “There are great opportunities for us to empower both patients and their caregivers through these technologies, however.”
‘Health supporters'
Another sign that older adults may be missing out on potential portal functions showed up when respondents were asked who else they have authorized to see their health information. Of those who have a portal account, 43 percent said they had authorized someone else to log in to see their information—mostly spouses and partners but also adult children and other family members, some of whom may be their caregivers.
Among those who hadn't authorized another user, 22 percent said they didn't know how to set this up, and 35 percent said they prefer to keep their information private. The other 43 percent said they don't have anyone else who helps with their medical care. The importance of family support also comes up in a recent review paper on older adults and patient portals written by a University of Washington team and published in the journal Medical Informatics.
As patients age and have more complex health needs, providers may want to help their patients understand that they can authorize their loved ones to have such access. A recent IHPI study found that “health supporters” such as adult children are willing and able to help people with chronic illness, but often feel left out by both patients and providers.
The poll results are based on answers from a nationally representative sample of 2,013 people ages 50 to 80. The poll respondents answered a wide range of questions online. The IHPI team wrote the questions and interpreted and compiled the data. The team provided laptops and internet access to poll respondents who did not already them.
Source: University of Michigan
Las Vegas Metro police are investigating a triple-vehicle crash caused by a driver who stole a vehicle in the southeast Valley on Thursday.
According to police, officers were attempting to locate a stolen vehicle and saw it traveling at a high rate of speed on eastbound Harmon Avenue shortly after 4 p.m. The driver of the stolen vehicle crashed into a vehicle on Harmon Avenue, near Pecos Road.
The driver continued and crashed into a second vehicle on Harmon Avenue, near Sandhill Road. Police said one person was transported to Sunrise Trauma with critical injuries and two others with minor injuries.
Police did not specify if the injured people included the driver of the stolen vehicle or were the victims from the other two vehicles involved in the crash.
The intersection of Harmon Avenue and Sandhill Road is closed to traffic. Police took the driver of the stolen vehicle into custody.
Stay with FOX5 for updates.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Ackroo expands product offering with direct integration to market leading management system provider in the automotive segment
OTTAWA, ON--(Marketwired - April 18, 2017) - Ackroo Inc. (TSX VENTURE: AKR) ( OTC PINK : AKRFF) ("Ackroo"), a gift card, loyalty and rewards technology and services provider, announced the launch of its latest advancement to the Ackroo Anywhere platform with integration to CDK Global's dealer management system (DMS). This development provides current and prospective Ackroo dealerships who utilize CDK's market leading product the ability to issue rewards without relying on customers or staff to swipe or scan their account information after each sale has been made, increased data imported into the Ackroo platform around member vs. non-member spending, as well as providing other additional customer information in order to drive key marketing initiatives for the dealership.
"Direct integration to CDK Global's DMS solution is yet another key advancement to further differentiate Ackroo in the automotive sector," said Steve Levely, Chief Executive Officer at Ackroo. "As we continue to expand in this segment advancements like integration to dealer management systems is important. At the end of 2016 we integrated to Authenticom's middleware solution which provides extraction from the majority of DMS's being used however that work did not cover the over 9,500 dealerships in North America that use CDK's platform. We then made the decision to build a direct relationship with CDK Global to provide this option for all current and prospective Ackroo dealers. That work is now complete and so we are thrilled to be an approved partner of CDK Global and we look forward to expanding our combined solution with them across the automotive industry."
About CDK Global
With more than $2 billion in revenues, CDK Global ( NASDAQ : CDK) is a leading global provider of integrated information technology and digital marketing solutions to the automotive retail and adjacent industries. Focused on evolving the automotive retail experience, CDK Global provides solutions to dealers in more than 100 countries around the world, serving more than 27,000 retail locations and most automotive manufacturers. CDK's solutions automate and integrate all parts of the dealership and buying process from targeted digital advertising and marketing campaigns to the sale, financing, insuring, parts supply, repair and maintenance of vehicles. Visit www.cdkglobal.com.
About Ackroo
Ackroo provides gift card and loyalty processing solutions to help retail and hospitality merchants attract, retain and grow their customers and their revenues. Through a SaaS based business model Ackroo provides an in-store and online automated solution to help merchants process gift card & loyalty transactions at the point of sale, provide key administrative and marketing data, and to allow customers to access and manage their gift card and loyalty accounts. Ackroo also provides important marketing services to assist their merchants with utilizing Ackroo's technology solution. Ackroo is headquartered in Ottawa, Canada. For more information, visit: www.ackroo.com.
The TSX Venture Exchange has neither approved nor disapproved the contents of this press release. Neither TSX Venture Exchange nor its Regulation Services Provider (as that term is defined in policies of the TSX Venture Exchange) accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release.
Forward Looking Statements
This release contains forecasts and forward-looking statements that are not guarantees of future performance and activities and are subject to risks and uncertainties. The company has based these forward-looking statements on assumptions and assessments made by its management in light of their experience and their perception of historical trends, current conditions, expected future developments and other factors they believe to be appropriate. Important factors that could cause actual results, developments and business decisions to differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to: the company's ability to raise enough capital to support the company's go forward plans; the overall global economic environment; the impact of competition and new technologies; general market, political and economic conditions in the countries in which the company operates; projected capital expenditures and liquidity; changes in the company's strategy; government regulations and approvals; changes in customers' budgeting priorities; plus other factors that may arise. Any forward-looking statements in this press release are made as of the date hereof, and the company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law.
No NFL players protested during the national anthem before early games as the league celebrated Veterans Day weekend by honoring the military.
The NFL Players Association had asked all players to observe a two-minute moment of silence before games to honor veterans.
Even players who have been protesting most of the season stood for the anthem this week, including the Seahawks' Michael Bennett, who stood before Thursday night's game. Titans receiver Rishard Matthews walked onto the field holding hands with soldiers and stood with teammates for the anthem for the first time since President Trump criticized players for protesting.
Former 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick began the protest movement last season. He remains unsigned and has filed a complaint that team owners colluded against him because of the protests — aimed at police brutality against African-Americans and other issues.
FILE - In this March 4, 2015 file photo, Illinois Republican Gov. Bruce Rauner speaks at an event in Springfield, Ill. Heated debates over income taxes and abortion funding in the state Capitol Tuesday, May 29, 2018, belied what legislative leaders said was a collegial negotiation over the full budget which made lawmakers optimistic they could complete their work by Thursday's deadline. Seth Perlman, File AP Photo
50 years as America's first protected waterway, the Little Miami River flows on
Since 2010, hundreds of Little Miami River Kleeners volunteers have taken part in Clean Sweeps to remove trash and other debris from the Little Miami River and tributaries.
By Tammy Newsom
Thousands of years ago, Ohio was covered by massive glaciers that, over time, caused the Little Miami River to switch its course and flow in a southerly direction, creating the geology of Clifton Gorge and emptying into the Ohio River east of Cincinnati. The Little Miami River Watershed, the bridge of land that separates the Little Miami and its tributaries, is approximately 107 miles long with a basin of 1,757 square miles. The watershed incorporates 11 counties: Clark, Greene, Warren, Clinton, Montgomery, Hamilton, Brown, Clermont, Butler, Highland, and Madison. The Beavercreek tributary alone discharges a vast 100-acre wetland, and it's been said that waters from two mineral-rich communities of the Little Miami Watershed near the gorge, Yellow Springs and Spring Valley, potentially have healing powers.
In 1967, former Dayton Journal-Herald editor Glenn Thompson fought for inclusion of the Little Miami River and the Little Miami River Watershed on a list of rivers for a proposed National Scenic Rivers Bill. He, along with civil engineer Arthur Morgan, Corwin Fred, and Charles Sawyer, formed the Little Miami River, Inc. On Feb. 28, 1968, a few months ahead of the federal law, the Ohio legislature passed the Scenic Rivers Act, making Ohio the first state in the union to enact a river protection law to preserve not only our state's water supply, but the watershed—river banks, forests, and wildlife. Additionally, the Little Miami River became the first river in Ohio to be named a State Scenic River.
“Most of the honor goes to Thompson, who loved to canoe the Little Miami River,” says Hope Taft, former First Lady of Ohio and co-founder of the Little Miami Watershed Network (LMWN). “He was tired of seeing it become clogged with visible and sunken trash from cars and tires, to concrete slabs and appliances and wastewater dumping.” The citizen-based LMWN was formed in 2015, and the Little Miami River Kleeners (LMRK) debuted in 2010.
“You name it, it was in the river, causing harm to the wildlife and water quality and definitely disturbing his sense of calm and restorative peace,” she says.
Thompson initiated the founding of the Five Rivers MetroParks, the Ohio Conservation League, now known as the Ohio Environmental Council, and Little Miami Inc., now called the Little Miami Conservancy.
“The Little Miami River is a real asset to Greene County,” Taft says. “It is called the backbone of the county. It is a tributary to the water and watershed, one of those attractions that we don't realize is so valuable. People who come from out of state want to visit our attraction and enjoy a real asset. We don't always appreciate our hometown bike trail, or a ride on the river. Three million people live within 30 minutes of the river—which leads to great potential, but not if it gets polluted and filled with trash.”
Since 2010, volunteers have met annually for the sponsored LMRK Clean Sweep, which is followed by a River Festival volunteer picnic, held at Bellbrock Park in Bellbrook.
Several canoe liveries line the river's edge, which serves as launch points for the canoe-paddled cleanup. “The cleanup begins at River's Edge Canoe Livery, north of Waynesville,” Taft says. “Some meet at John Bryan State Park removing debris, up through all the sections between there and Waynesville, and others like to begin at the Glenn Thompson Reserve and move through Greene County and Warren County Parks, as well as through Bellbrook's Sugarcreek Park.”
“We have cleaned visible trash and invisible trash from the water with the help of 35 other non-profit groups from the watershed network,” says Taft. “The goal is simple—remove the sediment and things coughed up from the water like fertilizers and pesticides, oil, pet waste, grass clippings, and dirt. And make sure it doesn't get into the water system.”
The Kleeners meet at different launch sites. Starting at John Bryan State Park, they move down Route 68 through Greene County to Xenia, and then on to Glenn Thompson Reserve. From Glenn Thompson, they make their way down to the Narrows, then the Bellbrook Canoe Livery, Constitution Park, and River's Edge Canoe Livery, and eventually end up at Corwin Dam in Warren County.
“There are road guards and bridge guards overseeing the cleanup,” says Taft. “The fire department is on alert for rescues, and we have lots of community resources, from all the park districts and conservation groups, to do a section of the river. Canoe livery people are just very excited taking care of the river and offer their help in a wide
variety of ways.”
“The river cleanup is divided into two-and-a-half mile sections per team,” she says. “Team leaders are given a bin with t-shirts, shovels, a special designed tire puller made by US Aeroteam, and grabbers to pick up trash on the ground. The grabbers have rubber suction on the end to pull plastic bottles out of trees and off the bank. They let water run right out, and we can put a lot of stuff in them without becoming too heavy to carry. We have first aid kits that hopefully won't get used, instructions, and a list of safety numbers. If they need some help, we have Bellbrook ham radio operators at each station to make sure canoers get on and off the river for a successful and safe cleanup.”
This year, summer storms cut short the river cleanup party due to sudden flash flooding, with river swells rising as high as 9 feet the night before. Three hundred and twenty volunteers had registered for the river and river bank clean up with 18 sponsors. “Safety was the number one concern,” says Mike Schumacher, cofounder of the LMWN. “Since the Bellbrook Canoe Livery closed due to thunderstorms and river swells, we canceled the cleanup on the river and chose to focus on the riverbank instead. We had as many as 200 volunteers wandering along the riparian (river's edge). They used their trash removal packs to clean up visible debris for the same duration as the entire river cleanup would have taken. Kettering, Beavercreek, Yellow Springs, Sugarcreek Township, Bellbrook, Oakwood, and Waynesville were all involved in the cleanup. It went from South Charleston in Clark County to the Ohio River, covering Greene County, Warren County, and Hamilton County. We would not be able to reschedule the cleanup again due to varied schedule conflicts among the volunteers until June 2019.”
To commemorate the 50th anniversary of the Ohio Scenic Rivers Act, lobbied by Thompson and LMRK, in addition to the annual River Festival cleanup and picnic, the LMRK has scheduled a variety of events. A 1960s-themed paddle and flight costumed parade was held on the river in honor of the year the Ohio Scenic Rivers Act was ratified. The Paddles and Flight joint event was presented by the LMRK, Bellbrook Sugarcreek Park District, Bellbrook Sugarcreek Chamber of Commerce, and Greene County Parks & Trails.
Upcoming events include Call of the Little Miami movie night on July 13 at the Clifton Opera House and the Watershed Hoopla basketball tournament on July 26. “This is a basketball tournament to raise money to place medallions on our storm drains in Bellbrook and Sugarcreek Township,” Taft says. “This will be lots of fun. The medallions are to remind people that only water goes down a drain.”
September 23rd is the Little Miami Trailblazer Adventure. This starts as a hike from Bellbrook Canoe Rental to Spring Valley, followed by biking from Spring Valley to Bellbrook, and then on to a scavenger hunt.
“Teachers participate in the 23rd Trailblazer Adventure,” Taft says. “At each stop, they'll receive information about watersheds and how we can protect our wildlife, soil, and water supply. The Trailblazer sponsored games are for investment research. An award will be presented to two people who have made an impact and done an outstanding job teaching people about the river and keeping it clean. We will honor them and continue to teach other people to pay attention to the river.”
“The river has improved in many ways since those early attempts at restoration,” Taft adds. “Thanks to (Glenn) Thompson's effort to bring attention to this asset in our midst, it's hard to find the amount of trash that Thompson saw, but it's not hard to see that vigilance is still required.”
“The river cleanup is 100 percent volunteer and we do it year after year,” she says. “We have found more than 10 tons of trash and removed 700 tires from the river since 2000. Volunteers have developed a tire removal tool as part of the ongoing process to remove pollution that is coming off the land. We are hoping to educate people so they can do their part in reducing the development of roofs, parking lots, and driveways that do not absorb water.”
The LMWN, which was founded to educate people on soil and water conservation and to network with other conservation groups, has made a list of several recommendations. Besides participating in the 50th anniversary celebration this summer, homeowners can make a few simple changes to their home maintenance to protect and preserve soil and water all year long on our land. LMWN encourages limiting the area of impenetrable surfaces like driveways, sheds, and roofing, which reduces water absorption, compacts the soil, and causes water tables to rise, potentially resulting in flash flooding.
LMRK home maintenance tips: replace invasive plants with native or indigenous trees and flowers; clean up pet waste and remove de-icers from driveways; and keep direct downspouts away from foundations or store in rain barrels. The Kleeners discourage the use of culverts and recommend routine maintenance of retention ponds. Lastly, seed or mulch bare soil and repair soil erosion where visible.
“This is all public land,” Taft says. “We all live on a watershed, and we all benefit as neighbors helping to take
away the trash.”
The LMWN has incorporated a teaching tool, the Enviroscape Watershed Model, to educate kids and adults on the effects of pollution in the Watershed.
“We have performed a demo to over 3,500 kids over the past two years at the schools and at public festivals such as the River Festival, Honey Fest, WPAFB Pollinator Festival, and many others,” Schumacher says.
To find out more about Little Miami River Kleeners' 50th anniversary celebration summer, their annual cleanup, or for more information about water and soil preservation tips, visit www.mylittlemiami.org or www.lmriverkleeners.org.
Google Reboots Android Security, Rolls Out Android Go
In its ongoing effort to protect Android users from malicious mobile activities, Google plans to begin showing warnings when apps or Web sites collect personal data without their consent. The move expands on the app security measures Google added with its release of Android Oreo in August.
Announced last Friday, Dec. 1, the latest Android protections will begin showing warnings to users starting in February. Android app developers will need to abide by Google's remediation and resolution guidance to prevent such warnings from showing up on their software.
As part of its Android 8.1 update, set for release tomorrow, Google also plans to roll out a new "software experience" called Android Oreo (Go edition). The lightweight version of Google's mobile operating system is aimed at the "next billion" smartphone users around the world with entry-level, low-memory devices.
Safeguards Apply to All Apps and Functions
Under Google's coming update to its Unwanted Software Policy, apps that handle users' personal or device data will have to notify individuals with a prompt and privacy policy information. Users will also need to be informed when any app "collects and transmits personal data unrelated to the functionality of the app," according to Paul Stanton, a member of Google's Safe Browsing Team.
Before such unrelated personal data can be collected or used, "the app must prominently highlight how the user data will be used and have the user provide affirmative consent for such use," Stanton wrote in a Google Security blog post on Friday.
"These data collection requirements apply to all functions of the app," he added. "For example, during analytics and crash reportings, the list of installed packages unrelated to the app may not be transmitted from the device without prominent disclosure and affirmative consent."
The requirements apply to all Android apps, whether they're accessed via Google Play or via another non-Play app market, Stanton said.
Go Edition Targets Next Wave of Android Users
Earlier today, Google also announced the imminent launch of its new Go edition for entry-level Android devices. The Android Go initiative was first unveiled in May at Google's annual I/O developer conference.
"To make sure billions more people can get access to computing, it's important that entry-level devices are fully functioning smartphones that can browse the web and use apps," Android director of product management Sagar Kamdar said in a Google blog post today.
Arriving with tomorrow's release of Android 8.1, the Go edition will provide an optimized experience for users whose Android Oreo devices have between 512 MB and 1 GB of memory. The stripped-down Go edition includes a tailor-made Android operating system, a new set of lightweight Google apps, and a "tuned version" of the Google Play Store that highlights apps designed to work best on low-memory devices.
"We enhanced Android Oreo (Go edition) for speed and reliability on entry-level devices, which means the average app is now 15 percent faster on devices running Android Oreo (Go edition)," Kamdar said. "There are many of these kinds of optimizations -- and they really add up. If all entry level Android devices launched apps 15 percent faster, that would save the world a cumulative one million hours of time -- every day!"
According to predictions released today by the app market data company App Annie, worldwide consumer spending on apps it expected to exceed $110 billion in 2018. While games are expected to continue accounting for the largest portion of app spending, "the share of spend for apps outside of games will increase next year as its growth rate outpaces that for games," the App Annie forecast stated.
"This shift, which has been largely driven by subscriptions, is a strong reflection of the app economy's increasing maturation as the value that apps deliver to users broadens," it said. App Annie also indicated that the Android app market in the coming year will see especially strong growth in India and Brazil.
"[T]hough Brazil is a more mature market than India and further along in shifting beyond the download growth phase, it is a mobile-first country with plenty of room left for growth," the forecast stated. "Both countries have large populations of people who do not yet own smartphones. Continued increases in smartphone penetration in both of these markets will fuel future growth of total time spent, which will in turn lead to higher mobile commerce spend."
Image credit: All screenshots and apps by Google/Android.
In this Jan. 18, 2018 photo, U.S. Bank Stadium, home of the upcoming Super Bowl, is seen through the protective concrete and chain link fence, part of which was already covered with wrap, in Minneapolis where security is tight for the big NFL game. The downtown location of the Feb. 4 Super Bowl has presented some challenges for authorities, who have had to get creative as they carved a secure perimeter around businesses and a major hospital near U.S. Bank Stadium.
A city that's spawned a surprising number of terror suspects is hosting this year's Super Bowl, but local law enforcement officials say they're ready to protect Sunday's big game.
The Minneapolis-St. Paul area has been home to the third highest number of terror prosecutions in the U.S. since 9/11, behind only the much larger metropolitan regions of New York and Washington, NBC News reported.
Twelve Twin Cities residents have been charged with providing support to ISIS and 20 have been arrested for alleged support of the Somali terror group al Shabab in the past nine years. Between 2011 and 2014, 13 locals died fighting for al Shabab and ISIS, according to U.S intelligence officials.
ISIS has continually called for attacks on large-scale events and the possibility of someone hearing those calls is not lost on the FBI's Joe Rivers, who's in charge of terrorism investigations in Minneapolis.
There was a healthy turnout of American history buffs at the Mattapoisett Free Public Library on Sunday afternoon to hear author, historian, and teacher Stephen Puleo discuss his latest book, American Treasures: The Secret Efforts to Save the Declaration of Independence, the Constitution, and the Gettysburg Address.
Puleo is the author of six narrative nonfiction books, including Dark Tide: The Great Boston Molasses Flood of 1819. Kathleen Damaskos of the Mattapoisett Historical Society introduced the author, saying, “Any fan of American history, often with a Boston or Massachusetts flavor, will want to read all of [Puleo's books].”
Puleo lives in Weymouth with his wife, Kate, who couldn't accompany him on Sunday as she often does. Having spoken at such venues as the National Archives in Washington D.C. and the National Constitution Museum, this was his first visit to Mattapoisett.
Puleo began his talk by sharing how the idea for the book, published roughly six months ago, first took shape in his mind.
“The book had its genesis … really about eight years ago,” Puleo said. He had read a small article in a history magazine about how the Declaration of Independence, the Constitution, and the original Gettysburg Address had been moved from Washington D.C. to Fort Knox shortly after the attack on Pearl Harbor due to “fears of German bombers or German sabotage.”
“I said, ‘Wow, I never heard of this…. This is really fascinating,'” he recalled. The article started him ruminating about why President Franklin Delano Roosevelt and Librarian of Congress Archibald MacLeish felt “such a strong stewardship for these documents, why did they feel it was so necessary to protect them…. What's behind it?”
In order to understand what made these documents so important to American morale and American national history, Puleo realized, “One of the things you had to do was go back to the creation of these documents and to go back to some ways in which these documents were protected and preserved over the period of American history.”
To do that, he constructed the book as a “braided narrative,” meaning it moves back and forth between “present day” (the World War II narrative) to other significant periods in American history.
The book looks at different times when these “precious documents” had to be protected, both from dramatic threats like the British burning of Washington D.C. in 1814, and from more mundane (but still very real) threats like humidity, fading, vermin, etc.
In December of 1952, the Declaration of Independence, the Constitution, and the Gettysburg Address were moved for the last time from the Library of Congress to the National Archives, where their protection continues to be of utmost importance.
“When you think about it, the history of these documents is really the history of the United States,” Puleo said.
The talk – co-sponsored by the historical societies of Freetown, Marion, Mattapoisett, Rochester, and Wareham – was followed by a question-and-answer period and book signing.
Puleo's website, www.stephenpuleo.com, includes summaries and reviews of his books, a blog, and links to his Facebook and Twitter accounts.
By Deina Zartman
A man convicted years ago for killing a 22-year-old, chopping up his body, and then putting it in a suitcase said he is ready to face the death penalty next week. (FOX5)
LAS VEGAS (AP) - The Nevada Supreme Court says the state can go ahead with its first execution in 12 years.
In a blunt and unanimous ruling Thursday, the state's highest court said federal public defenders and the American Civil Liberties Union used the wrong process to try to stop Scott Raymond Dozier from getting a lethal injection.
The court didn't make a ruling on a never-before-tried combination of three drugs that prisons officials have proposed for Dozier's execution.
The 47-year-old Dozier has been on death row since 2007 for convictions in separate murders in Phoenix and Las Vegas.
He says he wants to be put to death as soon as possible.
The ruling moves the case back to a state court judge in Las Vegas who blocked the execution last November.
She's under orders to issue a new warrant for Dozier's execution.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
More Videos
5:33 Greg McGarity details west end zone project
4:51 Kirby Smart on IPF, west end zone project
1:26 J.J. Frazier on his 29-point performance in win over Tennessee
0:35 Mark Fox talks Georgia's win over Tennessee
1:41 Mark Fox: 'Our team's not playing well and that blame lies with me'
1:03 Juwan Parker says Georgia's season is 'far from over'
1:59 J.J. Frazier says team didn't come ready to compete vs. Florida
1:03 J.J. Frazier frustrated with yet another close loss
1:17 Mark Fox talks about loss at South Carolina
1:10 Gibbs talks about his adjustment to college life
0:51 Early-enrollees introduced at UGA-Texas game
2:31 Jake Fromm talks his adjustment to college life
WINDSOR, N.C. (WNCT) – A social media threat sparked a “soft lockdown” at a Bertie County School.
The school administrators and law enforcement were made aware of the threat against the high school this morning. As a precaution the school as placed on a”soft lockdown.”
A school official says the Bertie County Sheriff's Office is investigating the threat.
As a precaution school will be dismissed early.
(CNN) -- An amateur terror attack struck the Port Authority bus terminal at 42nd Street and Eighth Avenue near Times Square on Monday morning, injuring three people and causing chaos in one of the busiest commuter hubs in the city, officials said.
The suspect in custody after the New York explosion is Akayed Ullah, said Police Commissioner James O'Neill. Ullah wore an "improvised low-tech explosive device attached to his body," which he intentionally detonated, O'Neill said. He is now at Bellevue Hospital, where he is being treated for lacerations and burns to his hands and abdomen, New York City Fire Department Commissioner Daniel Nigro said.
Ullah is also injured, according to the New York City Fire Department. The three victims suffered non-life-threatening injuries, the fire department said.
Mayor Bill de Blasio called the incident an "attempted terrorist attack," while Police Commissioner James O'Neill called it a "terror-related incident," and Gov. Andrew Cuomo said the perpetrator used an amateur "effectively low-tech device."
The A, C and E subway lines were evacuated, NYPD Sgt. Brendan Ryan said. The subway entrance on Eighth Avenue is closed.
Aerial footage from the scene showed police cruisers, emergency vehicles and hundreds of police and fire personnel in the street outside the terminal.
"Could have been a lot worse," a federal law enforcement source told CNN.
Preliminary information, according to two law enforcement sources, one local and one federal, indicates a pipe bomb may have unintentionally exploded.
A man wearing a homemade device attempted to detonate it, and it either malfunctioned or did not go off the way it was supposed to, according to one NYPD source.
Francisco Ramirez said he heard two explosions as he was exiting a bus about 7:45 a.m. ET. He heard both blasts distinctly even though he was wearing headphones.
"From what I saw it sounded like it came from the subway, but I'm just guessing," he said. "It was two distinct explosions seconds from each other. As I was making my way toward the outside, I kept getting shoved by cops and there were cops at every entrance blocking and there was police and SWAT everywhere.
"It was scary. It was just a lot of chaos but I didn't see any injuries."
Marlyn Yu Sherlock was at a retail store on the main floor of the terminal when people began flooding out of the subway entrance, "screaming, running in panic," she said.
"The PA system was still blaring Christmas carols," Sherlock said. "It took about four minutes before men in black cop uniforms started shooing people out of Port Authority. As I walked further away from the building, I kept asking the heavily armed cops what it was. They said 'suspicious package.'"
Cuomo and de Blasio are on the scene and have been briefed by law enforcement. In a tweet, White House press secretary Sarah Sanders said President Donald Trump, too, had been briefed.
The incident comes a few weeks after a deadly terror attack in Lower Manhattan.
A man was charged with killing eight people and injuring a dozen others as he drove a pickup truck down a bicycle path near the World Trade Center on Halloween. He was arrested after the truck hit a school bus, stopping it in its tracks. He exited the vehicle and an officer shot him.
The suspect, Sayfullo Habibullaevic Saipov, was indicted last month on murder and terror-related charges, the US Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York said. Saipov pleaded not guilty to 22 federal counts.
It was the deadliest terror attack in New York City since the September 11, 2001 attack on the World Trade Center.
CNN's Brynn Gingras, AnneClaire Stapleton, Eliza Mackintosh, Joe Sterling, Shimon Prokupecz, David Shortell and Evan Perez contributed to this report.
TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
ATLANTIC BEACH, N.C. (WNCT) – The boardwalk is quiet, the volleyball courts are empty, it's wintertime at North Carolina's beaches. But at least one group is already thinking summer. The National Weather Service is working on new ways to alert you to dangerous rip currents.
“Some new modeling efforts that we've been working on and what that's going to allow us to do is provide more detailed rip current forecasts for the entire coastline of North Carolina,” said Rich Bandy, meteorologist-in-charge at the National Weather Service in Newport.
And they're using an online survey to learn how to best get this new information out to you.
“So what they're gonna see in the survey is different visualization techniques,” explained Bandy. “So we have this new probabilistic rip current model that's going to allow us to as I mentioned put out more information for an entire coastline where as before, we pretty much were limited to really broad swaths of coastline and text forecasts. The end result is really more awareness of the rip current forecast and we hope that what information we learn from this survey allows us to tailor the way we put that information out.”
It'll still be a few more months before lifeguard stands up and down the North Carolina coast are manned again for a new season. But despite the season, any effort to get the word out about the dangers of rip currents is greatly appreciated.
“We have tourists that come down that are very unfamiliar with rip currents and the dangers of them, how to recognize them, how to escape them, said Adam Snyder, fire and rescue chief for the Town of Atlantic Beach. “That causes probably the largest problem for us here at the fire department.”
“Rip currents are something that a lot of people don't think about when they go to the beach,” added Bandy. “In reality, it's one of the most deadly weather related phenomenon in Eastern North Carolina.”
In 2016, 10 people died from rip currents on North Carolina beaches. The Weather Service hopes some new insight from the survey will turn the tide.
The survey will be available through June. Click here to take the survey.
The National Weather Service hopes to start testing new rip current forecasts by 2018.
Blog: IIoT expands the maintenance maturity model
Analytics, remote monitoring enabled by IIoT enable new, more effective maintenance strategies that move users from reactive or condition-based to predictive and prescriptive maintenance
With the emergence of Industrial IoT (IIoT), collecting data from equipment is moving from paper-based, manual inspections to automated systems. This improves both data quality and quantity. IIoT-enabled remote asset monitoring also dramatically expands the number and variety of parameters that can be monitored cost effectively. Combined with today's more advanced analytics, these data enable industrial organizations to implement new, more effective maintenance strategies to progress further along on the maturity continuum from reactive, to preventive, too condition-based to predictive, and – ultimately – to prescriptive maintenance. With higher maintenance maturity, comes broader business benefits that go beyond reducing…
Actress Cynthia Nixon on Monday announced she will challenge New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo in a Democratic primary, presenting a threat from the left to his bid for a third term.
Nixon is best known for her role as Miranda Hobbes, a lawyer in HBO's “Sex & the City,” but has also been involved in New York politics in recent years, calling for more funding of public education and stumping for New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio, a Democrat.
In a video she posted to her Twitter account announcing her candidacy, she said New York's political leaders have failed the state. “Half the kids in our upstate cities live below the poverty line,” she said. “Something has to change.” The video shows her touring New York by train, walking through the streets of New York City, and riding the subway. If elected, she would be the first female and first gay governor of New York.
Nixon's candidacy has been long rumored. As she began putting together a campaign staff in recent weeks, Cuomo has ramped up his political activities, appearing at antigun rallies and subsidized-housing developments, and touting endorsements from figures as far-flung as British singer Elton John. He has done little formal campaigning so far, however, in his bid for another term.
An expanded version of this report appears on WSJ.com.
Also popular on WSJ.com:
The next housing crisis: A historic shortage of new homes.
Uber suspends driverless-car program after pedestrian is killed.
As market leaders are often all-too-aware, today's cultural and business environments are rapidly shifting—often in highly unpredictable and disruptive ways. In the past few years alone, physical has quickly given way to digital (including cloud and app-based solutions); meetings and events have evolved into virtual and streaming solutions; and promotional and outreach efforts once aimed at connecting with Gen Xers and Baby Boomers are quickly being transformed into initiatives targeted at Millennials and Gen Zers. As analysts at IBM discovered, continuous change is the new normal—and now more normal than new, given that these findings were published roughly half a decade ago.
Organizations that consistently thrive in these unpredictable times are those that are most skilled at embracing change and evolution. In fact, they succeed up to 10 times more often than their less-adaptable peers. But it's not enough to be able to acclimate to unforeseen events. According to IBM and many of the world's leading consulting firms, success hinges less on business strategy or operating models than human capital—i.e., it revolves more around people, not processes, or procedures. In fact, as I often point out in keynotes and workshops, adapting to change and disruption needn't be difficult for business leaders—or meeting professionals—as long as you make some simple shifts in planning and mindset.
For example: Studies of the world's most-innovative organizations show that their key source of competitive advantage is merely providing staff and contributors with better platforms for speaking up, sharing insights, and taking action. Clearly, organizational culture plays a pivotal role in driving innovation. Following are seven habits that can help you adapt to be more competitive and stay ahead of highly-disruptive business environments:
• Create a culture of trust and encourage employees to speak up. Leading enterprises empower workers and reward them for bringing potential opportunities and challenges to their attention. Frontline staffers are often a firm's most informed audience—to create and sustain a competitive advantage, provide your team with the tools they need to translate ideas into action.
• Constantly rethink operating practices. Is “the way it's always been done” still the best way to do it?
• Freely collaborate across the organization. Flatten lines of communication, and allow information, insights, and support to flow throughout your organization. The more readily you can align tools, talent, and resources towards common goals, the more readily you can foster innovation.
• See the future today. Rather than simply keeping pace with rivals, top innovators always consider where the future is heading and strive today for the solutions that tomorrow's audiences will demand.
• Be open to change. Expect employees to stay abreast of changing business environments—and intelligently and flexibly respond to them. To this extent, staffers are given the freedom to take small, smart risks with new programs, initiatives, and communications campaigns that have the potential to help the organization better serve its customers… so long as these risks are intelligent, productive, and affordable.
• Spread your risk. Leading organizations don't try to be risk-free, but rather actively pursue a more calculated range of business bets. As with financial portfolios, these organizations constantly manage and adjust a portfolio of new initiatives, outreach efforts, and strategic ventures. Not all wagers will pan out. But all are designed to collectively help the organization grow its capabilities, spread risk, and learn through real-time monitoring and course-correction.
• Never stop learning. Rather than relying solely on contingency plans, market leaders experiment with new innovations and solutions—especially when things are going well, and they can most afford to gamble. By consistently pioneering new ideas and approaches, and extending their experience, capabilities and comfort zones, they create added flexibility and room to maneuver in the face of changes or unforeseen events.
In short, leading businesses turn employees into emergency responders. They transform infrastructures from barriers into enablers. They see business strategy as flexible, not fixed. And they continually provide collaborators with the tools and runway they need to innovate their way to success as scenarios change. You too can consistently adapt to changing times and trends and go from strength to strength.
Professional speaker Scott Steinberg is a trends expert and futurist, and the bestselling author of Make Change Work for You: 10 Ways to Future-Proof Yourself, Fearlessly Innovate, and Succeed Despite Uncertainty, The Business Etiquette Bible and Millennial Marketing: Bridging the Generation Gap. The founder of travel + hospitality trends magazine SELECT: Your City's Secrets Unlocked, and host of Next Up on NewsWatch, his website is www.AKeynoteSpeaker.com.
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
The Trump administration is rolling back the Obama-era requirement that employer-provided health insurance policies cover birth control methods at no cost to women.
According to senior officials with the Department of Health and Human Services, the goal of the new rule is to allow any company or nonprofit group to exclude the coverage for contraception if it has a religious or moral objection.
"This provides an exemption, and it's a limited one," said Roger Severino, director of the HHS Office of Civil Rights. "We should have space for organizations to live out their religious identity and not face discrimination."
He said he expects that most companies will continue to provide coverage for birth control and that the changes will only affect a tiny percentage of U.S. women. The new rules are being published Friday in the Federal Register and go into effect immediately.
But some health policy analysts say the new rule creates a huge opening that lets any employer claim an exemption, leaving their female workers to pay the full cost of any birth control out of pocket.
"It is a huge loophole for any employer that does not want to provide birth control coverage to their employees," says Dania Palanker, a professor at Georgetown University's Center on Health Insurance Reform.
The change fulfills a promise President Trump made in May to the Catholic religious order The Little Sisters of the Poor in a ceremony in the White House Rose Garden. The nuns had sued the Obama administration over the birth control requirement.
The Affordable Care Act, also known as Obamacare, requires employer-provided health insurance policies to include coverage for preventive health care. After the law passed, HHS used its regulatory authority to specify what has to be included in those preventive services and birth control, including "all Food and Drug Administration approved contraceptive methods, sterilization procedures, and patient education and counseling for all women with reproductive capacity."
But the policy was controversial from the start.
Several companies and religious groups sued, saying the rule infringed on their religious freedom.
The Obama administration created an exemption for churches and allowed other "religious employers" to opt out by notifying the government. When they did so, the administration would arrange with their insurance companies to provide the coverage directly, without the employers' involvement.
But the Little Sisters of the Poor weren't happy with that workaround and sued.
The group's case, and a second one involving private businesses including the Hobby Lobby chain of craft stores, which has 32,000 employees, went to the Supreme Court.
The court ruled in favor of Hobby Lobby in 2014, saying privately held companies could object on religious grounds. And then, last year, the court issued a split ruling in the Little Sisters case, saying the government shouldn't fine the nuns but ordering the two sides to work out an arrangement that accommodates their religious beliefs.
Before a deal was reached, Trump became president.
At the Rose Garden ceremony in May, he told the Little Sisters of the Poor that he planned to change the rules. "Your long ordeal will soon be over," he promised.
Under the new rule, women who work for Hobby Lobby or the religious group may no longer have access to birth control coverage through the Obama-era workaround. A Hobby Lobby spokesman said the company would have no comment on Friday, and the Little Sisters of the Poor didn't respond to NPR's emails seeking comment.
Hobby Lobby's founder and CEO David Green told reporters in 2013, "Our family is now being forced to choose between following the laws of the land that we love or maintaining the religious beliefs that have made our business successful and have supported our family and thousands of our employees and their families."
HHS officials said they don't expect many companies to seek waivers. They said the group seeking waivers will likely be limited to those about 200 companies and nonprofits that have already sued.
But Palanker says the impact could be a lot bigger. There are a lot of large private companies, she says, whose owners may hold strong religious beliefs but did not want the publicity and expense of suing the federal government.
"A lot of women will retain birth control coverage," Palanker says, "but there will be a lot of women who will lose that coverage."
That means they'll find themselves paying out of pocket. A one-month supply of birth control pills can cost anywhere from $4 to $55 or more, according to GoodRX.com.
Longer-acting contraception, like an intrauterine device, can cost more than $1,000, says Sarah Lipton-Lubet, a vice president at the National Partnership for Women and Families. She says the new rule is a tool for discrimination against women.
"Women shouldn't be denied access to basic health care based on their employers' religious beliefs," she says. "We all have the right to our religious beliefs. But the way that this rule treats religion is really an excuse to discriminate."
HHS officials say they also plan more stringent enforcement of a provision in the Affordable Care Act that prohibits federal subsidies from being used for insurance policies that cover abortion. The agency will issue guidelines for insurers Friday on how they have to charge women who want abortion coverage at least $12 a year more for such a policy, and they have to keep that money in a separate fund to be used only to pay for abortions.
The Trump administration's rule is likely to face its own legal challenges from groups that favor contraception.
Meet Isyaka Dahiru, a graduate of Accountancy who married 2 wives: Khadijah and Rashida on New Year's eve.
Wish him luck. More photos below:
http://www.lailasblog.com/2017/01/nigerian-man-marries-two-pretty-women.html
Image caption Shanti Vishwanathan teaches algebra at the Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School
Shanti Vishwanathan, a US teacher of Indian origin, saved the lives of her students during the school shooting in Parkland, Florida, on 14 February. In her first media interview, an exclusive, she spoke to BBC Tamil's Aarthi Gananathan about how that day unfolded.
It was around 2.15pm. Ms Vishwanathan was half-way through her fourth period algebra class at the Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School when they heard gunshots.
"As soon as I heard the shots fired, I said drop everything, leave everything," Ms Vishwanathan said.
She said students who were working on their laptops asked if they should put them away. "I said leave the laptops," she recalled. She told them to crouch or hide in corners so they wouldn't be visible from the small glass window in the centre of the classroom door.
"I might have said it was a drill because I wanted to reassure them. I didn't want anybody panicking," she added.
While some of them scrambled to hide under her desk, she locked the classroom door, covered the window with a sheet of paper and turned off the lights. And then they waited.
According to police reports, 19-year-old Nicholas Cruz arrived on school premises at 2.17pm in an Uber car. He entered the school wearing a gas mask and carrying a rifle, ammunition cartridges and smoke grenades. He then set off the fire alarm so students and teachers would leave the classrooms and pour into the corridors.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The gunman, a former student who was expelled, killed 17 people in six-and-half minutes
The first shots were at heard at 2.21pm when he fired into classrooms on the first floor. In the six-and-half minutes that followed, he shot dead 17 people - 15 students and two teachers.
Ms Vishwanathan's classroom was on the second floor. "It was all quiet. I told them to stay silent," she said - she hoped the gunman would assume the classroom was empty.
She said she saw the door handle move - perhaps he tried opening the door. But he moved on.
She said it was purely "presence of mind" because she had never been trained for a scenario such as this.
No-one would have expected this, she added, because Parkland - a leafy city just an hour from Miami - had recently been declared one of the safest cities in the region.
'War zone'
Even when the police turned up to evacuate the classroom, Ms Vishwanathan said she refused to unlock the door. Instead she asked them to get the key from school officials or break down the door - and they eventually did.
"It was like a war zone… blood on the stairs, in the hallways, blood in front of the building, bodies being dragged," she said. "I know a teacher who had to cross eight dead bodies before she was evacuated.
"Is this really the safe haven we had created for students to learn? Is this a place of learning or is this a place of death?"
Mr Cruz, a former student who had been recently expelled, was arrested at 3.41pm, a few miles from the school. He had left his weapons in a stairwell in the school building and then blended into the crowd of students as they exited with help from the police.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The shooting in Parkland sparked protests across the US for tighter gun control
This was the sixth school shooting of 2018 in the US. And it was the worst since 2012, when gunman Adam Lanza attacked Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Connecticut. He shot dead 20 young children and six adults before killing himself.
But the attack in Parkland ignited a youth-led anti-gun movement that has swept the US.
Within days, the #NeverAgain movement gathered support on social media and sparked countrywide protests for tighter gun control, with the students from Marjorie Stoneman Douglas High School becoming its fiercest advocates.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Emma Gonzalez, 18, one of the survivors of the shooting, has become a prominent voice in the anti-gun movement
"I am so proud of our... children," said Ms Vishwanathan. "All these kids have been our spokespeople, they have done such a wonderful job representing this whole movement."
'New-found respect'
What does she think of US President Donald Trump's proposal that arming teachers could prevent school shootings?
"A good guy with a gun can catch innocents in the crossfire, a good guy with a gun can still not stop a guy with an AR-15," she said.
Ms Vishwanathan would not say what age of the students in her class were but she did say her relationship with them has changed.
"Right now, they have a new-found respect for me because we have been through something together."
But, she added, more than two months later, they are still anxious. "They keep looking at the door, they keep looking at the window, they are afraid to go the bathroom."
"There is no reason for a civilian to hold an assault rifle no matter what. This should be the last mass shooting to ever happen, we should not have any more mass shootings. Ever."
CINCINNATI -- People are sharing a disturbing video of apparent child pornography on Facebook, saying they want the perpetrator to be found.
Police say that's exactly the wrong thing to do.
Several people sent the video to Scripps station WCPO in Cincinnati, which appears to depict an underage girl performing oral sex on an adult man. Many of the messages included the phrase "I want this to go viral." There's no indication where or when it was recorded, or who's in it.
Law enforcement agencies from Alabama to France have gotten complaints as the video continues to spread, AL.com reported. According to the Buffalo (New York) Police Department, "Facebook is aware of this and is working with authorities."
Police in Memphis, Tennessee, even warned that sharing the video "is considered distribution and you could be criminally charged for doing so.
"We understand that sharing information sometimes brings a criminal to justice, but sharing amongst Facebook friends is not the way to do it," the department said.
Aside from being graphic and possibly illegal -- the female's age isn't clear, though she seems to be a child -- police worry the video could carry some kind of malicious code meant to infiltrate a viewer's computer.
"Don't open it, don't share it, don't forward it," Cincinnati Police Lt. Steve Saunders said.
Instead, notify Facebook and then delete the video from your account.
Tony Garrett, executive director of Central Alabama Crime Stoppers, told AL.com "some things point to" the video being made in Alabama. But there's no confirmation of that.
8:25 p.m.
Reigning U.S. Open champion Sloane Stephens did not waste any time reaching the third round of the French Open, and her clinical display impressed former U.S. Davis Cup captain Patrick McEnroe.
Stephens, who did not play in Paris last year because of a foot injury, advanced at the clay-court Grand Slam with a 6-2, 6-2 win over qualifier Magdalena Frech.
"Just FYI. Sloane Stephens is winning this tournament," McEnroe tweeted after Stephens wrapped up her match in a little bit more than one hour.
Stephens had 17 winners to 13 unforced errors and did not face a break point.
___
7:55 p.m.
Caroline Wozniacki dropped just 25 points in her lopsided 6-1, 6-0 win over qualifier and Roland Garros debutant Georgina Garcia Perez of Spain, as the second-ranked Dane easily advanced to the third round of the French Open.
Wozniacki delivered a ruthless performance on Court Philippe Chatrier, limiting her mistakes to eight unforced errors. She did not face a break point and completed the win in 51 minutes. She put on a similar display in her opening match, hitting only 13 unforced errors in a straight-set victory.
Wozniacki won her first Grand Slam trophy at the Australian Open this year and can return to the No. 1 ranking held by Simona Halep by winning the title in Paris.
___
7:30 p.m.
The French Open is Sam Querrey's least successful Grand Slam tournament and the American bowed out early again as this year's No. 12 seed.
He was beaten 1-6, 7-6 (3), 6-4, 6-1 by Gilles Simon of France in the second round.
Querrey hadn't even won a single match at Roland Garros since 2014 until beating Frances Tiafoe in the first round.
Querrey has been as far as the third round in Paris just once in 12 appearances.
___
6:50 p.m.
A young American man trying an underhanded serve while cramping during a five-setter at the French Open. Hmmmm. Seen that before, haven't we? Except, unlike for 1989 champion Michael Chang, the unusual strategy didn't help result in a victory for Jared Donaldson against Grigor Dimitrov.
The fourth-seeded Dimitrov came back to beat the 21-year-old Donaldson 6-7 (2), 6-4, 4-6, 6-4, 10-8 in a second-round marathon that lasted 4 hours, 19 minutes on Court 18 at Roland Garros.
When it ended, Dimitrov leaned forward while raising each knee to give it a kiss — perhaps thanking his legs for carrying him to the win while Donaldson's gave way.
Donaldson, who is ranked 57th, was actually two points from winning when he led 6-5 in the fifth and got to love-30 on Dimitrov's serve. But Dimitrov took the next four points to hold for 6-all.
Dimitrov broke to lead 8-7 and served for the victory, but Donaldson broke right back.
In the next game, though, Donaldson could barely stand, let alone move well.
He double-faulted. Then he tried an underhand serve — not his first of the match, either — and lost the point.
Dimitrov hit a winner to break for a 9-8 edge, Donaldson slowly limped to the sideline for the changeover, and soon enough, it was over.
Chang famously used an underhand service motion while cramping during a fourth-round win against Ivan Lendl on the way to the French Open title 29 years ago.
___
6:30 p.m.
Kei Nishikori has rallied past local favourite Benoit Paire to reach the third round of the French Open for the fourth consecutive year.
The 19th-seeded Japanese player needed nearly three hours on Court Philippe Chatrier to win 6-3, 2-6, 4-6, 6-2, 6-3 against the Frenchman.
"He was attacking every shot," Nishikori said. "He has one of the best touches on the Tour, it was fun to play him and also a difficult match today."
___
6:15 p.m.
Second-seeded Alexander Zverev trailed by a set and a break — and was down a broken racket, too — before eventually collecting himself and coming back to beat 60th-ranked Dusan Lajovic of Serbia 2-6, 7-5, 4-6, 6-1, 6-2 in the French Open's second round.
Zverev equaled his best showing at Roland Garros; he also reached the third round two years ago.
If the 21-year-old German is going to get to the round of 16 he'll need to do something he never has at a Grand Slam tournament: defeat a player ranked in the top 50. Zverev's next match comes against 26th-seeded Damir Dzumhur.
Lajovic lost his eighth consecutive match that stretched to five sets.
___
5:10 p.m.
Serena and Venus Williams have won their first Grand Slam doubles match in nearly two years.
The sisters moved into the second round of the French Open by coming back for a 4-6, 6-4, 6-1 victory over the 14th-seeded Japanese pairing of Shuko Aoyama and Miyu Kato in front of a Court 3 crowd that raucously supported the Americans.
The Williams-Williams duo last competed at a major tournament together at Wimbledon in 2016. They won their 14th Grand Slam title in women's doubles at the England Club.
This return to doubles came a day after Serena Williams participated in Grand Slam singles for the first time in 16 months, winning her first-round match at Roland Garros. Venus Williams lost in the first round of singles on Sunday.
___
3:50 p.m.
Jeremy Chardy first wasted a two-set lead and then bounced back to beat 17th-seeded Tomas Berdych to reach the second round of the French Open.
Chardy led by two sets when their match was stopped by darkness on Tuesday, but Berdych mounted a comeback when they returned. Chardy played well in the decider and broke Berdych twice to advance with a 7-6 (5), 7-6 (8), 1-6, 5-7, 6-2 win.
"At two sets all, it was difficult in my head, and physically, too," said Chardy, who had never beaten Berdych in five previous matches. "I fought hard, all my body was shaking."
___
3:25 p.m.
Former French Open champion Novak Djokovic posted another straight-set win to reach the third round of the clay-court tournament.
Facing Spanish qualifier Jaume Munar, the Serb delivered a solid display to prevail 7-6 (1), 6-4, 6-4 and move into the third round for the 13th time.
Djokovic, who underwent right elbow surgery earlier this year, is the 20th-seeded player in Paris, his lowest Grand Slam seeding since the 2006 U.S. Open.
___
3:10 p.m.
The Williams sisters are back in Grand Slam doubles action for the first time in nearly two years.
A day after Serena Williams made her return to singles play at a major following a 16-month absence, winning her first-round match at the French Open, she is out on Court 3 at Roland Garros alongside her older sister, Venus.
They are facing the 14th-seeded pairing of Shuko Aoyama and Miyu Kato of Japan.
The American siblings, owners of 14 Grand Slam doubles titles, received a wild-card entry. They haven't played doubles together at a major since winning Wimbledon in 2016.
Serena Williams hadn't competed at any Grand Slam tournament since the Australian Open in January 2017. She gave birth to a daughter last September.
___
1:20 p.m.
Marco Trungelliti's long, strange trip as a French Open "lucky loser" has come to an end with a second-round exit.
Trungelliti is the 190th-ranked Argentine who headed home to Barcelona after losing in qualifying at Roland Garros, then drew headlines for making the 10-hour, 650-mile (1,000-kilometre) drive back to Paris in a rental car with his 88-year-old grandmother, mother and brother once he found out he could get into the main draw.
He then won his first-round match.
But Trungelliti was beaten Wednesday by 72nd-ranked Marco Cecchinato of Italy 6-1, 7-6 (1), 6-1 in a match that lasted just under 2 hours.
Still, Trungelliti leaves with 79,000 euros (about $90,000) in prize money — and a great story to tell.
___
12:50 p.m.
Top-ranked Simona Halep put aside a terrible start and came back to claim 12 of the last 14 games, beating 83rd-ranked Alison Riske of the United States 2-6, 6-1, 6-1 to reach the second round of the French Open.
It was the last match of the tournament's opening round.
Halep, the runner-up at Roland Garros in 2014 and a year ago, played poorly in the first set, with only four winners and 16 unforced errors. But she had 16 winners and 12 unforced errors the rest of the way, while Riske made more and more mistakes.
___
12:30 p.m.
Two-time Wimbledon champion Petra Kvitova is through to the third round of the French Open, making light work of 91st-ranked Lara Arruabarrena of Spain in a 6-0, 6-4 win on Court 1.
The eighth-seeded Kvitova lost in the second round last year when she was coming back to the tour after a knife attack in her home in 2016 that left her needing surgery on her left hand, her playing hand.
The Czech player made the semifinals at Roland Garros in 2012.
___
12:20 p.m.
Simona Halep has turned things around in her first-round match at the French Open and is headed to a third set against 83rd-ranked Alison Riske of the United States.
After dropping the first set 6-2 at Court Philippe Chatrier, Halep grabbed 19 of the first 22 points en route to a 5-0 lead in the second, which she eventually took 6-1.
Halep, the runner-up at Roland Garros in 2014 and a year ago, cleaned up her game in the second set, with only five unforced errors after making 16 in the opener. Riske, meanwhile, had only two winners and 12 unforced errors in the second set.
___
12 p.m.
Top-seeded Simona Halep is in trouble in her weather-delayed first-round match at the French Open, losing the first set 6-2 to 83rd-ranked Alison Riske of the United States.
Riske raced to a 5-0 lead and then broke Halep again in the eighth game to take the set.
In their only previous meeting on clay, in Rome in 2015, Halep dropped only three games in a 6-3, 6-0 victory. But Riske is giving the Romanian a far tougher test this time.
___
11:20 a.m.
Play is underway on Day 4 of the French Open, with top-seeded Simona Halep facing 83rd-ranked Alison Riske of the United States in the last remaining match of the women's first round.
The encounter on Court Philippe-Chatrier was postponed from Tuesday amid gathering evening storms.
Halep, a two-time finalist at Roland Garros, needs to reach the semifinals or better this year to have a chance of holding onto her No. 1 ranking. She won both of her previous matches against Riske.
On the men's side, 2016 champion Novak Djokovic will face qualifier Jaume Munar of Spain in the second round.
The second-seeded players in both the men's and women's draws, Alexander Zverev and Caroline Wozniacki, will also be in action.
___
More AP tennis coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/apf-Tennis
By The Associated Press
