HONOLULU — Two people have died in a plane crash on Molokai, a Hawaiian island located between Oahu and Maui, fire officials said.
The plane crashed Sunday afternoon due to “unknown circumstances” while on its way to the Molokai Airport, Federal Aviation Administration spokesman Allen Kenitzer said.
The plane crashed about 4 miles (6 kilometres) west of the airport, Kenitzer said.
Officials were notified by the Molokai air traffic control tower that communication with the plane was lost.
Maui fire Chief Edward Taomoto said the plane, a Cessna 206, was too badly burned to identify, but crews were able to confirm that two people died at the scene.
“The aircraft burned up after impact,” Taomoto said. “I believe that police have secured the site and they've left the bodies at the scene for investigators.”
Crews reported low cloud ceilings and fog down to the road when they responded to the crash, Taomoto said.
“It was probably raining hard earlier because crews couldn't use the firetrucks to navigate the muddy roads, so they had to use the all-terrain vehicles in order to locate the wreckage site,” Taomoto said.
The Maui Fire Department, Federal Aviation Administration and National Transportation Safety Board are investigating the crash.
The crash is the fourth fatal air incident on or around the island in the past 14 months.
BRISBANE, Australia — Tim Puetz and late call-up Jan-Lennard Struff gave Germany a 2-1 lead over Australia in their first-round Davis Cup World Group match, beating Matt Ebden and John Peers 6-4, 6-7 (1), 6-2, 6-7 (4), 6-4 in doubles on Saturday.
Puetz and Struff broke the Australians' service in the seventh game of the fifth set, then saved two break points of their own in the eighth before Puetz served out the match to love two games later.
Struff replaced Peter Gojowczyk, who was originally scheduled to partner Puetz in Saturday's rubber.
On Friday, Alexander Zverev gave Germany a 1-0 lead with a 7-5, 4-6, 4-6, 6-3, 7-6 (4) win over Alex de Minaur before Nick Kyrgios levelled for Australia with a 6-4, 6-4, 6-4 win over Struff.
The reverse singles are scheduled for Sunday, with Kyrgios playing Zverev and di Minaur scheduled to take on Struff, although late changes could be made.
The winning country advances to the quarterfinals from April 6-8 against either Britain or Spain. The loser will contest September's World Cup playoffs.
Australia, looking to end a 15-year Davis Cup title drought, has reached the World Group semifinals twice in the past three years.
HOUSTON - Freedom Over Texas, Houston's annual Independence Day celebration, has been canceled.
However, officials said the fireworks that were scheduled to begin at 9:35 p.m. will go on as planned.
Officials said no one will be allowed into the festival grounds and crews are working to remove all of the equipment that has been set up ahead of the event.
Freedom Over Texas is one of the longest-running annual events that the city organizes.
"Thirty-one years now this event has been going on, and we've had a lot of rain," said Susan Christian, of the Mayor's Office of Special Events. "This is, unfortunately, the only time we've had to cancel at least most of the show."
People who have purchased tickets will receive a refund, but it may take a couple of weeks to complete the refunds, officials said.
Copyright 2018 by KPRC Click2Houston - All rights reserved.
A man living with epilepsy will tackle a Leeds triathlon to raise funds for people who suffer more severely from the condition than him.
Jamie Smith, 31, was diagnosed with the neurological disorder – which causes seizures – a decade ago, and says those who have a worse form of it can feel “imprisoned”.
The former Leeds Trinity University postgraduate journalism student, who now lives near Hull, is to take part in the ITU World Triathlon on Saturday, June 9. He is training to swim 750 metres, cycle 19 kilometres and run 7.5 kilometres for the Epilepsy Action charity.
Mr Smith said: “I've had epilepsy for 10 years and it has often left me feeling weak, drained and vulnerable.
“I'm very lucky to have a less extreme form of epilepsy, but those with some of the worst forms can be imprisoned by the disease and aren't able to live a normal life.
“Knowing how hard it is to live with fits, even occasionally, I can only imagine the suffering people who have many a day are going through.
“Epilepsy Action and any sponsorship you give, can really make a difference for these people and their families who can be helped to live relatively normal lives.”
According to the NHS, seizures are bursts of electrical activity in the brain that temporarily affect how it works.
They can cause a wide range of symptoms, such as uncontrollable jerking and shaking or losing awareness and staring blankly into space.
Epilepsy can start at any age, but usually begins either in childhood or in people over 60.
It is often life-long, but can sometimes get slowly better over time.
People who wish to donate to Mr Smith's fund can visit www.justgiving.com/fundraising/jamie-smith-triathlon
Irish LCC Ryanair is exercising options on 25 Boeing 737 MAX 200 aircraft, bringing its total firm orders for the type to 135. The first MAX is scheduled to arrive in the first half of 2019.
“These aircraft, which are valued at more than $3 billion at current list prices, increase Ryanair's total orders to more than 650 737's since first partnering with Boeing in 1994, and allow Ryanair to grow its traffic to 200 million customers per annum by 2024,” the fast-growing carrier said.
Ryanair placed an order for 100 737 MAX aircraft in 2014, with an option for 100 more.
The airline still has a further 75 options remaining from that order and will take delivery of the first of the aircraft in spring 2019, it said.
Ryanair operates an all-Boeing fleet with an average age of six-and-a-half years. The LCC said the new aircraft will reduce fuel consumption by up to 16% and noise emissions by 40%, while offering 4% or 8 more seats per flight (197 versus 189) than its 737-800NGs.
In June 2017, Ryanair also announced it was buying an additional 10 737 MAX 200s, five of which would be delivered in the first half of 2019 and the rest of which would be arriving in the first half of 2020.
Helen Massy-Beresford, helen.massy-beresford@aviationweek.co.uk
GIRARD, Ohio (WYTV) – Friday is National Wear Red Day, sponsored by the American Heart Association to raise awareness about the top killer of women.
People can have a heart attack at home, work or in a public place. They can die without receiving CPR immediately.
That's why the Gibson Agency in Girard had CPR training for its employees on Friday.
Employees learned hands-only CPR. It's an easier, simpler method than the full-blown CPR in which you pinch the person's nose, lean the head back and do-mouth-to-mouth breaths between chest compressions.
“Mouth-to-mouth is always better, but hands-only, the studies have shown people are more likely to take action if they know hands-only CPR,” said Brian Dushon, of the American Heart Association.
“It was a little challenging at first. It wasn't as easy as I thought it was going to be, but once you get the right spot, then you know exactly what you're doing,” said employee Julie Landis.
Only 46 percent of people who experience an out-of-hospital cardiac arrest get the immediate help they need before paramedics arrive.
Cardiovascular diseases kill nearly one woman every 80 seconds. A recent study found that women are less likely than men to get CPR from a bystander in public places and more likely to die.
Workers at the Gibson Agency also learned that there are two steps that can save a life: Call 911 first, and then push hard and fast.
“We can't wait five minutes for the ambulance to get there. We need to start intervention immediately,” Dushon said.
There's an 80 percent likelihood of survival if a person gets help in the first three to five minutes.
“I feel it's very beneficial for all of our employees to learn more about heart disease, how to prevent it and what to do in case of an emergency,” said Andrew Thompson, vice president of the Gibson Agency.
More than one in three women are living with some form of cardiovascular disease. Each year, about 55,000 more females than males have a stroke.
Go to www.heart.org/handsonlycpr to learn the steps of Hands-Only CPR. To find a CPR course or class near you, go to www.heart.org/cpr.
Heart disease and stroke may be prevented by understanding your family's health history and making simple lifestyle changes. You can control your risk factors by maintaining a healthy blood pressure and cholesterol, quitting smoking and exercising regularly.
Arsene Wenger confirms who will play in goal for Arsenal at Bayern Munich
We're at our press conference… So, who will start in goal for us in #FCBvAFC? The boss confirms it will be this man pic.twitter.com/ggU1fAPdjD — Arsenal FC (@Arsenal) February 14, 2017
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger has confirmed that David Ospina will be his goalkeeper for tomorrow evening's Champions League last-16 first leg at Bayern Munich.
Some media outlets have been reporting that Petr Cech would be “dropped” for the game following some indifferent performances of late in the Premier League. But that overlooks the fact that Wenger has generally favours Ospina for European competition. Indeed, the Colombia international started all six of this season's group stage games.
Wenger told reporters this evening that he will continue with that policy and that Ospina will be at the top of his teamsheet at the Allianz Arena on Wednesday night.
Ospina, aged 28, conceded six goals in the group stage. He has made 44 appearances in his two-and-a-half seasons with the Gunners to date, including 12 Champions League matches.
The New York City Ballet Board of Directors announced on Saturday the interim team that has been appointed to run the artistic side of the company during ballet master in chief Peter Martins' leave of absence. Martins requested a temporary leave from both NYCB and the School of American Ballet last Thursday while the company undergoes an internal investigation into the sexual harassment accusations aimed at him.
The four-person group is made up of members of the company's current artistic staff, led by ballet master and former principal dancer Jonathan Stafford. Joining Stafford are NYCB resident choreographer and soloist Justin Peck and ballet masters Craig Hall and Rebecca Krohn, both former dancers with the company. While the members of this group haven't had much leadership experience, their close familiarity with the company (Krohn left the stage for her new role just two months ago) should help to ease the dancers' transition.
The team will be responsible for the day-to-day artistic needs of the company including scheduling, casting and conducting rehearsals. While there's no word yet on the length of their tenure, we'll continue to keep you updated as the story surrounding Martins unfolds.
SASKATOON — Saskatchewan Roughriders' wide receiver Duron Carter has been charged with marijuana possession.
Court records and a release from the team indicate Carter was arrested and charged Thursday night at the Saskatoon airport.
Carter has been released from custody and is to make his first appearance in provincial court on March 27.
The Canadian Football League has declined comment.
On Nov. 25, Carter was arrested in Winnipeg and charged with possession of a controlled substance.
The 26-year-old athlete was named the Roughriders' most outstanding player for the 2016-17 CFL season and he signed a one-year extension with the team on Jan. 22.
“We can confirm there was an incident last night where Duron Carter was charged with marijuana possession,” the team said Friday in a statement.
“We are working to gather more information and continue to monitor the situation.” (CKOM)
SOUTH BEND, Ind.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 23, 2018--1st Source Corporation announces the election to its Board and to the 1st Source Bank Board of Melody Birmingham-Byrd, President of Duke Energy Indiana, and Lisa W. Hershman, Deputy Chief Management Officer, U.S. Department of Defense. Together, these new leaders bring years of experience and insight in business and operational management, engineering and talent development to 1st Source Corporation and 1st Source Bank. Both women have operational and financial experience in their respective areas of expertise. “We are pleased to add these two new Board Members who bring us greater diversity of thought and experience in operations, change management, energy production and distribution, and public outreach. Their backgrounds and experience will blend well with our already strong Board,” stated Chris Murphy, Chairman of 1st Source Bank.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005980/en/
Melody Birmingham-Byrd, President of Duke Energy Indiana, elected to Board of Directors for 1st Source Corporation. (Photo: Business Wire)
Melody Birmingham-Byrd has 24 years of leadership and managerial experience in the electric power generation and automotive manufacturing industries. She is experienced in managing construction, maintenance, operations, engineering, resource and project management as well as regulatory affairs, government relations and community affairs. Ms. Birmingham-Byrd currently serves on multiple boards of directors and advisory boards including the Indiana Electric Association, the Indiana Chamber of Commerce, Special Olympics Indiana, Central Indiana Corporate Partnership, The American Association of Blacks in Energy and the United Way of Indiana. She also serves on the Financial Research Institute advisory board of The Robert J. Trulaske, Sr. College of Business, University of Missouri. She has a B.S. in Organizational Leadership and Supervision from Purdue University, an M.B.A. from Strayer University, an Honorary Doctorate in Humane Letters from Saint Mary of the Woods College and graduated from the Advanced Management Program at Harvard University. “I am honored to join the board of directors of 1st Source Bank, an institution that has remained committed to its customers and communities for over 150 years. I look forward to helping the board and company leadership continue to build on its legacy and advance its mission,” Birmingham-Byrd commented.
Lisa W. Hershman has 31 years of leadership and management experience in consulting, turnarounds, business process management, operational management and engineering. On April 3, 2018 she was sworn in as the Deputy Chief Management Officer of the U.S. Department of Defense. She brings expertise in process management, innovation and redesign, managing mergers and acquisitions, and leadership training and education. Ms. Hershman currently serves on the Indiana Commission for Higher Education and previously served as the Chair of Avnet Inc.'s Executive Women's Forum, National Secretary of the Business and Professional Women's Organization, and as Commissioner on the Indiana Commission for Women. She has been a board member for the Center of Interactive Learning and Collaboration, the Consortium for Advanced Management International, and The Richard G. Lugar Excellence in Public Service Series. She also served on the Advisory Council for the Entrepreneurship Center of Miller College of Business at Ball State University. She has a B.S. in Industrial Distribution (Engineering and Management) from Clarkson University, an Executive Certificate in Innovation through IMD/MIT, and an Executive Certificate in Finance from Cornell University. “I am pleased to be joining the Board of a company so committed to the success of the communities it serves and ensuring that its people and the company are part of the social and economic fabric of each of its Indiana and Michigan communities,” Hershman added.
Mr. Murphy went on to say, “1st Source is pleased to have these strong leaders join its board of directors and know they will help the company deliver on its mission to help our clients achieve security, build wealth, and realize their dreams, giving them straight talk and sound advice keeping their best interests in mind for the long term.”
Both directors are being elected to terms that end April 2021 and will be subject to reelection at that time.
1st Source Corporation, parent company of 1st Source Bank, has assets of $6.05 billion and is the largest locally controlled financial institution headquartered in the northern Indiana-southwestern Michigan area. The Corporation includes 79 banking centers, 23 1st Source Bank Specialty Finance Group locations nationwide, eight Wealth Advisory Services locations and ten 1st Source Insurance offices. For more than 150 years, 1st Source has been committed to our mission of helping our clients achieve security, build wealth and realize their dreams. For more information, visit www.1stsource.com.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005980/en/
CONTACT: 1st Source Corporation
Sara Jenning, 574-235-2128
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA ILLINOIS INDIANA MICHIGAN
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: ENERGY UTILITIES OTHER ENERGY PROFESSIONAL SERVICES BANKING FINANCE INSURANCE DEFENSE OTHER DEFENSE
SOURCE: 1st Source Corporation
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/23/2018 11:45 AM/DISC: 04/23/2018 11:45 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005980/en
02:16 Reported News Briefs Nissan 4, 5778 , 20/03/18 Nissan 4, 5778 , 20/03/18 UN envoy: 'The State of Israel is here to stay' Read more UN envoy Nikolay Mladenov denounces anti-Semitism, says global body committed to fighting it. ► ◄ Last Briefs
NEW CASTLE, Pa. (WYTV) – While investigating a possible burglary of a vacant apartment on Friday in New Castle, police say they found a puppy locked inside a bedroom.
The department said they found the dog in a post on their Facebook page.
The department believes the puppy was locked in the room for an extended period of time because of its condition — it was malnourished and could not walk or sit up.
Officers say they took the dog back to the station where they gave the dog fluids and food. Within hours, the dog began attempting to walk and sat up.
The puppy was taken on Saturday morning to the Lawrence County Humane Society. Police said they hope to find a new home for the dog.
KNOXVILLE, Tenn. (AP) Derek Barnett outdid Reggie White in sacks at Tennessee. Yet the pros aren't sold on the Volunteers defensive end.
Barnett has heard his name mentioned in conjunction with Texas A&M's Myles Garrett throughout his three-year college career. They began their careers at the same time, played in the same conference and had similar production . Now that they're both ready for the NFL, Garrett is the likely No. 1 overall pick in this month's draft. Barnett probably won't get taken until later in the first round.
The problem for Barnett is a perceived lack of length and athleticism in comparison to the draft's other top pass rushers. Of course, that didn't stop him from overtaking White as Tennessee's all-time sacks leader . Barnett has a quick response whenever his so-so 40-yard dash time comes up.
”I think I'm pretty fast on the field,” Barnett said. ”I'm pretty confident in that.”
His college numbers back that up. Barnett is the first Southeastern Conference player to get at least 10 sacks in three separate seasons .
”He does not have elite burst, that explosiveness that you'd like to have in an edge rusher,” said Daniel Jeremiah, a former NFL scout who now works as a draft analyst for NFL Network. ”Some teams are more beholden to those numbers than others, so some teams aren't as high on him. But when you study the tape and watch him, I think he's one of the top 15 or so players in this draft class.”
Barnett's 33 career sacks broke a school record White owned since 1983. Barnett's 52 tackles for loss were one away from Leonard Little's school mark.
For comparison's sake, Garrett finished his Texas A&M career with 32 + sacks and 48 + tackles for loss. In SEC competition, Barnett had 29 sacks and Garrett had 12.
Barnett doesn't measure up as well in some other respects.
At the combine, Garrett ran the 40 in 4.64 seconds; Barnett's time was 4.88. Barnett followed that with a 4.89 at Tennessee's pro day . That helps explain why Garrett and other pass rushers such as Stanford's Solomon Thomas are expected to hear their names called before Barnett.
NFL Network analyst Charles Davis considers Barnett a ”likely first-round pick, probably middle of the first round on.”
”The reason he and Garrett don't match up in terms of what you look at in the NFL is that athletically, Derek Barnett is not going to be anywhere close to Myles Garrett,” Davis said. ”That's not his thing. That's not his game. He's not going to win a shorts and T-shirt battle. But he's quick off the football. He knows how to get to the passer. I think he's going to continue to add to his pass-rush skills as he goes along. No one's going to play harder every snap.”
Barnett was a defensive end in Tennessee's four-man front, but also says he could play outside linebacker in a 3-4 scheme. He measured in at 6-foot-2 7/8 inches and 264 pounds at Tennessee's pro day.
He's hoping teams will examine what he accomplished on the field rather than focusing on how fast he runs or how high he jumps.
”That's out of my control,” Barnett said. ”It's not like college where I get to pick where I want to go. I think I have three great years of film playing here (at Tennessee). I think I went through this training pretty good. Now it's up to the teams to make a decision.”
Other pass rushers have produced solid pro careers after facing similar questions.
”I was around Terrell Suggs a little bit with the Ravens, who's another guy that didn't test all that well,” said Jeremiah, a former Baltimore scout. ”But man, he was plenty fast enough when you got on the football field. I think you see some of those same things with Barnett. I don't think he's quite at that Suggs level, but I think he's definitely got a chance to be a double-digit sack guy at the next level.
”I'd be shocked if he's not off the board by the 20th pick.”
—
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP-NFL
—
Follow Steve Megargee at www.twitter.com/stevemegargee
A woman wearing a traditional costume holds Pope Francis' head on the occasion of his meeting with representatives of indigenous peoples attending a UN agricultural meeting in Rome, at the Vatican, Wednesday, Feb. 15, 2017. Francis has insisted that indigenous peoples must give prior consent for any economic activity on their ancestral lands — an indirect critique as the Donald Trump administration seeks to advance construction on a $3.8 billion oil pipeline over opposition from American Indians. (L'Osservatore Romano/Pool Photo via AP)
VATICAN CITY (AP) — Pope Francis insisted Wednesday that indigenous groups must give prior consent to any economic activity affecting their ancestral lands, a view that conflicts with the Trump administration, which is pushing to build a $3.8 billion oil pipeline over opposition from American Indians.
Francis met with representatives of indigenous peoples attending a U.N. agricultural meeting and said the key issue facing them is how to reconcile the right to economic development with protecting their cultures and territories.
"In this regard, the right to prior and informed consent should always prevail," he said. "Only then is it possible to guarantee peaceful cooperation between governing authorities and indigenous peoples, overcoming confrontation and conflict."
The Cheyenne River and the Standing Rock Sioux tribes have sued to stop construction on the final stretch of the Dakota Access pipeline, which would bring oil from North Dakota's rich Bakken fields across four states to a shipping point in Illinois.
The tribes say the pipeline threatens their drinking water, cultural sites and ability to practice their religion, which depends on pure water. The last piece of the pipeline is to pass under a reservoir on the Missouri River, which marks the eastern border of both tribes' reservations.
The company building the pipeline, Texas-based Energy Transfer Partners, has insisted the water supply will be safe.
Francis didn't cite the Dakota pipeline dispute by name and the Vatican press office said he was not making a direct reference to it. But history's first Latin American pope has been a consistent backer of indigenous rights and has frequently spoken out about the plight of Indians in resisting economic development that threatens their lands.
"For governments, this means recognizing that indigenous communities are a part of the population to be appreciated and consulted, and whose full participation should be promoted at the local and national level," Francis told the indigenous leaders Wednesday.
In the waning days of the Obama administration, amid protests over construction that led to some 700 arrests, federal agencies that have authority over the reservoir said they would not give permission for pipe to be laid until an environmental study was done.
U.S. President Donald Trump reversed course and last month instructed the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to proceed with building the pipeline.
Francis' reference to prior consent is enshrined in the U.N. Declaration on the rights of indigenous peoples, which was adopted by the U.N. General Assembly in 2007 over the opposition of the U.S., Canada, Australia and New Zealand.
Francis' strong backing for indigenous groups and refugees, his climate change concerns and criticism of the global economy's profit-at-all-cost mentality highlight the policy differences with the Trump administration that may come out if the U.S. president meets with Francis while in Italy for a G-7 summit in May. There has been no confirmation of any meeting to date, however.
___
AP writer Daniela Petroff contributed.
TOKYO — Popular Tokyo Gov. Yuriko Koike, a rumoured candidate in upcoming parliamentary elections, says she wants to influence national politics to speed up changes needed in Japan by starting them in her city.
Koike, who became Tokyo's first female leader last year and led her local party to a stunning victory in July city elections, has launched a new national party to challenge Prime Minister Shinzo Abe in the Oct. 22 parliamentary vote.
Koike told The Associated Press on Friday she wants to use her experience in Tokyo to encourage changes nationally, and is working with like-minded politicians to push for her goals. She says women's advancement and measures for Japan's aging and shrinking population have come too slowly under Abe.
She didn't make clear if she is seeking the prime ministership.
Lagos state arrests 3 secondary school students for smoking hemp and using codeine
…
The post Lagos state arrests 3 secondary school students for smoking hemp and using codeine appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
A suicide bomber blew up his explosives-laden vehicle Monday in a bustling market area in Baghdad, killing at least 22 people, Iraqi officials said, hours after the arrival of French President Francois Hollande to the country and amid a fierce fight against the Islamic State group.
The bomber driving a pickup truck attacked an outdoor fruit and vegetable market, day laborers and a police checkpoint in Baghdad's eastern Sadr City district, a police officer said. Up to 35 other people were wounded in that attack, he said, adding that the death toll was expected to rise.
Two medical officials confirmed the casualty figures. All officials spoke on condition of anonymity as they were not authorized to release information.
In an online statement, the Islamic State group claimed responsibility for the attack, saying it targeted Shiites. The Associated Press could not verify the authenticity of the statements, but they were posted on a militant website commonly used by the extremists. The group also claimed responsibility for Saturday's suicide attack in a central Baghdad market, which killed at least 28 people, and Sunday's suicide bombing at a checkpoint south of Baghdad that killed at least nine people.
Late last month, Iraqi authorities started removing some of the security checkpoints in Baghdad, mainly on its eastern side, in a bid to ease traffic for the capital's approximately 6 million residents.
During a press conference with Hollande, Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi said the bomber pretended to be a man seeking to hire day laborers; once the laborers gathered around, he detonated the vehicle. Al-Abadi warned that the “terrorists will further try to hit civilians to make up for the losses,” they have suffered on the battlefield.
“We are determined to annihilate terrorism and we are able to shorten its age,” he said, calling on security forces and civilians to remain vigilant.
Hollande, during his one-day visit, met with al-Abadi and President Fuad Masum. He was scheduled later to travel to the country's self-governing northern Kurdish region to meet French troops and local officials.
Iraqi troops, backed by a U.S.-led coalition, are fighting IS in a massive operation to retake the northern city of Mosul. Iraqi state TV said Hollande will discuss “increasing support to Iraq and the latest developments in the fight against Daesh,” the Arabic acronym for IS.
In quotes published by the Elysee official Twitter account, Hollande promised that France would remain a long-term ally of Iraq and called for coordination between intelligence services “in a spirit of great responsibility.”
France is part of the U.S.-led international coalition formed in late 2014 to fight IS after the extremist group seized large areas in Iraq and neighboring Syria and declared an Islamic “caliphate.” France has suffered multiple terrorist attacks claimed by IS.
Hollande, on Twitter, said Iraq was in a precarious position two years ago, when IS made its blitz. But now the tide has turned. “The results are there: Daesh is in retreat and the battle of Mosul is engaged.”
Since the Mosul operation started on Oct. 17, Iraqi forces have seized around a quarter of the city. Last week, the troops resumed fighting after a two-week lull due to stiff resistance by the militants, bad weather and thousands of civilians trapped in their houses.
In an interview with The Associated Press on Sunday, the senior U.S. military commander, Brig. Gen. Rick Uribe, praised the Iraqi forces fighting mainly on the eastern side of the city, saying they were “at their peak.” Uribe agreed with al-Abadi's assessment that it would take another three months to liberate Mosul.
He predicted the troops would face a different fight when they cross to the west bank of the Tigris River, saying it will mostly be a “dismounted” battle fought in part on narrow streets, some of which were not wide enough for a vehicle to pass.
Mosul, Iraq's second-largest city is located about 360 kilometers (225 miles) northwest of Baghdad. While the Syrian city of Raqqa is considered the caliphate's de facto capital, Mosul is the largest city under its control. It is the last major IS urban stronghold in Iraq.
FAAC disburses N647.4bn in March
The Federation Account Allocation Committee (FAAC) disbursed the sum of N647.4 billion to the three tiers of government in March 2018 from the revenue generated in February 2018, according to report from the National Bureau of Statistics (NBS) data. The amount disbursed comprised of N557.3billion from the Statutory Account, N89.5bn from Valued Added Tax (VAT)…
This content is for Standard & Premium Digital Subscribers only. Visit the site and log in/register to read.
The post FAAC disburses N647.4bn in March appeared first on BusinessDay : News you can trust.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from BusinessDay : News you can trust. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Yesterday was Valentine's day, and Salt thought it is a good idea to wander around the office asking his co-workers to share their bad dating stories.
Listen above to hear these awful dates!
Join the conversation! Share your opinion on this story with Karson & Kennedy on Facebook, Twitter & Instagram.
(KGTV) -- Investigators are sifting for clues Monday morning to determine the cause of house fire that quickly spread to a neighboring residence leaving 10 people homeless.
San Diego Fire Department crews responded just after midnight to reports of a structure fire at the home 3075 Polk Avenue in North Park. When crews arrived, they found the home engulfed in flames.
The blaze spread to a truck in the driveway and a home next door. It took firefighters less than half an hour to put out the fire, fire officials told 10News.
One dog died in the blaze, two cats in the home next door were rescued.
A total of 10 people between the two homes have been displaced, authorities said. One person taken to the hospital for smoke inhalation.
The Red Cross is working with the fire victims.
Investigators have not determined the cause of the fire, and they estimate about $305,000 in damages.
TORONTO — Through 185 minutes over two MLS Cup finals at BMO Field, Seattle Sounders goalkeeper Stefan Frei was not merely good, he was unfair.
Frei, the MVP in last year's Sounders win on penalties, was even better in Saturday's rematch. As Toronto FC swarmed Seattle and sent rocket after rocket on the Sounders net, Frei stood tall. And also dove and leapt, like some kind of wizard or ninja. A wizard-ninja-Jedi.
And then, the breakthrough.
Just as he pulled TFC through a tense second leg of the Eastern Conference final at BMO Field, striker Jozy Altidore finally beat Frei, and 30,000 fans erupted in a cheer that was half celebration and half blessed release. Off a deft team buildup through Victor Vazquez and then Sebastian Giovinco, Altidore was able to split the Seattle defence on a breakaway. Frei charged, and Altidore swerved left to power the ball past Frei's lunging form.
If every one goal in one game could feel like the validation of a franchise, this was it. The years of bumbling management and on-field collapses, the winless streaks and the coaching carousel, all of that had been mostly forgotten as TFC suddenly became good, and then just as suddenly became very good. If they weren't the model MLS team, they were at least one of them.
But two straight losses at home in the MLS Cup final would have left the most bitter of tastes after so much resurgence.
Instead, a goal and then another late one, and a title. Toronto FC, MLS Cup champions by a 2-0 score.
“Indescribable,” TFC captain Michael Bradley said when it was done. “Lifting this trophy has been an obsession.” He said the focus on redemption, on getting another crack, began the day after last year's crushing defeat.
Fans wait for the start of MLS Cup final between the Seattle Sounders and Toronto FC at BMO Field on Saturday, Dec. 9, 2017. Mark Blinch/The Canadian Press
Toronto FC's starting lineup. Mark Blinch/The Canadian Press
The Seattle Sounders starting 11. Vaughn Ridley/Getty Images
Sounders goalkeeper Stefan Frei kept his team in the game in the first half, making several acrobatic saves as Toronto FC dominated play. Frank Gunn/The Canadian Press
Seattle goalkeeper Stefan Frei makes another astounding save in the second half. Mark Blinch/The Canadian Press
Jozy Altidore powers a left-foot strike past Seattle goalkeeper Stefan Frei just before defender Joevin Jones arrives. Mark Blinch/The Canadian Press
Jozy Altidore releases more than an hour of tension by scoring as Stefan Frei and Joevin Jones look on. Nathan Denette/The Canadian Press
Toronto FC players are giddy after Victor Vazquez scores the second goal of the game in the 94th minute. Vaughn Ridley/Getty Images
Toronto FC fans celebrate after their team scores its second goal against Seattle. Chris Young/The Canadian Press
Sebastian Giovinco, left, Jozy Altidore celebrate when the final whistle sounds after Toronto FC's 2-0 victory. Craig Robertson/Postmedia Network
The moment of anticipation just before Michael Bradley lifts the MLS Cup over his head. Vaughn Ridley/Getty Images
Toronto FC is the first MLS team to win its domestic cup competition, the regular season title and the playoff championship in the same season. Vaughn Ridley/Getty Images
Confetti showers Michael Bradley and Toronto FC. Vaughn Ridley/Getty Images
U.S. national team members Jozy Altidore, left, and Michael Bradley with the MLS Cup. Craig Robertson/Postmedia Network
Toronto FC players drink from the MLS Cup in their dressing room. Ernest Doroszuk/Postmedia Network
Share Toronto FC wins 2017 MLS Cup final Tumblr Pinterest Google Plus Reddit LinkedIn Email
Through two-thirds of Saturday night, a repeat was looking like a distinct possibility, thanks almost entirely to Frei.
Toronto came out flying and outshot Seattle 8-0 in the first 25 minutes and by 12-1 in the first half. Six of those TFC shots were on target and perhaps one of the Frei saves was routine. A rocket from Marky Delgado, another one from Victor Vazquez five minutes later, a diving knuckleball from Bradley: time after time Frei was throwing a hand or limb in the way. The prospect of another scoreless draw loomed like a spectre. The night was dark and there are many terrors.
But Altidore's breakthrough gave the sellout house a new kind of uncomfortable: they had to sweat through nearly 30 minutes on a chilly night while Seattle pressed for the equalizer. There were tense moments in there, but the Sounders opened themselves up to counter-attacks, and Vazquez steered home an ugly clincher in injury time. Considering all the brilliant attempts that Frei had foiled, it was weirdly appropriate.
“That was the first time I took a deep breath,” head coach Greg Vanney said. He said he looked up to the sky when it happened; his mother died this past year.
The fact that Toronto FC was even playing in the MLS title game for the second straight year remained one of the biggest turnaround stories in recent memory. Or even in long-term memory.
As the throngs of red-clad TFC supporters made their way from the parking lots and the train station and the nearby hipster enclave, it was the scene of a model MLS franchise: a large and passionate fan base loudly and proudly supporting their team through a record-breaking season to its final game.
But for its first eight years, other than the large and passionate fan base, the team was an utter train wreck. To consider the names of TFC's relatively recent past is to recite a list of either hilarious managerial failures or players who arrived with great promise but could not influence a franchise that seemed cosmically determined to trip over its own shoelaces, from Amado Guevara to Torsten Frings and Danny Koevermans to Jermain Defoe.
If you needed a team to collapse at the end of a game, or at the end of a season, TFC was a safe bet. It was like the impressive loyalty of the tortured fan base was working against them: the more one believed in this team, despite the evidence, the more it was likely to crush one's hopes.
All that, quite obviously, changed three seasons ago. The arrival of Michael Bradley, then Altidore and Giovinco days apart and, this past offseason, Vazquez. All of it working under general manager Tim Bezbatchenko and coach Greg Vanney, who was a steady presence for a franchise that had so few of them in that role.
And now, finally, the title. The MLS Cup is the latest trophy to go in the purpose-built case in their training facility. The players seemed genuinely thrilled to be sharing this title with their fans.
“These people have suffered for a long time,” Altidore said. “This night was for them.”
Bradley said the local reaction after last year's loss was part of the fuel for the year-long obsession.
“To see the way they treated us, and they wrapped their arms around us,” he said. “We wanted to win regardless, but we wanted it so much more after that.”
Bradley normally has a lot to say, but asked what he felt on the field when the win was finally in the books, he struggled to find the words. The pauses were long, the thoughts genuine: “Surreal,” he said.
It was also an exceedingly dominant performance. Toronto had 64 per cent of the possession in the first half, and all those shots. They finished with 22 to Seattle's seven, and put 11 of them on net, while the Sounders managed just two.
“When Jozy scored, I knew that was it,” Bradley said.
Toronto FC, confident that they would avoid the collapse? Imagine that.
Even out in the open, trout are remarkably adept at hiding their presence. The muted colors and speckles of their backs are beautiful out of the water.
MANCHESTER, England — Surely nothing can stop Manchester City now.
The race for the Premier League title is turning into a procession after City beat fierce rival Manchester United 2-1 on Sunday, extending its lead to 11 points in a record-breaking start to the season.
This 14th straight victory for City is a record run in a single top-flight season. No team has ever had this many points — 46 — after 16 games in the Premier League. To put City's form into context, 46 points would have secured eighth place in the league last season.
It's only early December.
Pep Guardiola's team is doing it in style, too. Having already beaten Liverpool 5-0 and overwhelmed Chelsea in a 1-0 win at Stamford Bridge, City came to Old Trafford to play the other member of the current top four and had 65 per cent possession and almost twice the number of shots.
For most of the first half and in the final stages of the second half, United was overrun in a stadium where it hadn't lost in any competition since September 2016 — against City, 41 home games ago.
Given its eye-catching style of play, the irony was that City's two goals couldn't have been scrappier. Both came from defensive mistakes from United striker Romelu Lukaku at set pieces, with David Silva (in the 43rd) and Nicolas Otamendi (in the 54th) the gleeful recipients with close-range finishes.
Marcus Rashford equalized in first-half injury time, also benefiting from a defensive mistake from Otamendi, and United manager Jose Mourinho was left to bemoan the failure of Michael Oliver to award a penalty for what he thought was a trip by Otamendi on Ander Herrera. Instead, Herrera was booked for simulation.
“We can speak about anything you want,” Mourinho said, “bring any football theory, bring any stats, ball possession, you can bring anything you want. But like last season, there is a huge penalty (not awarded) in a crucial moment of the game.”
Guardiola, unsurprisingly, saw it differently.
“We won,” Guardiola said, “because we were better.”
And in a nod to his critics, Guardiola added: “I am happy because so many people say you cannot win in England playing like this.”
In the other neighbourly rivalry on derby day in the Premier League, Wayne Rooney converted a penalty to earn Everton a 1-1 draw at Merseyside rival Liverpool. Arsenal scored in the 88th minute to salvage a 1-1 draw at Southampton in the day's other game.
Both fourth-place Liverpool and fifth-place Arsenal can only realistically think about second place now, which says a lot considering the Premier League hasn't even reached the busy festive period yet.
That is the standard being set by City.
——
DERBY TWIST
Set pieces were supposed to be United's strength and City's weakness. So even Guardiola accepted the peculiarity of City's goals coming from that route.
For Silva's opener, Lukaku was tussling with Otamendi at a corner and only succeeded in deflecting Kevin De Bruyne's inswinging delivery right into the path of Silva to dispatch from inside the six-yard box.
Rashford equalized after Otamendi failed to deal with Marcos Rojo's long ball forward and ended up flicking a header into the path of the United striker.
Otamendi made amends — but again Lukaku was at fault. His attempted clearance from Silva's free kick struck the back of teammate Chris Smalling and fell to Otamendi, who slammed the loose ball home.
City was grateful to goalkeeper Ederson Moraes for producing a brilliant double save, off Lukaku then Juan Mata, in the 84th minute to preserve its lead and win 2-1 at Old Trafford in the league for a second straight season.
——
COSTLY PUSH
An innocuous push by Dejan Lovren cost Liverpool dear in a Merseyside derby that it had dominated.
The centre back gave Dominic Calvert-Lewin a nudge in the back when Everton's striker was heading away from goal and Rooney converted the penalty after lots of complaints from Liverpool's players.
Liverpool took the lead through Mohamed Salah's league-high 13th goal of the season and had chances to wrap up the win before Lovren's mistake.
Everton still hasn't won at Anfield since 1999, but remained unbeaten in three matches under new manager Sam Allardyce.
——
SUPER SUB
Olivier Giroud made the difference off the bench again for Arsenal.
The France striker scored an 88th-minute equalizer for his 17th goal as a substitute in the Premier League. That matches a record he holds with former Manchester United striker Ole Gunnar Solskjaer.
Giroud, on as a 72nd-minute replacement, glanced home Alexis Sanchez's left-wing cross as Arsenal's late pressure told at St. Mary's Stadium. Charlie Austin gave Southampton the lead in the third minute.
——
Steve Douglas is at http://www.twitter.com/sdouglas80
With Microsoft tools such as the Microsoft Deployment Toolkit (MDT) and the User State Migration Tool (USMT), IT professionals can automate desktop and server deployments and highly customize their migration experience. MDT supports different deployment processes, such as ZTI, LTI and UDI, and you can use it to either develop reference images or deploy solutions on a client computer.
In this article, we'll go into more depth about reference images, and learn how to implement them using MDT or USMT.
Reference images
Reference images are important, as they are the foundation for devices in your organization. They may be used to save time while developing business software and/or company apps, software packages, drivers (provided the organization has a homogeneous environment in the hardware) and third-party software. Or if necessary you can create reference images according to the area or Total models of computer equipment in the organization. Creating a reference image consists of making a Custom Operating System image, and adding special features, programs, and applications, such as:
Packages and drivers
Applications such as Microsoft Office 2010, Google Chrome, Firefox, Chocolatey, VLC, Adobe Reader and Winrar
Read the entire article here, Deploy Windows 10 In Your Organization With MDT – Microsoft MVP Award Program Blog
via the fine folks at Microsoft
NICHOLAS W. ALLARD, BROOKLYN
The writer is the president and dean of Brooklyn Law School.
To the Editor:
At last we see a shift in some Republican politicians who now feel free to openly protest President Trump's attacks on Robert S. Mueller III, the special counsel. Why now?
The answer lies in last week's election results in the 18th Congressional District of Pennsylvania (I live about two miles from this district). A Republican loss in this district, where Mr. Trump had a nearly 20-point victory margin in the 2016 election and where he campaigned recently, has convinced at least some Republican politicians that Mr. Trump cannot deliver the Republican base now and will not be able to do so in November.
In other words, Republicans have finally realized that they don't need Donald Trump.
Most of the rest of us realized this a long time ago. Could it be that the Republican establishment is starting to veer toward sanity?
ZVI J. DORON, PITTSBURGH
To the Editor:
Regarding your headline that President Trump's anger is rising, it seems to me that his latest tweet storm is a result of fear, not anger. Apparently the Mueller team is getting too close to the truth for the president's comfort.
NECHAMA KAHAN, LAKEWOOD, N.J.
To the Editor:
I am a Democrat. The present is an extraordinarily difficult time to be fair-minded. This is a goal to which I aspire and at which I am failing miserably.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
My sincere question is, Cannot Robert S. Mueller III, the special counsel, make an interim statement that might (or might not) help the millions of us here and around the world who wake up anxious every day because of the way Donald Trump and the Republican Party are running roughshod over the rule of law and the Constitution of the United States?
LOUISE GREENBERG
BEVERLY HILLS, CALIF.
To the Editor:
Re “Don't Run From Trump” (Sunday Review, March 18):
Jeff Roe calls for an embrace of President Trump. Satire? No! So let's see.
Embrace the misogyny? Embrace the mockery of the disabled or Gold Star families? Embrace the bullying, serial lying and his cabinet's abuse of public funds? Embrace his faux support and then cowardly retreat from the Dreamers and gun-control legislation?
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Or support his deregulation of Wall Street practices and actions by the Environmental Protection Agency and the Interior Department that put profits over people?
Mr. Roe cites the benefits of the tax cuts, but does not consider deficits, once Republican dogma. Nor are the consequences of the tax cuts mentioned, like cuts in social services and aid to the poor.
The yo-yoing on tariffs, and the discredited claim that the wealthy and corporations will trickle down their newfound wealth to the middle class: We have seen how all that has gone before.
Mr. Roe argues for a Faustian bargain, an embrace of specious ends justifying morally repugnant means.
JONATHAN SHUTMAN, OCEAN, N.J.
Diego Simeone pointed to an impressive recent run of results in response to fresh questions over Atletico Madrid's playing style.
Atleti were restricted to just 26.1 per cent of possession - their lowest for the season in all competitions - in winning 1-0 at an out-of-form Real Betis on Sunday.
Saul Niguez scored with one of the visitors' two shots on target to sew up a third consecutive LaLiga victory and extend their top-flight unbeaten run to a club-record 19 matches.
And with his side back into third ahead of rivals Real Madrid, Simeone was unconcerned by the manner of the performance.
"The football is good and the results are better again," Simeone said at his post-match press conference.
0 - Atlético de Madrid have never lost in all competitions without Antoine Griezmann on the pitch since the Frenchman arrived to Madrid in the summer of 2014 (8W 8D). Team pic.twitter.com/M5mqI7G7RQ — OptaJose (@OptaJose) December 10, 2017
"We like to continue with this way of playing against Real Madrid or in London. Today, Betis forced us to find a few ways of playing.
"Our players allow us to have tactical variety and that is where the strength of the team lies."
Despite closing, at least temporarily, to within three points of leaders Barcelona, who face Villarreal later on Sunday, Simeone was hesitant to stoke talk of a title challenge.
"We won't stray from taking it game by game. To reach our objectives, we have to continue [on this path] daily," he said.
Dumped out of the Champions League in midweek, Atleti's next assignment is a visit from Deportivo Alaves next Saturday.
OTTAWA — Global Affairs says Canada is adding more Venezuelans to its sanctions list.
Another 14 individuals have been added to the list of people who Canada says are among those responsible for the deterioration of democracy in that country under the regime of Nicolas Maduro.
The sanctions essentially prohibit Canadians from doing business with people or entities on the list.
It's the latest in a series of Canadian moves against the Maduro government.
Earlier this month, Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland dismissed the latest elections in Venezuela as illegitimate and anti-democratic.
On Tuesday, a three-member panel of experts, including Canadian Irwin Cotler, told the Organization of American States that officials in Maduro's administration have committed crimes against humanity.
Canada has already limited diplomatic contacts with Venezuela and told its representatives to avoid international or multilateral meetings and events hosted by or in Venezuela.
Freeland said the latest sanctions underline Canada's commitment to democracy and its rejection of the "fraudulent" presidential elections.
"Canada is as determined as ever to support the people of Venezuela as they seek a more peaceful, democratic and prosperous future," she said in a statement.
Under Maduro, the Venezuelan economy has all but collapsed, inflation is running wild and hundreds of thousands of people have fled the country.
The man who was arrested after allegedly crashing his vehicle into a power pole and fleeing the scene had his first day in court on April 11.
Michael Turner, 29, didn't appear at Whitecourt Provincial Court himself, but was represented by a court worker from Native Counselling Services of Alberta.
Judge Vaughn Myers accepted the court worker's request to adjourn the matter until May 9 to give Turner enough time to hear back from Legal Aid.
“He hasn't found out if he's eligible,” Turner's representative said.
Turner faces one count each of dangerous driving and failure to stop at the scene of an accident, as well as an additional charge of failure to appear in court.
At the time of his arrest, police said Turner's erratic driving was the result of prescription medication he was taking.
Witnesses followed him away from the scene of the crime on 55 Ave. and reported his whereabouts to the police.
Drug bust suspect wants new lawyer
One of two co-accused in a large cocaine and methamphetamine bust last summer made a brief court appearance on April 11.
Tyler Kaurin, who's accused with Danica Grieves-Pollard, appeared in custody without handcuffs at Whitecourt Provincial Court.
Judge Vaughn Myers agreed to defence lawyer Crystal McMahon's request to withdraw as counsel for the accused.
“He's looking for a second opinion on the file,” said McMahon.
Myers gave Kaurin until May 9 to find a new lawyer, when the suspect is slated to appear via CCTV.
Kaurin faces two charges of trafficking, two charges of possession for the purposes of trafficking, one charge of producing a controlled substance and one count of possessing stolen property.
He was arrested with Grieves-Pollard on Aug. 25, 2016, after the Whitecourt RCMP found 88.4 grams of cocaine and 81.8 grams of methamphetamine in a River Valley Estates residence.
The police also seized cash and a car they said was used for selling drugs.
jappel@postmedia.com
Twitter: @jerapp3
KGTV - A video appearing to show the arrest of an undocumented immigrant is making rounds on the internet.
The incident was livestreamed on Facebook by Ryan McAdams, who says he was out with Watkins Bail Bonds on Sunday when they were called to collect a client they had bonded out for a DUI charge.
“A relative of the individual in the video called the bond office that the individual didn't have his papers in order and he was looking to abscond,” said McAdams “and go back south over the border.”
McAdams adds that what he recorded and posted to Facebook is a legit operation.
However, some like Chicano activist Alexis Del Castillo says the video is tasteless and shows the exploitation of an immigrant.
“He didn't just bully him he is like tormented him in front of everyone,” said Del Castillo, “I think it takes someone really despicable to do that sort of thing.”
McAdams says he knows some people see it a certain way, but he just wants people to understand the reality others have to deal with.
“He was in there for a DUI arrest and he was going to flee on that leaving a company $5,000 dollars behind,” said McAdams, “Everyone is held up to the same laws.”
[SPOILER ALERT: This article contains information about the most recent episode of “Girls.”]
“Girls” came to an end Sunday night on HBO, and fans took to social media to chime in on the final episode of the series.
The television show, which was created by and starred Lena Dunham, concluded her character, new mom Hannah Horvath, leaving behind Brooklyn to head to upstate New York to become a professor of Internet writing.
LENA DUNHAM DEFENDS TAYLOR SWIFT'S SILENCE
Hannah's friend Marnie (Allison Williams) meanwhile, is living in her mother's home gym and offers to move upstate with Hannah to help raise Hannah's son Grover. Marnie and Hannah bicker like co-parents and the new mother deals with the frustration of being unable to breastfeed her son. Hannah's mother also comes into the picture, and the women hash it out.
Hannah then takes a long walk, and when she finally arrives home, she attends to her son Grover, who finally latches. The show then comes to an end.
FOLLOW US ON FACEBOOK FOR MORE ENTERTAINMENT NEWS
Some viewers immediately tweeted their disappointment online, hinting the ending felt incomplete.
Well, #GirlsHBO ended with a whimper, not a bang. It just goes to show that new babies always, always ruin TV shows. — Nicholas Kaufmann (@TheKaufmann) April 17, 2017
Also congrats to Seinfeld because now you no longer officially have the worst series finale in history #GirlsHBO — Alexander Tucciarone (@TucciTellsIt) April 17, 2017
I slept on it and…The #GirlsHBO finale must've been a backdoor pilot episode to another project. It's the only explanation I can think of — σρнєℓια ¢σχ 💫 (@MsHeavyDutyQT) April 17, 2017
Once again a woman's happy ending comes from having a child. I thought #GirlsHBO would be different. I was wrong. #childfree 🙄 — Jessie (@JessieJmoney) April 17, 2017
The #GirlsHBO finale: wanna hear a baby cry for 20 minutes and have nothing interesting happen? This one's for you! — Kristin T. (@lolkristin) April 17, 2017
I'm going to be lowkey worried about Grover for the rest of my life. #GirlsHBO — Emily Davis (@emdavis3) April 17, 2017
Now give us the Elijah spinoff everyone wants. #GirlsHBO — Steve King (@steveking_) April 17, 2017
However some “Girls” fans were satisfied with the ambiguous ending.
Last week was the finale people wanted. Tonight was the epilogue the characters needed. I LOVED both. #GirlsHBO — Katie McCauley (@katiemccauley_) April 17, 2017
6years of showing young women learning, growing, laughing, making mistakes and raising each other. Thank you. @lenadunham. #GirlsHBO — NY_Logorrhea (@NY_Logorrhea) April 10, 2017
This episode made me realise that all good things come to an end, but you still have happy memories that made you who you are. #GirlsHBO — tulip (@chodofaggins) April 10, 2017
Why it matters to you Although some of its delivery-drone ideas may seem a bit wacky, they show Amazon's determination to explore all facets of the platform in order to make it a reality.
Amazon has been working on the design of its delivery drone for several years now as it continues its bid to launch a regular service for customers living close to its fulfillment centers.
At the end of last year the company trumpeted the completion of its very first drone delivery in the U.K.. This was a significant milestone, for sure, though strict regulations — similar to those in the U.S. — mean the service is currently limited to only a few customers and is unlikely to be rolled out more widely anytime soon.
One of the challenges continuing to occupy engineers is how to drop off the packages safely. The current design of Amazon's Prime Air delivery drone sees it landing on the ground and automatically plopping out the ordered item from a compartment. However, in urban areas, with their myriad of obstacles, such a delivery method may prove more difficult, and could also expose the flying machine to additional risks such as excited pets or even ne'er-do-wells looking to intercept deliveries as the drone nears its destination.
Amazon's drone team has evidently been exploring different ways of dropping off ordered goods, with a recently granted patent focusing on landing guidance systems such as parachutes, compressed air, and landing flaps. Put simply, the drone would assess the landing site from up high before releasing the package from the optimum position. With the package headed presumably for someone's yard, the drone would monitor its descent. If a sudden breeze kicked up, the drone could send a signal to technology on the package to deploy one of the aforementioned systems in order to steady the consignment, or steer it to its precise landing point if it begins to veer off course.
With all the extra kit involved, it sounds like a costly solution, though the concept may ultimately lead to a refined, more efficient method along similar lines. Yes, this is just a patent, so it's far from certain that Amazon will be parachuting products into people's yards anytime soon. Or possibly ever.
More: Drones are now delivering pizza to paying customers in New Zealand
It should be noted that Amazon has patented a range of ideas for its drone technology, some wackier than others. One idea is to turn church steeples and the top of street lights into docking stations so the machine can recharge and therefore fly greater distances to customer addresses, while another proposed a seemingly off-the-wall idea involving an “airborne fulfillment center” — effectively a flying warehouse suspended from a blimp — that its drones could also use as a base.
Cubs 2017 NLDS Roster Is Set
Chicago Cubs vs. Washington Nationals
#FlyTheW(Photo via Chicago Cubs Twitter)
The roster has been officially announced for the 2017 NLDS versus the Washington Nationals.
Per Chicago Cubs:
Position Players(14)
2-Tommy LaStella, INF
5-Albert Almora, Jr. OF
8-Ian Happ, INF
9-Javier Baez, INF
12-Kyle Schwarber, OF
13-Alex Avila, C
17-Kris Bryant, INF
18-Ben Zobrist, INF
22-Jason Heyward, OF
24-Leonys Martin, OF
27-Addison Russell, INF
30-Jon Jay, OF
40-Willson Contreras, C
44-Anthony Rizzo, INF
Pitchers(11)
6-Carl Edwards, Jr., RHP
28-Kyle Hendricks, RHP
32-Brian Duensing, LHP
34-Jon Lester, LHP
37-Justin Wilson, LHP
38-Mike Montgomery, LHP
41-John Lackey, RHP
46-Pedro Strop, RHP
49-Jake Arrieta, RHP
62-Jose Quintana, LHP
71-Wade Davis, RHP
Doug Preszler is the type of person who can be a Cubs fan and an Iowa fan while living in South Dakota. He is a man who cares not for regional loyalty. He can be found on Twitter here, telling tales of the Dakotan Cubs fan's existence.
PARIS — A digital gallery in Paris is making art an immersive experience for visitors who can walk into and over paintings projected around a warehouse.
The Atelier des Lumieres, or Studio of Lights, opened this month with an inaugural exhibit featuring Austrian painter Gustav Klimt's work not hanging on walls, but lighting up floors, ceilings and walls in a colorful, 35-minute moving sequence.
Gallery director Michael Couzigou says: “We use photos scanned in high definition to make this digital exhibition a universe of music and sound.”
The show, set to classical music, attracted 60,000 visitors in its first 10 days.
Organizers say the gallery is the biggest of its kind in the world. It has 140 fixed video projectors installed across the 3,300-square-meter (35,521-square-foot) space.
(Terry Flores/Kenosha News via AP). Emergency response vehicles gather at Great Lakes Dragaway on Sunday, Aug. 13, 2017, near Union Grove, Wis. Three men were shot and killed during an auto racing event at the facility, a Wisconsin sheriff said. Kenosh...
UNION GROVE, Wis. (AP) - Three men were shot at point-blank range during an auto racing event in southeastern Wisconsin, but no suspects have been arrested in the killings, a sheriff said.
Kenosha County Sheriff David Beth said authorities responded to the Great Lakes Dragaway in Union Grove around 7 p.m. Sunday after receiving reports that shots had been fired.
A man shot the three at point-blank range near a food vendor, Beth said at a news conference Sunday night. No suspects have been arrested and no one else was injured.
"They have no idea what happened, what caused this," the sheriff said after getting a statement from friends of the victims.
Two of the men died at the scene and the third died while being transported to a hospital. Beth said at least two of the men were from Aurora, Illinois.
The sheriff's office estimated that more than 5,000 people were at the raceway for an event known as "Larry's Fun Fest." The track's website shows the event included drag racing, tailgating, live entertainment and a car show.
Union Grove is about 25 miles (40 kilometers) south of Milwaukee.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
You may or may not have heard, but lenses do more than just change the perspective of the scene you are looking at through your camera. That distortion and change in perspective also affects how a viewer will perceive the face of someone that you are taking an image of. This is true for selfies and it is true for regular portraits.
So what is the optimal distance for a lens to a subject to still maintain proper-looking faces and features? Well, that answer really depends on the lens, but a recent video by Koldunov Brothers over on YouTube demonstrates and analyzes this issue.
It's called perspective distortion, and as you can clearly see in the demonstration of the video, it has a real effect on how you perceive the face of the subject in the images. Interestingly, this same concept is how Peter Jackson shot a lot of the the hobbit scenes in the original Lord of the Rings Trilogy.
More: High-end for high-res: Rokinon launches a new prime lens line for Canons
In this video by the Koldunov Brothers, their first example shows the two brothers standing at different differences from each other. The camera takes a shot and then is moved back. In the first image, the brother standing closest to the camera looks tall and the brother in the rear looks much shorter. However, in the second shot after the camera is moved the brothers look much closer in size, and with more realistic proportions overall.
Later in the video, we see closeups on one brother's face, with the camera slowly moved back after each shot. When played back you can actually see the effects of the distortion change as the camera gets farther and farther away from the subject's face. The demonstration is quite eye opening.
So next time you flip that phone out for a selfie, hold it at arm's length so you don't distort your face.
Folks around the NBA call DeMarcus Cousins “Boogie,” but the Golden State Warriors' latest All-Star doesn't scare LaVar Ball. During his latest turn on CNN on Tuesday, the Big Baller Brand CEO suggested the Los Angeles Lakers, with Lonzo Ball and LeBron James, have the answer to beating the two-time defending champs.
“Man, I don't think the Lakers can beat them,” LaVar said. “I know the Lakers can beat them if they get the right guys.”
That seemed like the perfect time for the Ballfather to reiterate his plan to place LiAngelo Ball and LaMelo Ball in Purple and Gold. Yet, he didn't mention his younger sons—not by name, anyway.
“You need more guys,” he said. “Got to play fast, got to play super fast.”
That may be the first time the Big Baller has passed on an opportunity to speak Gelo and Melo's future with Zo into existence.
According to NBA.com, the Lakers played at the third-fastest pace in the league in 2017-18—0.77 possessions ahead of fifth-place Golden State. That could slow some with half-court specialists like LeBron and Rajon Rondo in tow.
That said, there should still be ample opportunity for Lonzo to fuel L.A.'s fastbreaks with rebounds, forced turnovers and long outlet passes.
Related LaVar Ball is not impressed by Warriors signing DeMarcus Cousins
The Carolina Panthers 2016 season came to a merciful end with a 17-16 loss to the divisional foe Tampa Bay Buccaneers on Sunday afternoon.
The Carolina Panthers miserable 2016 season ended exactly as it started on Sunday; with a one-point defeat. This time around though, things were a lot less sharp with hope a lot more bleak as they fell 17-16 to the Tampa Bay Buccaneers.
The team gave up a field goal after deferring the coin toss and then marched right down the field, in a very 2015 Panthers fashion, to score and go up 7-3. After that drive there weren't many positives to be had as offensively the team jumped right back to their 2016 form and defensively could only do so much for so long.
Of course, they did manage to make it interesting as they scored a touchdown to bring them within one with 17 seconds left and decided to go for two and the win. On that play though, Greg Olsen slipped on his route and Cam Newton's pass fell incomplete to give Carolina a 6-10 record on the year.
With plenty to take away from this game and the season as a whole, here are your Week 17 quick hits:
As has been mentioned and reiterated each week over the course of this season, the Panthers performance has been a dreadful one. The offense was about as inconsistent as More from Cat Crave they come with 2015 MVP Newton looking awful on many occasions while the defense started out miserably and still has work to do in pass coverage. This game was no different. Outside of maybe two or three throws, Newton was bad completing just 56% of his passes while throwing three picks and at least two more that should have been intercepted. Defensively, the team played well giving up just 300 yards of total offense, but allowed the Buccaneers to march down the field on too many occasions, letting too many receivers run free. On special teams, kicker Graham Gano, albeit with a broken bone in his plant foot, missed three field goals on the day.
One of very few positives to take away from this game was the play of the Panthers younger, seldom used players. Second-year linebacker David Mayo did his best Luke Kuechly impersonation. Flying around defensively recording seven tackles while fellow linebacker Shaq Thompson continued his progress with another nice outing. Rookie corner James Bradberry corralled his second pick of the season and even fan favorite receiver Damiere Byrd got in on the action catching his lone target for a big 16-yard gain across the middle of the field and returning a kickoff for 31-yards.
In-season draft talk is inevitable with teams on the outside looking in on the playoff picture and with Carolina that was certainly the case. With today's outcome and the team's 6-10 record the Panthers will select eighth in next year's NFL draft. For the first time since 2012 the team has a top-10 selection, when they selected Kuechly with the ninth overall pick.
This article originally appeared on
The deadline to file taxes this year is April 18, and even though 70% of Americans are expected to receive a refund according to the IRS, many will still miss the cutoff date.
Continue Reading Below
Last year 111 million refunds were issued, with an average payout of $2,860. For those who are going to miss the deadline – don't panic – but be prepared to act quickly.
Here is what you need to know if you are not prepared to file and pay your taxes by Tuesday.
File an Extension:
The best thing you can do if you know you are going to miss the deadline? File for an extension.
“File Form 4868 to extend the time for filing return. The extension could be effective for filing as late as October 16,” Ted Kurlowicz, professor of taxation at The American College of Financial Services, told FOX Business.
Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT
There are a variety of reasons people might need to file an extension, whether they don't have all their sources of income and expenses identified or they need assistance, Tim Speiss, partner at EisnerAmper Wealth Planning LLC, told FOX Business. However, filing for an extension does not mean you also extend the timeline to pay your taxes.
“To have a valid extension generally—you need to pay in 90% of the tax due at the time of the filing, so in that case by April 18. If you can't do that, pay in as much as you possibly can to avoid further potential late-filing and interest charges,” Speiss said.
So filing a 4868 form with payment, which can be done online, will keep you in the IRS' good graces for the time being.
File and Pay as Soon as Possible
Generally people who miss the deadline either ran out of time or didn't have the money, Kurlowicz said.
“You should do the least harm and file as soon as possible and pay the tax as soon as possible,” he said.
If you file and pay late you are most likely going to have to pay a price. A penalty is issued first for filing late. This is 5% of the amount of unpaid taxes each month, up to a maximum of 25%. The penalty for paying late is 0.5% of the amount you owe each month up to a maximum of 25%. If both penalties are due in the same month, the failure to file penalty is reduced to 0.5%.
“The late filing penalty could actually be higher than the late tax payment penalty so you should file as soon as possible to do the least harm your personal finances,” Kurlowicz said.
The IRS will not forget about your dues, so make sure you address them promptly.
More from FOXBusiness.com…
Be Proactive
“If a person is late with filing and late paying taxes, if they're diligent and proactive with the tax authorities, that's the best way to position yourself for best possible outcome,” Speiss said.
If you have suffered a recent hardship, the IRS also may be receptive to your circumstances.
“You could negotiate penalties and interest, not usually the tax, but with a hardship you might be able to negotiate a tax settlement,” Speiss said.
There is a valid excuse for filing and paying late: being outside the country. In that case the deadline will be extended until June 15, Kurlowicz pointed out.
Ask for Help
If you are unsure of what to do or how to handle your financial situation, consult or request help from a qualified professional.
“It's a very stressful experience for many people,” Speiss said. “If you're in a situation where you don't think you can meet the filing deadline requirement … it's always best to go out and hire competent tax advisors to assist you.”
Mrs. Marianne Barfield, 83, of Alabaster, (formerly of Opp) died Wednesday, Feb. 1, 2017 in Alabaster.
Many knew Mrs. Barfield for her love of cooking, whether at Opp Middle School, First Baptist Church, or fighting over her German chocolate cakes during the annual band fundraisers.
Although called “mom” by many of her children's friends, Mrs. Barfield is survived by her daughters and sons-in-law, Carmen (Brad) Baum, Sonya (Doyle) Toups, Debra (Dave) Horton, and Caroline (Jens) Bussemas; son and daughter-in-law, Mannston (Tanya) Barfield; and grandchildren, Christopher Hall, Kayla Hall Mitchell, Jonathan and Brandon Toups, Brittany Horton, Dilan, Ally and Marly Barfield, Tristan and Ellagrace Bussemas.
She was preceded in death by her husband, Julius Theodore Barfield; and son, George Erwin Barfield.
A graveside service for Mrs. Barfield was held at 3 p.m., Saturday, Feb. 4, 2017 in Peaceful Acres Memorial Gardens, with Wyatt Funeral Home in charge of the arrangements.
Do you love tech? Enjoy documentaries? Then, boy, are you going to love our round-up of the best tech documentaries available for your viewing pleasure. (If you hate technology and non-fiction films, on the other hand, you've probably come to the wrong place.)
From underdog video game stories to films which explore what the internet is doing to us, here are our picks for the tech-related documentaries you need to see right now.
The King of Kong: A Fistful of Quarters (2007) Probably the most obviously “fun” documentary on this list, King of Kong follows a narrative you'll have seen in everything from Rocky to Karate Kid: an underdog hero's journey as they battle against the odds to make it in the world. In this case, the world our hero — a high school teacher named Steve Wiebe — wants to make it in is competitive videogaming, by securing the high score for arcade classic Donkey Kong. Against him is lank-haired arcade legend Billy Mitchell, who turns out to be a deliciously underhanded movie villain. Lincoln Ruchti's Chasing Ghosts: Beyond the Arcade is another great exploration of the golden age of arcade gaming, but it's hard to match King of Kong when it comes to sheer nostalgic exuberance.
We Are Legion: The Story of Hacktivists (2012) We Are Legion is a documentary about “hacktivist” collective Anonymous.The film puts the Guy Fawkes mask-wearing hacktivists into a historical context, by tracing their more modern 4chan incarnation back to the protest culture of the 1960s. Director Brian Knappenberger manages to get some interesting interviews with real life Anonymous members, and poses the right moral and ethical questions. With both large scale hacks and protests only having gotten bigger since 2012, We Are Legion remains incredibly timely viewing.
The Man with the Movie Camera (1929) It's easy to think that the world we live in now — with the arrival of drones, robots, AI and 3D printing — is seeing profound change than at virtually any other point in history. This documentary, the oldest on our list by more than half a century, will challenge that belief. A highly experimental film shot directed, written and edited by the Soviet filmmaker Dziga Vertov, The Man with the Movie Camera sets out to depict what was then the modern city, freshly transformed by mechanization and electrification. High on Marxist propaganda this film may be, but there's something exhilarating about seeing a largely cynicism-free dream of human and machine working side by side to create something bigger out of individual pieces. You know when folks say “they don't make them like this any more?” Well, they don't make them like that any more.
All Watched Over By Machines of Loving Grace (2011) A sprawling, 180-minute documentary that was screened in three separate parts, 2011's All Watched Over by Machines of Loving Grace is the work of British filmmaker Adam Curtis. Far more of a personal nonfiction essay than a fly-on-the-wall documentary, its central premise is that computers have singularly failed to liberate humanity in the way their countercultural forefathers promised. With that overarching argument, AWOBMOLG (the unwieldy title comes from a 1967 poem) veers from analyzing Ayn Rand's influence on Silicon Valley to exploring the ecological dreams of Buckminster Fuller to cybernetics and evolution; somehow stitching them together into a cohesive whole. You may or may not agree with everything this documentary says, but you'll come away feeling like you've just read one of the most thought-provoking New Yorker articles in years.
We Live in Public (2009) The notion that, to some degree, social media has made our private lives public isn't really up for debate here in 2017. But the idea that this was possible — or desirable — wasn't quite so clear in the 1990s. Step forward Josh Harris, one of the first dot-com millionaires, and a man described as “the greatest internet pioneer you've never heard of.” An eccentric individual pitched somewhere between artist, entrepreneur, and troll, Harris managed to burn through his personal fortune by putting together weird social experiment projects like one in which 100 artists lived together in a webcam-filled underground bunker in New York, or a similar endeavor in which he and his girlfriend lived in a similarly surveilled apartment — with the world able to tune in to watch their every move. Edited from more than 5,000 hours of footage, shot over 10 years, We Live in Public is a fascinating, funny, and sometimes disturbing document of dot-com era excess, which also manages to ask some probing questions about our connected world today.
Downloaded (2013) This documentary, directed by Alex Winter, a.k.a. “Bill” from the Bill & Ted movies, tells the story of Napster and the rise of file-sharing services in the 1990s. It's a slick production about an important chapter in internet history, with some impressive names among the interview list. It may not have too many surprises if you followed this story closely at the time, but Downloaded is an intriguing enough tale to warrant a place on this list. Since it's about the challenges of copyright in the age of the internet, it would go very well with the next documentary on our list…
The Internet's Own Boy: The Story of Aaron Swartz (2014) The Internet's Own Boy tells the story of Aaron Schwarz, a computer programmer and copyright activist who committed suicide after being charged with a maximum of $1 million in damages and 35 years in prison for downloading large numbers of academic journal articles to make them freely available. Filmmaker Brian Knappenberger is firmly on Schwarz' side, but it's hard not to be when you hear about the extent to which Schwarz was hounded by the U.S. Justice Department.
Indie Game: The Movie (2012) The second game-related documentary on our list, Indie Game focuses primarily on the independent game developers behind Super Meat Boy and Fez as they struggle to make their dream projects a reality. If you've never dipped a toe into the world of gaming outside of the big AAA Call of Duty-style franchises, being introduced to the deeply personal world of indie gaming is like discovering the world of independent movies and alternative music (back when both labels meant something) for the first time. If you are familiar with indie gaming titles — either as a player or a creator — Indie Game presents a compellingly relatable take on a familiar story.
Robert Lewandowski As Dangerous As Cristiano Ronaldo – Juup Heynckes
Bayern Munich manager Jupp Heynckes has responded to claims that they may struggle to cope with Cristiano Ronaldo by reminding Real Madrid of Robert Lewandowski's goalscoring ability.
Cristiano Ronaldo has scored a competition-high 15 goals in the Champions League this season and has 41 in all competitions, compared to 39 for Lewandowski in six games fewer.
No player boasts better form than the Portuguese since the turn of the year, however, and Heynckes admits that Bayern must be alert to stop the threat the prolific forward poses in the first leg of their Champions League semi-final showdown.
“I respect Ronaldo immensely — he has had a superb career,” Heynckes told his prematch news conference.
“But you need to play well as a team to win the Champions League, and in Robert Lewandowski we also have a striker who has already scored 39 goals this season.
“He is a very positive player, always ready to produce top performances. One could also ask how to shut out Lewandowski.”
Asked whether he would swap the Poland captain, linked with Madrid in the past, for Ronaldo, the coach said: “Bayern is very happy with Lewandowski, so it's not a question for consideration.”
The post Robert Lewandowski As Dangerous As Cristiano Ronaldo – Juup Heynckes appeared first on 360Nobs.com.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from 360Nobs.com. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
SEATTLE (AP) — A man who accused Seattle Mayor Ed Murray of sexually abusing him when he was a teenager has asked a court to dismiss the lawsuit he filed against the mayor.
"Delvonn Heckard is only delaying his lawsuit until the mayor is out of power," his lawyer, Lincoln Beauregard, said Wednesday on Twitter.
In a motion filed Tuesday, Beauregard said Heckard feels it would be wise to complete his extensive counseling and recovery before moving forward with the case.
He said in the motion that Heckard determined it would be better for the success of the case and the citizens of Seattle if it went forward after Murray was out of office next year.
In an email to The Associated Press Wednesday, the lawyer said, "we look forward to winning."
Murray, who has denied the allegation, dropped his re-election bid because of the lawsuit that claimed he paid Heckard for sex in the 1980s.
A spokesman for Murray didn't immediately respond to a request Wednesday for comment.
Murray has said it was better for the city if he didn't run for a second term.
His lawyers, Malaika Eaton and Robert Sulkin, filed a motion on May 24 saying the lawsuit should be dismissed.
They argued that Heckard had failed to state a legitimate claim and that his sex-abuse claims are barred by Washington's statute of limitations. They also said Murray should be reimbursed for legal costs.
Heckard's lawsuit, filed in April, claims Murray paid Heckard, now a 46-year-old suburban Seattle man, for sex three decades ago.
Two other men claimed in interviews with The Seattle Times that Murray abused them in the 1980s when they lived in an Oregon center for troubled children. They were not part of the Heckard lawsuit.
The suit was filed as Murray became a high-profile critic of President Donald Trump. At the time, Murray spokesman Jeff Reading said the case was politically motivated and timed to derail the mayor's re-election bid.
Beauregard's motion claims Murray's lawyers and his former campaign team "have successfully tainted the jury pool with false information about the accusers." A judge previously rejected Beauregard's request to move the trial out of the city.
The Associated Press does not typically identify people who say they are a victim of sex abuse, but Heckard has said he wanted his name made public.
This is a Dish sponsored post.
Dish currently has some incredible offers on a variety of services and products for a limited time only. With our special coupon codes, you can score savings on TV mounting, a soundbar, or Bluetooth headphones.
Unlike other cable companies, Dish puts the customer first, with a strikingly honest tagline of “Tuned into you.” The company focuses on technology and innovation and prides itself on providing not only outstanding customer service but also the best TV experience and value possible. From a hopper 3 DVR option to Amazon Alexa integration, the company focuses on what the customer wants. Read on to discover some amazing offers this standout company has to offer.
For a limited time you can get free TV mounting with a mounting bracket included. The deal is perfect for those who have just purchased a new, large TV, or have one sitting on a stand but really want it mounted on the wall. This not only saves space, but it can also improve the look and feel of the entire room. Mounting can be difficult to do on your own, which is why you need the professionals this service offers. This free offer is a $200 value and valid from now until July 30, 2017. To score this deal, you must be a new customer and use special promo code: MOUNT4735. If your TV is exactly where you want it, but you'd like to improve your viewing experience, you can do so with a Polk Soundbar directly from Dish. The soundbar is a high-quality TV accessory that improves any TV show, movie, or game. Soundbars are often what upgrade a basic TV setup to a fully engaging cinema experience. The TV soundbar deal includes the Polk soundbar,as well as professional installation, and is a $200 value. The deal is valid for new customers only through July 30, 2017. To score this deal, use promo code: DISHSOUND967. Connect to Dish anywhere you go with free noise-reduction headphones. The Bluetooth headphones are a $100 value, and the offer is available to new customers only. The headphones you receive may come in a variety of colors including red, white, and black. The offer is valid for new customers only, and you can snag your free pair by using promo code: BTOFFER825.
Call Now
SAN FRANCISCO — Gun deaths have fallen in California over a 16-year period ending in 2015, driven largely by a decline in gang violence and black homicides a recent and rare scientific study of firearm violence has found.
Researchers at the University of California, Davis published their findings in the May issue of the journal Annals of Epidemiology after reviewing 50,921 firearm deaths recorded in California between 2000 and 2015. The University provided the study results on Monday.
The report found 24,922 firearm homicides during that period and 23,682 suicides by gun. Researchers say the number of firearm homicides dropped from 4.19 per 100,000 people in 2000 to a low of 3.13 per 100,000 in 2014 before ticking up slightly in 2015.
Researcher Veronica Pear attributed the decline in gun homicides to a reduction of gang violence, particularly in Los Angeles County.
The study also showed a big drop in the number of black men being killed by guns.
Pear said the number of gun homicides of black men dropped 32 per cent from the peak in 2005 at 47 per 100,000 people to 31 per 100,000 in 2015. The homicide rate for Hispanic men was 6.7 per 100,000 in 2015, a 38 per cent decline from its peak of 10.8 per 100,000 in 2005.
The homicide rate of White and Asian men held steady throughout the period at roughly the same level of roughly 3 homicides per 100,000 annualy.
Pear said she hopes the new research will be used by others studying the cause and effects of gun violence.
“We also hope it can serve as a template for researchers in other states to create similar profiles,” she said.
For the last 30 years, the federal government has largely abandoned gun-violence studies after the National Rifle Association prevailed on Congress to significantly restrict funding for the Centers for Disease Control and Prevent to do the research. The NRA said it does not oppose gun research but is against research that it calls biased, flimsy or aimed at advocacy.
A few private foundations and California have recently stepped up funding of gun violence studies. California became the first state to publicly support the research when lawmakers voted to fund U.C. Davis' Violence Prevention Research Program with $5 million over five years.
The Kaiser Permanente health care consortium announced earlier this month it would spend $2 million to study gun violence among its 12 million members.
Manuel Neuer says there has been no contact from Manchester City but admits to being pleased by the reported interest from the Premier League club.
The Germany international has been linked with a move to the Etihad Stadium to link up with former Bayern Munich boss Pep Guardiola, with Claudio Bravo having been dropped from the first team following a string of unconvincing displays.
Neuer is happy to hear about the speculation but has stressed that there has not been any approach from City and that he is happy at the Allianz Arena.
"There was no contact and, as you know, I'm happy and satisfied here and I've just extended my contract, actually," he told a news conference ahead of Bayern's Champions League last-16 first leg against Arsenal on Wednesday.
"I'm glad that there's speculation and talk about it. Pep still has my phone number but he hasn't called me, so everything is alright."
Arsenal face the Bundesliga champions with goalkeeping concerns of their own, with out-of-sorts Petr Cech left out in favour of David Ospina, who has been Arsene Wenger's Champions League keeper of choice this season.
Neuer, however, does not think the Gunners will be made any less of a threat with Ospina in goal.
"Both goalkeepers have been doing a great job," said the 30-year-old. "They're both great goalkeepers who both deservedly play at Arsenal and I think the coach has a choice and tries to divide things in a fair way.
"Cech might be the more known name, but Ospina has done a very good job and we know that, whichever goalkeeper we play against, they'll be a good one."
'); StatBanner('btw', bl); } else { show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); } } } function mailru_ads(data, el) { if(data && data.length > 0) { var ban_location = $(el).attr("ntv-loc"); var bl = parseInt(ban_location); if(bl == 3 && typeof b240_callback !== 'undefined') { try { window[b240_callback](); } catch(e) {} } StatBanner('all', bl); } } (MRGtag = window.MRGtag || []).push({ onNoAds:function(resp) { mailru_noAds(resp); }, onAdsLoaded: function(data, el){ mailru_ads(data, el); }, iframeMode: false }); function StatBanner(type, place) { if (type == 'all') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_showed" }); } if (type == 'noAds') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_mailru_error" }); } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_top" }); try { reachGoal('banner_error_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_ntv_showed" }); } if (type == 'btw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_showed" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_showed'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'nobtw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_error" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_error'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4_ntv" }); } } $(function() { var o = document.createElement('vid' + 'eo'); if(isFInst && (!o || !o.canPlayType || !o.canPlayType('video/mp4; codecs="avc1.640029, mp4a.40.2"'))) { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "html5_media_support" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('html5_media_support'); } catch (e) {} } }); // -->
Federal regulators have fined UPS $73,800 for safety violations at the company's airplane hangar in Louisville.
Continue Reading Below
The Courier-Journal (http://cjky.it/2ivul8E ) reports the U.S. Occupational Safety and Health Administration cited the company in October after the violations were found during an inspection. One involved an open-sided platform without proper safety railings. The other violation was related to workplace sanitation conditions.
UPS spokesman Mike Mangeot says in a statement that the company addressed the concerns immediately after they occurred.
___
Information from: The Courier-Journal, http://www.courier-journal.com
“I'd say I feel comfortable, but I wouldn't say it feels natural,” Conforto said. “I think what would feel natural is to play every day. But with all the guys that we have, all the talent in this clubhouse, it's just not the situation right now, and I'm completely fine with that. As long as I can be a part of a winning team and play an important role, I think that's the most important thing for me.”
Like any bench player, Conforto relies on routine. Assistant hitting coach Pat Roessler directs his daily agenda, running down the list of possibilities for Conforto's insertion into a game in the middle innings. After he stretches, either with a trainer or on a stationary bike, he and Roessler watch the game on television in an indoor batting cage.
There, Roessler throws Conforto batting practice, often standing as close as 30 feet to simulate the upper-end velocities Conforto will see in-game. When he believes his swing is “where I want it,” he moves to the dugout bench, waiting for manager Terry Collins to call his name.
More often than not, Collins calls; Conforto has appeared in 11 of New York's first 13 games, seven of them as a pinch-hitter.
“The one thing he has done is shown us he can actually handle the role off the bench,” Collins said. “To the other teams, he's dangerous. They know it.”
Conforto is batting .353 with a .409 on-base percentage, a .765 slugging mark and six RBIs in 22 plate appearance, all of which begs the question of why the Mets don't start him more often. In contrast, 36-year-old starting center fielder Curtis Granderson is batting .174/.235/.261 in 51 plate appearances — numbers exacerbated by his active 2-for-21 funk. The calls for Granderson's benching are growing louder.
Conforto's solo homer
NYM@PHI: Conforto lifts off to double the Mets' lead
Michael Conforto goes the other way for a long solo home run, his second of the year, to push the Mets' lead to 2-0 in the top of the 3rd
But the club is not willing to make decisions based upon a two-week sample size. Last year, Granderson swatted 30 homers in 150 games, prompting New York to deflect all offseason trade offers — and there were several — for him. Conforto, meanwhile, lost his job by hitting .148/.217/.303 in 44 May and June games. So deep was Conforto's slump that the Mets, incapable of depending on him, traded for Jay Bruce in August.
Bruce, like Granderson, now blocks Conforto's path to regular playing time, forming a knot that isn't likely to untangle anytime soon. The compromise is something similar to the current landscape: a situation in which Conforto starts one to three times per week, appearing in most other games off the bench.
Besides, as club officials like to say, injuries happen. Fatigue happens. These situations have a way of working themselves out. In the interim, Conforto will continue plying away at the routine that works for him.
“That was the tough part, was trying to do what you think you're supposed to, as opposed to what feels right for you,” Conforto said. “It's trial and error. You've just got to find what works for you.”
Why it matters to you Tanning may look healthy, but UV rays can lead to numerous health risks. This work could present an alternative solution.
With summer here, chances are that you've probably spared a bit of thought for getting that sun-kissed, tanned look often associated with youth and vitality. The sad irony, of course, is that while we might associate suntanned skin with good health, prolonged sun exposure can lead to accelerated skin aging, as well as associated risks like skin cancer.
A new research project published in the journal Cell Reports suggests that things don't have to remain that way, though. What scientists have discovered is a small molecule that may be able to stimulate the darkening of human skin, without exposing it to potentially harmful UV radiation. This involves inhibiting an enzyme called Salt Inducible Kinase (SIK), which naturally suppresses pigmentation. By inhibiting it, pigment synthesis is instead stimulated.
“Based upon human epidemiology which shows that darkly pigmented people are at significantly lower risk of developing skin cancer, as well as other indications of UV damage to skin, we suspect that the ability to stimulate pigment production [minus] use of damaging UV-rays, may provide the benefits without the damage from UV,” Dr. David Fisher of Massachusetts General Hospital, one of the researchers on the project, told Digital Trends. “In laboratory animals, it has been shown that UV-independent pigment darkening of redhaired mice does provide strong skin protection from UV. However, this has not yet been tested in humans. The current discovery will hopefully make it possible to test this [in people].”
Before this can be rolled out as a summer staple alongside beer coolers and barbecues, however, Fisher explains that it is important to first determine the safety or toxicity of the agent, in order to know how best to apply it to people. If the compounds are found to be safe, the researchers then hope to identify the population of people for whom such darkening would be most helpful, before carrying out initial clinical testing.
“We are currently in discussions with several potential partners for developing the approach toward clinical application,” Fisher said.
“Would you like a bag?”
Considering I had just spent £120 on a pair of shoes for my 14-year-old son, the shop assistant's question was the least of my worries.
For that amount of cash, I didn't' just want a bag, I wanted my path to the shop exit sprinkled with rose petals. The staff could also form a guard of honour, piping me to the doors before carrying me on their shoulders to my car. If that's not too much to ask.
I don't really want to talk about the amount of cash I am forced to spend on my offspring. Particularly as I feel as if I'm paying for the privilege of turning my son into a walking billboard for sportswear manufacturers.
North Face seems particularly popular. Though I don't think my glum teenage son dragging his heels around a retail park is that good an advert for a mountaineer clothing company. Sour Face would be more apt.
“That'll be 5p,” the shop assistant said. “For the bag.”
Such is the odd state of play in society today, I found it easier to part with the £120 for a pair of monstrous trainers than 5p for a plastic bag.
I balked at the bag. As I've said before, buying a plastic bag when shopping is the modern equivalent of a billionaire tycoon lighting his cigar with a ten dollar bill. It's a sign that you have more money than sense.
Obviously there are environmental concerns. That said, with the masses of plastic detritus floating in our seas and rivers, creatures will eventually adapt to their new polluted surroundings.
Evolution will ensure that fish and sea mammals will learn to use the rubbish we have dumped in our waterways. Just as the giraffe evolved a long neck to nibble food from the highest branches, so in years to come will lobsters evolve nimble fingers to carry their young in plastic Aldi shopping bags.
Nature will probably ensure sharks evolve sensitive lips too so they can pucker up and use the millions of straws we've chucked in the waves. Sharks will continue to roam the seas ripping humans apart with their great gaping jaws, but in years to come they also then whip out a straw with their specially evolved gripping fin before slurping up the blood and body goo with the straws. Nature always finds a way.
This, of course, is going to take some years. A few million Darwin reckoned.
In the meantime, it's probably best to limit our plastic bag use.
I've taken to wearing trousers with specially designed pockets. They are extra large pockets, about the depth of a typical shopping bag.
It means that, should I forget my bag for life to collect my shopping, I can use the giant pockets in my strides.
The only awkward part of these wonder consumer pockets, is when the check out lady asks: “Do you need a hand with your packing?” I always answer ‘Yes'. Raising my arms in the air and crying “Fill her up!”
They then pay the 5p themselves... and hand me a plastic bag. It's known as a win win.
Mississippi businesses say in an unscientific survey that the top item on their wish list is a well-educated workforce.
Secretary of State Delbert Hosemann's office sent questionnaires to almost 100,000 businesses that are registered in Mississippi. He says Tuesday that more than 5,300 of them responded, and most of the answers came from businesses with fewer than 50 employees.
Many of those answering the survey say that a strong work ethic, honesty and strong communications skills are the top traits they want in their workers.
Hosemann says state and local tax incentives rated relatively low on the list of priorities from businesses that responded.
He says more than 400 businesses requested information about how they can work with elementary and secondary schools, community colleges and universities.
Photos of Rotimi Amaechi's Lawsuit To Femi Fani Kayode and Fayose's Aide, Lere Olayinka
Here are Letters by counsel to the minister of transportation, Chibuike Rotimi Amaechi, Lateef Fagbemi (SAN) to Femi Fani-Kayode and the special adviser to Governor Ayo Fayose of Ekiti State, Lere Olayinka.
The document citing character defamation, issued a 7-day ultimatum to the duo to retract their statements on social media pages and other publications including National dailies, or face
This post was syndicated from Nigerian News Today & Top Headlines | Cambells Blog. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
CINCINNATI — Authorities say a man facing trial in a Cincinnati nightclub mass shooting that left two people dead and 15 injured received help from a jail inmate to bribe and intimidate witnesses.
Hamilton County Assistant Prosecutor David Prem said Tuesday the bribery allegations against Cornell Beckley, the only suspect charged in the March 2017 Cameo nightclub shooting, and inmate Justin Watson could affect the integrity of the justice system.
Prosecutors say the 28-year-old Beckley, 26-year-old Watson and other unnamed individuals sought to identify witnesses to bribe or threaten them into silence before Beckley's trial scheduled for May 7. Beckley has pleaded not guilty to murder and numerous other charges.
Both men pleaded not guilty Tuesday to bribery and obstruction of justice charges. Their attorneys didn't immediately return messages seeking comment.
Why it matters to you Finally, there's a high-performance electric car designed with station wagon fans in mind.
Tesla's family of electric cars is set to expand considerably in the coming years. The company is working on a smaller crossover positioned below the Model X, a pickup truck, and even a semi truck, but it's not planning an expansion into the station wagon segment. A small British firm is going where company boss Elon Musk won't by building a long-roof variant of the Tesla Model S.
The project was commissioned by a British Model S owner who became frustrated because his dogs couldn't fit comfortably in the back of his car. The Model S is available with a pair of jump seats in the trunk, so it sounds like we're dealing with dogs bigger than the average child. Instead of stepping up to the Model X or shopping for a car that's not a Tesla, he decided to invest his money into creating the first-ever Model S station wagon. The conversion is taking place right now in England.
This isn't an amateur job; it's not a novice builder hacking away at a Tesla with an angle grinder and some body filler. Some of the people involved in the project have experience designing cars for well-known companies like Lotus and Jaguar – Land Rover, and a few even worked on McLaren's iconic F1 in the 1990s. Fast forward to about 13:15 in the video below to hear the hosts of YouTube show Fully Charged talk about the project.
An early, computer-generated sketch of the car is stunning. The wagon looks just like a pre-facelift Model S from the tip of the front bumper to the B-pillar. Beyond that, it receives a longer roof panel underlined by an elegant strip of chrome trim, and a short third side window that allowed designers to retain the sedan's muscular stance. The D-pillar got pushed as far back as possible in order to clear up the maximum amount of cargo space.
While we don't have photos of the build, the team has already chopped up the body and manufactured the molds for the roof panel. It will be made out of carbon fiber in order to keep weight in check. Adding pounds of sheet metal to the Model S would undoubtedly penalize range, so carbon fiber is the perfect solution for a conversion like this one.
The carbon fiber parts will actually make the wagon lighter than the Model S, and the longer roof panel will make it more aerodynamic. The car has been extensively tested in a wind tunnel, Fully Charged reports. It could offer more range than a standard Model S sedan, but we won't know for sure until it hits the road.
The first Model S station wagon will be finished in November at the latest. It's a one-off model right now, but it might not remain that way for very long. The team in charge of the project is open to converting about 25 wagons over the next three years if the first one generates enough demand from motorists. It's an entirely bespoke version of an expensive car, so don't expect it to come cheap.
Kings XI Punjab staved off a spirited Delhi Daredevils chase in a thrilling finish to a match they won by four runs.
After Kings XI posted a total of 143-8, the Daredevils - bottom of the IPL - got off to a shaky start in their pursuit of an achievable target, dropping three wickets in the opening six overs.
But Shreyas Iyer put on a fantastic display to steer his side to the brink of an unlikely victory, producing a knock of 57.
And it was Iyer who faced the final ball of the match needing five runs to win or four to force the super over, having kept his team's hopes alive with a boundary from the penultimate delivery.
However, his high chip to long-off fell kindly for Aaron Finch to take the catch and leave the Daredevils four short.
The result lifts Kings XI - for whom Karun Nair top-scored with 34 - two points clear of Chennai Super Kings at the summit having played a game more, while the Daredevils have now won just one of their six matches this season.
GAMBHIR DOESN'T PAY OFF
Gautam Gambhir had recorded at least 50 runs in three of his last four innings against Kings XI coming into this match, including a knock of 55 earlier this season.
However, the batsman was unable to replicate that kind of showing on Monday, as he chalked up only four before being seen off by Andrew Tye.
Gambhir was one of the three Daredevils batsmen - along with Prithvi Shaw (22) and Glenn Maxwell (12) - who contributed to the team's unsteady start at the crease by making early exits.
#MONDAYMOTIVATION
Both teams came into this match with the added motivation of breaking dismal runs of form in matches played on Mondays.
Kings XI had won just one of their last seven played on the first day of the week, while the Daredevils had lost each of their last seven.
After their latest defeat, the Daredevils will not be happy to see their match with the Super Kings scheduled for next Monday.
KEMMERER, Wyo. (AP) - A 23-year-old man avoided facing the death penalty by pleading guilty to kidnapping and killing a Utah train worker in Wyoming.
Dereck James Harrison entered his plea Monday during his arraignment in District Court in Kemmerer.
Harrison pleaded guilty to first-degree murder while perpetrating a kidnapping and kidnapping in the May slaying of Kay Porter Ricks, 63, The Salt Lake Tribune reported (http://bit.ly/2oFRacD).
Prosecutors agreed not to seek the death penalty in exchange for Harrison's guilty plea. Sentencing has been scheduled for May 17.
Harrison already is serving at least 30 years in a Utah prison after pleading guilty last year to tying up a woman and her four daughters in a basement.
After that, he and his father snatched and killed a train worker while on the run from police, prosecutors said.
His father, Flint Harrison, killed himself in jail last July.
Dereck Harrison put most of the blame for Ricks' killing on his father, saying that his father was the one who killed Ricks and that he thought they were going to let Ricks free in Wyoming, The Deseret News reported (http://bit.ly/2oiyEX3 ).
Harrison told District Judge Joseph Bluemel that his father cut Ricks' throat.
Harrison said he then scuffled with his father and argued with him before Flint Harrison hit Ricks four to five times in the head with a metal rod.
"You didn't defend Mr. Ricks?" the judge asked.
"No, I didn't," Harrison replied.
Dereck Harrison had been charged in Wyoming with four counts: murder in the first degree with premeditation and malice, murder in the first degree while perpetrating a kidnapping, kidnapping, and wrongful taking or disposing of property. Two counts were dropped in the plea deal.
Authorities have said that the Harrisons kidnapped Ricks from a Salt Lake City TRAX stop where he was working and drove Ricks' truck to a rural area outside Kemmerer in southwest Wyoming and killed him. Ricks' body was left in sage brush off a dirt road.
After a five-day manhunt, the Harrisons were arrested at a remote hideout near the small town of Pinedale.
The whole episode stemmed from drugs, police said. The Harrisons had been using methamphetamine for days and wrongly thought the woman they kidnapped had reported them to police. So they kidnapped her and her daughters.
However, the family escaped from the two, prompting the Harrisons to flee and setting up their encounter with Ricks.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Transcript for Suspect in Austin explosions a 'serial bomber,' authorities say
Another bomb rocking the city of Austin, Texas. Without a closure seen. The fourth explosion in less than twenty days. I don't understand why this this happening this entire neighborhood on lockdown federal agents and police sweeping the area. This neighborhood is still. I'm being locked down right now for safety are doing as an over abundance of caution so that we can keep this neighborhood say what we process the scene authorities responding to a blast potentially caused by a trip wire injuring two men in their twenties. That's the real situation now it's not. You know don't touch any packages it's like. Now season. The latest blast comes seventeen days after the first reported explosion just a few miles away. Police have now followed up on more than 700 phones calls about suspicious packages in the Austin area. We're pushing the message out that we need every tip every piece of information. However inconsequential you may think it is that may be the one piece of evidence that we need. Authorities are now investigating of last night's attack. But the response to this press briefing. That there's been an increase in the reward the blast triggered just six and a half hours after the Austin police department offered 1151000. Dollars. For any tip leading to the arrest of a suspect police worry these bombings are meant to send a message. Investigators say the bombs are made with nails and other metal pieces as shrapnel and the fact that the bomber was able to move the packages without detonating them. Shows a suspect is highly skilled. Now authorities worry they could have it well trained at serial bomber on there hands accurately ABC news New York.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
CAIRO — Egypt has detained eight protesters and accused them of “association with a terrorist organization” after they took part in a small demonstration against President Donald Trump's decision to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel, a rights lawyer said Monday.
Khaled Ali said in a Facebook post that the protesters were arrested on Friday in front of the Egyptian Press Syndicate in downtown Cairo.
Ali said those detained, including a female activist, are accused of links to the Muslim Brotherhood group, which was officially branded a terrorist organization after the military overthrew an elected Islamist president in 2013.
The detainees also face charges of inciting protests and violence, and will be held for 15 days pending investigation, the prosecutor's office said in a statement, without elaborating.
Trump's decision upended decades of U.S. foreign policy and went against an international consensus that Jerusalem's status should be decided in negotiations between Israel and the Palestinians, who claim east Jerusalem as the capital of their future state.
The move ignited protests in several Arab and Muslim nations, including Egypt, where the country's leading Muslim and Christian clerics have refused to meet with U.S. Vice-President Mike Pence on his upcoming visit to the region.
Egypt's President Abdel-Fattah el-Sissi, a close ally of Trump, has presided over an unprecedented crackdown on dissent over the past four years. The government outlaws all unauthorized protests, and has jailed tens of thousands of dissidents, mainly Islamists but also a number of prominent secular activists.
Ahhhh, Thanksgiving. It's the holiday that's impossible to hate. It's all about one thing – food. Lots and lots of delicious food. While Thanksgiving dinner itself is incredible, some say that leftovers are even better. With that in mind, here are 9 tasty ways to use your leftovers. You're welcome.
A Thanksgiving Sandwich
Listen – there's an art to turkey sandwiches. You can't just slap some turkey on bread and call it a day. Anyone who has watched Friends knows what I'm talking about.
You've got to take it to the next level! Turkey, mashed potatoes, stuffing, gravy and cranberry sauce between two pieces of bread. Get. In. My. Belly. (bonus points if you give it a quick toast on the panini grill)
Cheesy Mashed Potato Pancakes
We checked, and science has proven that this is the greatest use for leftover mashed potatoes of all time.
Turkey Soup/Stew
A classic. Is Thanksgiving really Thanksgiving without next-day turkey soup/stew? The answer is no, so bust out those slow cookers!
A post shared by The Inspired Home (@theinspiredhome) on Sep 15, 2017 at 5:45am PDT
Turkey Poutine
Now that you think about it, isn't it obvious?!?
Bacon Wrapped Stuffing Bites
When two of the most beautiful foods known to human kind come together, magic happens.
Turkey & Cranberry Quesdillas
A great way to get your kids to eat leftovers. Whip this up for a quick day-after lunch that is as tasty as it is easy.
Casserole
Casserole's don't get the love they deserve these days. They're warm, comforting and you can pretty much put anything in them and it'll still turn out great. This option can also be swapped out for a Shepard's Pie if that's more your thing.
Breaking: A-Court voids Orubebe's conviction, overrules CCT
By Ikechukwu Nnochiri
ABUJA – The Court of Appeal sitting in Abuja, on Wednesday, nullified the decision of the Code of Conduct Tribunal, CCT, which found former Minister of Niger Delta Affairs, Elder Godsday Orubebe guilty of allegation that he falsely declared his assets in 2007.
In a unanimous judgement, a three-man panel of Justices of the appellate court led by Justice Mohammed Abdul Aboki, voided Orubebe's conviction on the premise that the CCT verdict occasioned a miscarriage of justice against him.
Orubebe had in his Notice of Appeal marked CA/A/633c/2016, urged the appellate court to not only set-aside judgment the Justice Danladi Umar-led tribunal delivered against him on October 4, 2016, but to equally discharge and acquit him of the charge.
The tribunal had in its verdict, said it was satisfied that Orubebe shielded his ownership of Plot 2057 Asokoro District, Abuja.
Justice Umar who maintained that there was merit in the one-count amended charge the Federal Government entered against the former Minister, held that the said property should be forfeited to the government.
The tribunal noted that though Orubebe claimed that he had already sold the land before he submitted the assets declaration form, the title documents still had his name six years after.
Even though the tribunal confiscated the land from the defendant after it found him guilty of the offence of false declaration of assets contrary to section 15 of the CCB & Tribunal Act, Cap C15, Laws of the Federation of Nigeria 2007, it however declined to ban him from holding any public office.
Meanwhile, dissatisfied with the verdict, Orubebe, through his lawyer, Mr. Selekowei Larry, SAN, raised three grounds he said the appellate court should consider and nullify his conviction.
He prayed the appellate court to determine “Whether the tribunal was right in convicting the defendant for false declaration of plot 2057, Asokoro District, Abuja.
“Whether the tribunal was right in holding that the said plot 2057 remained or remains the defendant's property despite exhibits D1, D2, and D3 being documentary evidence of transfer of interest executed in favour of one Divention Properties Ltd by the defendant.
As well as, “Whether the tribunal was right in suo motu raising the issue of non registration of Divention Properties Ltd's title in respect of plot 2057 Asokoro District, Abuja and convicting the defendant thereon without granting party opportunity to be heard thereon”.
The embattled ex-Minister prayed the tribunal to allow the appeal on the premise that the prosecution woefully failed to prove the false declaration of assets against him.
According to him, “The said plot said not to be declared in the charge on September 26, 2007 was not yet given to the appellant as at then.
“The appellant did not make any declaration of assets on June 29, 2011 as alleged on the charge. He only made a declaration on June 28, 2011, by which time he was no longer the owner of plot 2057. The plot 2057 Asokoro District, Abuja, was a gift of empty land by the respondent (FRN) which he received on June 13, 2011 and parted with the same day.
“Having sold the said plot and executed D1, D2 and D3, he could not be reasonably expected to still declare it as his assets.
“That the tribunal based its decision on an issue that was not put before it, but raised suo motu by it without giving parties opportunity to be heard, thereby rendering it a nullity
“Accordingly, that the decision of the tribunal be set aside, the conviction quashed and the appellant be discharged and acquitted”.
While upholding the appeal on Wednesday, the appellate court panel held that the tribunal went beyond the case that was brought before it by the prosecution.
The court held that Orubebe's trial was not based on his none declaration of title deed of the said property, but his alleged false declaration of his assets.
It stressed that as such, the unregistered instrument of transfer of the said property was admissible evidence in proof of the payment of purchase price, which showed that the property was already acquired by Divention Properties Ltd.
The appellate court stressed that the appellant could not have declared the same property he had parted with.
The court faulted the CCT for raising the issue of non- registration of title deed of the property suo motu (by itself).
“On the whole, it is our view that this appeal succeeded on its merit and is therefore allowed. The appellant is accordingly discharged and acquitted”, the court held.
The post Breaking: A-Court voids Orubebe's conviction, overrules CCT appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Now that Eric Thames has more home runs (seven) than the Red Sox (six), the question must be asked:
What did the Brewers know and when did they know it?
Did the Crew happen upon a secret translation of the Thames' numbers from the Korea Baseball Organization (KBO)?
Brewers general manager David Stearns chuckles at any such notion, but his signing of the Thames to a three-year, $16 million free-agent contract last Nov. 29 is starting to look like the steal of the off-season.
Thames, 30, homered for the fifth straight game Monday and also hit a double against the Cubs, demonstrating why he was nicknamed “God” in Korea.
[embedded content]
So, what exactly did the Brewers see in the Thames, a left-handed hitter who is listed at 6-feet, 205 pounds?
Stearns said that most projection systems rate the KBO somewhere between high Double A and Triple A, but that the Brewers evaluate players case by case.
“In this case, we saw a player who, while in the United States previously, had a really challenging time adjusting to breaking stuff out of the zone and had chased a lot,” Stearns said.
“He went over to Korea, not only did he fairly drastically change his swing mechanics, but he just saw breaking stuff after breaking stuff and breaking stuff after breaking stuff. His zone discipline, with that breaking stuff, improved a fair amount.
“To us, that was a change that we thought had a chance to translate to the major-league level.”
[embedded content]
Thames, during stints with the Blue Jays and Mariners in 2011-12, batted .250 with 21 homers and a .727 OPS in 684 plate appearances – about one full season's worth.
His chase rate on breaking pitches was 33 percent and even higher against left-handers, according to the scouting service Inside Edge. He then spent '13 in the minors before heading to Korea and averaging 41 home runs over the past three seasons in the hitter-friendly KBO.
[embedded content]
The Brewers signed Thames to replace Chris Carter, who tied for the NL lead with 41 homers last season. Stearns acknowledged that there was risk in the acquisition, that even with the Thames' successful start, pitchers will adjust to him and he will need to adjust back.
Well, so far, so good.
Thames' chase rate on breaking pitches entering Monday was 21 percent, well below the league average of 31.5 percent. Two of his seven homers have been on breaking balls, and another came on a changeup.
“We started talking about Eric in the fall of 2015,” said Stearns, who became the Brewers' GM in September of that year. “We reached out to his agent and learned that he had another year to go over there. We kept track of him.
“We actually at that point did not have an Asian scouting presence; we do now. But fortunately, the KBO is fairly well-documented through video. We were able to keep track of what he was doing over there not only from a performance standpoint but from a subjective-evaluation standpoint as well.”
The Brewers brought Thames to Milwaukee for a visit after his KBO season finished last fall, getting to know him, asking him first-hand about his breakthrough.
They liked him. He liked them.
After 13 games, his performance needs no translation.
gallery: Meet the 2017 Milwaukee Brewers
FOX Fantasy Baseball Join or Create a Free League
Play Now!
"Everybody loved my baby," Harrison's mother said. (Source: WAVE 3 News)
Cee Cee, 18, was shot multiple times while inside her car. (Source: WAVE 3 News)
The family leaned on each other at Cee Cee Harrison's vigil on Saturday. (Source: WAVE 3 News)
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) – The mother of 18-year-old Chatariona “Cee Cee” Harrison described the terrifying moment her daughter was murdered.
The 18 year-old's parents were within earshot of the gunfire. They ran outside their Grand Avenue home to find it was their daughter who had been shot.
Lashonda Whitfield, Harrison's mother, said she was inside the house around noon on Friday when Cee Cee stepped out to go to the store.
Less than five minutes later, Harrison's parents heard gunshots and ran out front -- where they saw their daughter, who had been shot multiple times in her car.
“He [Harrison's father] pulled her out of the car and screamed her name a couple of times before she stopped breathing,” Whitfield said.
Thirty-six hours later, the crime scene was adorned with pink balloons and flowers for Harrison's vigil.
MORE ON WAVE3.COM
+ Teen shot, killed in California neighborhood identified
+ Teen dead in shooting on East Indian Trail in Okolona
+ Neighbor describes a declining neighborhood where LMPD officer was shot
Whitfield worried that the family chain was forever broken by the death of her daughter.
"They hurt us, they broke our chain. They broke our chain," Whitfield said.
Her family, overtaken with grief, leaned on each other while they awaited answers.
“She didn't deserve this, and whoever did this to my baby please, please turn yourself in,” Whitfield said.
Whitfield hopes her daughter will be remembered as a hard worker who, even with two jobs, always found time for her seven brothers and sisters.
“Cee Cee was the life of the party. Everybody loved my baby. Everybody. She looked out for the kids, for everybody. I raised her to be a good girl and she did that for me,” Whitfield said.
Harrison was taken to University Hospital where she died, according to LMPD.
LMPD's investigation hasn't led to any suspects yet.
Anyone with information is asked to call the anonymous police tip line at (502) 574-LMPD.
Copyright 2018 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
RAMALLAH, West Bank (AP) — A Palestinian official says the goal of establishing a state of Palestine alongside Israel enjoys broad international support, expressing surprise at a Trump administration suggestion that a peace deal may not come in the form of a two-state solution.
Husam Zomlot, an adviser to Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas, says the "two-state solution is not something we just came up with."
Zomlot spoke ahead of a White House meeting on Wednesday between President Donald Trump and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu.
A White House official has said that it's up to Israelis and Palestinians to decide what peace will entail, and that peace, not a two-state solution, is the goal.
Zomlot says it's not clear if the comments signal a shift from long-standing U.S. policy of supporting a two-state deal.
CORVALLIS, Ore. — Marie Gulich and Taylor Kalmer combined for 41 points on 17-of-23 shooting and 19th-ranked Oregon State blasted San Jose State 110-62 on Sunday, breaking 100 points for the first time since 2015.
The Beavers (6-2) were high-octane from the start, posting the program's highest single-quarter score 31-16 after the first 10 minutes. Kalmer scored eight of her 19 points in the first quarter, Gulich six of her 22 and Katie McWilliams scored all 10 in the first quarter. Kat Tudor finished with 15 points with four 3-pointers, Taya Corosdale added 13 and Joanna Grymek 10 with four blocks. Oregon State opened the game shooting 79 per cent and ended at 63 per cent (46-72), tying the program's third-highest point total.
San Jose State (2-7) was held to 29-per cent shooting (22-75). Myzhanique Ladd equaled a career-high 19 points for the Spartans and Taylor Turney 16.
Grymek drove for a layup and pushed the Beavers over 100 points with 5:06 to play. Oregon State dominated inside, out-rebounding the Spartans 54-27, outscoring them 58-24 in the paint and 16-2 on second-chance points.
Bad news, Camilla and Jonny fans, the dream is over: the pair have called it quits on their short-lived Love Island romance after Jonny's questionable comments about feminism.
The pair had shared an intimate moment on Tuesday night's episode, kissing and cuddling in bed, but on Wednesday night the mood turned sour after a discussion about gender inequality became heated.
It all began as the pair discussed who pays for what at the beginning of a relationship. Camilla suggested that bills should be split 50-50 at the beginning to avoid awkwardness, but Jonny said that a girl paying for him would make him feel “emasculated”.
It didn't get any better from there.
He went on to argue that women in Britain had achieved equality, that they have more opportunities in work than men, and that feminists wanted their own version of inequality. Yikes. Check out the tiff below.
Sadly, there was no coming back from that. The following day, Camilla took Jonny to the “break-up bench”.
Love Island fans had become very excited about the prospect of their blossoming romance in its early stages:
Awwwwww Camilla and Jonny my heart is breaking. Please don't change like the others ❤ #LoveIsland — Olivia Buckland (@OliviaDBuck) June 13, 2017
I want Camilla and Jonny to win and Marcel perform Crossroads at their wedding #LoveIsland — Brady Newstead (@bradynewstead) June 13, 2017
But many jumped ship after the feminism chat, the majority of them rather understandably plumping for team Camilla.
if feminism is important to Camilla and Jonny isn't trying to understand that, she has every right to be upset #loveisland — isabelle (@isab3llebailey) June 14, 2017
But it's the fact that Jonny feels emasculated if a financially independent women is able to pay for a meal😕 #loveisland — Mishaaaa✨ (@Manisha_JLS) June 14, 2017
jonny not in the mood? i'm not in the mood to get paid less for the same job but sometimes ya just gotta deal with these things #LoveIsland — lil C 🌞 (@cafferinooo) June 14, 2017
On to the next one, I guess.
Love Island 2017: meet the contestants
CASA GRANDE, Ariz. — Casa Grande police have identified the two suspects arrested and the victims in a quadruple killing attributed to domestic violence, saying that one of the victims was the estranged wife of one of the suspects.
Police say 31-year-old Alec Javier Perez and 22-year-old Rodney Ortiz Jr. remain jailed after being arrested Thursday on suspicion of four counts of first-degree murder.
The victims are identified as 32-year-old Justin Allen Yates, 27-year-old Jose Martin Aguilera, 31-year-old Connie Carrera and 29-year-old Crysta Proctor.
Police said Proctor was the estranged wife of Perez.
Police say the case has been submitted to the Pinal County Attorney's Office for review.
A police department spokesman, Officer Thomas Anderson, says he doesn't know whether the suspects have attorneys who could comment on the allegations.
Tottenham Hotspur youngster Kyle Walker-Peters has had a few months to remember.
Earlier this summer, he won the Under-20 World Cup with England.
And with the new Premier League season now here, the stars aligned for the 20-year-old to make his first-team debut in yesterday's 2017/18 opener at Newcastle United.
Walker-Peters not only coped with the step up, he put in a man of the match winning performance against the Magpies.
Here's what he had to say about his debut…
SUPPORTERS: Peter Oxford (right) with his partner Andre Sarzio supported the 65 Roses Campaign last year.
SUPPORTERS: Peter Oxford (right) with his partner Andre Sarzio supported the 65 Roses Campaign last year. Contributed
Cystic Fibrosis Queensland (CFQ) is calling on Gympie's business community to join a campaign to help people living with the disease by challenging their staff, families, customers and friends to raise just $650 by the end of May.
The 65 Roses Challenge is held across Queensland every May to raise much-needed funds and awareness for people living with cystic fibrosis, a life-shortening inherited disease that attacks the digestive system and slowly shuts down the lungs. It is usually diagnosed shortly after birth and there is no cure.
The campaign encourages community groups and individuals across the state to host challenges themed around the number 65; all with the main aim of supporting the almost 1000 Queenslanders living with the incurable disease. This year we want businesses to play a part.
Keeping with the number 65 theme, CFQ is asking each business to raise just $650 for a good cause. Community members can also visit their local businesses to encourage them to take part in the campaign.
While $650 might not seem much to many, it can make the world of difference to a person living with cystic fibrosis and who fights every day just to breathe. And if enough businesses take up this relatively simple challenge, the positive benefits to people with CF are incalculable.
The money raised will provide essential services such as equipment loans to people with CF; temporary Brisbane accommodation for families of children confined to hospital and hospital parking vouchers; Boredom Buster Bags containing activities and materials for children undergoing lengthy hospital stays; and key fundraising projects to buy exercise trampolines, nebulisers, hospital fridges, meals for adults.
CFQ also provides undertakes advocacy with governments and medical associations on behalf of people with CF and education programs for families and carers.
"This is a great and fun way for business owners, their staff, their families and their customers to give back to the community and support people who need their help,” CFQ Chief Executive Officer Petrina Fraccaro said.
"These fundraising challenges also provide vital financial assistance to CFQ to allow us to provide services to people with CF and their families.
"We must raise $2 million each year to provide those services but there is no designated state or federal government assistance to provide support for people and their families living with cystic fibrosis. The fundraising efforts of people in our community are essential to enable us to continue to help everyone with cystic fibrosis in Queensland.”
WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump is heading to Hamburg, Pennsylvania, next week to make his case for an overhaul of the nation's tax code.
White House spokeswoman Sarah Huckabee Sanders said Friday the plan “is really a jobs bill.” Trump's trip Wednesday to the town northwest of Philadelphia is aimed at building his case that tax cuts would help drive the economy.
Trump has promised Americans “the largest tax cut in our country's history.” But for the poorest Americans households, Trump's plan would amount to an average tax cut of about $60 a year, according to the Tax Policy Center. Middle-income families would get about $300 on average. Most of the cuts would go to the wealthiest Americans.
Trump last year became the first Republican presidential candidate to win Pennsylvania since 1988.
Due to the dropping unemployment rate, 118 of the 2,841 Fannin County residents enrolled in the federally funded Supplemental Nutrition ...
PLEASE LOG IN FOR PREMIUM CONTENT Our website requires visitors to log in to view the best local news. Not yet a subscriber? Subscribe today
RICHMOND, Va. — An appeals court has upheld the conviction of a former Virginia police officer who was sentenced to 2 1/2 years in prison for fatally shooting an unarmed black teenager suspected of shoplifting.
The Court of Appeals of Virginia on Tuesday unanimously affirmed the voluntary manslaughter conviction of Stephen Rankin in the 2015 shooting of William Chapman II.
Prosecutors alleged that Rankin — a white police officer in Portsmouth — killed the 18-year-old Chapman “willfully, deliberately and with premeditation” outside a Walmart.
Most witnesses said Chapman had his hands up, although some said he was combative.
Rankin was fired from his job after being indicted. After he was sentenced in 2016, Rankin said he was deeply sorry and never meant to hurt anyone.
BEIRUT — The Latest on the situation in Syria (all times local):
4:50 p.m.
Syrian opposition activists say rebels have shot down a warplane in the country's northwest where government forces and their allies are advancing under the cover of intense airstrikes.
The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says the warplane was downed on Saturday afternoon near the rebel-held town of Sarqeb, which Syrian troops have been trying to reach under the cover of Russian airstrikes.
The Observatory's chief Rami Abdurrahman says it's possible the warplane could be Russian. He added that the pilot ejected and landed alive on the ground.
The opposition's Aleppo Media Center says it was a Russian-made SU25 but did not say whether it was Russian. There was no immediate word from Moscow.
——
4:30 p.m.
Turkish presidential spokesman says Turkey will not tolerate the presence of a Syrian Kurdish militia “anywhere” along its southern border, hinting that Ankara might expand its military operation underway in the Syrian enclave of Afrin eastward.
The spokesman, Ibrahim Kalin, said on Saturday that Turkey's first demand is to see the Syrian Kurdish militia — the People's Protection Units or YPG — move east of the Euphrates River and leave the town of Manbij, where American troops backing the Syrian Kurdish fighters are stationed.
Turkey launched an incursion into Syria on Jan. 20 and is currently fighting the YPG in the northwestern enclave of Afrin. It considers the YPG a “terrorist group” and an extension of Kurdish rebels inside Turkey.
Kalin called on the United States to “disengage” from the YPG and said Turkey will continue communications with “our American allies to avoid any confrontation.”
Turkey shares a 911-kilometre border with Syria. The YPG controls much of the territory along the border and an uninterrupted strip from Manbij to the Iraqi border.
——
2:20 p.m.
A Syrian monitoring group and the media arm of al-Qaida-linked militants are reporting intense airstrikes on a rebel-held stronghold in Syria's northwest.
The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reported more than 35 airstrikes on Saraqeb since late Friday, adding that many of its residents are fleeing.
The Ibaa News Agency of the al-Qaida-linked Levant Liberation Committee, said Russian and Syrian warplanes and helicopter gunships have been pounding Saraqeb and Tel Mardeekh village in Idlib province since the early hours of Saturday.
Syrian government forces and their allies pushed into Idlib, an opposition stronghold, inching closer to a key highway that connects Syria's two largest cities, Damascus and Aleppo.
The U.N. says more than 270,000 have been displaced in Idlib because of the government onslaught since Dec. 15.
Three hospital workers have been charged and accused of stealing pharmaceutical products from the Hospital Pharmacy as part of an alleged ring to manufacture methamphetamine or ice.
This was confirmed by Police Superintendent and Media Spokesperson, Auapa'au Logoitino Filipo, yesterday.
The employees face charges of theft as a servant.
“They are now in the custody of the Police and will appear in Court sometime this month,” Auapaau said.
The three workers join another woman who was charged earlier this week.
“The woman in her 40's has also been criminally charged with receiving stolen property,” said Auapa'au.
“That is all I can say for now.”
He added that the Police investigation is continuing.
Read more at Samoa Observer
SPRINGFIELD, Ill. — Illinois on Wednesday became the 37th state to ratify the Equal Rights Amendment, putting the country only one state away from a landmark change to the U.S. Constitution guaranteeing equal rights for women.
The historic passage was nearly half a century in the making, and came 38 years after supporters staged hunger strikes and floor sit-ins in a futile attempt to persuade the Illinois Legislature to OK the proposal by what was a congressionally set deadline.
The Illinois House approved the amendment 72-45 Wednesday. The Senate approved it 43-12 in April.
Rep. Lou Lang, the Skokie Democrat who sponsored the proposal, called the vote a historic moment for lawmakers to make a difference for women across the nation.
“Is the Illinois House for or against adding 161 million American citizens to the U.S. Constitution where they absolutely belong?” he asked prior to the vote. “A ‘no' vote is a vote against the right of women in the United States of America.”
The ERA, first proposed in 1972, guarantees equal rights for all citizens regardless of sex. Ratification requires the assent of 38 states, but there's some legal debate over whether it's too late for additional states to join those that acted years earlier.
Illinois was one of 15 states not to ratify before the 1982 deadline. The push to ratify took centre stage once more after Nevada voted to ratify the amendment last year.
Opponents have argued that passing the amendment would give women unrestricted access to abortion, among other things.
While those arguments still persisted this year, many Republicans remained quiet, instead yielding their time to their black colleagues on the other side of the aisle who expressed concerns that the fight for women's rights has largely been championed by white women, many of whom did not consider black women their equal.
“When the women finally got their right to vote, black women did not get our rights,” said Rep. Mary Flowers, a Chicago Democrat. “You want to say something (the ERA language) written in 1923 is going to protect me?”
Other Democrats, many of whom are also black, stressed that ratifying the Equal Rights Amendment is more important than ever in the era of President Donald Trump. Rep. Emanuel “Chris” Welch, a Hillside Democrat, said he is concerned the president could roll back protections against women unless those rights are guaranteed in the Constitution.
“I would rather rely on our U.S. Constitution than Donald Trump,” Welch said.
——
The resolution is SJRCA4 .
——
Follow Sarah Zimmerman at http://www.twitter.com/sarahzimm95
A preliminary necropsy suggests a beluga whale that died recently at Marineland suffered from an intestinal blockage.
In a statement issued Monday, Marineland said the whale, named Gia, died suddenly and initial medical reports indicate a congenital torsion of the small intestine that caused it to twist and become blocked.
The statement says Gia, who was born at Marineland, had appeared to be “happy, healthy and a well-adjusted member of her pod.”
The company said her sudden passing “came as a great shock to everyone.”
Marineland said complete necropsy results will be provided when received.
New Zealand squash players Paul Coll and Joelle King have been seeded second in their respective singles draws for next month's Commonwealth Games.
King is currently ranked seventh in the world but will chase a gold medal in the Gold Coast.
King came away with a bronze medal at the Glasgow Commonwealth Games in 2014.
Turkish police struggled Monday to track down a gunman who attacked New Year's Eve revelers at a popular Istanbul nightclub, killing at least 39 people, most of them foreigners. Close to 70 more were wounded.
The attacker, armed with a long-barreled weapon, killed a policeman and a civilian outside the Reina club around 1:15 a.m. before entering and firing at people partying inside, Istanbul Gov. Vasip Sahin said.
“Unfortunately, (he) rained bullets in a very cruel and merciless way on innocent people who were there to celebrate New Year's and have fun,” Sahin told reporters.
Nearly two-thirds of the people killed were foreigners, many from the Middle East, Turkey's state-run Anadolu Agency said. It said the bodies of 25 foreign nationals killed in the attack would be delivered to their families Monday.
Countries from India to Belgium reported their citizens among the casualties.
An estimated 600 people were celebrating inside the club, which is frequented by famous locals, including singers, actors and sports stars. Several shocked revelers were seen fleeing the scene after the shooting and the music fell silent.
There was no immediate claim of responsibility for what authorities immediately called a terrorist attack. Turkish officials did not comment on the possible identity or motives of the gunman.
The mass shooting followed more than 30 violent acts over the past year in Turkey, which is a member of the NATO alliance and a partner in the U.S.-led coalition fighting against the Islamic State group in Syria and Iraq. The country endured multiple bombings in 2016, including three in Istanbul alone that authorities blamed on IS, a failed coup attempt in July and renewed conflict with Kurdish rebels in the southeast.
President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan vehemently condemned “the terror attack in Istanbul's Ortakoy neighborhood in the first hours of 2017” and offered condolences for those who lost their lives, including the “foreign guests.”
Among the dead were an 18-year-old Israeli woman, three Indians, three Lebanese, a woman with dual French-Tunisian citizenship and her Tunisian husband, two Jordanians, a Belgian national, a Kuwaiti citizen and a Canadian, according to those countries' governments and a diplomat. Jordan's Foreign Ministry earlier said three of its citizens had been killed, but revised that, saying there was confusion over the nationality of one victim.
A U.S. State Department official, who spoke only on condition of anonymity, said one American man was among those wounded. Turkey's minister for family and social policies, Fatma Betul Sayan Kaya, said citizens of Saudi Arabia, Morocco, Lebanon and Libya were among those injured.
Interior Minister Suleyman Soylu said the gunman, who had not been identified, remained at large. “Our security forces have started the necessary operations. God willing, he will be caught in a short period of time,” Soylu said.
Private NTV news channel said the assailant was wearing a Santa Claus outfit when he entered the upscale nightclub on the shore of the Bosporus straight, on the European side of the city — a claim Prime Minister Binali Yildirim denied.
Security camera footage obtained by The Associated Press from Haberturk newspaper shows what appears to be a man dressed in black and carrying a backpack as he shoots down a police officer outside the nightclub. Footage taken by a different camera inside Reina shows a figure wearing different clothes and what could be a Santa Claus hat.
Yildirim said the attacker left a gun at the club and escaped by “taking advantage of the chaos” that ensued. Some customers reportedly jumped into the waters of the Bosporus to escape the attack.
Mehmet Dag, 22, said he was passing by the club when he saw a man shoot at a police officer and a bystander. He said the attacker then targeted security guards, gunning them down and entering the club.
“Once he went in, we don't know what happened. There were gun sounds, and after two minutes the sound of an explosion,” Dag said.
Turkish media said the local victims included a 22-year-old police officer and a 47-year-old travel agent, both of whom were shot outside the club.
One was given a funeral Sunday in Istanbul, where his two sons joined the mourners gathered around the flag-draped casket, the private Dogan news agency reported.
Ayhan Arik, a tourism company employee who had taken foreign guests to the nightclub, was shot in the head, the news agency said.
On Sunday, heavily armed police blocked the snowy street in front of the nightclub. The entrance was covered with blue plastic sheeting below a Turkish flag. Police also patrolled the Asian side of the Bosporus on the other side of the club.
Crime scene investigators were seen inside the nightclub searching through mingled piles of chairs, tables and pieces of clothing left behind during the panic among the guests.
There were emotional scenes in front of a city morgue where the dead were taken for identification. Some relatives cried out and fell to the ground as they apparently learned the fate of their loved ones.
The U.S. Consulate General in Istanbul on Sunday warned American citizens to keep their movements in the city “to an absolute minimum.” A statement reminded U.S. citizens that extremists “are continuing aggressive efforts to conduct attacks in areas where U.S. citizens and expatriates reside or frequent.”
The United States denied reports in Turkish new outlets and on social media that its security agencies knew in advance that the nightclub was at risk of a terror attack. The U.S. Embassy in Ankara said in a statement that “contrary to rumors circulating in social media, the U.S. Government had no information about threats to specific entertainment venues, including the Reina Club.”
Turkey faces a wide spectrum of security threats.
The Islamic State group claims to have cells in the country. Analysts think it was behind suicide bombings last January and March that targeted tourists on Istanbul's iconic Istiklal Street as well as a high-casualty suicide bomb and gun attack at Ataturk Airport in June.
In December, IS released a video purportedly showing the killing of two Turkish soldiers and urged its supporters to “conquer” Istanbul. Turkey's jets regularly bomb the group in the northern Syrian town of Al-Bab. Turkish authorities have not confirmed the authenticity of the video.
Turkey's violent 2016 also reflects the intensification of an armed conflict between the government and Kurdish rebels. Turkey-based Kurdish groups have claimed multiple suicide attacks. The government has said Kurdish affiliates in Syria and Iraq share responsibility.
Complicating matters, Turkey endured a coup attempt July 15, which the government blamed on a U.S-based Islamist cleric. A state of emergency has been in force since then, and authorities have purged key institutions, including the army and police.
The violence has left the nation on edge and kept tourists at bay. In Istanbul, a bustling city bridging Europe and Asia, the toll on the economy is evidenced in the closure of iconic restaurants and lowered hotel prices.
The nightclub attack drew quick condemnation from the West and Russia.
Russian President Vladimir Putin sent a telegram to Turkey's leader, saying that “it is hard to imagine a more cynical crime than killing innocent people during New Year celebrations.”
“However, terrorists don't share moral values. Our common duty is to combat terrorists' aggression,” Putin said.
The White House condemned what it called a “horrific terrorist attack” and offered U.S. help to Turkey. The U.N. Security Council condemned the “heinous and barbaric” assault in the “strongest terms.”
Yildirim, the prime minister, vowed to keep fighting terrorism, adding that “the terror that happens here today may happen in another country in the world tomorrow.”
DALLAS — In their first NHL season, the Vegas Golden Knights are getting big goals from players up and down the roster.
This time, it was David Perron who got them started during a second-period flurry.
Perron, Reilly Smith and Brayden McNabb scored in a span of 3:37 to turn a 1-all tie into a two-goal lead, and Vegas held off the Dallas Stars 5-3 on Saturday night for its fourth straight victory.
“Every night there's someone else stepping up at the right time,” Perron said.
The win came one night after the expansion Golden Knights rallied on Erik Haula's tying goal with 40 seconds left and Smith's shootout winner.
Perron noticed “mostly how much energy we had to use last night trying to come back in the game and then we found a way to win that game. You come in later in the morning, it's almost 3 a.m. when you go to bed.”
The Stars have lost three in a row, all to teams ahead of them in the Western Conference, following a five-game winning streak.
Tyler Seguin and his Dallas teammates took the defeat hard.
“If I look at myself, the last three games against the big dogs, I wasn't big enough,” Seguin said. “I've got to be a lot better.”
Seguin assisted on Jamie Benn's goal that pulled Dallas to 4-3 with 15:44 to play. Maxime Lagace held the Stars scoreless for the final 15:43 and finished with 36 saves.
That time included a two-minute power play and 1:29 with an extra skater after the Stars pulled goalie Ben Bishop, who stopped 34 shots.
“I knew they were gonna buzz,” Lagace said. “They like to look for the tap-ins. I just kept my head on the puck and ended up on my blocker or pads.”
Lagace had played in only one of the previous seven games and could be the odd goalie out for the Golden Knights when Marc-Andre Fleury returns from injury.
“He was outstanding,” Vegas coach Gerard Gallant said about Lagace. “He's just battled hard and played real well. He was the difference maker in the game tonight for sure.”
Perron's power-play goal at 4:58 of the second period broke a 1-all tie and McNabb scored at 8:35 for a 4-2 lead. Alex Tuch had the Golden Knights' first goal in the first period, and Haula scored into an empty net with 42 seconds left.
Goals by Tyler Pitlick in the first period and Jason Spezza tied the game for Dallas. But 45 seconds after Spezza's goal, Smith gave the Golden Knights the lead for good.
“To work hard and just kind of give it away in the next shift is disappointing,” Stars coach Ken Hitchcock said. “It's an extremely disappointing loss.”
McNabb sent a wrist shot in off the crossbar from high in the left circle at 8:35.
“We came out pretty strong in this game,” McNabb said, “and Max played great. He won that game for us.”
NOTES: Vegas won the season series 2-1. … Dallas LW Antoine Roussel returned after missing four games because of illness. … The Stars were 0 for 3 on the power play, dropping to 2 for 42 over the last 13 games. … The Golden Knights were 1 for 2 on the power play after going 1 for 18 in their previous six games. … Haula has scored seven of his 53 career goals in 19 games vs. Dallas. … Benn's goal ended a nine-game drought, his longest since October and November 2016. “It doesn't mean anything if you don't win the game,” he said.
UP NEXT
Golden Knights: Begin a five-game homestand Tuesday against Carolina.
Stars: Open a four-game East Coast trip Monday against the New York Rangers.
——
More AP NHL hockey at https://apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey
Everything you need to know about the FIFA World Cup 2018 Group D matches between Argentina, Croatia, Iceland and Nigeria
Which teams are in World Cup 2018 Group D?
Argentina
Croatia
Iceland
Nigeria
TV and radio coverage: All Group A games are being covered live on TV in the UK by either BBC or ITV. All games are being covered live on the radio in the UK on BBC Radio 5Live and BBC Radio 5Live Sports Extra.
Advertisement
When is Argentina v Iceland being played? Saturday 16th June
What time is kick off? 2pm BST
How can I watch the game live on TV? ITV are showing the game in the UK
Which venue is hosting the game? Otkrytie Arena, Moscow
When is Croatia v Nigeria being played? Saturday 16th June
What time is kick off? 8pm BST
How can I watch the game live on TV? ITV are showing the game in the UK
Which venue is hosting the game? Kaliningrad Stadium, Kaliningrad
When is Argentina v Croatia being played? Thursday 21st June
What time is kick off? 7pm BST
How can I watch the game live on TV? The BBC are showing the game in the UK
Which venue is hosting the game? Nizhny Novgorod Stadium, Nizhny Novgorod
When is Nigeria v Iceland being played? Friday 22nd June
What time is kick off? 4pm BST
How can I watch the game live on TV? The BBC are showing the game in the UK
Which venue is hosting the game? Volgograd Arena, Volgograd
When is Iceland v Croatia being played? Tuesday 26th June
What time is kick off? 7pm BST
How can I watch the game live on TV? The BBC are showing the game in the UK
Which venue is hosting the game? Rostov Arena, Rostov-on-Don
When is Nigeria v Argentina being played? Tuesday 26th June
What time is kick off? 7pm BST
How can I watch the game live on TV? The BBC are showing the game in the UK
Which venue is hosting the game? Krestovsky Stadium, Saint Petersburg
Advertisement
Full World Cup 2018 fixtures by group
Siya Kolisi Is Releasing His Own Underwear Range For Guys Who Want To Be “Loud Down Below”
Captain of the Stormers, starting for the Boks, purveyor of fine jocks?
Siya Kolisi, in conjunction with his mate Tim Whitehead, are launching a range of boxers called Frankees.
Available online from next month, they are apparently aimed at men who want to be “loud down below”. I'm not sure what that means, but Siya spoke to TimesLive about what set the wheels in motion:
“I want to wear a pair of undies that gives the Boys the same support as my team gives me‚ that is comfortable and looks good in any situation on or off the field‚” said Kolisi. “We feel the underwear game in South Africa is pretty bland at the moment and many resort to Australian and Euro markets to get their funky pieces. We want to be loud down below and allow guys the sense of pride in what they wear under their pants.”
Kolisi was hands-on in designing the funky 95% cotton collection‚ which has an African flair along with a retro-1990s waistband. One design will use South Africa's national flower‚ the protea‚ while another incorporates traditional ShweShwe and a playful emoji print.
According to Whitehead, the reaction to their designs have been positive:
“We have received a lot of smiley emojis on social media, they are excited about seeing their men in Frankees,” he said. “We are proud of the designs we have come up with and the quality exceeds all of our expectations.”
The jocks will cost around R200 to R230, and if sales take off there are plans to develop a scholar foundation to help less fortunate children. Given Siya's backstory, which we have covered HERE, we don't doubt him. No word on whether Derick Hougaard plans to dick deep and buy a pair yet…
This post was syndicated from 2oceansvibe.com. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
০ = 0, ১ = 1, ২ = 2, ৩ = 3, ৪ = 4, ৫ = 5, ৬ = 6, ৭ = 7, ৮ = 8, ৯ = 9
্ = See example (Hasant/Viram) ় = * (Nukta) ʼ = ' (Urdhacomma) ঽ = & (Avagrah) ৺ = ~ (Isshar) ৹ = a~ (Bengali ana sign) ৲ = Rs~ (Bengali Rupee sign) ৳ = T~ (Taka sign) । = | (Devanagari danda) ॥ = || (Devanagari double danda) ₹ = Rs (Indian Rupee sign) 卐 = +~ (Swastika sign) Zero Width Joiner = ^ Zero Width Non Joiner = ^^
These symbols will type Bengali characters first but if "~" will be followed, it will remove previously typed Bengali character and then type the symbol.
Symbols & ~ * : ^ | ' have special meaning. You can type this way & = &~ ~ = ~~ * = *~ : = :~ ^ = ^~ | = |~ ' = '~
The English symbols [ ] { } ( ) < > - + / = ; . , " ? ! % \ _ $ @ # translate into the same symbols.
Example নমস্কার can be written by typing "namaskaar"
As per Rule # 3, ligature will be rendered. ZWJ and ZWNJ characters are used to produce alternate rendering of ligature.
A consonant followed by ZWJ character will produce half-formed consonant character.
Example
প্রশ্ন = prashn
প্রশ্‍ন = prash^n
A consonant followed by ZWNJ character will produce dead consonant character.
Example
প্রশ্ন = prashn
প্রশ্‌ন = prash^^n
If two english characters are making one Bengali Vowel (i.e. ai, au), then
ZWJ character is used to separate them into two different vowels. It will not
add ZWJ character but only considered as the separator between two
vowels.
N1.1bn fraud: How intelligence report triggered trial of ex-FCT minister's son – Witness
The former minister's son and four companies linked to his family, are facing a 15-count charge bordering on money laundering
The post N1.1bn fraud: How intelligence report triggered trial of ex-FCT minister's son – Witness appeared first on Premium Times Nigeria.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Premium Times Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Trump Under Investigation by Special Counsel Mueller for Obstruction of Justice
This week in New Music: Millennial rap from Lil Yachty (above), London Grammar are drowned out on their glacial second album, and Sia‘s #EndHIV song hits emotional highs with a video starring Zoe Saldana.
Lil Yachty – Teenage Emotions
19-year-old Atlanta rapper Lil Yachty has been on the receiving end of some serious flak from purists because of his entirely irreverent take on hip hop.
It's understandable when you hear tracks like the 80s-referencing “Bring It Back” – sax solo and all – which you could genuinely imagine on the soundtrack for Top Gun 2.
“Bring It Back” isn't actually a rap though and Teenage Emotions is as genre-busting as the brilliant Blood Orange.
Despite his refreshing millennial take, some listeners might be put off by Lil Yachty's misogyny. A teetotaler, there are scant references to drink and drugs, there are boys kissing on the album cover, but bitches abound.
London Grammar – Truth Is A Beautiful Thing
London Grammar were one of the next-big-things when they appeared unannounced with their 2013 debut album If You Wait.
Four years on and apparently exhausted from constant touring and bouts of stage fright, the trio return with the somewhat overcooked Truth Is A Beautiful Thing.
For the most part, the album can be described as glacial pop – think Sigur Ros meets Lorde. That approach in and of itself is not a bad thing but it runs out of steam pretty quickly. That and the identity crisis – “Big Picture” = 90s U2 – will leave many listeners cold which is a terrible shame as there are some genuinely excellent songs to be had. Strip this back to ten essential songs and release a non-deluxe edition in it's place.
Sia – “Free Me”
The proceeds from Sia's “Free Me” will go to benefit the #EndHiv campaign.
So Thrilled by the world's reaction to our collaboration with these amazing women! #endhiv #FreeMe https://t.co/t5w14hRs1w — #endHIV Campaign (@endhiv) June 9, 2017
A ballad with the levels of emotion you would expect from Sia, the song's context is beautifully highlighted with a video starring Zoe Saldana and Julianne Moore.
After hitting the woman with the aircon remote, she punched her in the face. But now, it seems all has been forgiven.
After hitting the woman with the aircon remote, she punched her in the face. But now, it seems all has been forgiven. John Weekes
A BOARDER whacked her host with an air conditioner remote control and punched her in the face the next morning.
Gympie woman Ayla-Paige Wilks-White was upset after her host, who was also a good friend, accused her of dishonesty.
The 22-year-old approached her friend as she slept and hit her head with the aircon remote.
Brisbane District Court heard the bashing victim and her friend had since reconciled.
The woman who was beaten up even tried to drop charges against her friend but police refused that request.
"The photos demonstrate it was a serious beating,” Judge Tony Moynihan said on Friday.
After the aircon ambush, Wilks-White punched the woman repeatedly around the left eye, Judge Moynihan added.
The commotion happened in a drug-addled environment.
The situation "had all the hallmarks” of ice abuse, Judge Moynihan said.
But the court heard Sunshine Beach State High School graduate Wilks-White had since made efforts to rehabilitate.
"You have expressed remorse. You were using ice and suffered the inevitable consequences of using that destructive drug,” Judge Moynihan told Wilks-White.
A Kandanga employer provided a positive reference for her.
Wilks-White was sentenced to six months jail but released on parole immediately. -NewsRegional
Developed by Maluuba, a Canadian AI firm that Microsoft recently acquired, the AI system relies on reinforcement learning to develop its strategy. Reinforcement learning is an AI training technique wherein the algorithm is rewarded for using more efficient outcomes and dissuaded from using the less effective based on previously observed outcomes. The idea is that, with enough time and tries, the system will eventually figure out on its own what the best course of action will be. This is the same technique that Google used to beat the world's Go champions.
But with sufficiently complex tasks, a simple reinforcement learning system is too slow -- think monkeys on typewriters reproducing the complete works of Shakespeare. So, the Maluuba team split the task into smaller sub-tasks, like avoiding ghosts or getting to a specific pellet within the maze, and gave each to one of 150 parallel neural networks to figure out. The team then installed a master AI on top of that array of networks to direct the swarm's actions and help achieve their common goal of beating the game.
The master AI takes the response of each sub-AI in a given scenario, weights them and then makes a decision for the group. That is, even if half of the sub-AIs are saying "Go right, get that pellet" but a few are saying "No, don't, there's a ghost down that hall" the master AI will defer to the not-dying contingent rather than the pellet-getters. The team has dubbed its unique system a Hybrid Reward Architecture.
The gameplay results speak for themselves but the company hopes to leverage this success to make future AI systems faster, more reliable and more self-sufficient. As the Microsoft Blog points out, this technique could be used by a sales team to figure out which clients need their attention most at any given time throughout the week or even day. It can also be employed to improve natural language recognition systems. But let's see it beat Contra without using the Konami code.
Hernandez making Hartman Arena his boxing home
Close Nico Hernandez throws a left hook against Pat Gutierrez during the first round at Kansas Star Arena in Mulvane. (Mar. 25, 2017) Brian Hayes/File photo
Brian Hayes/File photo Nico Hernandez throws a left hook against Pat Gutierrez during the first round at Kansas Star Arena in Mulvane. (Mar. 25, 2017)
Grant Cohen Advertisement
Close Modal Window Hang on for a minute...we're trying to find some more stories you might like.
Close
Close Modal Window Email This Story Sends email to this address
Enter Your Name
Add a comment here
Verification
Send Email Cancel
Nico Hernandez and his team are making Hartman Arena their new boxing territory.
KO Night Boxing announced that the 2-0 21-year-old fighter's next two fights would take place in Park City's venue. Hernandez, who said he will take up Wichita State's full-ride scholarship offer after his boxing career, will face Francisco “Guerrero” Lapizco on Sept. 23.
The date of the second of fight taking place at Hartman Arena would be announced after Hernandez's match with Lapizco, KO Night Boxing promoter John Anderson said on Thursday.
“[Wichita's] audience supports me and I've got support behind me,” Hernandez said. “Even when I'm in the ring, I see certain people I know, like my family and friends in the crowd. It makes me want to do better and it makes me want to push myself. I definitely don't want to lose in my hometown. I work hard for them.”
Hernandez made his professional debut on March 25 at the Kansas Star Casino Arena in front of more than 3,100 screaming fans, who filled over 90 percent of the arena's capacity. KO Night Boxing moved Hernandez's second professional fight to the larger Hartman Arena for a match against Jose Rodriguez.
Although severe thunderstorms clouded the June 17 night and caused a one-hour delay, almost 2,000 fans cheered Hernandez on in a fourth-round knockout.
“It's a great venue, number one, and it's a venue that Nico can grow in too,” Anderson said. “They handle [around] 6,000 people, so he can grow into this venue. The other thing is it's just Hartman themselves. They've been unbelievable to work with. They really want it to work as well.
“Opposed to it just being an arena and a promoter and a fighter, it's really just a partnership. To me, that's what I was looking for.”
Anderson said he and Hernandez have not considered showcasing upcoming fights at Charles Koch Arena or Intrust Bank Arena, venues that can hold more than 10,000 people. Hernandez's team does not want to go into those type of venues unless the 2016 Olympic Bronze medalist would be competing for a title, according to Anderson.
Having a crowded, smaller venue is “perfect” for Hernandez because it creates an intimidating environment for opponents, Anderson said.
“What you look for when you do an arena like this, I guess you call it a hostile environment. That's kind of what we look for for Nico,” Anderson said. “We want him to feel at home and have that home field. If you have a bunch of echoing going on and a bunch of empty seats, it's not going to feel that way.
“So I think this is the perfect venue right now for Nico. I don't think we could ask for more.”
According to Lewis Hernandez, Nico's father and trainer, the Wichita crowd “fuels” his son's performance. Lewis said that his son is prideful with competing and ultimately winning in front of what he considers home.
“He feeds off the crowd because what he did the Olympics, he saw the support. It wasn't just from boxing fans, it was people in Kansas, period,” said Lewis Hernandez, Nico's father and trainer. “Nico feeds off them and he loves to fight for his family. He knows Wichita is his family.”
While Hernandez has won both of his professional fights by knockout, Lapizco has proven he can stay in rounds. With an 8-5 record, the 22-year-old has not lost by knockout in his professional career.
Hernandez, however, is not worried about his opponent having more experience than him heading into another hometown showcase.
“I know [Lapizco] has more experience than me, but I don't really care though,” Nico Hernandez said. “I have over 100 fights as an amateur, but it is different as a professional. I will say that. I know how to move, I know how to throw hands. It's pretty much the same thing, just a couple of things are different. I'm getting used to it and I'm not worried about it.”
NEW YORK (AP) — The Fox network says it has picked up “Showtime at the Apollo” as a one-hour weekly series set to debut next season. The show will feature as its host Steve Harvey, who presided over two “Apollo” specials earlier this season.
Performers on those specials included John Legend, Ja Rule, Doug E. Fresh, Chaka Khan and Flo Rida.
Along with more guest stars, the upcoming series will feature elements from the Apollo's legendary Amateur Night, the live talent competition now in its 82nd year.
The Apollo Theater launched the careers of legendary artists including James Brown, Stevie Wonder, Lauryn Hill and The Jackson Five.
CBS 2Watch CBS2 News, CBS This Morning, Dr. Phil, Judge Judy, 60 Minutes, NFL football, and your favorite CBS shows. Latest Videos Eye On New York Dining Deals Tony's Table Links & Numbers Station Info & [...]
WCBS 880WCBS Newsradio 880 is one of the tri-state's most trusted sources for news and information. As a market leading news resource since 1967, WCBS reaches millions of listeners each week and boasts one of the [...]
1010 WINS1010 WINS invented all news radio and is the longest-running all news station in the country. For 50 years, 1010 WINS has been a news and information utility for the New York metropolitan area. Famous [...]
WFANAs the world's first 24-hour all-sports radio station, WFAN remains the premier sports talk radio station in the business. Since its debut on July 1, 1987, dozens of stations have copied the all sports format, [...]
WLNYProgram Schedule Channel Guide WLNY TV 10/55 is part of the CBS Television Stations group, a division of CBS Corp. and one of the largest network-owned station groups in the country. Got a nose for [...]
CBS 2Watch CBS2 News, CBS This Morning, Dr. Phil, Judge Judy, 60 Minutes, NFL football, and your favorite CBS shows. Latest Videos Eye On New York Dining Deals Tony's Table Links & Numbers Station Info & Closed Captioning CBS 2 2016-2017 EEO Report Explore CBS 2 Jobs and Internships Connect with us on Facebook and Twitter […]
WCBS 880WCBS Newsradio 880 is one of the tri-state's most trusted sources for news and information. As a market leading news resource since 1967, WCBS reaches millions of listeners each week and boasts one of the largest, most experienced local news teams on the radio in America. Follow @WCBS880 WCBS helps listeners stay ahead of the […]
1010 WINS1010 WINS invented all news radio and is the longest-running all news station in the country. For 50 years, 1010 WINS has been a news and information utility for the New York metropolitan area. Famous around the world for its slogan, “YOU GIVE US 22 MINUTES, WE'LL GIVE YOU THE WORLD,” no other radio station […]
WFANAs the world's first 24-hour all-sports radio station, WFAN remains the premier sports talk radio station in the business. Since its debut on July 1, 1987, dozens of stations have copied the all sports format, but none have achieved the success and the popularity of the FAN. WFAN is the flagship station of four Tri-State […]
WLNYProgram Schedule Channel Guide WLNY TV 10/55 is part of the CBS Television Stations group, a division of CBS Corp. and one of the largest network-owned station groups in the country. Got a nose for news? E-mail us your newstips! Our offices & studios are located at 524 W. 57th St., New York, NY 10019. […]
TORONTO — A Toronto District School Board task force has walked back a proposal to restructure gifted and special education programs, which stoked major concerns among parents and advocates last week.
Many families were alarmed by an initial draft report from a TDSB task force which recommended, in part, that gifted students and students who need “special education” be integrated into regular classrooms.
Teachers would receive special ed and gifted training, and kids would still get the specially tailored learning they need. But, instead of travelling to one of the TDSB schools that offers “congregated” classes of exclusively gifted kids or exclusively special ed kids, the students would be in schools closer to home, mixed into regular stream classes.
In the updated finalized version of the report posted late Friday, the task force — which is dedicated to making the district more accepting, inclusive and fair for low-income, racialized and otherwise marginalized students — changed its gifted and special ed proposal, saying the board should retain congregated classes “while exploring options to include Special Education” at local schools.
Under this new proposal, the board would examine ways in which gifted and special ed programs could be made available at more schools in more communities, so kids with those special needs could access them closer to home.
One of the concerns identified by the board's task force on equity was that students in lower-income areas had to leave their community to go to schools with special programming, leading to a perceived division between “good” schools in affluent areas and “bad schools” in less affluent areas.
TDSB trustees will discuss the finalized report at their meeting on Wednesday, and propose next steps. No final decisions will be made until early 2018.
“There will absolutely be more opportunity for the community to have input before any decisions are made by the board,” the TDSB says on its website.
The TDSB's gifted program is lacking in racial diversity, and needs a total overhaul, said Carl James, a York University professor who specializes in the education of minority students.
“The larger process of getting students identified as gifted will have to be looked at,” James said, adding that black students in particular are less likely to be in gifted programs than their peers.
“We have to look at the extent to which the gifted test might have inherent cultural biases, that might disadvantage some students,” James said.
“There is (also) the extent to which teachers identify some students and even suggest that they be tested for being gifted.”
The prospect of having gifted students integrated in regular-stream classrooms was a major point of concern for parents who said their kids needed special accommodations in special classes to fulfil their academic potential.
Amanda Gotlib, a Grade 10 student in the gifted program at Northern Secondary School, tested as gifted when she was in Grade 4, and entered gifted classes in Grade 7. Her time in the regular-stream classes was hard, Amanda said. She had trouble concentrating, and would take hours to finish even short assignments.
Although regular-stream teachers knew she was gifted and promised to provide her with special accommodations, they didn't really understand her needs, she said.
“I have some techniques I use when I'm trying to listen or focus and a lot of regular-stream teachers don't really get that,” Amanda said. “I often draw. I like to do art and doodling while the lesson is going on.”
The term “gifted” gives people the false impression that kids like Amanda are effortlessly brilliant, said Amanda's mother Gail Agensky. The reality is their brains work differently from other kids' and they have different learning styles. They may not fit in socially with their peers, and often struggle with regular school work.
Placing gifted students in classes with only other gifted students takes away many of the anxieties and misunderstandings, Agensky added.
Cuts to special ed programs across the province have already resulted in many kids with learning disabilities, behavioural issues and other education needs being placed in regular classrooms, said Katharine Buchan, educational material co-ordinator with Autism Ontario.
“With the right supports, every student typically could be integrated into a regular classroom, but for high needs students or some students with autism that's not always the answer,” Buchan said.
There are longstanding concerns about the burden placed on teachers by putting kids with special ed needs in regular-stream classes, said Andy Lomnicki, president of the Elementary Teachers' Federation of Ontario's Toronto chapter.
“There's nothing wrong with applying the lens of equity, but it can distort what you're looking at and how you're trying to fix (equity problems),” Lomnicki said.
“An equitable lens could say that every student (should be) in the same classroom, but that doesn't necessarily mean it is serving their needs, or their parents needs, or the other kids in the classroom's needs, or the teacher's needs.”
Everything you need to know about the FIFA World Cup 2018 Group G matches between England, Belgium, Panama and Tunisia
Which teams are in World Cup 2018 Group G?
England
Belgium
Panama
Tunisia
TV and radio coverage: All Group A games are being covered live on TV in the UK by either BBC or ITV. All games are being covered live on the radio in the UK on BBC Radio 5Live and BBC Radio 5Live Sports Extra.
Advertisement
When is Belgium v Panama being played? Monday 18th June
What time is kick off? 4pm BST
How can I watch the game live on TV? The BBC are showing the game in the UK
Which venue is hosting the game? Fisht Olympic Stadium, Sochi
When is England v Tunisia being played? Monday 18th June
What time is kick off? 7pm BST
How can I watch the game live on TV? The BBC are showing the game in the UK
Which venue is hosting the game? Volgograd Arena, Volgograd
When is Belgium v Tunisia being played? Saturday 23rd June
What time is kick off? 1pm BST
How can I watch the game live on TV? The BBC are showing the game in the UK
Which venue is hosting the game? Otkrytie Arena, Moscow
When is England v Panama being played? Sunday 24th June
What time is kick off? 1pm BST
How can I watch the game live on TV? The BBC are showing the game in the UK
Which venue is hosting the game? Nizhny Novgorod Stadium, Nizhny Novgorod
When is England v Belgium being played? Thursday 28th June
What time is kick off? 7pm BST
How can I watch the game live on TV? ITV are showing the game in the UK
Which venue is hosting the game? Kaliningrad Stadium, Kaliningrad
When is Panama v Tunisia being played? Thursday 28th June
What time is kick off? 7pm BST
How can I watch the game live on TV? The BBC are showing the game in the UK
Which venue is hosting the game? Mordovia Arena, Saransk
Advertisement
Full World Cup 2018 fixtures by group
You've got a brand-new MacBook or iMac, so it's time to spruce up that desktop background with something other than the stock Apple photos.
The good news is that it's not hard to change the background on your Mac computer. Whether you want to switch to a favorite new photo, put up a dazzling image you found online, or rotate between a collection of your favorite backgrounds, we can show you how to change the background on a Mac the easy way.
Changing your background to another image
This option is for those of you who recently downloaded an image online or from a similar source and want to make it your background. It's quick and simple, here's how to get started:
Step 1: Exit out or downsize any windows on your screen so your Mac is focused on the desktop. In the upper left corner you will see the option to choose and open the Finder window. If you don't already have a Finder window open, start one by choosing this option or using a keyboard shortcut.
Step 2: In the Finder window, search for the image that you want to use for your background. Make special note of what the image was called when you downloaded it, or just search your most recently downloaded images to find it. Make sure that it is the correct image. If you have saved the image to your desktop, the file icon should be visible out there as well, if you want to save a little time.
Step 3: Right-click on the image to show the dropdown menu of everything you can do with it. Toward the bottom of this menu, you should see an option to Set Desktop Picture. Choose this, and this image should automatically be moved to your background. This gives you an opportunity to immediately see how it looks and if the resolution is acceptable.
Changing your background to a specific photo
Suppose you have a specific photo that you or a friend took, that you want to use for your Mac background. Here's how to do it quickly!
Step 1: Make sure the photo is imported into your Mac Photos app. This may have happened automatically, depending on how your devices are set up. Open your Photos app (you can find it in Applications in the menu bar) and find the photo that you want to use as a background.
Step 2: Right-click the photo that you want to use, and select Share. This will create a secondary menu of the places you can share the photo, and at the bottom you will find an option to Set Desktop Picture. Choose this.
Note: Photos also makes it easy to assign photos to specific screens if you have multiple monitors. Just drag the Photos app window to the monitor that you want equip with that background as you are working.
Advanced option: Set your background to rotate images
Can you just not make up your mind about the best image to use? Do you have a lot of favorites and like to switch a lot? It's easy to set your Mac up to automatically switch between images, although it takes a bit more work. Here's how to do it.
Step 1: Using the Finder, create a new folder and call it something easy like “Background Images.” Copy all the images that you really want to use as backgrounds, and paste them into this folder. Add any new images or photos that you also want to use as backgrounds. Anything you want for your background needs to be in this folder.
Step 2: Head to the menu bar and open up System Preferences, which you can find under the Apple menu in the top left corner of the screen. Once there, look for the icon for Desktop & Screen Saver and open it up. Make sure you are on the desktop tab and not the screensaver tab.
Step 3: In the select-an-image menu on the left, you should see a small plus and minus sign at the bottom. Select the plus sign, which will allow you upload a folder from your Mac. Choose the folder where your images have been collected, and add it.
Step 4: At the bottom of the window you will see an option to Change picture. Make sure this option is checked and that your folder is the source selected. You can then choose how often you want the desktop background to change. Choose something that works for you – we like changing the image once a day so every morning is something different, but if you want more of a slideshow feel, you can cut that down by a lot. You can also choose whether pictures are chosen randomly from the folder, or if they change in order.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Police in Merton have launched an urgent appeal to trace the parents or carers of a little girl they found alone in Mitcham today (Friday, January 2).
The child was found this afternoon and has told officers her name is Anayah and that she is three years old.
The youngster has curly black hair, dark brown eyes and was found wearing pink bows in her hair and a black top.
(Image: Met Police)
An appeal to trace her loved ones, shared on the Merton Police Facebook page at 5.59pm, reads: "This three-year-old child was found without parents/carers in Mitcham.
"We urgently need to reunite her with family. She says her name is Anayah.
"Does anyone recognise her?"
Anyone with information about the identity or whereabouts of Anayah's carers or parents is asked to call police on 101 quoting reference number CAD 5428.
MILTON TWP., Ohio (WYTV) – The Ohio State Highway Patrol said two workers riding on the back of a roadway painter truck were taken to the hospital after crashing with a semi Wednesday afternoon.
The accident happened just before 3 p.m. on Interstate 76 in Milton Township.
Investigators said the Freightliner semi-truck was traveling eastbound in the left lane of 76.
The painter truck, driven by 58-year-old Rafael Solis, of Cleveland, was also heading eastbound on the entrance ramp to 76 from State Route 534.
Highway Patrol said the painter truck entered the highway, going across the right lane and into the semi's lane.
The semi hit the painter truck, which had two workers — 31-year-old Michael J. Saar and 22-year-old Jakob M. Saar — standing on its rear platform. Both men were taken to St. Elizabeth's Hospital with injuries.
The driver of the semi, 60-year-old Donald Sloan, of Missouri, was also taken to the hospital.
Highway Patrol is still investigating the crash.
NEW MIDDLETOWN, Ohio (WYTV) – McDonald freshman Zach Rasile scored a game-high 29 points Tuesday to help the Blue Devils win, 78-68 at Springfield High School.
Rasile hit 7 three pointers and went 2-2 from the foul line. McDonald trailed the entire first half, and went into the break down, 35-31. But the Blue Devils used full court pressure to mount the comeback in the second half.
Dylan Portolese scored 17 points, while Braedon Poole added 13.
Springfield (14-5) was led by Jake Ford with 18 points. Frank Centofanti had 14 points and Shane Eynon added 12.
McDonald enters the week ranked number one in the latest Division IV AP Poll. With the win, the Blue Devils improve to 20-1 on the season.
"I'VE shot (them) ... they're dead on the front lawn."
These cold, calm and chilling words were among the last heard by Gympie woman Christina White, spoken by her friend of 27 years Quinn Patterson after he shot and killed two women in New Zealand on July 26.
Speaking with Sam Hurley of the New Zealand Weekend Herald, Ms White has spoken about the conversation she had with Patterson, who phoned her shortly after killing property manager Wendy Campbell and her daughter Natanya, and wounding contractor Jeff Pipe.
It is understood she may have been the last person to speak with Patterson before his home on Mount Tiger Rd, Whangarei went up in flames following a firefight with police.
Ms White, 66, was called by Patterson shortly after the Campbells were killed after they entered the Northland property for what was supposed to be a routine property inspection.
Calling just after 10.50am, Patterson told her: "They're dead on the front lawn. I told them, they wouldn't leave me alone, they kept harassing me - I told them I'd shoot them. I have."
Ms White told the Weekend Herald she had never heard him so calm before.
"He said, 'you're my last phone call, I'm ringing you to tell you I love you and I'm saying goodbye'," she said.
While Patterson said he would not survive the day, he did not mention he would burn his own home down and kill himself.
She said his final words to her were "I can hear the sirens, the police are coming, I've got to go".
The Weekend Herald report they posed a series of questions to police about White and Patterson's relationship, but police said while the investigation continued they were unable to answer specific questions which may be relevant to ongoing inquiries.
However, Ms White said she was interviewed by Queensland Police for about two hours on Thursday on behalf of their New Zealand counterparts.
Patterson, 55, was a man who learned to be a criminal during a stint in prison for stabbing a police officer, White said, and who, in his final years and months, descended into a psychotic siege-like state of mind.
She first met Patterson in Australia in 1990, before the couple moved to New Zealand in 1993, living in several places around Whangarei - including briefly at another house on Mount Tiger Rd.
As Ms White grew to know him more she learned about his "crazy upbringing".
"[His family] believed in aliens and it was, you know, doomsday preppers ... There was always the little grey men who were going to come and sort everything out. Quinn believed in all this, he was brought up with it," she said.
Ms White said Patterson also had alcohol and drug addictions but was "worse" when he was not using.
She left him in about 2010, moving back to Australia to be with her family as Patterson's "psychotic episodes" increased. But the pair stayed in near daily contact with each other.
"He enjoyed his cars, we used to play cards and games, we bush walked, we travelled, we went down to the South Island and travelled around there for a bit, but then he started to get really psycho and I thought 'this is the time for me to leave'," she said.
Patterson's badly burned remains were recovered from the charred wreck of his rented home.
It is still unclear exactly how he died.
The Gympie Times reached out to Ms White for comment, but did not receive a response.
OMNISPORT
Cristiano Ronaldo's moment of madness in Real Madrid's 3-1 Supercopa de Espana first-leg victory over Barcelona on Sunday earned him a five-match ban.
The Portugal star learned his fate on Monday, having escaped a lengthier sanction following his shove on the referee after a late red card, as rules state he could have been suspended for up to 12 games.
With their leading man set to begin the season on the sidelines, we take a look at how Madrid's campaign could be affected by Ronaldo's absence.
Cristiano Ronaldo has been banned for five matches (4+1). He'll miss 2nd leg at Bernabeu and Deportivo, Valencia, Levante & R.Sociedad games pic.twitter.com/gbTL55Eg7v — Nacho García (@nachogarciad) August 14, 2017
August 16: Barcelona (home), Supercopa de Espana second leg
Having scored at Camp Nou to help Madrid take a two-goal cushion into the return leg, Ronaldo will have to hope his team can finish the job without him on Wednesday.
The red card alone – awarded for two yellows after a shirtless celebration was followed by an apparent dive – ensured he would miss this one, with the extra four games dished out as a result of the push on official Ricardo de Burgos Bengoetxea.
Zinedine Zidane's bid to build on his promising early record in Clasico encounters as a coach will be put to the test, with Ronaldo having also netted in the Frenchman's maiden derby outing in the dugout.
August 20: Deportivo La Coruna (away), LaLiga
This is arguably a match that should not concern Madrid, given that they won 6-2 at the Riazor last season while Ronaldo was afforded a rest.
However, given that two of the goalscorers that day – James Rodriguez and Alvaro Morata – are no longer at the club, Zidane could face a more difficult task when it comes to building the attack just four days on from the Supercopa second leg.
Deportivo have strengthened well in the market, bringing in Guilherme from Udinese, Fabian Schar from Hoffenheim and securing shrewd loan deals for Adrian Lopez and Zakaria Bakkali, while there remains the possibility that Lucas Perez will return to the club from Arsenal.
History is certainly against them – they haven't beaten Madrid since August 2008 – but a shock is certainly not out of the question.
August 27: Valencia (home), LaLiga
Valencia were Madrid's penultimate opponents at home last season and it took an 86th-minute winner from Marcelo on that day to seal all three points, after Ronaldo had opened the scoring and then missed a penalty.
Marcelino's side had an encouraging pre-season and there is at last a sense of renewed optimism at Mestalla after years of club mismanagement and significant unrest among players and fans.
This would have been a good early test of Madrid's title credentials even with Ronaldo involved; without him, it looks like a difficult task.
September 9: Levante (home), LaLiga
Valencia's neighbours Levante are Madrid's first opponents following the international break and are, on paper at least, a much more straightfoward challenge.
Having won promotion last term, Juan Ramon Lopez Muniz's side face a tough start to life back in the top flight, with home games against Villarreal and Depor preceding trips to the Santiago Bernabeu and Mestalla.
Injuries and fatigue following the international matches will always be a concern, but Zidane is unlikely to have too many worries about a side Madrid have beaten nine times in a row.
September 17: Real Sociedad (away), LaLiga
San Sebastian is never an easy place for visitors to claim three points – something Barcelona know only too well – but Madrid's record against the Basque side is extremely strong.
Sociedad have only beaten them once since 2004 and lost both matches 3-0 last season, with Ronaldo only scoring one of Madrid's six goals.
Pre-season has not gone well for Eusebio Sacristan's side, either, and if results do not improve as LaLiga gets underway, they will likely fear the worst when Madrid come calling.
MONTREAL — A Montreal suburb has adopted a bylaw that bans all smoking in public places in what is believed to be a first in Canada.
Hampstead city council adopted the legislation Monday night by a vote of five to two.
It prohibits tobacco or marijuana smoking on municipal property, including sidewalks and streets.
It should take effect within a week or so.
The Canadian Cancer Society said earlier this month that Hampstead, Que., would become the first municipality in the country to ban smoking in public if the bylaw were enacted.
The bylaw does not prohibit electronic cigarettes or smoking in cars in the town of 7,000 residents.
Mayor William Steinberg has said the law would protect people's health and send a strong anti-smoking message.
SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 24, 2018--Nigeria has stepped up its fight against cancer with the launch of its National Cancer Control Plan 2018-2022. During the inaugural event, BVGH presented AAI and its alliance with the Nigerian government to address the rapidly rising burden of cancer in the country.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005441/en/
Professor Isaac Adewole, Honorable Minister of Health, Nigeria, commemorates the launch of Nigeria's National Cancer Control Plan in Abuja, Nigeria, April 13, 2018. Left to right: Dr. David Atuwo, National Cancer Control Coordinator, Ministry of Health, Nigeria; Professor Francis Durosinmi-Etti, Radiation Oncologist and Pioneer Medical Director of National Hospital, Abuja, Nigeria; Dr. Zainab Bagudu, Founder and Chairman, Medicaid Cancer Foundation, and First Lady, Kebbi State, Nigeria; Dr. J.A.F. Momoh, Chief Medical Director, National Hospital Abuja, Nigeria; Professor Adewole (in front); Ms. Jennifer Dent, President, BIO Ventures for Global Health (BVGH), USA; Mr. Tony Isama, Special Advisor to the President of the Senate, Bukola Saraki, Nigeria. (Photo: Business Wire)
Professor Isaac Adewole, Nigeria's Minister of Health and oncologist, introduced the National Cancer Control Plan (NCCP) and highlighted AAI's activities in Nigeria in his keynote speech at the event. “The Federal Ministry of Health is deeply committed to the provision of high quality healthcare for all Nigerians,” said Adewole. “When it comes to cancer we have a great sense of urgency to take action and prevent unnecessary suffering and death. The NCCP outlines key goals which include improving access to quality, cost effective and equitable diagnostic and treatment services and ensuring access and availability of drugs for cancer patients. BVGH is playing an important role in these efforts through its unique approach with AAI and its work with key hospitals in Nigeria to coordinate the delivery of essential drugs, technologies, and training.”
AAI—led by BVGH in partnership with the African Organization for Research and Training in Cancer (AORTIC); the International Federation of Pharmaceutical Manufacturers & Associations (IFPMA)/Access Accelerated; Pfizer, Inc.; and Takeda Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.—focuses on expanding access to cancer medicines and technologies, improving healthcare infrastructure, and building clinical and research capacity in Africa, where cancer now claims more lives than malaria. In its first phase, AAI is working with the governments of Nigeria and four other African countries (Cameroon, Côte d'Ivoire, Kenya, and Rwanda) that have made cancer control a national priority.
BVGH President Jennifer Dent described AAI's work in Nigeria during the NCCP launch event. “AAI is driven by Africa, for Africa, and so it is critical to understand each country's oncology priorities, capabilities, and gaps. We have completed comprehensive needs assessments of eight Nigerian hospitals to capture information on cancer patient populations; staffing; diagnostic, treatment, and research capacity; and medication access, with eight additional assessments underway,” said Dent. “The goal is to design and build sustainable access to cancer treatments.”
Dent added that “future AAI efforts in Nigeria will be guided by the NCCP and the needs assessment findings. We invite pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies with strategic interests in oncology and Africa to join us in improving access to their products in Nigeria and other AAI countries through sustainable business and pricing agreements and participation in our African Consortium for Cancer Clinical Trials (AC 3 T) program.”
For additional media coverage of the NCCP launch and AAI activities in Nigeria, please visit , , and .
About BIO Ventures for Global Health (BVGH)
BIO Ventures for Global Health (BVGH) is a non-profit organization working at the crossroads of the private and public sectors to advance research and improve health. BVGH connects people, resources, and ideas across biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies, governments, and non-profits to solve global health issues. For more information about BVGH, please visit http://www.bvgh.org.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005441/en/
CONTACT: BVGH
Jennifer Dent
President
1-206-732-2131 (office)
1-650-228-4375 (cell)
jdent@bvgh.org
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA NIGERIA AFRICA WASHINGTON
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: HEALTH BIOTECHNOLOGY HOSPITALS ONCOLOGY PHARMACEUTICAL OTHER SCIENCE SCIENCE
SOURCE: BIO Ventures for Global Health
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/24/2018 05:00 AM/DISC: 04/24/2018 05:01 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005441/en
Having centuries of experience appealing to customers, tobacco companies know how to play the marketing game. They use beautiful people, social appeal, and celebrities to draw attention. Sadly, people are still caving into the allure, and women specifically are suffering the harmful consequences of smoking.
Worldwide, 1 out of every 10 people die because of habitual smoking, according to a new Global Burden of Diseases report. In 2015, about 1 billion people smoked on a daily basis, and over 6 million died from tobacco-related causes that year.
Although many smokers downplay tobacco's harmful effects, the research shows otherwise. According to the report's author, one of the biggest causes of early death and health complications is smoking, a preventable malady.
In this same report, researchers found that 1 in every 20 women smoke every day, despite warnings that it can severely affect their health. In the United States alone, over 20 million women smoke, and the majority of these female smokers are teens and young women.
Smoking Risks for Women
If you're a woman who smokes, you cannot deny the science. Both men and women have increased risks for cancer, lung disease, and other breathing complications. In fact, smoking increases the risk for nearly all illnesses and causes more deaths than illegal drugs, guns, or traffic accidents.
In addition to these usual risks, women will also experience a variety of other health problems. No matter what people think, women do smoke habitually, and this habit does wreak havoc on their health.
Pregnancy
One area of a woman's life that smoking touches is pregnancy. Smoking is known to cause major pregnancy complications, including low birth weight, preterm delivery, miscarriage, stillbirth, and Sudden Infant Death Syndrome.
If the woman smokes during pregnancy, the baby may have lung problems and go through withdrawal during the crucial first days of life.
At the same time, women who smoke have a harder time getting pregnant in general. Studies show that smokers have a 60 percent increased risk of infertility, and women smokers go through menopause several years earlier than non-smoking women.
Heart Disease
Women also have a higher risk for developing heart disease than men, especially if they smoke. Smoking damages blood cells in the body and actually causes plaque buildup in the arteries.
Once the plaque builds up enough, it severely restricts blood flow and leads to heart attacks. In addition, women who smoke and use contraceptive pills raise their chances for heart disease even further.
Bone Loss
Smoking is also linked to reducing bone density in women. This habit combined with their tendency to a poor diet, low physical activity, and alcohol consumption all increase the risk of thinning out the bone.
Breast and Cervical Cancer
While smoking raises the risk for all types of cancer, women especially run a higher risk for breast and cervical cancer. In the case of cervical cancer, smoking can damage cervical cells that women need to fight off infection. If they cannot fight the infection, they open up the possibility for a variety of problems, including cervical cancer.
For breast cancer patients, those who smoke risk dying from the cancer by as much as 75 percent. Their bodies simply cannot process the chemicals from cigarettes and fight off cancer effectively.
Female smokers need to understand the reality of this practice. Smoking will not give them a better social status, make them more beautiful, or improve their physical and emotional well-being. It will lead to health problems, more depression, and a nasty addiction that will cost them their lives. Instead, they should find a better way to vent emotions or improve social status and give up smoking for good.
This article first appeared on AskDrManny.com.
Dr. Manny Alvarez serves as Fox News Channel's senior managing health editor. He also serves as chairman of the department of obstetrics/gynecology and reproductive science at Hackensack University Medical Center in New Jersey. Click here for more information on Dr. Manny's work with Hackensack University Medical Center. Visit AskDrManny.com for more.
play videoThe AM Show airs on weekdays from 6am – 9am
Watch Multi TV's magazine show on the JoyNews channel, the AM Show.
The show is a blend of entertainment, lifestyle, sports, business, news and current affairs segments.
This holiday edition of the programme sees show host Roland Walker engage a fitness expert on ways to stay fit in 2017.
A battling performance by Sunderland earned a 2-2 draw against Liverpool – and a number of players stood out for the Wearsiders.
After an insipid performance against Burnley on New Year's Eve, this was a fantastic effort by the Black Cats. Here's how they rated:
SUNDERLAND 4-4-2
Vito Mannone: After a disappointing return at Burnley, the Italian was in top form with a string of good saves in both halves. 8
Donald Love: Came back into side for suspended Billy Jones and played his part of fine defensive effort. 7
John O'Shea: No problems with his central defensive partner after their howler at Turf Moor, good game. 7
Papy Djilobodji: Same as John O'Shea. Unfortunate his flick on fell to Mane to score. 7
Patrick van Aanholt: Made bright start and carried it on, got forward nicely. 7
Fabio Borini: Had a great chance after Mignolet had saved from Defoe and again in second half. 6
Jack Rodwell: Fine return after two-month absence, had good shot saved my Mignolet. 6
Didier Ndong: First venture into opposition box this season won a penalty. Good in both halves of field. 6
Seb Larsson: Picked on left of midfield and a good and this time disciplined display. Late free-kick won pen. 6
Adnan Januzaj: A number of fouls on him went unpunished, but lively, played nice ball in for Ndong pen and throughball for Defoe which Mignolet saved. Subbed late on. 7
Jermain Defoe: Two great penalties into the bottom corner. Also missed with a gilt-edged 1v1 with Mignolet in first half. 8
Subs
Javier Manquillo (for Rodwell 64): Did well in midfield. 6
Wahbi Khazri (for Januzaj 79) : Nice to see Tunisian get a late cameo
Unused Subs: Mika, George Honeyman, Elliott Embleton, Josh Maja, Michael Ledger
Goal: Defoe pen 24, pen 84
Booked: Rodwell 8, Larsson 51
LIVERPOOL 4-3-3
Mignolet 6
Clyne 6
Lovren 6
Klavan 6
Milner 6 (Moreno 46)
Wijnaldum 6 (Origi 73)
Lallana 7
Can 6
Mané 7
Firmino 7
Sturridge 7 (Leiva 80)
Unused Subs
Karius
Stewart
Ejaria
Alexander-Arnold
Goals: Sturridge 19, Mane 72
Booked: Milner 30, Mane 83
Referee: Anthony Taylor. Couple of harsh yellows and missed blatant Liverpool handball, otherwise a good game. 6
Attendance: 46,494
Reekado Banks Slams DJ Xclusive: “You Messed Up Big Time Bro” (See Why)
Mavin Act, Reekado Banks is not happy with DJ Xclusive at the moment. The problem here seems to be that DJ Xclusive recorded a song with Reekado Banks only to take his part out, as Mr Eazi and Flavour made the cut for the new single “As e dey hot”. This didn't go down with …
The post Reekado Banks Slams DJ Xclusive: “You Messed Up Big Time Bro” (See Why) appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA.
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
BARRIE POLICE SERVICE
On Friday, December 8th, 2017 shortly after 4:00pm a male was captured approaching the front door of a house located in the Mapleton Avenue and Essa Road area of the City of Barrie. The male appears to drape a black and red jacket or sweatshirt over a box recently delivered to the front porch and is seen carrying it from the property. Another person was seen waiting for the male on street, watching as the theft occurred. The box contained a quantity of assorted scarves from Old Navy valued at over $100.00. Surveillance video captured the male on a security doorbell camera.
Description
Male, white
Thin build
Wearing light grey washed jeans, winter “Raptors” toque and carrying a grey and black backpack
Police are continuing their investigation at this time and wish for anyone who may have information to please contact PC C Reid of the Barrie Police Service at 705-725-7025 ext. 2666 or email at creid@barriepolice.ca. Any information can be provided anonymously to Crime Stoppers at 1-800-222-TIPS or leave an anonymous tip online at www.tipsubmit.com.
Barrie Police Service is investigating a blatant theft that occurred on Sunday, December 3rd, 2017 shortly after noon at Loblaws located at 472 Bayfield Street in the City of Barrie. The male was seen on surveillance video selecting a case of 24 Carling Ice beer and placing it in a cart. He proceeded directly past the cash registers and attended the Customer Service desk to make a small purchase before exiting without paying for the beer. He was last seen walking to the rear of the building and taking a walking path coming out on Kozlov Street. Description:
Male, white
Approximately 200-230lbs
Short brown hair
Wearing a black jacket and a black “Hurley” baseball hat
Police are continuing their investigation at this time and wish for anyone who may have information to please contact PC E Savoie of the Barrie Police Service at 705-725-7025 ext. 2555 or email at esavoie@barriepolice.ca. Any information can be provided anonymously to Crime Stoppers at 1-800-222-TIPS or leave an anonymous tip online at www.tipsubmit.com
COLLINGWOOD & THE BLUE MOUNTAIN OPP
Officers from the Collingwood and The Blue Mountains detachment of the Ontario Provincial Police (OPP) are investigating a break and enter which took place at a store in Collingwood and are asking for the public's assistance in solving this crime. The break-in took place sometime overnight from December 8 to December 9 at The Source store located at 99 Balsam Street in Collingwood. Suspect(s) gained entry into the store and stole a number of video gaming consoles, tablets and various electronics, the exact amount and descriptions are not known at this time. If you have any information on this crime, please contact the Collingwood/The Blue Mountains O.P.P. at (705) 445-4321 or Call Crime Stoppers at 1-800-222-TIPS (1-800-222-8477) or submit your information online at www.crimestopperssdm.com or www.crimestoppersgb.ca. Crime Stoppers does not subscribe to call display, you will remain anonymous. Being anonymous, you will not testify in court and your information may lead to a cash reward of up to $2,000.00.
Officers from the Collingwood and The Blue Mountains detachment of the Ontario Provincial Police (OPP) are investigating a break and enter which took place at a residence in The Blue Mountains and are asking for the public's assistance in solving this crime. The break-in took place at a residence on St-Moritz Crescent in The Blue Mountains sometime between November 26 and December 8 where suspect(s) gained entry into the dwelling and stole a number of bottles of liquor and wine, two Apple Televisions, Onkyo stereo system, Nintendo Wii, Sony Playstation 1 and Playstation 3 gaming consoles and DVD movies.
BRACEBRIDGE OPP
Bracebridge Ontario Provincial Police (OPP) officers responded to a call from management at the Walmart in Bracebridge on Sunday, December 10, 2017 at 9:15 p.m. after two men stole items from the store and then fled in a U-Haul van when confronted. Officers were able to locate the vehicle and suspects at a rest stop on Highway 11 North in Bracebridge and after a short struggle, both men were placed under arrest and have been charged with Theft Under $5000, Possession of Property Obtained by Crime, Possession of Break In Instruments, Resist Peace Officer, Possession of Schedule I Substance (Cocaine) for the Purpose of Trafficking, and Possession of Schedule I Substance. The accused parties will appear in Bail Court in the Ontario Court of Justice in Bracebridge on December 11, 2017 to answer to their charges.
Former Mossad chief Tamir Pardo spoke in an interview about a clash between himself and Israeli Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu several years ago.
In the interview, which will be aired Thursday night on the "Uvda" show, Pardo said that seven years ago, Netanyahu ordered Israel's defense system to prepare for an attack on Iran's nuclear facilities in a way which would allow an attack within fifteen days of the order being given.
According to Pardo, "This is not something that you're allowed to do, and to use it as an exercise. Meaning, if someone did this, there would be two purposes: The first purpose would be that this is his intention, and the second would be to send a signal. Someone outside will hear about it. It could be that someone from the US heard about it in some way or other, and that made him do something. But when it comes to these things, you need to believe in people, these are your captains. So when he tells you to start a countdown, you understand that he's not playing around, these things have enormous meaning."
Pardo also said that he consulted with legal experts in an effort to understand who is allowed to give such an order, and if Netanyahu had the authority to give it.
"I made as many inquiries as I could," he said. "I asked the previous Mossad chief...I asked legal experts. I asked everyone I could find to ask, in order to understand who has the authority to give orders on any issue which would start a war."
"At the end of the day, if I receive an order, and if I receive an order from the Prime Minister, then I am supposed to carry it out. I need to be sure that if, G-d forbid, something goes wrong, or if the action fails, there won't be a situation in which I did something illegal."
He also noted that he considered resigning from his position after Netanyahu gave the order, since he believed it to be a very problematic order.
"When the diplomats give an order, you have two options," Pardo said. "One option is to carry it out, and another option is to hand in the keys. It's good that I didn't have to make that decision....though I did think of it."
In the end, the operation was canceled, after the Prime Minister accepted the opinion of top defense officials, who strongly opposed it.
MOOSE, WY-Grand Teton National Park is developing an environmental assessment to address existing and future telecommunications services within developed areas of the park to meet mission critical park operations, safety and emergency services, and visitor information needs and expectations. Public comments regarding the document are encouraged and requested by July 14, 2017.
The purpose of the assessment is to analyze the impact of potential design and locations of telecommunication proposals received from providers to date, appropriateness of facilities, and any telecommunication infrastructure needs the park anticipates within the next 20 years and more.
The proposal includes installation of a fiber optic cable network and wireless telecommunications facilities at strategic developed locations within the park and potentially connecting to Yellowstone National Park's south entrance. The focus would be on developed areas in the park that currently support critical operations and/or see a high volume of park visitors. Examples of these areas include Moose, South Jenny Lake, Jackson Lake Lodge, Signal Mountain, Colter Bay, and Flagg Ranch. A scoping newsletter contains more information about the proposed project and is available at https://parkplanning.nps.gov/telecommunications.
During the scoping period for this environmental assessment, the National Park Service seeks input from the public on relevant issues, potential alternatives, concerns, opportunities, or topics that should be addressed during the planning effort. Additional opportunities for public involvement will also be provided later in the planning process.
Comments on the telecommunications plan are encouraged to be submitted online at https://parkplanning.nps.gov/telecommunications, or can be mailed to the park.
Diamondbacks pitcher Robbie Ray discusses his role in a 4-2 victory over the Dodgers.
More FOX Sports Arizona Videos D-backs dedicate Paul Goldschmidt Field in Goodyear Hot Air: Juuust a bit outside Pop quiz: How well do the D-backs know Torey Lovullo? 2017 D-backs Opening Day introductions WATCH: Madison Bumgarner makes history D-backs Opening Day time lapse More FOX Sports Arizona Videos
TORONTO — Wednesday's scheduled console release of the video game “Death Road to Canada” has been delayed due to Monday's horrific van attack in Toronto.
London-based Ukiyo Publishing says it has put the game's release on hold because of the rampage that killed 10 pedestrians and injured 14 others.
“We feel it would be deeply inappropriate to launch the game at such a time,” Paul Hann, managing director of Ukiyo Publishing, said Tuesday in a statement.
“We would like to express our deepest condolences to everyone affected by the tragic events in Toronto.”
Hann added “that releasing a game with this name two days later would have been insensitive for those directly and indirectly involved in the event.”
“Death Road to Canada” players “have to manage a car full of jerks as they explore cities, find weird people, and face up to 500 zombies at once,” says the website.
In some scenes, seen in a Ukiyo YouTube video, a van and other vehicles plough through hordes of zombies.
Players also have to attack zombies using various weapons in the middle of the road and on sidewalks, among other places.
Rocketcat Games developed the game for PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and Nintendo Switch.
Ukiyo says the game will remain unchanged between now and its new release date, which hasn't been determined.
The publisher is working with the platform holders on a suitable release date.
On Monday afternoon, a man allegedly drove a van down a busy stretch of sidewalk on Yonge Street in Toronto's north end.
Alek Minassian, 25, of Richmond Hill, Ont., was apprehended by police without incident. He is charged with 10 counts of first-degree murder and 13 counts of attempted murder.
Kansas City wants to move the ball down the field and score points, of course, but even more so than that, it doesn't want to make mistakes.
It didn't this year — the Chiefs had only 17 giveaways this season.
But that formula hasn't been all that successful in the playoffs for Kansas City in recent years — the Chiefs have lacked a gamebreaking player that keeps defenses honest and fans in their seats when Alex Smith has the ball.
They have that player now.
Tyreek Hill might be only 5-foot-10 and weigh 185 pounds, but he is game-changing fast, and whether it's on punts, kickoffs, or as a receiver, he demands the full and undivided attention of every team he faces.
Hill had 12 touchdowns this year, nine coming on offense, and the Chiefs surely have a few more tricks up their sleeve to get him into open space this postseason.
The addition of Hill to the fold creates an electricity to a steady-as-she goes offense where the tight end is the team's best receiver. (To be fair, Travis Kelce can create a bit of electricity, too, but doesn't that say it all?)
Combining low mistakes and high potential is a winning formula, and one that will have defensive coordinators thinking twice about overlooking Kansas City's attack.
Getty Images
Black Lives Matter Gets Blacks Killed
Black lives must not matter to Black Lives Matter. Otherwise, this pernicious moonbat faction would shut up and go away before it gets more blacks killed:
Former Chicago Superintendent of Police Garry McCarthy said Sunday that the Black Lives Matter movement was ultimately responsible for rising crimes rates in his city and nationally because it was making it harder for police to do their jobs. … “What is happening is — and this is ironic — that a movement with the goal of saving black lives is at this point is getting black lives taken because 80 percent of our murder victims here in Chicago are male blacks,” McCarthy told New York radio talk show host John Catsimatidis.
The goal of Black Lives Matter is not to save black lives. It is to advance cultural Marxism by further alienating blacks and playing them off against society as a whole. The results have been what you would expect:
Crime has soared in Chicago in the last year, with 3,500 reported shootings in the city and the murder rate topping 750. That is the highest number in two decades and a 58 percent increase over the previous year. McCarthy said that there was a direct connection between that rising crime rate and the movement. “There has been a political atmosphere of anti-police sentiment that has swept across this country over the last few years. The simplest way to describe it is that we have created an environment where we have emboldened criminals and we are hamstringing the police. That is creating a state of lawlessness.”
Legitimizing and even glorifying noncompliance with the police does not save the lives of black hoodlums. On the contrary, it creates more martyrs to fuel the movement.
Expendable pawns.
On a tip from Bodhisattva. Cross-posted at Moonbattery.
Tottenham Hotspur are ready to sell star striker Harry Kane to Real Madrid for €200m (£176m), according to Spanish newspaper Mundo Deportivo.
The report claims Spurs chairman Daniel Levy has informed Los Blancos that he ready to do the deal, on the condition that the deal is done quickly and negotiations run smoothly.
Levy is said to be keen to avoid a drawn out transfer saga that runs throughout the summer transfer window and has told Madrid he will only do the deal if they match his asking price with minimal fuss.
A return to White Hart Lane for Gareth Bale as part of the deal is touted as a possibility, but Spurs' strict wage structure and the Welshman's mammoth salary at the Bernabeu are likely to be insurmountable stumbling blocks.
England international Kane, aged 24, would leave Spurs, where he came through the youth ranks, with head coach Mauricio Pochettino's blessing, the article claims.
Pochettino is said to understand Kane may need to move to another club to fulfil his ambitions.
FILE - In this March 4, 2017, file photo, Texas guard Andrew Jones dribbles the ball during the second half of an NCAA college basketball game against Baylor, in Austin, Texas. Texas announced, Wednesday, Jan. 10, 2018, that sophomore guard Andrew Jones has leukemia and has started treatment. Jones was the Longhorns leading scorer before he was sidelined by a broken wrist. He played sparingly in his return after complaining of low energy and was sent for tests. (AP Photo/Michael Thomas, File)
AUSTIN, Texas (AP) -- The family of Texas basketball star Andrew Jones says he is making ''positive strides'' in his leukemia treatment.
The sophomore guard was diagnosed in January and is at the University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center in Houston.
The family says in a statement Saturday that Jones recently was able to get out of bed, a ''huge difference'' from when he was first diagnosed.
Jones considered going to NBA after his freshman season but returned to Texas. He was the team's leading scorer when sidelined for several games with a wrist fracture. He was diagnosed with leukemia after complaining of always feeling tired. His last game was Jan. 1 against Iowa State.
A fundraising website set up by the school to support Jones' family has raised more than $150,000.
Chimamanda will lead women to ‘hell'
Who made Chimamanda Adichie the supremo of feminism? Who made her the feminist papal? How did she become the feminist potentate? By asking Hilary Clinton, former US presidential candidate, why her Twitter bio starts with “wife', Chimamanda has not only intruded into the personal business of Clinton, but also scorned a key principle of feminism […]
The post Chimamanda will lead women to ‘hell' appeared first on The Herald Nigeria Newspaper.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The Herald Nigeria Newspaper. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
(AP Photo/Pablo Martinez Monsivais). Chicago Cubs' Anthony Rizzo hits a single off Washington Nationals starting pitcher Stephen Strasburg to score teammate Kris Bryant in the sixth inning in Game 1 of baseball's National League Division Series, at Nat...
(AP Photo/Pablo Martinez Monsivais). Chicago Cubs starting pitcher Kyle Hendricks throws against the Washington Nationals in the first inning of Game 1 of baseball's National League Division Series, at Nationals Park, Friday, Oct. 6, 2017, in Washington.
By HOWARD FENDRICHAP Sports Writer
WASHINGTON (AP) - Relying on precision rather than power, Kyle Hendricks pitched the Chicago Cubs to another winning start in October.
Hendricks outdueled Stephen Strasburg on the mound, and the Cubs opened defense of their first World Series title in 108 years by beating the Washington Nationals 3-0 Friday in Game 1 of their NL Division Series.
Kris Bryant and Anthony Rizzo produced RBI singles in the sixth inning for the first two hits off an otherwise-dominant Strasburg. Hendricks was even better, giving up only two singles in seven strong innings.
"He's unbelievable. The confidence - the quiet confidence he brings to the field - it wears on people," Rizzo said. "Things don't faze him."
Rizzo added an RBI double off reliever Ryan Madson in the eighth. Carl Edwards Jr. threw a perfect inning and Wade Davis finished the two-hitter for a save.
Game 2 in the best-of-five series is Saturday, with Jon Lester set to start for the Cubs against fellow left-hander Gio Gonzalez.
Chicago also began last year's postseason run with a shutout, beating San Francisco 1-0 behind Lester.
Strasburg didn't allow a hit until there were two outs in the sixth. Javier Baez reached on third baseman Anthony Rendon's error to start the inning and was sacrificed to second by Hendricks. One out later, Bryant drove in the first run with a single to right-center and went to second when Bryce Harper missed the cutoff man.
The next batter, Rizzo, singled to right in front of a diving Harper to make it 2-0.
With a heavy beard and a lot of sweat on a muggy, 77-degree night, Strasburg dialed up his fastball to 97 mph and mixed in an unhittable changeup. To cheers of "Let's go, Strasburg!" from many in a sellout crowd of 43,898, he struck out 10 to set a playoff record for the Expos-Nationals franchise.
"Some of the best stuff I've ever seen," Rizzo said.
In only his second postseason appearance - remember the shutdown of 2012 and the arm injury of 2016? - the righty showed precisely the sort of power and poise that made him the No. 1 pick in baseball's amateur draft. Until the sixth inning, that is. That's when everything changed in a matter of minutes.
Until then, the Cubs managed only one baserunner, and that was via a walk. But Baez led off with a bouncer that Rendon gloved, then bobbled while trying to transfer it to his throwing hand. It was Rendon's first error since July 22; he made only seven in 145 regular-season games.
After Hendricks' bunt moved Baez to second, 2016 NL MVP Bryant lined Strasburg's 60th pitch, a four-seam fastball, to right-center for the game's first run. Harper's throw was high, and Bryant went to second. Two pitches later, on another fastball, Rizzo sent a sinking shot to right, where Harper came up just short of a diving catch, and suddenly it was 2-0.
As pitching coach Mike Maddux came out for a mound visit with Strasburg, Rizzo whooped it up at the bag, high-fiving first base coach Brandon Hyde.
Strasburg wound up allowing just those two unearned runs in seven innings, with three hits and one walk.
"We waited him out and we took advantage of opportunities," Rizzo said.
Hendricks went about things differently - his best fastball is about 10 mph slower than Strasburg's - but was every bit as good. The slender righty from Dartmouth, who led the NL in ERA last season, did not give up a hit after the second inning. He walked three batters and struck out six.
In the Washington ninth, Ryan Zimmerman was called out when catcher Willson Contreras' throw hit the player in the back as he ran to first on a dropped third strike.
While the Cubs are no longer the "Lovable Losers" after last year's championship, the Nationals were the NL East champions for the fourth time in six seasons but have yet to win a playoff series.
Their undoing in the past has often been poor hitting and bad relief pitching, and it was the former that was most glaring this time.
Yes, Harper - wearing shoes with "Pray for Las Vegas" written on the side following the recent mass shooting in his hometown - did single in the first inning, but was 0 for 3 in his other at-bats as he tries to regain his timing after returning recently from a long injury layoff. Rendon, Zimmerman, Daniel Murphy, Trea Turner and Jayson Werth were a combined 0 for 17 with three walks.
SUSPENSION
Less than a half-hour before the game, the Nationals announced that assistant hitting coach Jacque Jones has been suspended with pay pending an internal investigation. The team said the suspension is connected to a legal matter. The 42-year-old Jones retired as a player in 2008 after 10 years with four teams.
SCALISE'S PITCH
House Majority Whip Steve Scalise threw out the ceremonial first pitch, less than four months after the Louisiana Republican was shot while practicing for an annual charity baseball game featuring members of Congress. Scalise returned to the House last week.
UP NEXT
Cubs: Lester makes the 20th postseason start of his career, which includes three World Series titles and an NLCS MVP award last year. He is 9-7 with a 2.63 ERA over his postseason career.
Nationals: Gonzalez goes in Game 2 instead of two-time Cy Young Award winner Max Scherzer, who is slated for Game 3 at Wrigley Field on Monday. Scherzer has been dealing with a sore right hamstring. It will be Gonzalez's first playoff start at home since Game 5 of the 2012 NLDS against St. Louis, when he was staked to a 6-0 lead in a game Washington lost 9-7.
___
Follow Howard Fendrich on Twitter at http://twitter.com/HowardFendrich
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Why it matters to you During Telltale's Batman, players may unknowingly be viewing images of an actual death.
Death is a theme often dramatized in entertainment vehicles, but the understanding that it is fake makes it much easier to stomach. In the most recent episode of Telltale Studio's Batman: The Enemy Within, also known as Batman – The Telltale Series: Season 2, however, the game allegedly shows an image of the real body of an assassinated Russian ambassador.
Warning: The photos below contain graphic content. Viewer discretion is advised.
During the second episode, The Pact, an in-game image is meant to show security footage from a recent break-in at the fictional Gotham Brokerage. Within the scene are a couple of bodies, but unlike the background, they appear to be pulled from stock photos.
The episode was only released a few days ago, but eagle-eyed player BroTeamPill (via Eurogamer) recognized the image of the body. The image appears to be a pulled from a photo of Andrei Karlov, a Russian ambassador to Turkey, after he was shot and killed in December 2016. Karlov was hit at point-blank range during the opening of an art exhibit in Ankara.
The killer was a Turkish police officer who deliberately planned the assassination in a camera-filled public setting to ensure it was recorded. Karlov's death was reported all around the world. The photographer who took the images went on to win the top prize at the 2017 World Press Photo contest.
Although the photo is stretched on Bruce Wayne's in-game display, the similarities are evident. It appears that an artist at Telltale may have found the image online and Photoshopped it into the game before checking its source.
Without making any accusations about Telltale's use of the photo, this isn't the first time in-game imagery has caused an issue. In a much less graphic mistake by Naughty Dog, an early Uncharted 4 trailer featured uncredited concept art from Ubisoft's Assassin's Creed IV: Black Flag. After acknowledging its error, Naughty Dog took the trailer down and re-uploaded it with a new image. Even when one artist makes a mistake, it can easily be overlooked during playtesting.
We have reached out to Telltale Studios for confirmation or a statement about the image, but have yet to hear back. The article will be updated accordingly with the studio's response.
SEATTLE — Former Washington coach Lorenzo Romar says it will be “weird” walking into the Huskies' home gym as the opponent for the first time.
He'll go to the visitors' locker room and not the coaches' offices. He'll sit on the bench at the opposite end of the floor he patrolled for 15 seasons as the head coach at his alma mater. The student section directly behind him — once affectionately called “Romarville” — will be chanting and berating the opposing team he helps coach.
Perhaps most difficult for Romar, now an assistant for No. 9 Arizona, will be watching players he recruited facing off against the Wildcats.
“It's not going to be easy to go back there,” Romar said in a phone interview this week. “The No. 1 thing is we're fighting for a conference championship and that's the No. 1 focus.
“Those guys are like your sons that you're competing against. The ‘Dawg Pack,' we were teammates. Who knows what they're going to do. It's just going to be weird.”
Romar was 298-196 in his career at Washington since arriving in 2002. There were three Sweet 16 appearances and two outright conference titles. But six straight years of missing the NCAA tournament finally became Romar's downfall. He was fired last March after going 9-22.
Romar was responsible for reinvigorating a downtrodden program and developing the Huskies into a perennial Pac-12 contender with a long list of NBA talent shuffling through the program.
Romar was a beloved figure at Washington, for his winning ways and demeanour.
“People will be happy to see him. I think this city misses him and I know a couple of us do,” Washington guard Matisse Thybulle said. “He was loved around here. But at the end of the day, it's about basketball.”
Romar was out of work just a few weeks before Arizona coach Sean Miller called him. Romar considered head coaching jobs in other locations, assistant jobs and working in television. Romar's preference was to not take a job in the Pac-12 so he could avoid matchups with Washington. But when Miller beckoned, Romar realized this was the right job.
“Sean called me two weeks after I was fired and during those two weeks, you don't have a job and you're thinking you may not have a job,” Romar said. “I didn't like that. I didn't like sitting around. So this situation here at Arizona made the most sense.”
Romar said the transition from head coach to an assistant again — for the first time since the 1995-96 season — has been seamless. And he insisted while there may be a brief opportunity to visit with old friends between practice, film preparation and perhaps a little recruiting — this trip back is all business.
Chris Pratt, Zoe Saldana and Josh Brolin praised the importance of the Marvel films.
Stars of Avengers: Infinity War have defended superhero films against snobbery from their Hollywood peers.
Chris Pratt, Zoe Saldana and Josh Brolin praised the power of the Marvel Cinematic Universe.
Their comments came after Saldana spoke out against “elitists” who accuse the cast of “selling out” with the films.
View photos Zoe Saldana criticised ‘elitists' (Ian West/PA) More
Pratt told the Press Association in Los Angeles on Saturday he wants to remain in the films as Star-Lord for the foreseeable future ahead of the release of the 19th movie in the 10-year-old franchise.
“The times I feel the very best in my soul is when I can use the fact I'm a superhero and I can go and cheer up some sick kids,” he said.
“I can show up in a young innocent kid's life who may be terminally ill, I can help raise money for a great cause, I think the platform and the opportunity to use the powers that superheroes have over the imaginations of kids has been the most rewarding for me.”
Gamora actress Saldana said the snobbery is “insulting” to the cast and the crew and called for awards organisers to pay more attention to the genre.
“A younger audience deserves entertaining but they also deserve inspiration and strong messages of hope and dreams and a great sense of justice,” she said.
“Sometimes what are considered high-quality films that are for awards seasons overlook a younger audience, so I'm happy and honoured to fill in that space.”
Brolin, who plays Thanos, said actors “totally” turn their noses up at such roles and praised his co-stars for creating a “paradigm shift” to show the significance of the films.
He described the latest film as “one of the great imaginative trips I've ever been on” and praised the franchise for inspiring young minds.
Londoners Paul Bettany and Letitia Wright praised the films for taking on thought-provoking subject matter in an entertaining fashion.
Vision actor Bettany said: “(2016's Captain America: Civil War) talks about whether a superpower should be able to unilaterally enter another country. That's a large thing to talk about in a popcorn movie.”
View photos Black Panter's Letitia Wright is among the stars in the latest Marvel film (Matt Crossick/PA) More
Wright, the break-out star who plays Shuri in Black Panther, added: “We get to have fun and put out entertaining movies but throw subject matters in there that we can really think about as a society and really make us reflect on ourselves.”
Avengers: Infinity War, also starring Robert Downey Jr, Scarlett Johansson and Benedict Cumberbatch, is out in UK cinemas on Thursday.
There was a spate of burglaries in Thetford last week, with three addresses being targetted.
Jewellery was stolen from a property in Collingwood Way, which was broken into between 4.30pm and 6.30pm on Thursday, December 7.
Another property, in Jubilee Close, was also broken into between 10.30am and 5.45pm on the same day but it is believed that nothing was taken.
Anyone with any information about either of these incidents should contact DC Alex Gilmour at Thetford CID on 101.
The third incident occurred some time between 9am on Thursday, December 7 and 7.30am on Friday, December 8, when a property in Hawthorn Way was broken into. It is not yet known if anything was stolen.
Anyone with information should contact DC Ellie Knul at Thetford CID on 101.
Alternatively, contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 for any of the three incidents.
PHOENIX — A Texas school district has placed advertisements on Phoenix billboards in an attempt to recruit Arizona teachers to a city with higher pay.
The Fort Worth Independent School District has rented five digital billboards in Phoenix that advertise a starting teacher salary of $52,000. The billboards went live on Monday and will stay up for a month.
The Fort Worth district is targeting veteran teachers looking for a change as well recent graduates seeking their first teaching job, said Clint Bond, a district spokesman. The district, which serves about 86,000 students and has more than 10,000 employees, has up to 800 job openings.
The district is looking for teachers in both Oklahoma and Arizona, the sites of recent statewide protests over teacher pay. Arizona lawmakers approved a plan to hike teacher salaries after a six-day walkout by educators that shut down most schools statewide. The teachers' effort secured a 20 per cent pay raise over three years from lawmakers and Republican Gov. Doug Ducey.
“That was the kind of passion, the kind of commitment, the kind of dedication to students we were looking for,” Bond said.
Arizona was once a state that offered competitive salaries, drawing in teachers from outside the state, Arizona Education Association Vice-President Marisol Garcia told KPNX-TV.
“We are losing and bleeding teachers to places like Fort Worth,” Garcia said.
An offer of higher pay outside the state might be too good pass off, Garcia said.
“It might be a big chance to make money for your family,” Garcia said.
In a statement from the governor office, a spokesperson said the state is working to retain teachers and districts are beginning to approve teacher raises.
“It's no surprise Texas is after our teachers. They are the best in the country. Gov. Ducey wants to do everything we can to keep great teachers here in the state of Arizona,” the governor's office said.
The Fremont police are investigating a fatal crash that killed one in Sandusky County on Wednesday.
The occurred on State Route 412 at County Road 294 around 8 a.m.
Patricia Likes-Slempa, 53, of Clyde was driving south on County Road 294 approaching the intersection at State Route 412.
Lori Prosser, 47, of Sandusky was traveling west on State Route 412 when Likes-Slempa failed to yield at the intersection.
Prosser struck Likes-Slempa on the driver's side door, causing both vehicles to run off the side of the road.
Likes-Slempa was partially ejected from the vehicle due to the impact of the crash, even though she was wearing a seatbelt.
She was transported to St. Vincent's Hospital where she was later pronounced dead.
Prosser was taken to Firelands Hospital with serious injuries.
She was also wearing a seatbelt.
Alcohol does not appear to be a factor in the crash.
The crash is under investigation.
Follow WTOL:
Download our app here.
Copyright 2017 WTOL. All rights reserved.
COLUMBIANA, Ohio (WYTV) – A lucky fourth grader from Columbiana will have her design on an Ohio Department of Transportation plow this winter.
Madeline Huber's “A Charlie Brown Christmas” won the contest at Joshua Dixon Elementary in Columbiana.
This is the third year in a row that the school has had the contest.
Staff voted to pick the winner, and the rest of Madeline's fourth-grade classmates helped to paint the plow.
You'll soon be able to see the plow on the streets and in the city's parade.
Canadian expert says his analytics company helped Trump campaign capitalize on private Facebook info
Canadian whistleblower Christopher Wylie is at the centre of an international scandal that allegedly helped the Trump campaign capitalize politically from private Facebook information. (The Canadian Press)
The federal privacy watchdog says he's concerned about the possibility that the personal information of Facebook users was harvested for political purposes.
Privacy Commissioner Daniel Therrien says his office will contact Facebook to find out whether the personal information of Canadians was affected by a major data leak involving the global social media platform.
A Canadian data expert named Christopher Wylie has exposed the breach in media interviews, saying he helped found a data analytics company that helped the Trump campaign capitalize politically on private Facebook information.
READ MORE: Canadian internet users looking more beyond Google and Facebook, report says
In a statement today, Therrien says his office has also offered to assist an investigation into the matter already launched by the U.K. information commissioner's office.
Therrien says his ultimate goal is to ensure that the privacy rights of Canadian Facebook users are protected.
Reports by The New York Times and The Observer of London say U.S. President Donald Trump's 2016 campaign hired data-analytics company Cambridge Analytica to collect private information from the Facebook profiles of more than 50 million users.
“Recent media reports regarding the use of personal information posted on Facebook for political purposes raise serious privacy concerns,” Therrien said in the statement.
“Our office will be reaching out to Facebook to seek information regarding whether Canadians' personal information was affected by the issues raised in those reports. That will help us determine possible next steps.”
The Canadian Press
A senior Walton Verona High School who was hit by a car and critically hurt three weeks ago has died, according to the Hamilton County Coroner's Office.
Hunter Donovan, 17, was pronounced dead Sunday at University of Cincinnati Medical Center, a coroner's report shows.
Air Care flew the Walton teen from the accident scene at Mary Grubbs Highway and Town Center Boulevard in Boone County to UC hospital on Nov. 15, sheriff's officials said.
The teen was attempting to cross the road when a westbound 2005 GMC Envoy in the left lane struck him as the traffic light was green, officials with the Boone County Sheriff's Office have said.
The 51-year-old female driver of the GMC was not hurt.
She stopped, talked with authorities and cooperated with the investigation, sheriff's officials said at the time.
No charges have been filed.
"Our investigators from the Accident Reconstruction Unit are still continuing to work the case reviewing statements, roadway evidence, video, etc. and will continue to do so until we reach our final conclusion, however, charges are not anticipated in the matter," said Lt. Chris Hall with the sheriff's office.
Copyright 2017 WXIX. All rights reserved.
Share
Anker Innovations' Soundcore has been renamed to Soundcore by Anker, a small title change that comes with big new technologies — and a slew of new and noteworthy products.
Launched in 2014, the Soundcore imprint has quickly grown to be one of the best-selling audio brands on websites like Amazon and in retail stores like Walmart. In 2018, the company looks to expand its lineup with over a dozen new speakers and wireless headphones, aiming to create even more affordable but high-fidelity products for consumers.
“From the beginning, Soundcore has resonated with customers for delivering great audio at an affordable price,” Anker Innovations' CEO Steven Yang said in a press release. “In 2018, we will challenge the basic idea that consumers need to pay premium prices for premium sound and quality.”
A brand-new set of active noise-canceling headphones called the Space NC are at the top of Soundcore by Anker's new lineup, an elegant looking set of over-ear headphones that looks to rival much more expensive products from a reasonable $100-per-pair perch in the market. The Space NC will offer a respectable 20 hours of wireless playback time and 50 hours of wired playback time with noise-canceling on and will be made available in May.
Also coming to consumers are two new technologies from the company. The first, called BassUp, is a special new piece of digital signal procession technology that is able to boost the low-end of a set of headphones or speakers without it distorting at high volumes — a problem faced by many speakers and headphones with DSP-boosted bass.
The company has also announced what it calls SweatGuard technology, which is a proprietary coating that is meant to protect against the corrosive sweat that plagues many workout headphones.
The company has announced numerous new sets of headphones that will include SweatGuard coatings, but the most exciting of them is a new fully wireless set of earbuds it calls the Liberty Lite. The company's first cordless earphones, the Liberty Lite will feature the coating, and will offer 3.5 hours of battery life on a charge, a portable charging case with 12 hours of battery life, and will feature Bluetooth 5.0 for what should be an excellent connection. The best part of the Liberty Lite will be the price: At $69 per pair, we are excited to see how this new Soundcore by Anker product performs once we can get our hands on them.
For more information about the various other speakers and headphones being released as part of the rebranding effort, we recommend you check out the company's website.
The Redskins will face eight teams from the NFC West and AFC West along with an away trip to face the New Orleans Saints and hosting the Minnesota Vikings once again.
With the 2016 NFL regular season schedule officially over, the Washington Redskins now know all 16 of their games for the upcoming season.
The Redskins next year will, of course, face the NFC East for home and away matchups just like they do every season, but they'll also face both the NFC West and the AFC West.
Washington will travel to the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum for the first time since 1974 and Arrowhead Stadium for the first time since 2005.
Additionally, the Redskins will face the New Orleans Saints and Minnesota Vikings based on their third place finish in the NFC East this season.
Dates and times for the all 16 regular season games – along with the preseason slate — will be released at a later date.
Here's the 2017 season breakdown:
2017 Home Games: Arizona Cardinals, San Francisco 49ers, Denver Broncos, Oakland Raiders, Minnesota Vikings, Dallas Cowboys, Philadelphia Eagles, New York Giants.
Arizona Cardinals, San Francisco 49ers, Denver Broncos, Oakland Raiders, Minnesota Vikings, Dallas Cowboys, Philadelphia Eagles, New York Giants. 2017 Away Games: Los Angeles Rams, Seattle Seahawks, Kansas City Chiefs, San Diego Chargers, New Orleans Saints, Dallas Cowboys, Philadelphia Eagles, New York Giants.
Notes about each opponent:
Home Games
Arizona Cardinals
–All-time history: Washington leads 74-46-2
–Most recent game at FedExField: Sept. 18, 2011, Redskins won 22-21
–Washington opened up FedExField (then Jack Kent Cooke Stadium) with a 19-13 overtime victory over Arizona on Sept. 14, 1997. The Redskins hold an 8-1 record over the Cardinals at FedExField.
San Francisco 49ers
–All-time history: San Francisco leads 20-10-1
–Most recent game at FedExField: Nov. 25, 2013, 49ers won 27-6
–In 2005, the Redskins defeated the 49ers 52-17 at FedExField behind three touchdown passes by Mark Brunell and three touchdown runs from Clinton Portis.
Denver Broncos
–All-time history: Denver leads 7-6
–Most recent game at FedExField: Nov. 15, 2009, Redskins won 27-17
–After trailing 17-14 at halftime of their game in 2009, the Redskins scored 13 unanswered points in the fourth quarter to earn a 27-17 victory.
Oakland Raiders
–All-time history: Oakland leads 8-5
–Most recent game at FedExField: Nov. 20, 2005, Redskins lost 16-13
–The Raiders have appeared at FedExField only once since the stadium opened in 1997.
Minnesota Vikings
–All-time history: Washington leads 13-12
–Most recent game at FedExField: Nov. 13, 2006, Redskins won 26-20
–Washington has won two straight against the Vikings at FedExField.
New York Giants
–All-time history: New York leads 99-66-4
–Most recent game at FedExField: Jan. 1, 2017, Redskins lost 19-10
Philadelphia Eagles
–All-time history: Washington leads 86-73-5
–Most recent game at FedExField: Oct. 16, 2016, Redskins won 27-20
Dallas Cowboys
–All-time history: Dallas leads 68-44-2
–Most recent game at FedExField: Sept. 18, 2016, Redskins lost 27-23
Away Games
Los Angeles Rams
–All-time history: Washington leads 25-23-1
–Most recent game at Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum: Dec. 22, 1974, Redskins won lost 19-10
–During the Rams' first stint at the L.A. Coliseum from 1946-79, Washington won three games against Los Angeles and tied one.
Seattle Seahawks
–All-time history: Washington leads 11-8
–Most recent game at CenturyLink Field: Nov. 27, 2011, Redskins won 23-17
–During Seattle's first season in Seahawks Stadium (now known as CenturyLink Stadium) during the 2002 season, the Redskins defeated the Seahawks 14-3.
Kansas City Chiefs
–All-time history: Kansas City leads 8-1
–Most recent game at Arrowhead Stadium: Oct. 16, 2005, Redskins lost 28-21
— The Redskins' lone win against the Chiefs came on Sept. 18, 1983, when Washington defeated Kansas City 27-12 at RFK Stadium.
San Diego Chargers
–All-time history: Washington leads 7-3
–Most recent game at Qualcomm Stadium: Jan. 3, 2010, Redskins lost 23-20
— Washington opened the series between these two teams on six-game winning streak that spanned from the 1973 season to the 1998 season.
New Orleans Saints
–All-time history: Washington leads 17-8
–Most recent game at Mercedes-Benz Superdome: Sept. 9, 2012, Redskins won 40-32
— The Redskins are 7-1 all-time at the Mercedes-Benz Superdome.
New York Giants
–All-time history: New York leads 99-66-4
–Most recent game at MetLife Stadium: Sept. 25, 2016, Redskins won 29-27
Philadelphia Eagles
–All-time history: Washington leads 86-73-5
–Most recent game at Lincoln Financial Field: Dec. 11, 2016, Redskins won 27-22
Dallas Cowboys
–All-time history: Dallas leads 68-44-2
–Most recent game at AT&T Stadium: Nov. 24, 2016, Redskins lost 31-26
'); StatBanner('btw', bl); } else { show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); } } } function mailru_ads(data, el) { if(data && data.length > 0) { var ban_location = $(el).attr("ntv-loc"); var bl = parseInt(ban_location); if(bl == 3 && typeof b240_callback !== 'undefined') { try { window[b240_callback](); } catch(e) {} } StatBanner('all', bl); } } (MRGtag = window.MRGtag || []).push({ onNoAds:function(resp) { mailru_noAds(resp); }, onAdsLoaded: function(data, el){ mailru_ads(data, el); }, iframeMode: false }); function StatBanner(type, place) { if (type == 'all') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_showed" }); } if (type == 'noAds') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_mailru_error" }); } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_top" }); try { reachGoal('banner_error_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_ntv_showed" }); } if (type == 'btw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_showed" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_showed'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'nobtw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_error" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_error'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4_ntv" }); } } $(function() { var o = document.createElement('vid' + 'eo'); if(isFInst && (!o || !o.canPlayType || !o.canPlayType('video/mp4; codecs="avc1.640029, mp4a.40.2"'))) { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "html5_media_support" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('html5_media_support'); } catch (e) {} } }); // -->
PEMBROKE PARK, Fla. — Florida deputies didn't have far to travel when responding to a car crash because it crashed into a sheriff's office substation.
A Broward Sheriff's Office news release says the crash occurred shortly before noon Monday at the agency's South Broward district office in Pembroke Park.
Deputies say one person was taken to a nearby hospital. The person's name and the extent of their injuries weren't immediately released.
Officials didn't say what caused the crash.
NEW YORK — The Latest on actress charged in NXIVM case (all times local):
6 p.m.
The actress granted bail while fighting charges that she helped recruit women into a cult-like group has left a Brooklyn courthouse.
Allison Mack, best known for playing Superman's friend, walked in silence with her lawyers to a waiting car two blocks away as photographers swarmed.
A federal judge in Brooklyn agreed Tuesday to release Allison Mack on $5 million bond and place her under home detention in California. She'll be living with her parents.
The “Smallville” actress has pleaded not guilty to sex trafficking.
Prosecutors say she helped recruit sex slaves for leader Keith Raniere and his group called NXIVM (NEHK'-see-uhm).
3:30 p.m.
An actress best known for playing a young Superman's friend has been granted bail while fighting charges that she helped recruit women into a cult-like group.
A federal judge in Brooklyn agreed Tuesday to release Allison Mack on $5 million bond and place her under home detention in California. She'll be living with her parents.
She has pleaded not guilty to sex trafficking.
Prosecutors say she worked as a slave “master” and recruited women to a group led by a man who sold himself as a self-improvement guru to the stars.
Mack starred in The CW network's “Smallville,” a show about the early life of Superman that ended in 2011.
Prosecutors say she helped recruit sex slaves for leader Keith Raniere and his group called NXIVM (NEHK'-see-uhm).
Raniere also denies wrongdoing.
Share
You could upload your digital photos to an online service and wait days for the prints to arrive, or just do it at home and get the same results with a photo printer. If you print photos often, a printer offers the instant gratification that outside services can't. Whether it's an inkjet model that can print fine art-quality prints, or a portable unit that is the digital equivalent of a Polaroid, here are our favorite ways to turn our JPEGs into printed matter.
Our pick
Epson PictureMate PM-400
Why should you buy this? For quick photos that rival those printed at drugstores
Who's it for? Casual photographers who want convenience and high-quality prints
How much will it cost? $200
Why we picked the PictureMate PM-400:
If you want to easily print 4 x 6-inch photos for your memory albums or scrapbooks, you can't beat Epson's PictueMate PM-400. Compact and lightweight, you can easily stash it away inside a drawer when it's not needed. It takes approximately 36 seconds to print one 4 x 6, and the high-resolution image quality (5,760 x 1,440 dpi) is superb. The dye-sublimation ink creates vivid, scratch resistant, and smudge proof prints (provided you use Epson's paper, but it will print on non-Epson paper too) – rivaling those from your local drugstore. The PM-400 also supports 3.5 x 5 and 5 x 7-inch prints.
The PM-400 can print photos from your smartphone or tablet too, using the Epson iPrint mobile app, either on the same Wi-Fi network or directly via AirPrint or Android Printing; it also supports peer-to-peer printing with computers via Wi-Fi Direct. A built-in memory card reader and 2.7-inch color LCD allows you to browse and print off an SD card – removing the need to use a computer.
Depending on your usage, the PM-400 may be a bit pricey to maintain, and print sizes are limited when you compare it to a larger inkjet printer. A replacement cartridge costs $33, which has enough yield for 100 4 x 6 prints ($40 a pack). However, the PM-400 is easy to use and portable, and makes some of the best prints we've seen.
Our full review
The best instant photo printer
Fujifilm Instax Share SP-2
Why should you buy this? It brings back the fun of old Polaroid cameras.
Who's it for? Instant camera lovers, nostalgists, impatient shutterbugs
How much will it cost? $150
Why we picked the Instax Share SP-2:
Feeling nostalgic for Polaroid prints? Then you'll enjoy Fujifilm's Instax Share SP-2, a portable photo printer that prints on the same Instax film as the company's wildly popular Instax instant cameras. The Instax SP-2 bridges analog with digital: Using the Instax Share app for iOS or Android, you can make a print in about 10 seconds. Like a Polaroid picture, the image appears on the print after a few seconds (no shaking required).
We find the Instax prints to be very colorful, and with the app, you can text and other graphics to a photo, or just use a Sharpie to write on the blank space of the print.
The app supports printing from Instagram or Facebook, as well as select Fujifilm digital cameras. Refills are on the pricier side, but unlike the analog Instax cameras, you at least get to see what your photo will look like before it prints.
If you're looking for a larger-sized photo, Fujifilm makes the SP-3, a printer that uses the same technology as the SP-2, but prints onto Fujifilm's new square-format film.
Read more here
The best multifunction photo inkjet printer
Canon Pixma TS9020
Why should you buy this? It's versatile and prints quality photos and documents.
Who's it for? Home users looking for an all-in-one photo printer.
How much will it cost? $150
Why we picked the Pixma TS8020:
Many home printers used for outputting homework or tax documents are also capable of printing photos — and some are really good at it, like Canon's new Pixma TS9020. The design is a bit of a departure from its predecessor, the Pixma TS8020. Instead of a rounded-off design, the TS9020 opts for a sharper design with squared edges.
The TS9020 has a large 5-inch color touchscreen that functions as smoothly as a smartphone; you can also use it to browse and print from a memory card or supported digital camera, in lieu of a computer. Speaking of smartphones, the TS9020 is compatible with Canon's Print app for iOS and Android, a vastly improved mobile app than previous Canon attempts. You can print over USB, Wi-Fi, cloud-based services, and NFC. Besides fine art paper, it'll do business cards and optical discs too. Use the scanner to input old photos, restore them on a computer, and print a refreshed copy.
If you're printing photos, the TS9020 is relatively speedy. And because it uses six separate color ink tanks, the TS8020's photo quality is far better than printers that only use one multicolor tank.
Our full review
The best wide-format photo inkjet printer
Epson Expression Photo HD XP-15000
Why should you buy this? Affordable, six-ink wide-format printer.
Who's it for? Photo enthusiasts who want to make gallery-quality prints.
How much will it cost? $325
Why we picked the Epson Expression Photo HD XP-15000:
There's no shortage of great wide-format photo printers on the market. The problem is, most come with a four-digit price tag. Enter Epson's Expression Photo HD XP-15000, a wireless wide-format color printer that can handle borderless prints up to 13 x 19 inches and comes with a price tag of just $325.
As tends to be standard for photo printers, the Expression Photo HD XP-15000 uses more ink than the standard CMYK setup. In addition to cyan, magenta, yellow, and black, Epson added red and gray inks for professional-grade prints. Connectivity includes either USB or Wi-Fi, but it also supports mobile printing like AirPrint and Android Printing, as well as Wi-Fi Direct. There's also duplex (two-sided) printing.
If you want even better photo quality, look at Canon's Pixma Pro (like the Pro-1, and Pro-10) and Epson's SureColor series (like the P600), but you can expect to spend $500 and upward for those models. Which is why we think the IP8720 is a good deal.
The best Zink photo printer
Lifeprint
Why should you buy this? It puts a unique twist on instant photography
Who's it for? Mobile photographers who want to embed some fun in their prints.
How much will it cost? $100
Why we picked the Lifeprint:
Zink is a portable printing technology that doesn't use ink. Instead, it uses thermal paper that contains dye. When heat is applied, the color image appears. In our experience, we find the colors to be a bit off, making them look unrealistic and garish.
Lifeprint is one of the newest Zink printers. Like other Zink printers, Lifeprint works with an app (currently iOS only) that lets you select and print photos from your phone. But it has a few tricks up its sleeve. First, it uses proprietary software to ensure colors are printed properly.
Second, it can print “Hyperphotos,” which embed elements in the photos that trigger a video when viewed in the app. Utilizing augmented reality, simply hold the photo in front of your phone's camera (while running the app), and a short video clip will start playing – what Lifeprint means by “print your videos.” These could be snaps, Instagram or Facebook videos, GoPro footage, animated GIFs, or iOS Live Photos. Lifeprint gives you an extra way to enjoy your photos besides instant gratification.
Refills cost $20 for a 30-pack, but opt for the 110-pack at $50 – it's cheaper and you get more paper.
Note that Lifeprint now comes in a larger-sized printer. It prints on a new 3 x 4.5-inch Zink paper.
Read more here
How we test
To find the best photo printers, in addition to image quality, we factor in criteria such as speed, price, maintenance costs, and any unique features that help them one-up the competition. With their moving parts, we also look at durability.
Our selections are based on our long- and short-term testing; experience with earlier models; familiarity with the companies' technologies; consultation with industry experts, fellow journalists, and users; online forums; lab results; and other third-party reviews. We look across the board – not just our own experiences – to find consensus on what we think are the best-performing cameras you can currently buy. We also look at list pricing to determine if a product is worth the cost, product availability, and future proofing qualities. We will even recommend printers that aren't new, provided the features are still best-in-class.
The printer market evolves constantly, with manufacturers either introducing better models with new features, or basic upgrades. So, you can expect our picks to change, as well. But don't worry: The models you see here will be with you for some time, and if we anticipate there could be better models in the horizon, we will state that upfront to help you decide whether you should buy now or wait.
Which kind of printer is right for you?
What should you look for in a photo printer? That depends on what your needs are. If you want to frame a large print to put on a wall, you may want to consider a single-function, wide-format inkjet printer. If you need a device that can print both photos and documents, a multifunction inkjet printer could be a better fit. If you want to print while on the go, a portable unit might be handier. And, if you shoot a lot on your phone's camera, you may want to look for a unit that supports wireless printing from a phone.
Regardless, your options will most likely revolve around an inkjet, dye-sublimation, or any print technology that's designed to handle photos; laser printers, for example, are not right for the job. (If you rarely print, using an online photo service or the photo kiosks at your local drugstore may be more economical.)
When it comes to photo printers, your options will very likely come from three companies: Canon, Epson, or Hewlett-Packard (HP). However, there are specialty devices like Fujifilm's Instax Share or those that use Zink thermal printing – the latter are more about the fun of sharing, rather than preservation.
Not all color inkjet printers are adept as printing photos. In most cases, budget models that use a single color ink tank will not produce the quality that a machine that uses multiple ink tanks can. Some printers include photo-specific features like special coating that's applied to preserve a photo. And most home printers will support only papers up to 8.5 x 11 (letter) – not an issue if you only want to make small prints. You'll also need to consider the price of ink refills, and how much yield a cartridge would provide before you need to replace it. Of course, prices vary, from less than $100 to more than $500.
For more on what to look for in a printer, check out our Home Printer Buying Guide.
A fan of Belgrano in Argentina has died after an incident where other fans attacked him in the stands.
Emanuel Barbo fell to his death after he was allegedly forced over the railing on Saturday after trying to get away from a group of men attacking him. The incident happened at Belgrano's 1-1 draw with Talleres Cordoba.
Barbo was in a coma for days, but the club confirmed on Monday he died.
“On a very sad day for the sky blue family, Belgrano asks for reflection and peace as we work with authorities to ensure that justice is done for Emanuel,” the club said in a statement.
Disturbing video footage shows Barbo rushing toward the staircase to avoid the men punching him before he falls over the railing.
Balbo's father says his son was attacked by a mob after he faced off with a man that Balbo blamed for killing his brother.
Four arrests have reportedly been made in Barbo's death.
The Argentine federation condemned the violence and vowed to make security forces available to ensure such incidents won't happen again.
Information from the Associated Press was used in this report.
MORE FROM FOX SOCCER
A state-linked Saudi newspaper says the kingdom's prosecutors have asked for the death sentence for a man suspected of being behind an attack on a German diplomatic car.
Medina news website reported Tuesday the Saudi citizen, who was unnamed, has been accused of burning tires to shut down a road in the eastern town of al-Awamiya and shooting at a car carrying German diplomats. The news site did not say when the alleged shooting occurred.
The Saudi Interior Ministry in March 2014 had announced the arrest of Ahmed al-Aradi in connection with an attack that burnt a German diplomatic vehicle in al-Awamiya and a number of other crimes, including robbery.
Al-Awamiya is heavily populated by the kingdom's minority Shiites and has been a flashpoint of anti-government unrest.
U.S. stocks closed sharply lower Friday, handing the Standard & Poor's 500 index its worst week in two years and sending the Dow Jones industrial average down more than 650 points.
Technology, banks and energy stocks accounted for much of the broad slide. Bond yields rose sharply after the government reported the fastest wage growth in eight years, stoking fears of inflation.
On Friday:
The S&P 500 index fell 59.85 points, or 2.1 per cent, to 2,762.13.
The Dow lost 665.75 points, or 2.5 per cent, to 25,520.96.
The Nasdaq slid 144.92 points, or 2 per cent, to 7,240.95.
The Russell 2000 index of smaller-company stocks gave up 32.59 points, or 2.1 per cent, to 1,547.27.
For the week:
The S&P 500 fell 110.74 points, or 3.9 per cent.
The Dow lost 1,095.75 points, or 4.1 per cent.
The Nasdaq slid 264.83 points, or 3.5 per cent.
The Russell 2000 shed 60.79 points, or 3.9 per cent.
For the year:
The S&P 500 is up 88.52 points, or 3.3 per cent.
The Dow is up 801.74 points, 3.2 per cent.
The Nasdaq is up 337.56 points, or 4.9 per cent.
The Russell 2000 is up 11.76 points, or 0.8 per cent.
Please Enjoy Snoop Dogg Narrating That Epic Planet Earth Snake / Iguana Battle [Video]
Unless you live under a rock, or perhaps on Galapagos Island where it was filmed, you've seen the famous Planet Earth snakes versus iguana footage.
What you might not have seen is Snoop Dogg's take on the battle, something viewers of Jimmy Kimmel Live were treated to on Monday evening.
As part of his very popular Plizzanet Earth with Snoop Dogg series, it's time to watch this one unfold:
It's worth noting that a petition to have Snoop narrate an entire series of Planet Earth racked up more than 65 000 signatures last year.
We're good with Sir David for now, but who knows what the future holds.
[source:time]
This post was syndicated from 2oceansvibe.com. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
A former Utah politician was reported missing Saturday after he failed to return from running on a remote trail, police said.
St. George police say that Chad Bennion, 52, left Saturday at around 4 p.m. to run on a trail and was last seen wearing running pants and a white T-shirt. Bennion is a white male, about 5-feet 9-inches tall and weighs 170 pounds, according to Fox 13 Now.
Police say that Bennion is an avid runner who likes to run on remote trails in southern Utah. According to the St. George News, he was out for a run while visiting his family on New Year's Eve.
“When we tried to ping his cell phone it hit a tower on North Bluff,” St. Georges police Lt. Joseph Hartman told the St. George News. “But they couldn't pinpoint it any more accurate than that. It could be within 3, 4, 5 or 10 miles, we don't know.”
Police said his vehicle, a 2002 Oldsmobile Bravada, has not been found. The vehicle's license plate number is X413GX.
#missingperson Chad Bennion. If u have any info please call 435-627-4300 and ref. 16p032570 pic.twitter.com/bvl4qxvKYF — St George Police (@sgcitypubsafety) January 1, 2017
The Salt Lake Tribune reported that Bennion was an elite runner in the 1990s and sought to run for the U.S. Olympic Team in the 1992 Games in Barcelona. He finished 14th in trials.
Bennion had represented several parts of Utah in the state Legislature from 1999 to 2005. He won a Salt Lake County election to become the county's Republican Party chairman in 2013.
Bennion resigned from his position in 2014 after he was charged with six misdemeanor counts of domestic violence in an altercation with his then-wife, who he was about to divorce.
The case was resolved after pleading abeyance to a disorderly conduct count and agreeing to take an anger management class, according to court records. The rest of the charges were dismissed.
Click for more from Fox 13 Now.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Legal action is being taken against Travellers occupying a vacant council-owned plot off Sealand Road in Chester .
Three caravans and associated vehicles are parked up in front of an empty unit in Sovereign Way, next door to the Rybrook Volvo dealership office.
There are no reports of any issues relating to the encampment.
Cheshire West and Chester Council spokesman David Sejrup said welfare assessments had been carried out.
Notices had also been issued directing the Travellers to leave the land within 24 hours but this had expired.
A court hearing is due to take place at Chester Magistrates' Court on Friday (June 16) to enforce the eviction.
NEW YORK — The New York Knicks enter the new year under .500 for the fourth straight season and 12 out of the past 15 seasons, excluding the lockout-shortened 2011-12 campaign.
New York (16-17) will try to get back on track after dropping three straight in a southern road swing when it hosts the Orlando Magic (15-20) Monday at Madison Square Garden. The Knicks defeated the Magic at the Garden, 106-95, on Dec. 22.
The Knicks surrendered at least 100 points in their recent three-game road slide, losing to the Atlanta Hawks (102-98), the New Orleans Pelicans (104-92) and the Houston Rockets (129-122). New York has the sixth-worst defensive rating in the league.
“We have three guys (Carmelo Anthony, Kristaps Porzingis and Derrick Rose) on this team that can score with the best of them. If we can just somehow find a way to build defensively, I think we can really make some noise.”
The Knicks could be without two of them on Monday. Porzingis sat out the loss to the Rockets with an Achilles injury. His condition is day-to-day.
“I don't even know how it happened,” Porzingis told the New York Post. “It's a situation that finally got a little sore from playing I guess. I'm not too worried. Just a little soreness. Keep doing treatments, ice all that stuff. It will go away pretty soon.”
Anthony, who is averaging 21.9 points a game, left the Rockets game with a left knee injury. His status against the Magic is uncertain.
The Knicks could also be without starting guard Courtney Lee, who has missed the last three games with a wrist injury.
If the Knicks want to make a run for a spot in the Eastern Conference playoffs, this is the month to start. New York's first seven opponents in January have a record of at or below .500 and are a combined 31 games under .500.
The Magic dropped a 117-104 decision to the Indiana Pacers on Sunday. Nikola Vucevic led Orlando with 18 points off the bench. Jeff Green and Serge Ibaka each added 17 points.
Ibaka has led the Magic in scoring eight times in the first 35 games of the season. During seven seasons with Oklahoma City, Ibaka led or tied for the team lead in scoring just 10 times.
They could be missing their leading scorer, guard Evan Fournier, who is averaging 17.8 points. Fournier missed his fourth consecutive game on Sunday with a right heel contusion.
Orlando is also struggling defensively. It ranks 17th in the league in defensive rating.
The Pacers shot 50 percent (43 of 86).
“We didn't play a truly tough-minded defensive game,” said Orlando coach Frank Vogel, whose team shot 43.3 percent.
“It started on the basketball on the perimeter. We weren't very good. On the press, we weren't containing the basketball.”
Vogel said his team has had trouble matching up defensively the past few weeks.
“Until that turns around and we change our fortunes there, we're not going to be very good.”
Mélanie Joly is minister of Canadian heritage and master of a dog named Naboo. The Labrador retriever/Bernese mountain dog has shadowed her to Centre Block, restaurants and a meeting with the Prime Minister.
“Je t'aime,” the minister of Canadian heritage tells the dog at their shared ofﬁce one winter evening. He is hazardously cute—his eyes all up in their sockets and paws all plump in their pads—such that Joly can't help but bend beneath the coffee table to haul him up by his warm armpits. “When I'm with Naboo, I can be a normal person,” she says.
Joly has been fostering Naboo since last summer, while he waits to enter training as a service dog. The MIRA Foundation bred the dog to assist a person with visual impairment or autism, and until the dog was old enough for training, Joly co-parented with a friend, commuting between Ottawa and her Montreal riding with 55 lb. of domesticated joy.
Joly and her ministry have faced serial criticism since July, as Canadians denounced her for the logistical mess of a Canada 150 event on Parliament Hill and a controversial tax exemption for Netflix, for which she was ridiculed on the Quebec talk show Toute le monde en parle. After the December break, she slipped straight back into censure as she championed a skating rink on the Hill that was widely declared a waste of $8.1 million.
The dog did not serve as a support animal for Joly, but he did help relieve stress and enforce routine. She must now give the dog back to MIRA, but behind the scenes of the roughest patch of her political life was a bilingual pooch dressed in a chewed-up handkerchief.
“He was there for the last period of question period of the year,” Joly says. “He was there during cabinet,” she adds, though he waited with staff outside the room. “We did an event for Christmas with all the MPs and their spouses. Naboo was there.”
Joly met the dog through her friend Francis Gosselin, a well-known entrepreneur in Montreal's creative community whom she met shortly after losing the Montreal mayoral race. Gosselin has fostered three MIRA dogs, and since he couldn't care for another one alone, he recruited Joly and her spouse, entrepreneur Félix Marzell, who leads a creative agency called Dix au carré. (The dog's birth certiﬁcate reads Naboo 17, named after a planet in Star Wars mixed with his year of birth.)
The foundation covers the cost of food, health care and breeding, and Naboo is worth an estimated $4,475 when he turns one. After evaluation, 40 per cent of dogs is disqualiﬁed from becoming service dogs due to behavioural or other flaws, and if Naboo doesn't pass, Joly would have the option of paying a fraction of the cost to buy him. Gosselin expects she would take it, as she's always been eager for her share of custody.
“Honestly, when I don't give [Naboo] to her fast enough, she calls me up and asks for him right away,” says Gosselin. “At ﬁrst she liked the idea, and now I think it's almost like she can't live without him.”
The dog followed Joly to meetings with teleﬁlm producers in Quebec and has met artist Kent Monkman. “He's been actually to the opera, so he's a very culture-savvy dog,” Joly says. Naboo responds to instructions in both ofﬁcial languages.
Joly isn't the only Liberal member of Parliament raising a future service dog. After Toronto MP James Maloney discussed the idea with his wife, Deirdre, she greeted him at the airport in late January holding a yellow Labrador, Walnut.
“I've never fallen in love so quickly in my life,” says Maloney, who took him to the constituency ofﬁce with a bed and now posts updates on social media titled “the Walnut Weekly.” Maloney says the dog won't be House trained. “I don't want him peeing on the floor of the House of Commons or anything.” The dog is part of the Lions Foundation of Canada Dog Guides. “This dog is going to change somebody's life,” Maloney says.
Naboo helped in Joly's life, for amid the erratic hours of politics, the dog had to be fed at 8 a.m. and 8 p.m. every day, and Joly had to walk him before and after his meals. “It brought a bit more of a discipline and a routine,” she says.
Joly says she's often felt anxious since high school and continues to deal with performance anxiety. She protects non-negotiable gym time to mitigate some of her stress, but pets can be more calming. “It's great to be able to do zootherapy in the Ottawa bubble,” she says. “Animals have that power of being able to get rid of all your anxiety, so when I'm with Naboo, I'm just actually having a normal life.”
To walk him, Joly double-wraps the leash around her hand. “The thing is, he's getting stronger,” she says. “I'm losing him soon,” she said in early February, although the loss had yet to sink in. “I don't really realize it.” From the way he runs beneath the bridge of her legs, it appears he doesn't either.
MORE ABOUT DOGS:
SEBRING, Ohio (WYTV) – The Lady Tigers garner their first victory of the season as Springfield tops Sebring, 61-35. The Tigers jumped out to a 15-6 lead after the first quarter.
Mariah Johnson led Springfield with 14. Haley LaMorticella had 13 while Ella Centofanti tallied 11 and Marlie Applegarth finished with 10 for Springfield.
For Sebring, sophomore Kendra Shields had 8 points in the fourth quarter to close out the game with 12. Olivia Woods was the only other Trojan to score in double figures as she had 10.
Springfield returns home on Thursday to take on Western Reserve as Sebring will welcome Lowellville.
WICHITA, Kan. — A Muslim aerospace engineer has sued the Spirit Boeing Employees Association for religious discrimination stemming from a party at a lake in Wichita, Kansas.
The American Civil Liberties Union filed a federal lawsuit Friday on behalf of Munir Zanial, a Malaysian national of Indian ancestry.
The association declined to comment.
Zanial rented the group's lake last year to host a party to celebrate Malaysian Independence Day. The lawsuit alleges the association reported him out of fear he used the lake to hold an Islamic State meeting.
It alleged an American flag that had been “desecrated ISIS symbols.” But the flag was actually a Malaysian flag and the guests included people of Malaysian Indian ancestry, some wearing hijabs.
Spirit filed a complaint with the FBI, and the association terminated his rental benefits.
Pikeville at Alice Lloyd, cc'd.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Getty Image
DeMarcus Cousins agreed to a one-year deal with the Golden State Warriors on Monday for the taxpayer mid-level exception of $5.3 million. That low of a number for a multiple time All-Star was staggering, and NBA fans collectively threw their hands in the air and waved the white flag for the 2018-19 season.
However, Cousins' signing likely doesn't have that significant an impact on Golden State given that the big man is working his way back from a ruptured Achilles, which has long been one of the most devastating injuries to come back from in NBA history. Cousins likely won't return until December or January (or possibly later being that the Warriors can afford to let him take all the time he needs), and when he comes back he might not be the same guy he was.
There is a chance he makes a strong recovery, in the manner Rudy Gay did last year, and can regain a significant portion of his abilities on the court. Because of that possibility and the relatively low opportunity cost of $5.3 million, many wondered why no one else, particularly the Los Angeles Lakers, tried to take a similar risk as the Warriors.
L.A. apparently had the opportunity to bring Boogie in at a similar price, but passed on the chance. On Wednesday, Marc Stein reported the reason the Lakers chose not to bring Cousins in was they are in “win now” mode and felt they “couldn't afford” not having him around until possibly January.
Eighth grade genderqueer student Torin Hodgman trolled anti-LGBTQ Education Secretary Betsy DeVos during a visit she made to Grand Rapids Public Museum School on Wednesday by wearing a Transgender Pride cape they had made at home.
Michigan Live reports:
Hodgman – who identifies as “gender queer” and whose preferred pronoun is “they/them” – came prepared with a question: What is DeVos doing to ensure schools are safe learning environments for LGBT students and others who are questioning their gender identity?
Hodgman, 14, didn't get a chance to pose that question to DeVos during a roundtable discussion Tuesday morning.
But Hodgman is hopeful she recognized the flag – and what it stood for – and that she realizes that transgender students are a real presence in America's schools.
“Public schools are a place for all children,” Hodgman said.
DeVos definitely got a look at the Cape, as you can see in the video above. Whether she recognized it is another question.
Man Utd start 2017/18 campaign against West Ham
Manchester United start their 2017/18 Premier League season with a home game against West Ham United at Old Trafford on August 12.
They face an away trip to the Liberty Stadium on August 19 to play Swansea City in their next game.
Jose Mourinho's side travel to Anfield to face fierce rivals Liverpool on October 14. The return fixture takes place at Old Trafford on March 10.
The home derby against Manchester City is on December 9, with the short trip to the Etihad Stadium coming on April 7.
United's Boxing Day fixture sees them host Burnley at Old Trafford.
And a potentially tasty fixture has United playing Arsenal at home just three games from the end of the season.
The final fixture of the league campaign will also be at home. Watford is the visitors on that occasion.
All dates are subject to change for broadcast coverage.
Tom Shaw speaks to the press after 3-2 loss to Wo
New pound coin - all you need to know
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The scoring of GCSEs in England is set to change, as the government introduces a new number grading scale and more challenging content.
The new grades are being phased in starting with three subjects this summer, with most others expected to adopt the system by 2019, our sister paper The Mirror reports.
Once that happens, all GCSEs taken in England will receive numerical grades, but teachers say the switch is causing unnecessary confusion and will ultimately increase pressure on pupils.
Here is everything you need to know about the new GCSE grades and how they will impact your children.
What is the new grading system?
Pupils will be graded from 9-1 rather than A*-G, with 9 being the top grade and 1 the lowest.
The new scoring system will be used for English language, English literature and maths by current Year 11 students this summer as number grades are phased in.
That means students taking GCSEs in England will receive a mixture of number and letter grades when they receive their results , until the system is fully adopted.
Why is the scale being changed?
New grades are being introduced as part of a new curriculum that was introduced in 2014 and in a bid to drive up standards.
The government says new GCSE content will be more challenging and fewer grade 9s will be awarded than A*s.
Courses will be designed for two years of study and will no longer be divided into different modules.
Students will take all their exams in one period at the end of their course.
When will other subjects be phased in?
Another 20 subjects will have 9-1 grading in 2018, with most others following in 2019.
Those using the new system for the first time in 2018 include biology, chemistry and physics.
The final subjects to be phased in, in 2019, include psychology, business and media studies.
How do the new and old grading systems compare?
Under the new system a grade of 9, 8 or 7 would be broadly equivalent to an A* or A.
Grades 6, 5 and 4 are comparable to a B or C, while a 3 is similar to a D.
Grades 2 and 1 are comparable to E, F or G. The new system has kept U for ungraded.
Why are the reforms being criticised?
The NASUWT union says the reforms are creating "huge uncertainty" for schools and will heap more pressure on pupils.
It also fears the new scale will close some educational opportunities for students.
The union says there is confusion over grade boundaries.
Are GCSE scores changing anywhere else?
No, the changes are only happening in England.
Wales and Northern Ireland are not introducing the new 9-1 grading scale as part of their changes to GCSEs.
Scotland has its own exam system.
SUNBURY, Pa. (AP) — A Pennsylvania teacher has apologized for intentionally misspelling Hillary Clinton's name to emphasize the word "liar" in a sixth-grade student's letter.
Shannon Reinard tells The Daily Item her 11-year-old stepdaughter, Mary, asked Shikellamy Middle School teacher Benjamin Attinger for help writing the letter to the former presidential candidate. She wrote the letter and Attinger addressed it Hiliar Rodham Clinton.
Her stepmom noticed the misspelling and in a voicemail the teacher said it was "kind of joke."
The Reinard family met with the teacher and school officials on Tuesday.
Shannon Reinard says the teacher apologized to the student.
___
Information from: The Daily Item, http://www.dailyitem.com
Why it matters to you New SD and microSD cards from Adata provide V90 support fon users' high-performance video recording needs.
Today's digital SLR and mirrorless cameras use increasingly larger sensors and generate huge image files when taking pictures. At the same time, the increasing popularity of 4K video means that videographers are creating massive video files as well. All of that translates to a growing need for not only larger storage capacities but also faster performance in transferring and saving data.
The market is responding accordingly, with new storage options for photographers and videographers that seek to provide both good performance and large capacities. Adata is next up with its new Premier One UHS-II SD and microSD cards, and Premier UHS-I microSD cards, as Anandtech reports.
The Premier One cards are the first from the company based on 3D MLC NAND flash memory, which promises high performance at reasonable prices. Adata is offering UHS-II versions up to 256GB and UHS-I versions up to 128GB. The UHS-II version comply with the Video Speed Class V90 spec, which is aimed at ensuring that storage devices can keep up with today's video-recording requirements. V90 essentially guarantees a minimum 90 MB/s write speed to handle 4K UHD and 360-degree video.
In terms of general performance, the UHS-II versions also provide up to 290 MB/s read speeds and up to 260 MB/s write speeds in SD card format, and up to 275 MB/s read and 155 MB/s write speeds in microSD format. The UHS-I Class 10 cards provide up to 85 MB/s read and 25MB/s write speeds, with a minimum of 10 MB/s write speed.
Adata has also built error-correcting code (ECC) support into the new cards, which will provide additional data security in devices that support the technology. The UHS-II and UHS-I cards provide a more rugged design that Adata promises includes both waterproofing and dustproofing. The UHS-II versions are support designed for wider temperature extremes from, -25 degrees to 85 degrees Celsius, rounding out the new cards' ability to keep precious data safe and reliable.
The company hasn't yet announced pricing on any of the new cards, which will come in 16GB, 32GB, 64GB, and 128GB UHS-I versions and 64GB, 128GB, and 256GB UHS-II versions. Given their functionality and performance, we expect them to fall into the higher ranges in terms of pricing.
HOUSTON (AP) When J.J. Watt attended the Houston Rockets' playoff game on Sunday night, he got a front-row view of Patrick Beverley's intensity.
The Houston Texans star defensive end was taken aback when Beverley walked over to his courtside seat during a timeout and simply stood in front of him and stared for several seconds.
”I was like: `Pat, I don't know what you want me to do here, man. I can't really do anything,”' Watt said. ”He's just staring me down. And my girlfriend looked at me and she was like: `That was kind of cool and kind of awkward at the same time.' I was like: `Yeah it was.' I didn't know what to do.”
Watt finally broke the stalemate by high-fiving the guard, a well-deserved acknowledgement on a night when Beverley scored a playoff career-high 21 points with 10 rebounds and slowed Russell Westbrook with his defense to help Houston rout Oklahoma City 118-87 in Game 1 of their first-round playoff series.
”The guy was just absolutely killing it,” Watt said. ”His intensity is the best. I was setting there on the sidelines getting fired up, wanting to get in the game.”
Watt actually thought about rushing on the court for a brief moment in the third quarter on Sunday night to stand up for Beverley. It came when 7-foot Thunder center Steven Adams knocked the 6-1 Beverley to the court on a hard screen just a few feet away from Watt's seat.
”That dude knocks him out,” Watt said. ”And I was like: `OK, we may have a problem you're messing with my guy Pat.”'
The Rockets were off on Monday and Beverley wasn't available for comment, but he tweeted his thanks for Watt's support by saying that he wants him back for Game 2 on Wednesday night in the same seat he had for the first game.
Watt is known for his fiery demeanor while chasing down quarterbacks on the football field. But even he was a little surprised by Beverley's ferocity on Sunday night.
”He just has a way of getting you fired up,” Watt said. ”He is like the Wolverine out there. He's fearless. I love the way that guy plays and it was just fun to watch that guy put on a show.”
—
More NBA basketball: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
Clearly, 4-14 is something the Detroit Tigers aren't over, and it showed Friday night in Cleveland.
After the show was frequently delayed on catch-up last series, ITV Hub have now said they're striving for the show to be made available "instantly" each night for 2018
There was one thing about last year's Love Island that was even more frustrating than Chris and Olivia splitting up, getting back together and then splitting up again.
Advertisement
ITV Hub could be, how do we put this, rather slow when it came to uploading episodes of Love Island.
Despite each episode ending at 10pm, we could often be kept waiting until well into the following day for the show to become available on the channel's player and catch-up service.
Frantic refreshing of ITV Hub at 11pm, midnight and later would often produce nothing and we'd be left wailing into our laptops and avoiding Twitter in case of spoilers.
So ahead of the fourth series, which kicks off on Monday 4th June, we wanted to ask ITV what's going on – and whether this year is going to be any different. And we have some very good news.
ITV are now aiming to have the episodes uploaded immediately after they have aired each night on ITV2.
A spokesperson told RadioTimes.com: “We are aiming to have the shows live and available on ITVHub straight after transmission.”
Thank flipping goodness.
Advertisement
Love Island begins Monday 4th June at 9pm on ITV2
Britain could stay in EU, but only on poorer terms: Verhofstadt
Britain is welcome to change its mind and stay in the European Union, but it should not expect to keep getting its EU budget rebates or complex opt-outs from EU rules, the European Parliament's Brexit coordinator said on Wednesday.
“Yesterday, Emmanuel Macron, the new French president, spoke about an open door. That if Britain changes its mind it would find an open door,” Guy Verhofstadt told the chamber.
“I agree. But like Alice in Wonderland, not all the doors are the same. It will be a brand-new door, with a new Europe, a Europe without rebates, without complexity, with real powers and with unity.”
The liberal former Belgian prime minister is a proponent of much closer integration with national governments giving up more powers to Brussels. Like many on the continent, he has long criticized Britain's entitlement, negotiated by Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher in the 1980s, to get about half its EU budget contributions back as a rebate. Britain also enjoys many opt-outs from EU rules, including from ever joining the euro zone.
The post Britain could stay in EU, but only on poorer terms: Verhofstadt appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
NILES, Ohio (WYTV) – Trumbull County's Department of Job and Family Services is holding a job and career fair this Thursday.
More than 50 local and regional employers will be at the Eastwood Mall in Niles. The job fair is open to the public and runs from 11 a.m. to 3:30 p.m.
Those going should bring a resume and be ready for interviews on the spot.
Pre-registration is open through the Ohio Means Jobs website.
U.S. stocks faded a bit from their record highs in early trading Friday, and the Standard & Poor's 500 index was on pace to snap its longest winning streak in four years. Treasury yields climbed after the government's monthly jobs report showed wages rose more than expected last month, which should keep the Federal Reserve on pace to continue raising interest rates.
The jobs report, often the most anticipated economic data of each month, was unusually difficult to parse after damage from recent hurricanes affected hiring from Texas to Florida, economists say.
KEEPING SCORE: The Standard & Poor's 500 index fell nearly 3 points, or 0.1 percent, to 2,549, as of 10:00 a.m. Eastern time. If it stays there, it would be the first loss for the index in nine days.
The Dow Jones industrial average lost 8, or less than 0.1 percent, to 22,767, and the Nasdaq composite was close to flat at 6,586. All three indexes closed at records on Thursday.
WASHOUT JOBS REPORT: Employers cut more jobs last month than they added, the first time that's happened in seven years. It's a sharp turnaround from earlier this year, when the strengthening job market was encouraging investors to push stocks higher and higher.
Economists had been warning of a particularly weak figure and cautioned not to take too much away from the report. Hurricanes Harvey and Irma meant the closure of thousands of businesses, and drops in employment at restaurants and bars were a big driver of last month's decline.
Other recent economic data have been more encouraging, including particularly strong reports on the nation's manufacturing and services sectors earlier this week.
Friday's jobs report contained some encouraging signs. Average hourly wages jumped 2.9 percent from a year earlier, more than economists expected. Some of that may be due to how many lower-wage jobs were lost following the hurricanes, but the government also revised up its figure for wage growth in August.
YIELDS RISE: Stronger wage growth could push up inflation and keep the Federal Reserve on its course to slowly raise interest rates off their record lows.
The yield on the 10-year Treasury rose to 2.39 percent from 2.35 percent late Thursday and touched its highest level since May.
The two-year yield climbed to 1.52 percent from 1.49 percent, and the 30-year yield rose to 2.94 percent from 2.89 percent.
FINANCIALS UP: Banks benefit from higher interest rates because they can mean bigger profits from making loans. Financial stocks in the S&P 500 rose 0.3 percent.
DIVIDENDS DOWN: Higher interest rates make bonds more attractive to investors looking for income, and that undercuts demand for stocks that pay relatively big dividends.
Telecom stocks in the S&P 500 fell 1.6 percent, by far the largest drop among the 11 sectors that make up the index. Other traditional dividend payers were also weak. Real estate stocks fell 0.9 percent, and utilities dropped 0.6 percent.
WAREHOUSE WEAKNESS: Costco Wholesale fell the most in the S&P 500 despite reporting stronger earnings for the latest quarter than expected. Analysts pointed to a slight drop in its membership renewal rates, among other factors.
Costco lost $9.11, or 5.5 percent, to $157.98.
COMMODITIES: Higher interest rates tend to mean less demand for gold, and the metal's price dropped $9.30 to $1,263.90 per ounce.
Silver fell 24 cents to $16.40 per ounce, and copper lost 2 cents to $3.03 per pound.
Benchmark U.S. crude sank $1.41, or 2.8 percent, to $49.38 per barrel. Brent crude, the international standard, lost $1.09 to $55.91 per barrel.
MARKETS OVERSEAS: The FTSE 100 in London rose 0.1 percent, France's CAC 40 fell 0.3 percent and Germany's DAX was close to flat.
Japan's Nikkei 225 rose 0.3 percent, and the Hang Seng in Hong Kong added 0.3 percent.
CURRENCIES: The dollar rose to 113.38 Japanese yen from 112.85 yen late Thursday. The euro fell to $1.1696 from $1.1708, and the British pound fell to $1.3035 from $1.3116.
A group of Greene King team members are gearing up to take on Africa's highest mountain in a 10-day trek to raise money for the brewer's charity partner, Macmillan Cancer Support.
Employees from the Greene King head office in Bury St Edmunds – Matthew Plested, Cheryl Bullen and Julie English – set off on the challenge yesterday.
Julie was determined to raise funds having received support from Macmillan while undergoing treatment for breast cancer last year, while Matthew and Cheryl have both lost loved ones to the disease.
- See centre pages for Macmillan coffee mornings coverage
Everything you need to know about BBC2's new comedy
Mortimer and Whitehouse: Gone Fishing does exactly what it says on the tin. It's gentle comedy is only interrupted by the occasional fish; a show where two friends head to the river, the series offers a moment of relaxation amongst the onslaught of summer dramas. Here's how and when to watch the new series.
Advertisement
When is it on?
Mortimer and Whitehouse: Gone Fishing airs on BBC2 at 10pm on Wednesdays or is available on iPlayer.
Is there a trailer?
Yes, and it shows snaps from their first episode in Norfolk in the video below.
What is it about?
After undergoing heart operations, the pair of comedians took a well earned break. Settling on fishing, which provided just the right amount of exercise while sitting down, the lifelong friends and co-hosts head into the great outdoors to talk about life, death and everything in between.
Seeking a solution to his anxiety, Mortimer decided to call up mate Whitehouse and teach him how to fish. Bob is a total novice, prompting Paul, a seasoned fisherman, to take on the role of a slightly exasperated teacher. Though, really, fishing is only small part of the show, with the question of mortality playing on both men's minds.
Who are Mortimer and Whitehouse?
Actor, writer and comedian Mortimer is a familiar face from Vic and Bob and countless TV comedy appearances on shows such as Would I Lie To You?
With a similar CV, Whitehouse has also featured film such as Alice Through the Looking Glass and Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
The pair have been friends for years and make an effortless duo on the BBC2 show.
Advertisement
Mortimer and Whitehouse: Gone Fishing airs on BBC2 at 10pm on Wednesdays
Share
Captain America: Civil War really marked a turning point for the Marvel Cinematic Universe. The big crossover film brought together a whole mess of heroes, throwing a double-digit number of film characters — the Avengers plus Ant-Man, Black Panther and Spider-Man — into a single movie.
It sounded like it'd be too many characters for one MCU story to handle, but directors Joe and Anthony Russo somehow managed to make a huge film feel small and intimate. Civil War balanced the brand's focus on raucous action with character development that not only took into consideration the many heroes' issues with each other, but also their arcs across so many movies before. It was the movie that proved all this time fans are investing in MCU movies is going somewhere, and not just pushing them to see more movies (and maybe buy some toys).
Infinity War is much more than the sum of its crossover parts.
Avengers: Infinity War has sounded like a movie with a lot of the same potential pitfalls Civil War once faced. It's the culmination of 19 movies and a decade of work as Marvel has built its complex web of films, featuring a huge number of characters. In the Russo Brothers' deft hands, though, Infinity War works much like Civil War did, building on the foundation so many other movies have laid before it to find fascinating new ways to challenge its superheroes. It might not be a perfect film — especially since it's clear many of its hanging plot threads rely on Avengers 4 to tie up — but it's about as good as something this big and unwieldy could have been, and it's a blast to watch.
The man in purple
As any fan of the MCU already knows, Marvel's films up to now have been building toward a huge, epic throw-down, when Thanos (Josh Brolin: Huge, purple and mostly CGI), a mega-powerful space villain, comes calling for the six all-powerful Infinity Stones. A few of the MCU movies have actually been about Thanos' attempts to get the stones, with names like Space Stone, Reality Stone, Power Stone and Time Stone, which control the very elements of the universe. Previously thwarted, now Thanos is cruising the galaxy to finally accomplish his goal: Eradicate one half of all life in the universe.
Infinity War is mostly about various groups of heroes doing what they can to stop that from happening. Thanos sends his lieutenants, the Black Order, to Earth to get the two stones known to be there, where they run up against the Avengers. In space, the Guardians of the Galaxy and Thor (Chris Hemsworth), last seen on his way to Earth on a spaceship at the end of Thor: Ragnarok, try to stop Thanos' forces from getting the stones previously seen in Thor: The Dark World and Guardians of the Galaxy.
It is true that there are almost too many characters for Infinity War to deal with satisfactorily, and a few heroes — Black Widow (Scarlett Johansson), War Machine (Don Cheadle), the Winter Soldier (Sebastian Stan) and Falcon (Anthony Mackie), most notably — do get shortchanged.
Brolin plays the towering Titan Thanos with a quiet power that gets at some tragedy under all that purple.
For the most part, though, Infinity War acknowledges that it can't quite get into the heads of every hero on the roster to see how they're dealing with the Thanos situation, so it focuses on the people most affected. Tony Stark (Robert Downey Jr.) has been dealing with post-traumatic stress related to the eventuality of a bad guy the Avengers couldn't stop since his near-fatal moment at the end of The Avengers. Thor, fresh off the completion of his three-movie character arc in Thor: Ragnarok, is suddenly overwhelmed by the sense of responsibility he feels for the people of Asgard as their king. Vision (Paul Bettany), the android Avenger brought to life partially by an Infinity Stone in Avengers: Age of Ultron, struggles with balancing the life he's barely begun (and barely begun to understand) against those of everyone else. And Gamora (Zoe Saldana), Thanos' adopted daughter and the hero with the most baggage of any of them, can't seem to separate her feelings of hate and love for the villain.
Those characters form the emotional core of the movie, with the rest of the heroes dealing with or reacting to them and their issues. Infinity War is really about Thanos, though; the Russos make the villain their main character, especially in the second half of the film. Brolin plays the towering Titan with a quiet power that gets at some tragedy under all that purple, especially when the movie turns the focus to Thanos' relationship with Gamora. Laying the major focus on Thanos' quest for the Infinity Stones, how he justifies that lust for power, and what it costs him, helps the whole story work without getting lost in its individual moving parts. It also makes Brolin's Thanos a villain scary enough, and deep enough, to warrant so much ado over his arrival.
Thrills and grins
The other moving parts are pretty exciting, though. As expected, Infinity War is bursting with massive action scenes, bouncing from locations ranging from outer space and other planets to New York City and Black Panther‘s Wakanda. The movie combines various settings with an enormous scope rivaling anything since the Battle of New York in The Avengers.
The Russos know how to keep clarity in their action scenes, as evidenced in Civil War and Captain America: Winter Soldier, and the directors use the addition of things like characters who fly around to pepper fistfights with wide shots that keep the whole thing in perspective. The fun part of having a crossover movie like this one, though, is bringing so many unique visual styles and abilities together in one place, and the best part of Infinity War‘s action sequences is seeing so many different individual ideas and styles choreographed together. This isn't just War Machine flying through the frame as Captain America (Chris Evans) punches a guy out: Everything here feels like an essential, well-planned part of a greater whole.
Surprisingly, the best part of the movie is how funny it is.
What really makes those setpieces work is the stakes, though. Culminating a decade worth of MCU movies means Infinity War isn't forced to pull punches, and it goes hard from the start. This is a movie in which superheroes can, and do, die. Thanos really is the worst thing anyone in the MCU has ever faced, and Infinity War doesn't hesitate to convey that not everybody is going to make it through this one — which makes its many action scenes all the more powerful.
Surprisingly, though, perhaps the best part of the movie is how funny it is. Infinity War most often excels in dialogue, using those weird meetups of characters like Peter Quill (Chris Pratt) and Doctor Strange (Benedict Cumberbatch) to create hilarious, yet endearing moments. They're a shorthand for character development that was made in other movies, but they're always great, and they pay off that investment across so many stories. Infinity War‘s ability to manage break-neck turns from great jokes to tense, life-or-death stakes is an impressive feat of Stephen McFeely and Christopher Markus' script, and might be, more than anything, what keeps Infinity War afloat when it otherwise might sink.
There are weaknesses in Infinity War, of course, and it should come as no surprise that they're largely related to its enormous size.
The film tries so hard to bring in every hero and character that it can't quite handle them all, and the result is a film that isn't quite as intelligent as Black Panther or as balanced as Civil War. The movie not only pays off the audience's investment in the MCU, but it also requires it, and trying to view it casually will result in plenty of jokes that don't land and plot points that seem a little confusing. Then there's the fact that the real conclusion of the story is Avengers 4, and despite a runtime pushing two-and-a-half hours, Infinity War leaves quite a few elements of feeling inconclusive and a little unsatisfying.
Despite its drawbacks (and its sheer enormity), though, Avengers: Infinity War is engrossingly, overwhelmingly fun, even as it feels like a suitably weighty climax of so many stories. Combining phenomenal action scenes, smart and fun humor, emotional gravitas, and unprecedented stakes isn't just an impressive balancing act — it makes Infinity War something special, and much more than the sum of its crossover parts.
НТВ в социальных сетях twitter
facebook
google
vk
odnoklassniki
instagram
telegram
'); StatBanner('btw', bl); } else { show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); } } } function mailru_ads(data, el) { if(data && data.length > 0) { var ban_location = $(el).attr("ntv-loc"); var bl = parseInt(ban_location); if(bl == 3 && typeof b240_callback !== 'undefined') { try { window[b240_callback](); } catch(e) {} } StatBanner('all', bl); } } (MRGtag = window.MRGtag || []).push({ onNoAds:function(resp) { mailru_noAds(resp); }, onAdsLoaded: function(data, el){ mailru_ads(data, el); }, iframeMode: false }); function StatBanner(type, place) { if (type == 'all') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_showed" }); } if (type == 'noAds') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_mailru_error" }); } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_top" }); try { reachGoal('banner_error_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_ntv_showed" }); } if (type == 'btw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_showed" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_showed'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'nobtw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_error" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_error'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4_ntv" }); } } $(function() { var o = document.createElement('vid' + 'eo'); if(isFInst && (!o || !o.canPlayType || !o.canPlayType('video/mp4; codecs="avc1.640029, mp4a.40.2"'))) { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "html5_media_support" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('html5_media_support'); } catch (e) {} } }); // -->
NEW YORK, NY - MAY 07: Kim Kardashian attends the Heavenly Bodies: Fashion & The Catholic Imagination Costume Institute Gala at The Metropolitan Museum of Art on May 7, 2018 in New York City. (Photo by Jamie McCarthy/Getty Images)
WASHINGTON - Kim Kardashian West will meet with officials, including senior adviser Jared Kushner, at the White House on Wednesday to discuss prison reform, a person familiar with the plans says.
It's not clear if Kardashian West will meet with President Donald Trump.
The entrepreneur and reality television star has advocated for a pardon for a low-level drug offender named Alice Marie Johnson, who has served more than 20 years in prison.
Prison reform has been a key issue for Kushner. Earlier this month, the White House-backed First Step Act, which would expand programs for prisoners and allow for more home confinement, was approved by the House Judiciary Committee.
Kardashian West has said she supported Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton in the 2016 presidential election, but her husband, Kanye West, has signaled his support for Trump.
In 2016, West met with the President-elect at Trump Tower in New York. And last month, after releasing a photograph wearing a "Make America Great Again" cap, West released a song defending his praise of the President.
Kardashian West's White House visit was earlier reported by Vanity Fair.
Copyright 2018 by CNN NewSource. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Ebonyi govt. vows to shut down illegal schools
The Commissioner for Education in Ebonyi, Prof. John Eke, has warned that the government would clamp down on schools in the state being operated without the approval of the government.
He gave the warning on Wednesday in Abakaliki in an interview with newsmen.
He said that it was illegal to operate school without obtaining necessary approval from the government.
He said that the Ministry of Education had well-defined procedure which prospective school proprietors must comply with to obtain approval.
He maintained that it was illegal and against the laws of the state to establish and operate any school including nursery, primary or secondary without an enabling licence issued by the Ministry.
Eke said the recent closure of Power House International Secondary School was due to non compliance with laid down procedures for school registration.
He added that the action was part of the clean-up in the education sector.
He said that the school was operating in a six flat private residential home comprising three-bed room flats with no recreational and sports facilities.
The commissioner said that the school, which commenced academic activities in the 2015 /2016 school calendar, did not receive approval to operate as an academic institution.
Eke said: “the school did not meet the requisite criteria; the school operates without any licence or approval from the Ministry of Education and operates from the owner's residential building.
“There is no trace of any file whatsoever in my office showing that the proprietor applied for approval to establish a school in the state.
“We cannot allow such illegality to happen in a state that subscribe to the principle of rule of law.
“We closed down the school because it was not qualified to operate as a school due to failure of the owner to adhere to laid down procedure for establishing a school.”
The post Ebonyi govt. vows to shut down illegal schools appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
BRISTOL, VA (WJHL) – Dozens of citizens voiced concern to the Bristol, Va. City Council Tuesday night saying cutting back on emergency personnel isn't the way to fix the city's over $105 million in debt.
Bristol, VA city leaders have said that they need to review each city department to determine if anything needs to be changed to help with the debt and that includes first responders like police and firefighters.
Some even said they'd leave the city if their first responders were out of a job.
Chief Mike Starr of Washington County, Va. Fire Rescue works with city fire crews often and he said he couldn't stress enough the importance of paid staff to protect the community.
“I hope all the comments help that everybody made and they don't cut back staffing,”Starr said. “I know cut backs need to be made. Let them look at different things, but you know personnel I don't feel needs to be cut.”
With the city's $105 million in debt, Mayor Bill Hartley said they've talked to various departments to see where they can cut back.
Although he's unsure of where they'll need to cut, police and fire are some of the city's biggest resources.
“Those are big areas, but there are all kinds of things where I think we can look at different departments and try to find ways to be more effective and efficient,” Hartley said. “We all know it's going to be a tight budget, but we don't really know how tight yet.”
Hartley said the city manager won't come up with the budget until the end of March or April, and they haven't made any decisions just yet.
Bristol, Va. City Council's next meeting is scheduled for Feb. 28.
Copyright 2017 WJHL. All rights reserved.
SUMMARY
Two larger storm systems will impact the Valley in the coming days. One storm arrives this weekend and the other will arrive for the middle of next week. A full summary of what to expect with each storm is in the video above. Click “play” for the breakdown of what to expect and a look at current model data or scroll down for more.
WEEKEND STORM
Arriving: Saturday night
Snowfall Timing: Saturday overnight through Sunday night
A storm system will approach the area Saturday night, with snow developing toward daybreak Sunday. Snow is likely by sunrise Sunday and will continue through the day Sunday. Current model data shows snow the snowfall intensity picking up Sunday morning. There is the potential for some slick roadways Sunday morning and also Sunday night into Monday. While slick spots can't be ruled out through the afternoon, temperatures are expected to rise above the freezing mark through the afternoon. This would help melt some of the snow on area roads, and travel impacts from the snow may be lessened due to the warmer air.
Snowfall potential through Monday morning
Newer data will become available through the weekend and accumulation totals will be fine-tuned as that data comes into the Weather Center. Check back with WYTV.com or our newscast for updates.
Minimum: Around 1″
Expected Total: 2″ to 5″
Potential for: Up to 6″
STORM NUMBER TWO
Arriving: Tuesday evening
Snowfall Timing: Tuesday evening into Wednesday
Another storm system will approach the area Tuesday afternoon and evening. Current model data shows snowfall around the area through the day Tuesday, followed by a larger storm system arriving Tuesday evening into Wednesday. The model data paints two difference scenarios for this storm system. Both models agree on some snowfall through the day Tuesday; however, the ECMWF (Euro) model takes the larger storm on a track that is west of the Valley. This track would pull in warmer air and allow for a mix or changeover to rain. (As shown in the video above) The GFS model takes the storm further to our east and keeps the precipitation almost all snow Tuesday into Wednesday. It does bring the rain/snow line close to Columbiana country Tuesday night, but the model keeps temperatures close to or below freezing, yielding more snowfall than rain. This would result in higher snow accumulation potential. This is a storm that will need to be watched. Should the track follow what the GFS model is currently showing, heavier snowfall would occur and slick roads would be possible Tuesday evening into Wednesday.
Tuesday through Wednesday snowfall potential
**THESE SNOWFALL ESTIMATES ARE PRELIMINARY AND BASED OFF CURRENT MODEL DATA**
Newer data will become available through the weekend and next week. Accumulation totals will be fine-tuned as newer data comes into the Weather Center. Check back with WYTV.com or our newscast for updates.
Potential for: Up to 4″ or greater, depending on track of the storm
Need an hour-by-hour forecast? Click here
Details by Zekre Lebona on 07 October 2017 in Article Print
Print Email
Young people studying posters advertising a cinema in Addis Ababa in 1935. (AP Photo/Alfred Eisenstaedt)
In 1974, Haile Selassie, the absolute monarch was told that he had to abdicate; he was then led into a Volkswagen car out of his old palace. The monarch accepted his fate and was noted to have said, “If it is God's will…” Like all the emperors of past Ethiopia, he was not only a ruler but head of the Ethiopian Orthodox Church. His subjects in the rural areas, small towns in Ethiopia, particularly in the North considered him a religious ruler. What then explains his alleged bargain with the devil, Korit?
Rumor had it that Korit resided in a volcanic lake located close to Debre Zeit, now Bishoftu. The rumor alleged that the emperor often made a trip to this infamous place and made human sacrifices of small children; the particular victims were reputedly children with connected eyebrows. Was this a satire by the elite, who were exposed to cinema and travel abroad, brought up and educated by the ruler? Or was it something in the culture of old Ethiopia, where Zars (spirits) had their presence together with the innumerable saints? It is probably the former.
Is it valid to ask? Which generation of educated Ethiopians were the authors and propagators of this satire? First as a regent, and later as an emperor; Haile Selassie had presided over the kingdom for several decades. In the picture above, a crowd is staring curiously at a movie billboard, in Addis Ababa. The year was 1935 and it was momentous; for Italian Fascism was either in the city or far in the north of the country. In the picture are a child, a priest and what appears to be common folk. Bare feet and some donning woolen ponchos, they don't appear to be moviegoers. Who then?
The emperor had followed a policy of modern education, which was started by Emperor Menelik II (on a small scale.) Considering himself as a progressive, Haile Selassie had built many schools in Addis Ababa and several other towns. Among them, some were sent to Europe for further studies. When they came back to Ethiopia, however, many were impatient for change and frustrated. Is it probable that this elite was possibly influenced by the novels, plays, movies from Europe, among which is the myth of Faust? There is no evidence.
It is safe to speculate, however, they did; the satire then was disseminated to the next generation of student radicals and disgruntled army and civil servants. This generation hasn't left much of its experience in the form of diaries, novels, or books. It was decimated by the Fascist leader Graziani. The satire however endured and was widely broadcasted by the generation that followed them. The alleged collusion of the ruler with the Korit stopped being a satire and made many Ethiopian women anxious about the fate of their children.
The irony is that the post-Italian invasion student radicals later fell into the trappings of foreign ideologies, or politics of imitation, which brought havoc to the nation. They wanted to re-engineer the society and stroke a bargain with radical communist ideology, which made the country succumb to uninterrupted civil wars, famine, and a complete socio-economic stagnation. The tendency to collude with any political evil in order to capture absolute power is still vibrant and strong in Ethiopia, and present-day Eritrea. This generation, unlike the victims of Graziani, brought its decimation largely by its own hands. “Every notable historical era will have its own Faust,” wrote Kierkegaard. Ethiopia's, however, appears to remain everlasting.
Marcos Rojo led a charge of Manchester United players to the Manchester City dressing room after manager Jose Mourinho was hit by a bottle, according to the Daily Mail.
The bare-chested Argentine raced to defend his boss after word of the alleged attack on Mourinho reached the United dressing room.
City midfielder Fernandinho was allegedly punched in the ensuing carnage, though it is now known who hit the Brazilian.
Mourinho had reportedly visited the City dressing room to complain about their celebrations after their 1-2 derby win. He launched a verbal attack in which he told them: “You have no respect.”
He reportedly swore at City keeper Ederson, rowing with him in Portuguese and English, before being squirted with water and hit by a flying drinks bottle.
A member of the Portuguese boss' backroom staff relayed events to the United players, at which point Rojo made his move.
The defender was followed by Antonio Valencia, plus the quartet of Ander Herrera, Marcus Rashford, Axel Tuanzebe and Luke Shaw, in a race to the scene.
United's players were allegedly met by City players, including captain Vincent Kompany, who came out to meet them. Punches were thrown and Fernandinho was struck by an arm.
City coach Mikel Arteta was also hit by a bottle in the melee and suffered a cut above his eye.
Kolten Wong, who opened the scoring with a solo homer, says the Cardinals “came out with a different energy” and the result was a 2-1 win over the Pirates.
More FOX Sports Midwest Videos Yeo on Blues win: ‘We know there's … more work to be done' Schwartz on Blues win: ‘We do a good job of being in the moment' Pietrangelo describes Allen as ‘fantastic' and ‘lights out' Parayko ‘just trying to get something towards the net' on Blues goal Allen ‘not fazed' by amount of Wild shots WATCH: Gyorko, Piscotty homer in Cardinals' loss to Yankees More FOX Sports Midwest Videos
Self-Driving Car Crash Spotlights Tricky Legal Question
General Motors is in a race to be the first company to mass produce self-driving cars, but a recent crash with a San Francisco motorcyclist has illustrated the tricky challenge of assigning blame when an autonomous vehicle gets in an accident.
As self-driving cars take to the roads in increasing numbers, collisions with standard vehicles are inevitable, experts say, as are lawsuits.
San Francisco commercial photographer Oscar Nilsson sued GM on Monday, after a Dec. 7 collision with a Chevrolet Bolt that aborted a lane change while driving autonomously.
The crash highlights an important issue raised by autonomous technology: Self-driving vehicles may not behave like those driven by humans, and that may complicate investigations into who's at fault.
"That's going to continue to be a huge area where we're going to have problems," said John Simpson, spokesman for non-profit Consumer Watchdog, a frequent critic of speedy deployment of autonomous vehicles.
GM's subsidiary, Cruise, has since August been testing a self-driving service in San Francisco with human back-up drivers behind the wheel, as required by the state.
Nilsson's lawsuit claims he was riding behind one of GM's autonomous Bolts on Oak Street, when the car, with its back-up driver, changed lanes to the left. When he rode forward, the Bolt suddenly veered back into his lane and knocked him to the ground, according to the lawsuit, filed in U.S. District Court in San Francisco.
The San Francisco Police Department's report on the incident blamed Nilsson for passing a vehicle on the right when it wasn't safe. But Nilsson's lawyer Sergei Lemberg disputed that finding.
"I don't know what a police officer can tell, after the fact," Lemberg said Tuesday. "I don't know that it's fair to blame this act on the completely innocent person who's just driving down the road and gets hit."
The police report, said Lemberg, actually supported holding GM responsible. It noted that after the Bolt determined it couldn't make the lane change, and began moving back while Nilsson was passing on the right, the Bolt's backup driver tried to grab the wheel and steer away, but the collision occurred simultaneously.
"Why don't these folks just take some responsibility?" Lemberg said.
A crash report filed with the California Department of Motor Vehicles by GM provided a much different view of the accident. The company acknowledged that the car, in autonomous-driving mode in heavy traffic, had aborted a lane change. But GM said that as its car was "re-centering itself" in the lane, Nilsson, who had been riding between two lanes in a legal-in-California practice known as lane-splitting, "moved into the center lane, glanced the side of the Cruise ... wobbled, and fell over."
General Motors declined to comment on the lawsuit. It has been running a "Cruise Anywhere" program since August for employees, which allows them to hail automated Cruise vehicles and be driven anywhere in San Francisco. It was unclear whether the vehicle involved in the accident was part of this program.
It was also unclear if the Bolt in question was one of the "third-generation" automated vehicles described last fall by Cruise CEO Kyle Vogt as "the world's first mass-producible car designed to operate without a driver." Those vehicles were intended to be used in the "Cruise Anywhere" program, Vogt wrote in a Medium post.
Companies operating autonomous vehicles are likely to settle quickly in crash-related lawsuits when the technology appears to be at fault, and fight mightily when they believe the driver of the ordinary vehicle to be responsible, said Stanford researcher and University of South Carolina School of Law professor Bryant Walker Smith.
"There might be data that might tend to show fault or no fault," Smith said.
Such data -- which may include video and other driving information from the autonomous vehicle -- could aid investigators. Simpson of Consumer Watchdog said it should be publicly disclosed whenever a self-driving car crashes.
GM's testing in San Francisco highlights the firm's progress in the race to mass produce self-driving cars. While Google took an early lead in autonomous driving with a program now spun off into its own company, called Waymo, GM's manufacturing capabilities and other advantages have allowed it to catch up, according to a report by market-research firm Navigant Research in January.
Autonomous-vehicle firms competing for success in a new market are bound to face legal thickets when accidents happen.
In the San Francisco accident, GM's crash report said the Bolt was traveling at 12 miles per hour, while Nilsson had been driving at 17 miles per hour. After the collision, Nilsson "got up and walked his vehicle to the side of the road" and "reported shoulder pain and was taken to receive medical care."
Nilsson claimed in his lawsuit that he suffered neck and shoulder injuries, which will require "lengthy treatment," and that he had to go on disability leave. He's seeking unspecified damages.
In California, autonomous vehicle test drivers must have good driving records and successfully complete a test-driver training program administered by the carmaker, DMV spokeswoman Jessica Gonzalez said.
Self-driving test cars could turn up almost anywhere on California's roads.
"Companies with permits are allowed to test on any California public roadway -- they don't tell us which ones they are testing on," Gonzalez said.
General Motors and its Cruise subsidiary have had a permit to test autonomous vehicles on California roads since June 2015, and have 110 vehicles and 300 test drivers approved for testing, according to the DMV.
© 2018 San Jose Mercury News under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: iStock.
May Interest You:
New cars come equipped with safety systems. But how about all the other cars that are more than a year old? No worries... There are plenty of car safety features that are available, affordably, for ALL cars, not just new ones. See products that are available for YOUR car at: Make My Car Safe, the premium online seller of car safety products for ALL cars.
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) – The restaurant and food services industry is dominated by male leadership.
In Louisville, where the restaurant industry is thriving, one restaurant wants to offer opportunities to an underrepresented group - female chefs.
"When you walk into this industry it is common that the head chef is a male, the general manager is a male, the sommelier is a male," General Manager of 610 Magnolia Lindsey Ofcacek said.
Ofcacek has over 20 years of experience in the restaurant industry, and her observations are accurate. According to DATA USA, 79% of chefs and head cooks are males.
"There are a lot of women at the bottom and not a lot at the top. And in order to see our industry thrive, we need to change that," Ofcacek said.
In November, Ofcacek, along with Chef Edward Lee, came up with the idea of an internship program for five females in the industry.
Dubbed the "Women Chefs of Kentucky Initiative," participants will be connected to successful chefs across the county and will train here in Louisville with Chef Lee.
MORE ON WAVE3.COM
+ Louisville chef named finalist for 'Oscars of Food'
+ Chef Edward Lee opening new concept at Fourth Street Live
+ Kathy Cary, Edward Lee are semifinalists -- again -- for coveted James Beard Award
"For me, something that helped me in the industry was having strong women as mentors," Ofcacek said.
The LEE Initiative is an acronym for Let's Empower Employment.
Any woman working in Kentucky with at least 2 years experience working in a restaurant and at least one year in a kitchen is eligible to apply. Ofcacek says letters of recommendation will be considered in the application process.
"This program will help build confidence in young women, help them define their career path to stay in this industry," Ofcacek said.
The five women will shadow chefs around the country, all expenses paid. They will train under Chef Lee and cook at the James Beard House in New York City.
"They will learn everything from the account to how to run their kitchen," Ofcacek said,
Lindsey said the initiative is small, but hopes it makes waves in an industry that many females may not realize they too can grow in.
The application deadline is February 10th. Interested participants can apply here: www.leeinitiative.org. You can read more about the LEE Initiative here.
Copyright 2018 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
FORT COLLINS, Colo. — Caleb Martin had 26 points, Lindsey Drew added 16 and eight rebounds and Nevada turned back Colorado State 76-67 on Saturday night to put the finishing touches on a rough day for the Rams.
Colorado State lost its sixth straight on a day that head coach Larry Eustachy was put on administrative leave over questions about his conduct.
Kendall Stephens added 15 points for the Wolf Pack (20-4, 9-1 Mountain West Conference), who struggled to find their shooting touch from the field, but connected on 26 of 32 free throws.
Che Bob and Anthony Bonner paced the Rams (10-15, 3-9) with 13 points each, while Deion James added 12 points and eight rebounds.
The Rams trailed just 37-35 at halftime and used two James' 3-pointers to grab a 41-40 lead early in the second half. But Stephens twice connected from beyond the arc and Martin added a layup to cap an 11-1 run for a 51-43 lead. Martin scored eight in the final 3:13 to seal it.
(RJ Sangosti/The Denver Post via AP, File). FILE - In this April 22, 2014 file photo, a man works on a facade during construction of a new Veterans Administration hospital in the Denver suburb of Aurora, Colo. Glenn Haggstrom, the former top constructi...
(AP Photo/David Zalubowski, File). FILE- In this June 8, 2017, file photo, traffic passes by the campus of the Veterans Administration hospital under construction in Aurora, Colo. Glenn Haggstrom, the former top construction official for the Veterans A...
By DAN ELLIOTTAssociated Press
DENVER (AP) - A former Veterans Affairs Department executive who was harshly criticized by Congress for massive cost overruns at a new Colorado VA medical center said he was never told the price had ballooned to more than $1.7 billion before he left the agency, and does not know how it happened.
"I'm just astounded, quite frankly, I'm absolutely astounded," Glenn Haggstrom told The Associated Press in a rare interview.
Haggstrom, who was the VA's top construction official when the project nearly collapsed amid legal disputes and skyrocketing costs, said the last estimate he heard from the builder before he was removed from the project was about $890 million.
Haggstrom said had been made a scapegoat, and that responsibility for the failures was widespread within the agency. But he acknowledged that he had a role because he was director of the VA's Office of Acquisition, Logistics and Construction.
"As the leader of that organization you do bear the responsibility," said Haggstrom, who retired in March 2015 amid an internal VA investigation into the costs.
The medical center, under construction in the Denver suburb of Aurora, has been a monumental embarrassment for the VA.
The initial construction contract was awarded in 2010 with a projected cost around $590 million. But after years of disputes among the VA, the contractor and the design team, an independent government panel called the Civilian Board of Contract Appeals ruled in December 2014 that the VA had violated the contract by not giving the builders, the Kiewit-Turner joint venture, a design that could be built within budget.
The VA then asked the Army Corps of Engineers to estimate the cost, and the answer, delivered in March 2015, was a staggering $1.73 billion. The Corps took over management of the project, and the medical center is expected to be completed next year for about $1.7 billion.
Multiple investigations concluded the costs got out of hand because the VA did not oversee the project closely enough, did not assign enough officials to it, approved lavish design elements, failed to get the designers and builders to agree on the design and tried to use a complicated form of construction contract that agency executives did not fully understand.
The VA's inspector general, an internal watchdog, said last year that Haggstrom knew the project was veering toward huge cost overruns but didn't tell lawmakers when he testified before Congress in 2013 and 2014. That prompted lawmakers to call for a perjury investigation, but the Justice Department decided last month not to file charges, citing insufficient evidence.
Haggstrom told the AP he had been given conflicting information about the project.
He said cost projections kept rising, and the highest estimate he saw from Kiewit-Turner was about $890 million. He said the VA removed him from the project before the Corps of Engineers compiled its estimate.
"This thing is a moving target," he said.
Kiewit-Turner spokesman Tom Janssen said the Civilian Board of Contract Appeals clearly faulted the VA for the problems. He quoted from the board's decision: "We find that the behavior of the VA has not comported with the standards of good faith and fair dealing required by law."
Haggstrom said the architectural and engineering team had repeatedly assured him it could be built within budget. The architects and engineers, a group of four companies known as the Joint Venture Team, said it had done what the contract required.
"The JVT worked diligently to ensure the project was designed to meet the standards set ... within the budget and on time," spokesman Andy Boian said.
Haggstrom declined to identify any other VA officials he thought shared the responsibility for the problems.
"I'm not going to pin this on anybody because this was a decision that was made by the department," he said.
Haggstrom said he decided to retire because the members of the panel conducting the internal VA inquiry, called an administrative investigation board, did not have skills to sort out what happened.
"I didn't want to be a part of that process," he said.
Haggstrom said a high-ranking VA official had been pressuring him to retire for weeks, but he declined to say who it was.
The investigation board's report, obtained by the AP through an open records request, echoed many criticisms of previous reviews.
No one has been fired or criminally charged over the project, angering members of Congress. Lawmakers were incensed when Haggstrom retired with full benefits, but the VA said he was legally entitled to do so.
Congress this week passed a bill designed to make it easier for the VA to fire employees and allowing the department to reduce an employee's pension for negligence or mismanaging funds - in part a response to the Colorado project.
Last year, Congress stripped the VA of the authority to manage large construction projects and turned it over to the Corps of Engineers, also a reaction to the Colorado project.
Haggstrom said some VA employees were unfairly criticized for the failures when they were trying to get the project completed, and they made numerous cost-cutting suggestions, most of which were rejected by higher-ups.
"They're being vilified for it," he said.
___
Follow Dan Elliott at http://twitter.com/DanElliottAP . His work can be found at https://apnews.com/search/dan%20elliott.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Why it matters to you The switch from Kickstarter to an independent site could be the difference between success and failure for this big-money crowdfunding campaign.
In January, it was announced that Francise Ford Coppola's Apocalypse Now would be adapted into a video game, and a Kickstarter campaign was launched to fund development. Now, the campaign is drawing to a close and donations haven't come close to meeting the pledge goal, so the project's organizers are trying a different strategy.
Yesterday, it was announced that the campaign will move from Kickstarter to a dedicated independent site, according to a report from VG247. Anyone that already pledged money will be able to upgrade their reward tier for free, simply by proving that they donated via Kickstarter.
The new site will apparently be a community hub for backers, as well as a means of collecting pledges. At present, this amounts to embedded content feeds from Reddit and Instagram, but the team's announcement post indicates that it will soon play host to community events and livestreams featuring development staff.
More: Kickstarter called ‘Capuchin' looks like offspring of a scooter and mountain bike
Extra pledge tiers have already been added to the project's new homepage. The highest tier now requires a donation of $1 million, and yields rewards including a 10-day safari in Central America, a unique prop from the set of Apocalypse Now, and the opportunity to spend a month embedded among the development team.
The project's overall funding goal has now been set at $5.9 million, and pledges will be accepted for the next 459 days. The Kickstarter campaign only accumulated $172,929 over the course of three weeks, so it remains to be seen whether this change of approach will help amass the money required.
A video game version of Apocalypse Now is certainly an ambitious project, and could either turn out very nicely or very poorly. The team behind the game seems dedicated to making the idea a reality, but at present it seems that there aren't enough backers out there to meet the lofty funding goals.
Over the weekend, Donald Trump called out Dave Weigel of the Washington Post for a tweet that misrepresented the crowd size at his Pensacola Florida rally — a tweet that Weigel admitted was inaccurate and deleted it shortly after. Despite the fact that it was an individual reporter's tweet and not a Post news report, Trump demanded an apology and retraction from “FAKE NEWS” WaPo.
During Monday afternoon's press briefing, Sarah Huckabee Sanders was asked by Matthew Nussbaum of Politico about the president lashing out at Weigel's tweet and the discrepancy between this sort of incidents and actual Russian disinformation campaigns, which he has always seemed unconcerned with. Huckabee Sanders responded by making a broad statement about what Trump considers to be biased reporting, insinuating that any accidental misreporting by news outlets — such as the recent error made by Brian Ross of ABC News — is done intentionally and maliciously.
She next called on CNN's Jim Acosta, who was not having her response. “I would just say Sarah, that journalists make honest mistakes and that doesn't make them fake news,” he said. Huckabee Sanders then interrupted him to retort, “Well when journalists make honest mistakes they should own up to them.” “They do!” exclaimed someone else in the room. “Sometimes, sometimes you don't,” she claimed.
Over audible protests, Huckabee Sanders continued. “There's a very big difference between making honest mistakes and purposefully misleading the American people, something that happens regularly,” she said, yelling “I'm not done” at those who attempted to interject. “You cannot say it's a mistake when you're purposely putting out information you know to be false.”
When asked by Acosta if she could cite a story that was intentionally false, she named the Brian Ross story, which — while stunningly egregious — the network did in fact own up to. You can watch the entire heated exchange, above.
(NOAA/Mare Island Museum via AP). This undated image provided by NOAA shows the USCG Cutter McCulloch that was launched in 1896. Researchers discovered the remains of a San Francisco-based U.S. Coast Guard cutter that first set out to sea during the Sp...
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) - In a story and photo captions June 13 about the discovery of a shipwreck, The Associated Press reported erroneously the rank of Todd Sokalzuk. He is a Rear Admiral, not a Commander. Also, the story should have made it clear that the Coast Guard could not assign blame to the crash that caused the ship to sink.
A corrected version of the story is below:
Coast Guard ship will linger in century-old watery grave
On the 100th anniversary of a Coast Guard ship's disappearance, the agency says it found the shipwreck off Southern California and plan to leave it there
By LINDA WANG
Associated Press
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) - A hundred years ago in a blinding fog, a U.S. Coast Guard ship was sailing off the coast of Southern California when it crashed into a passenger steamship.
The USCGC McCulloch sank within 35 minutes and lingered on the ocean floor undisturbed by people for a century.
On the 100th anniversary of the vessel's June 13, 1917, disappearance, the Coast Guard announced Tuesday that it found the shipwreck - not far from where it went down. And officials plan to leave it there.
Strong currents and an abundance of sediment would make moving the delicate ship too difficult, officials said in detailing the discovery of the San Francisco-based USCGC McCulloch. They also paid tribute to its crews, including two members who died in the line of duty, but not in the crash.
Coast Guard Rear Adm. Todd Sokalzuk called the ship "a symbol of hard work and sacrifice of previous generations to serve and protect our nation" and an important piece of history.
The ship sank shortly after hearing a foghorn nearby and then colliding with the SS Governor, a civilian steamship. The McCulloch's crew was safely rescued and taken aboard the steamship.
The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration and the Coast Guard discovered the wreck last fall during a routine survey.
Researchers focused on the area of the shipwreck 3 miles (5 kilometers) off Point Conception, California, after noticing a flurry of fish. Sunken ships offer a great place for fish to hide. The site is about 150 miles (240 kilometers) northwest of Los Angeles.
Commissioned in the late 1800s, the McCulloch first set out to sea during the Spanish-American War as part of Commodore George Dewey's Asiatic Squadron in the Battle of Manila Bay.
Cutters based in San Francisco in the late 1800s and early 1900s represented American interests throughout the Pacific. They also played important roles in the development of the Western U.S.
After the war, the cutter patrolled the West Coast and later was dispatched to protect fur seals in the Pribilof Islands off the coast of Alaska, where it also served as a floating courtroom in remote areas.
The archaeological remains, including a 15-inch torpedo tube molded into the bow stem and the top of a bronze 11-foot propeller blade, are draped with white anemones 300 feet (90 meters) below the surface, officials said. A 6-pound gun is still mounted in a platform at the starboard bow.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Pakistani authorities are questioning a senior militant who they say voluntarily surrendered, presenting it as a major setback for an Islamic extremist group that has carried out several attacks in recent years.
Military officials confirmed Tuesday that Ahsanullah Ahsan, a former spokesman and senior figure in the Jamaat-ul-Ahrar group, had surrendered recently, without providing further details.
They say he split with the main Pakistani Taliban four years ago and joined the breakaway faction, which claimed a March 31 car bomb near a Shiite mosque that killed at least 24 people.
The officials, who spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to brief the media, said information gleaned from Ahsan led to other arrests and the location of a weapons cache.
By Eileen Persike
Editor
America's collective gut has been the topic of extensive scientific studies in recent years. Not the “gut” made famous by consumption of a popular beverage, but the real gut which is the gastrointestinal tract. Gut health can be responsible for more than just how you feel; it can be associated with serious health conditions as well.
Chelsey Baranczyk
Increasing the gut health of folks in the Northwoods is something one local woman is passionate about. Chelsey Baranczyk is a natural resources biologist who is also interested in health. Fermented food, she says, is one key to healthy gut.
“I like to study plants and how they are used for food and medicine,” said Baranczyk. “[Fermentation] is a fun topic where I can teach my friends and family. I figured if they are interested in it, others would be, too.”
She was right. Baranczyk has taught several School Districts of Rhinelander Community Education classes on the topics of digestion and fermentation and has a couple more on the schedule for this winter. The process of fermentation happens when natural bacteria eat the sugar and starch in foods, creating lactic acid which preserves food and creates bacteria that is beneficial to the gut.
Upwards of 80 percent of the immune system is located in the gut, and can impact weight, cognitive function and cause inflammation which can lead to other diseases.
“Our guts are lined with a mucous membrane that prevents germs from food or the environment from entering our bloodstream and creating inflammation, arthritis and even mood swings,” Baranczyk said. “Eating probiotics (yogurt with live cultures, tempeh, fermented fruit or vegetables) and prebiotics (onions, bananas, berries) that feed probiotics keep the gut flora healthy.”
“A lot of the foods we eat aren't prepared properly and we can't always digest them,” Baranczyk said.
For example, some people have a reaction when they eat bread.
“That's because the grains contain phytic acid which can cause digestive issues and irritations,” she explained. “When the grain is fermented it breaks down the phytic acid layer and the body is better able to absorb the nutrients.”
Fermented bread is also known as honest-to-goodness sour dough bread, and is only one of many healthy options.
Baranczyk also makes her own Kombucha, which is a black tea with added sugar that is allowed to ferment on the kitchen counter.
“You add a SCOBY, a starter culture, which is rubbery and looks gross but is a healthy bacterium and yeast that is used to ferment the tea,”
Baranczyk said. “They eat the sugar and that increases the pro-biotic content and nutrient content, which makes it really easy for your body to digest.”
The Kombucha becomes carbonated, is consumed cold and can be a healthy alternative to soda. Another easy way to a healthy digestive tract is though fermented raw vegetables.
“Chop raw vegetables with salt, cover with water and cover with a loose lid and let it sit for a week,” said Baranczyk. “Home fermentation of vegetables preserves them without the use of any pressure or heat.”
It's really simple, Baranczyk added. Want to improve your gut health, but don't want to take the Kombucha leap? Avoid processed foods, add more fruits and vegetables. “They all impact your gut health!” she said.
See the Jan. 1 edition of the Star Journal for a schedule of Chelsey's and other Community Ed classes. For more information on digestive health, visit rootedessence.com.
Bernard Tomic made a shock first-round exit in Memphis as Fabio Fognini was beaten in Buenos Aires on Tuesday.
Australian fifth seed Tomic was stunningly beaten by Darian King 6-4 6-4 at the Memphis Open.
Qualifier King became the first player from Barbados to win an ATP World Tour main-draw match in the Open Era, while Tomic now holds a 2-3 record this year.
Also in Memphis, last year's runner-up Taylor Fritz battled past eighth seed Lu Yen-hsun 4-6 7-6 (7-4) 7-6 (9-7).
American teenager Fritz saved three match points and came from 6-4 down in the third-set tie-break.
Steve Darcis, the 2008 champion, was the only seed to advance, the Belgian overcoming Radu Albot 7-5 3-6 6-4.
Ryan Harrison beat Konstantin Kravchuk 6-3 7-5, qualifier Matthew Ebden claimed a 6-7 (4-7) 6-3 6-1 win over Peter Polansky and Tim Smyczek recorded a 6-3 5-7 6-3 win against Frances Tiafoe in an all-American affair.
At the Argentina Open, Italian seventh seed Fognini – the 2014 runner-up – went down to one-time champion Tommy Robredo 6-4 6-3.
The only other two seeds in action on the clay in Buenos Aires, Albert Ramos-Vinolas and Joao Sousa, came through their openers.
Sousa was too good for local Horacio Zeballos 6-2 7-6 (7-4) and Ramos-Vinolas battled past Guido Pella 6-7 (8-10) 6-4 7-6 (8-6).
Alexandr Dolgopolov brought an early end to Janko Tipsarevic's tournament with a 6-3 6-3 victory.
There were also wins for Diego Schwartzman, Carlos Berlocq, Alessandro Giannessi and Guido Andreozzi.
(Photo by Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP, File). FILE - In this Jan. 8, 2018, file photo, Roseanne Barr participates in the "Roseanne" panel during the Disney/ABC Television Critics Association Winter Press Tour in Pasadena, Calif. ABC canceled its hit r...
By The Associated Press
Ambien and similar sleep aids are well-known for sometimes causing some weird behavioral side effects, but changing one's political or cultural views is not one of them.
Roseanne Barr partly blamed the insomnia drug in explaining a tweet that led ABC to cancel her show: "It was 2 in the morning and I was Ambien tweeting," she wrote.
Until this week, Ambien's most headline-grabbing behavioral side effect was "sleep-driving," essentially sleepwalking except getting behind the wheel and going for a drive with no memory of doing so.
But people also have reported making phone calls, eating meals, having sex and doing other things that they don't remember after taking so-called "sedative-hypnotic" medications. People charged with crimes occasionally even have tried "the Ambien defense."
Doctors call these "complex sleep behaviors." On its official Ambien labeling, manufacturer Sanofi calls the side effects "abnormal thinking and behavioral changes" - changes that can include decreased inhibition.
"It's behavior that's done when the individual is in a sense both asleep and awake at the same time," explained University of Pittsburgh sleep medicine specialist Dr. Daniel Buysse. It's not so different from how people sometimes behave under the influence of alcohol, he added, and it can be hard to tell if the behavior really was due to the drug.
And while it's not clear how common such side effects are, Ambien's instructions clearly state: Take it right before you get into bed, and only if you plan to stay there for 7 or 8 hours.
"You should take it and lie down. Read a book or something" but don't wander around or get on the computer or do other things waiting for the medicine to kick in, said Dr. Marc Schlosberg, a sleep medicine specialist at MedStar Washington Hospital Center.
Sanofi said Wednesday in a tweet that "while all pharmaceutical treatments have side effects, racism is not a known side effect of any Sanofi medication."
Barr later tweeted that she has had odd experiences while taking the drug late at night. "I blame myself, not Ambien," she tweeted.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Appleton police released additional details Monday regarding an officer who was injured after being dragged from a man's car.
Source: WisconsinRapidsDailyTribune.com
News At Other State Sites:
1
WISCONSINREPORT.COM (WiscReport.com) is not affiliated with Wisconsin Government or any state agency, department, entity, or other website or printed publication with Wisconsin in it's name. Established in 2002, we operate completely independent from political parties and other forms of outside influence. Our Mission is to report the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth. We are WiscReport on Twitter and Facebook. A Morbizco Internet Media online publication. – WisconsinReport.com.
Learn More about WisconsinReport.com.
Former Isle of Wight Fire Chief, Steve Apter, has been involved in helping to tackle the frightening and devastating fire that has ripped through the Grenfell Tower Block in Latimer Road, North Kensington over the past two days.
Having watched the horrifying scenes from the safe distance of the Isle of Wight, many will share the thoughts of Steve Apter, who this morning tweeted,
I woke this morning, like many, hoping yesterday had been a bad dream. Reflecting on the reality. So proud of our teams, thoughts with all. — Steve Apter (@LFBsteveapter) June 15, 2017
Major incident
The fire, which was quickly declared a major incident by London Mayor Sadiq Khan, began in the early hours of Tuesday morning, but has only just this morning (Thursday) reached the stage of being damped down.
Twelve people are already confirmed as having lost their lives to the fire and, tragically, dozens more are expected to join the list today, as crews continue to search the building.
Full investigation
Yesterday, Steve told the press,
“The fire, which was unprecedented in its scale and speed, will be subject to a full fire investigation. “Any lessons learnt from this will be borne out not just across London, across the UK – and lessons learnt globally.”
Background
Steve became a retained firefighter for the Isle of Wight Fire and Rescue Service 27 years ago.
He was promoted to Isle of Wight Fire Chief in June 2011 – taking over from Paul Street.
Moving on from the Island to become Hampshire Fire and Rescue Service's Assistant Chief Officer he was then was handpicked to be London Fire Brigade's Interim Deputy Commissioner in November 2016.
He is now Director of Safety and Assurance at London Fire Brigade.
Island community spirit
Many shops and businesses on the Isle of Wight have been collecting donations of money and clothing to send up to the victims of the tower block fire.
Unprecedented challenge
North Kensington Area Manager, Rob Cole, said.
“Our thoughts are with those involved in this tragic fire, and our London Fire Brigade and emergency services colleagues dealing with the incident. “This fire was of a scale that is rarely seen, presenting an unprecedented challenge to the crews responding and their efforts to help the public. “A full investigation will be carried out by the appropriate authorities, so it would be wrong to speculate on the circumstances around the incident.
Our sincerest thoughts go out to everyone affected by this horrendous tragedy and full praise to all the emergency services and community members who have helped the victims.
ALEXANDRIA, Va. (WATE) – East Tennessee Representative Chuck Fleischmann said he is still in shock after a rifle-wielding gunman opened fire at a congressional baseball practice just outside of Washington.
Fleischmann talked with reporters just hours after the game, still wearing his Tennessee hat and jersey from practice. He said he was walking down the third baseline talking to U.S. Representative Trent Kelly from Mississippi when he heard a popping noise.
Related: Top GOP lawmaker wounded; gunfire at baseball practice
“I didn't know it was a gun at first, so we were standing around. Within moments there was a barrage of shots being fired,” said Fleischmann. “We hit the ground immediately and then we realized that we were literally out there. We didn't exactly know where the shots were coming from, but it was loud, it was constant.”
The congressman said he ran in the dug-out and realized there were children in the dug-out watching the game and the shooting was still active. Fleischmann said the children were secured against a wall in the dug-out.
“Fortunately, the Capitol Police were able to return fire and stop the shooter from moving forward, because we were like sitting ducks in the dug-out,” said Fleischmann. “It seemed like it went on for quite some time, because when I got into the dug-out with the members there I realized one gentleman had been shot in the leg and was bleeding and I could actually see the bullet hole in his leg. Other members were bloodied up just trying to get there.”
Fleischmann said calls went out for back-up and officers arrived from Virginia Police Department to help subdue the shooter.
“Thank God for the Capitol Police. They were there to guard our whip Steve Scalise, but for that fact there would have been much, much more damage,” said Fleischmann. “The congressional baseball game has gone on for over 100 years. This is where Republicans and Democrats come together, raise hundreds of thousands of dollars for charity. We practice for a couple months leading up to the game. This should be a happy and safe time and a very happy and safe time for Americans, on a ballfield.”
House Republican, Steve Scalise of Louisiana, was shot and wounded. Several other people were also wounded, and at least two were in critical condition.
Capitol Police officers who were in Scalise's security detail returned fire and wounded the shooter, who was taken into custody. In all, five people were taken to area hospitals, including the suspect, Alexandria police said.
“This is a horrible aberration and it makes us fear for our security,” said Fleischmann. “My thoughts and prayers and sincere thanks go out to them. A lot more members would have been more seriously hurt if they had not been there to return fire.”
The shooting has many asking questions about changes to security for representatives outside of the Capitol. Those like Scalise have security, but other congressman and and representatives do not. Fleischmann said he has always felt safe in his district.
“I represent wonderful people in East Tennessee,” said Fleischmann. “I've always wanted to be out with the people. That's where I feel the best seeing the common men and women in this country who are great and make this country great each and every day. I'm not going to change that. If someone wants to take an act of violence against me, I hope and pray they never do, but we cannot let the bad guys win this thing. We have to come together as Americans and get this right.”
Senator Bob Corker
“My prayers are with all those affected by this morning's shooting. I am extremely grateful for our brave Capitol Police officers.”
Congressman John J. Duncan, Jr.
“I am very saddened by today's shooting that occurred during practice for the Congressional Baseball Game for charity. This is a tragedy which I hope does not happen again. “At this point, I do not know the extent of the injuries to all those who were shot. I certainly hope that they have a speedy recovery, and all the victims have my sympathy, and best wishes.”
Congressman Steve Cohen
“My thoughts go out to House Majority Whip Steve Scalise, the Capitol Police officers, the staff and all those affected by this morning's horrific shooting at the Congressional baseball practice in Virginia. I hope the victims all make a quick and full recovery. I've feared violence directed at a Member of Congress ever since Rep. Gabrielle Giffords was shot at an event in 2011. There's been too much violence, too much hate, and too much anger.”
Rep. Phil Roe
“This morning's shooting was a senseless and shocking act, and my thoughts and prayers are with everyone who was at practice this morning, especially my friend Steve Scalise, all who were injured and their families. I am incredibly thankful for the brave actions of the Capitol Police officers and first responders at the scene.”
Copyright 2017 WATE. All rights reserved.
The second poster of one of the most-awaited movie ‘Indu Sarkar' was released on Wednesday. Directed by Madhur Bhandarkar, the movie features Neil Nitin Mukhesh and Supriya Vinod.
The poster that has been shared by Neil Nitin Mukesh has left us smitten. Neil who plays the role of Sanjay Gandhi shares an uncanny resemblance to his character.
Neil shared the picture on Twitter with the caption, “In my most daring character portrayed on screen ever.”
Indu Sarkar which is based on the Emergency, a 21-year-month long period from 1975 to 1977 when Prime Minister Indira Gandhi declared state of emergency across the country.
‘Indu Sarkar' which also features Supriya Vinod, Anupam Kher and Tota Roy Chowdhury in prominent roles is scheduled to release on July 28.
Russia's Federal Air Transport Agency has suspended the air operator's certificate (AOC) for Saratov Airlines, effective May 31, because of a violation of flight safety rules.
Saratov Airlines confirmed it has stopped all flights and announced it will issue refunds.
According to an agency statement, Saratov's flight time plans were in violation of fatigue control regulations. In addition, the agency said the crews deliberately failed to comply with flight time limitations and, further, that airline management did not monitor the situation. Authorities denounced the company to be unreliable in the way it monitors and accounts for crew flight time.
The agency is in negotiations with other airlines—including Aeroflot Airline, Utair Aviation, S7 Airlines, Red Wings Airlines, Ural Airlines—to carry Saratov passengers through June 13.
Authorities carried out inspections in March after a Saratov Airlines Antonov An-148, en route from Moscow Domodedovo-Orsk, crashed several minutes after takeoff on Feb. 11, killing all 71 passengers and crew. The carrier's An-148 fleet was grounded after the crash.
Russian authorities temporarily restricted Saratov's AOC after the crash, but at the end of April extended it through May 30.
On May 17, Saratov announced it was rebranding as Ivolga Airlines and had already taken delivery of its first Embraer E-190 with the new branding.
Polina Montag-Girmes Montag.girmes@gmail.com
MINNEAPOLIS — Ray Lewis and Brian Urlacher terrorized opposing offences from the middle of the field. Randy Moss and Terrell Owens did the same to defences on the outside.
The two hard-hitting linebackers and two big-play receivers highlighted an eight-person class voted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame on Saturday. Safety Brian Dawkins also received at least 80 per cent support from the 47 Hall of Fame voters, along with contributor Bobby Beathard and senior nominees Jerry Kramer and Robert Brazile.
But the biggest stars of the class are the two linebackers that made it on their first tries, and the pair of lightning-rod receiver who sometimes caused as many problems for their own teams as for the opposition. Moss also made it on his first try, while Owens needed to wait for his third year on the ballot to get enough support.
“I've been going a long time. And now I can finally rest,” Lewis said. “I want to go fishing with a cigar now and just sit back. I don't want to work out every day now.”
Moss and Owens each played for five teams in their careers as they often wore out their welcome with their inability to get along with teammates and coaches at times.
But at their best, there were few players ever able to strike fear in defences as much as Moss and Owens, who were both all-decade selections for the 2000s.
“The door knocked and I started getting excited,” Moss said of Hall of Fame President David Baker alerting him he has been elected. “All the emotions caught the best of me because it's been a long journey and it ends in the Pro Football Hall of Fame. Tears of joy.”
Moss burst on the scene as a rookie in Minnesota in 1998 when he caught a league-leading 17 TD catches and helped lead the Vikings to the NFC title game. His combination of speed and athleticism made him the game's most dangerous big-play threat and led to the phrase “You got Mossed” for embarrassed defensive backs.
He led the NFL in TD catches five times, including his record 23 for New England in 2007, and earned four All-Pro selections. He finished his career with 982 catches for 15,292 yards and ranks second all-time with 156 TD receptions.
Owens, who didn't attend the announcement, entered the league as a third-round pick by San Francisco in 1996 but developed into a star known for some memorable playoff appearances, including his winning 25-yard TD catches to beat Green Bay in 1999; his 177 yards in a comeback win against the Giants in 2003; and his nine catches for 122 yards in the 2004 Super Bowl against New England just seven weeks after breaking his leg.
Owens ranks second to Jerry Rice with 15,934 yards receiving and is third on the all-time touchdowns receiving list with 153.
Lewis is widely considered one of the greatest middle linebackers, winning two AP Defensive Player of the Year awards and earning eight All-Pro selections. He anchored a dominant defence for the 2000 Baltimore Ravens in a season that ended with him winning Super Bowl MVP, then retired as a champion after Baltimore closed his last season with a title win over San Francisco in February 2013.
“Growing up as a child, I know what that looked like, Mike Singletary, Dick Butkus,” Lewis said. “Who dreams of being in that category, sitting with those guys?”
Lewis joined tackle Jonathan Ogden as the only Ravens voted into the Hall of Fame as both of the team's first-round picks in its initial season of 1996 received the high honour.
Lewis' career was also marked by legal problems off the field. He pleaded guilty to a misdemeanour charge of obstruction of justice after initially being charged with murder in connection with two killings following a Super Bowl party in Atlanta in January 2000. Lewis was also fined $250,000 by the NFL.
Urlacher wasn't far behind Lewis with his play on the field and is the latest in a line of great Chicago middle linebackers to make the Hall, joining Butkus, Singletary and Bill George. He was the Defensive Player of the Year of 2005 and joined Lewis on the 2000s all-decade team.
Dawkins spent most of his 16-year career in Philadelphia, earning five first-team All-Pro selections for his versatility that included 37 career interceptions and 26 career sacks. He became the first player in NFL history with a sack, interception, fumble recovery and touchdown catch in the same game against Houston in 2002.
Kramer got passed over 10 times previously as a finalist before finally getting enough votes as a senior to become the 14th member of the Vince Lombardi Packers to make the Hall. Kramer helped anchor the Green Bay line for 11 seasons, winning six NFL titles and making the block that cleared the way for Bart Starr's TD sneak in the “Ice Bowl” for the 1967 NFL championship.
Brazile was a finalist for the first time after a 10-year career for the Houston Oilers that included five straight All-Pro selections.
Beathard, also not on hand Saturday, helped build four Super Bowl champions in Miami and Washington and made seven trips to the title game during more than three decades as a personnel executive with a sharp eye for talent.
Five offensive linemen were among the 15 finalists, with tackle Joe Jacoby getting eliminated in voting that reduced the candidates to 10, and tackle Tony Boselli, guards Alan Faneca and Steve Hutchinson, and centre Kevin Mawae getting cut in the next round of voting.
Cornerback Ty Law also made it to the final 10 in his second time on the ballot. Defensive backs John Lynch and Everson Walls, receiver Isaac Bruce and running back Edgerrin James were the other candidates eliminated in the first cuts.
“I'm glad I didn't have to vote for this class,” Urlacher said. “It's a great class.”
——
More AP NFL: pro32.ap.org and twitter.com/AP–NFL
The 20-year-old is looking for a “cougar” he can get serious with in the villa
20-year-old Love Island contestant Wes Nelson may be a design engineer, but you could say he's Instagram famous thanks to a few videos of him kickboxing that have gone viral.
Advertisement
He says he thinks he will stand out from everyone else in the villa because of his “intellect”. “I am very academic,” he explains.
Wes is looking forward to making friends for life on Love Island: “We're all going to be together 24 hours a day, seven days a week which you'd never do with anyone outside of the villa, so I think those friendships are going to be lifelong.”
As for his relationship history, Wes has been in a two-and-a-half-year relationship which “went a bit sour towards the end”.
“I think she'd say I was a great boyfriend. I've been raised in a family-orientated household so values and respect are big parts of my life and I definitely implemented that in my relationships”.
What is Wes looking for in a girl?
Wes is not messing around. “I'm looking for a partner,” he says. “I'm looking for someone I can settle down with and tame my wild lifestyle. I am 20 years old but I'd say I am ahead of my age in terms of maturity and in terms of who I am and my mannerisms. I don't think I'd be childish in there. I consider myself a mature person so definitely looking for something serious.”
He'd like to be with an older girl – “I always go for the cougars!” – with “genuine compassion and genuine feelings” and he wants to avoid anyone who is “really arrogant” or “ignorant in their own ways”.
Who is Wes Nelson? Key facts:
Who is Wes coupled up with on Love Island? Laura Anderson
Age: 20
Job: Electrical and Nuclear Systems Design Engineer
Twitter: @WesLNelson
Instagram: @wes.nelson
Location: Staffordshire
Advertisement
Love Island airs daily at 9pm on ITV2
COLUMBIA, Mo. — Missouri has shown upward mobility under first-year coach Cuonzo Martin, and the latest sign came Saturday — the Tigers' first victory over Kentucky.
Behind 16 points each from Jordan Barnett and Kassius Robertson, the Tigers finally cleared that Big Blue hurdle with a 69-60 victory against the No. 21 Wildcats.
Missouri (15-8, 5-5 Southeastern Conference) had been 0-10 vs. Kentucky (17-6, 6-4) since the teams first played in 1960.
“It's definitely a really good win, but that's maybe how I look at it — it's just another win,” Barnett said. “We're going to keep competing and hopefully put together a string of wins. I'm not treating this one any different just because of the name on the front of the jersey.”
Kentucky won at least a share of the SEC regular-season basketball title the last three years, while Missouri finished last each time.
Martin said he didn't realize Missouri had never beaten Kentucky until he was asked about it after the game.
“It's good for our guys, because there have been some tough years,” Martin said.
The Wildcats didn't look like a typical Kentucky team. They shot just 31.3 per cent from the field and finished with only nine assists.
“The biggest thing is we refuse to pass the ball,” coach John Calipari said. “I don't have any answer for that.”
Kentucky, which started five freshmen, had only one player reach double figures. Shai Gilgeous-Alexander finished with 15 points but made only 5 of 16 shots.
Missouri got nice contributions from its freshmen big men, Jontay Porter and Jeremiah Tilmon. Porter finished with 13 points, eight rebounds and three blocks. Tilmon added nine points and two blocks.
Missouri led 28-18 at halftime. Late in the first half, Kentucky's Jarred Vanderbilt took exception to Jared Geist's box-out, wrestled Geist to the court and had to be restrained. Both players received technical fouls, and Vanderbilt was assessed a flagrant foul.
Early in the second half, Geist drew a flagrant foul for elbowing Gilgeous-Alexander in the face.
The Wildcats had erased double-digit deficits the last two games in victories over West Virginia and Vanderbilt, but their poor shooting against Missouri's stingy defence ensured there would be no rally this time.
The Wildcats cut the lead 33-32 on Jalen Knox's layup with 16:14 remaining. Then Missouri went on an 8-0 run, started with a 3-pointer and transition layup by Porter and finished with Barnett's 3-pointer. The Tigers maintained the lead the rest of the way.
“Give Missouri credit,” Calipari said. “They did a great job and fought. I thought we had our chances at the start of the second half, and then we come down and do freshmen stuff.”
BIG PICTURE
Kentucky: The Wildcats made just 2 of 20 shots from 3-point range. The Wildcats' nation-leading streak of 1,035 straight games with a made 3-pointer — dating to Nov. 28, 1998 — was in jeopardy until Wenyen Gabriel made one with 2:53 left in the game.
“I would imagine they would make more if nobody was on the floor, so we had something to do with it,” Martin said, referring to Missouri's defensive effort. “We did a good job of playing the scouting report.”
Missouri: The Tigers have played themselves back into NCAA Tournament contention in the last week with two straight victories over top-half SEC teams. Missouri won at Alabama on Wednesday.
“To experience what I experienced those first two years and to have the type of success we're having now, it's great,” junior forward Kevin Puryear said.
STEADY AS HE GOES
In the first half, Barnett was a non-factor, going 0 for 3 from the field. In the second half, he was far more assertive and scored 12 points.
“I give him credit — he's like this the whole time,” Martin said, moving his hand on a horizontal plane. “He's flying a jet from here to Asia, and he's just cruising. It doesn't matter what happens, turbulence, he's the same the whole time. That's a skill, because he's locked in on the next thing. He doesn't get concerned with what just happened.”
Puryear complimented Barnett — sort of — for his resilience.
“I mean this in the nicest way possible, but Barnett just doesn't care,” Puryear said. “He's going to shoot the ball. He has no conscience whatsoever.”
ROUGH DAY FOR KNOX
Knox, who entered the game averaging 15.6 points, scored just five points on 2-of-6 shooting. Knox, a highly touted freshman who considered Missouri before signing with Kentucky, was booed by the Mizzou student section each time he touched the ball.
Vanderbilt said there was no connection between the fans' reaction and Knox's performance.
“You have good games, you have bad games,” he said. “This just happened to be one of them.”
Calipari said he didn't know why Knox struggled.
“But it wasn't just Kevin,” he said. “We made one jump shot in the first half.”
UP NEXT
Kentucky: Hosts 18th-ranked Tennessee on Tuesday.
Missouri: Visits Mississippi on Tuesday.
Share
Pimax revealed a new knuckles-style controller that will ship with the company's virtual reality headset. The prototype introduced on Tuesday, April 24, specifically focuses on right-handed gamers as their fingers wrap around the “stem” of the controller. It borrows from Valve Software's still-unreleased “knuckles” design in that it supports all five fingers, not just two.
The new prototype includes a grip button on the left side of the controller's “stem” accessed by your middle finger, a trigger pressed by your pointing finger, and a rounded control pad area where your thumb manages the thumbstick (or trackpad), menu, and system buttons. The controller's stem includes sensors for using your ring and pinky fingers, too.
“We are looking to make a super comfortable controller with all fingers tracked. You do not need to hold it, you can relax in the games with your hands open, grab objects when close your hands, and release hands to throw objects naturally,” the company says. “There are sensors over the grip button. The controller tracks all your fingers while you hold it, and you can squeeze further with the grip button as well.”
If the prototype seems familiar, it looks like a distant cousin of the Romulan warbird in Star Trek: The Next Generation. But in reality, a hand strap simply connects to the right side of the controller while a second, larger ring resides over the entire hand. This larger component is the tracking contour, and as many customers point out, could be an issue when placing your hands near your face.
Pimax's prototype is based on feedback from the community waiting patiently for the company's virtual reality headset. The peripheral includes the grip, menu, system, and trigger buttons so it's compatible with SteamVR and Oculus-based content. Pimax expects to complete the prototype in the third quarter of 2018 for testing, feedback, and additional improvements.
“For controller backers, we understand some of you are swaying between thumbstick and trackpad,” the company adds. “You will still have a chance to switch your option when the controller prototype comes out.
The prototype surfaces after Pimax explained why it continues to delay it's “8K” virtual reality headset. Pimax originally targeted a January release, but pushed back the Kickstarter launch given the company was on its fifth prototype in December and exploring new hardware to better maintain high refresh rates. To appease backers, Pimax decided to release a pre-production model called M1, but even that model experienced a setback because the lenses due to arrive in February showed up late.
“Given the vendor will deliver the newly designed lens in early May, we are looking to ship M1 to testers in May, when the units have been assembled and tested,” the company said.
Pimax's Kickstarter campaign promises the world's first 8K VR headset sporting two displays with a 3,840 x 2,160 resolution each and a combined 200-degree field of view. The larger resolution will help reduce the “screen door” effect caused by viewing the dark spaces between each pixel on lower resolutions.
MOSCOW — No Russian team has made it out of the group stage at the World Cup since the Soviet era and a spate of recent injuries is going to make it tough on the hosts again this year.
Expectations have plummeted since Russia won the right to host the World Cup eight years ago. Back then, the team glowed with potential after reaching the semifinals at the 2008 European Championship.
But there has been no Russian revival. Despite having the largest population in Europe and a rich football history, Russia is a sleeping giant that remains dormant.
At Euro 2018, Russia was better known for its marauding hooligans than its defence-first approach in games.
The Russians appeared to have the luck of the draw at the Kremlin in December, however. They were handed a World Cup opener on June 14 against Saudi Arabia — the only team in the FIFA rankings below the hosts — while Egypt and Uruguay complete the group.
However, recent friendlies have shown the injury-hit Russian defence could struggle to contain two of the game's most potent strikers: Mohamed Salah of Egypt and Luis Suarez of Uruguay.
Even if Russia makes it out of the group, a stiff challenge is likely in the next round from Portugal or Spain.
Russia's World Cup squad will consist almost entirely of players who play in the domestic league, largely thanks to a limit on foreign players. Advocates of the curbs say it ensures homegrown youngsters get a fair chance to develop, but critics argue that reducing inter-squad competition and lower-quality opposition can make players complacent.
Here's a closer look at the Russia team:
COACH
Stanislav Cherchesov has tried to refresh a team that was one of the oldest at Euro 2016.
The former international goalkeeper made younger players such as Roman Zobnin (24) and Aleksandr Golovin (21) into key members of the team, but has yet to turn that potential into standout performances.
Injuries have put his preference for three central defenders under scrutiny, since the replacements have struggled in friendlies.
GOALKEEPERS
Russia captain Igor Akinfeev shot to fame as the 22-year-old goalkeeper who pulled off stunning saves on the team's way to the semifinals at Euro 2008.
Predictions of a big-money transfer never materialized and he spent his entire career at CSKA Moscow. He has a tendency to make errors in high-profile games, including an embarrassing fumble which let South Korea score at the 2014 World Cup.
DEFENDERS
Injuries have hit Russia's back line hard, with central defenders Viktor Vasin and Georgy Dzhikiya both sustaining severe knee injuries.
In their place, the trio of Fyodor Kudryashov, Roman Neustaedter and Vladimir Granat were overwhelmed by France in a 3-1 friendly loss in March.
Former Chelsea wingback Yuri Zhirkov could start on the left, with Brazil-born Mario Fernandes a contender for a spot on the right.
MIDFIELDERS
Zobnin and Golovin are Russia's main emerging talents.
Golovin, a creative spark for CSKA Moscow, seemed overawed at Euro 2016 but now has more experience.
Playing deeper than he does for Spartak Moscow, Denis Glushakov is likely to be under pressure as the main defensive midfielder. And playmaker Alan Dzagoev, once considered one of Europe's brightest young talents but now 27, has a chance to finally make a meaningful impact at international level.
FORWARDS
Aleksandr Kokorin's injury has dramatically reduced Russia's attacking options.
Fyodor Smolov, the Russian league's top scorer for the last three seasons, is the clear leading choice, but understudies Dmitry Poloz and Anton Zabolotny have failed to impress so far.
Cherchesov could still call on Artyom Dzyuba, who has 11 goals in 22 Russia games, but his stock has fallen after conflicts with the Zenit St. Petersburg management led to him being sent on loan to Arsenal Tula.
GROUP GAMES
The hosts open the tournament against Saudi Arabia on June 14 in Moscow, near their training base. Russia, which reached the quarterfinals in 1958, 1962 and 1970 as the Soviet Union, then faces Egypt on June 19 and Uruguay on June 25.
——
More AP World Cup coverage: http://www.apnews.com/tag/WorldCup
Veterans of 1988 know it as Paskapoo, that busy place on the hill to the west, where the ski jumps stretch like grain elevators against the sunset, casting shadows of days gone by over the city of Calgary.
It's called Canada Olympic Park now, and both Mackenzie Boyd-Clowes and Taylor Henrich grew into the athletes they are in those shadows and on those jumps, which were built for the 1988 Winter Olympics.
Boyd-Clowes, 26, and Henrich, 22, are legacy babies who will represent their city and their country in Pyeongchang next month.
They are Canada's Olympic ski jumping team. It's too small, for certain, as Ski Jumping Canada CEO Tom Reid and head coach Gregor Linsig were hoping for at least twice that many athletes, especially since there were six in Sochi, where women's ski jumping made its Olympic debut.
Atsuko Tanaka and Henrich finished 12th and 13th respectively. Boyd-Clowes was 25th on the large hill, the only Canadian man to make a final on a team that included Dusty Korek, Trevor Morrice and Matthew Rowley.
It surely feels like this program has taken a step backward. But Boyd-Clowes and Henrich are keeping the flame lit, the legacy of 1988 alive.
“My mom started me in a program here at COP through a summer camp,” Henrich said in a December interview. “I really liked jumping off stuff and what kid doesn't, right? I'm definitely an adrenalin junkie. I love extreme sports, they're in my blood. Anything related to extreme has my name written all over it and ski jumping was one sport that just stood out. You get to fly. It's a lot of fun.”
Boyd-Clowes, who was born in Toronto, said he didn't even know what ski jumping was, but his parents put him in a summer camp at COP and he found out soon enough.
“I didn't have dreams of becoming a ski jumper right then. It grew over time. My story of becoming a ski jumper is vastly different than a lot of the guys who are really, really successful in the bigger countries because they were able to watch it on TV and have these idols. I never had people to look up to, examples of what the sport really was. But I'm glad I did it.”
Boyd-Clowes has since attached himself to the U.S. team and spends eight months a year in Europe. He trains mostly in Slovenia, where ski jumping is king, and the best athletes get their faces on billboards and their wallets stuffed with sponsorship cash.
“Slovenians are the top four or five teams in the world. There are huge superstars coming out of the ski jumping program. So they've got new facilities, lots of money and lots of interest in ski jumping,” said Boyd-Clowes.
“It's a 20-minute drive from where I live to the gym and on that drive you'll see six or seven billboards with ski jumper's faces on them. Which is a little bit different than here.”
The ski jumping team doesn't have a profile in Canada. But Boyd-Clowes is hitting the incredibly competitive World Cup top 30 and 40 and Henrich won a world championship medal a few years ago. Behind each of them is a new wave of even fresher faces. It's a modest program now, but there is a future.
“I'm seen as an underdog on the European scene,” said Boyd-Clowes. “They don't have high expectations of me, coming from Canada, because they know it's not a big sport here. I can often times surprise them with good results.”
If the Canadians get those results in Pyeongchang, they will raise eyebrows and they might just attract more kids to the jumps in Calgary. Boyd-Clowes said he was comfortable on the wind-swept hills in Pyeongchang at a test event last year, since the blustery conditions reminded him of home.
“I immediately clicked with the hills. It made sense to me. There were changing winds which sometimes affects the other jumpers more than me, because I'm used to jumping (in Calgary). On the small hill in Pyeongchang last year, I was top seven in the world all rounds but one. I ended up dropping a few places in the last round. In qualifications I think I was sixth. After the first round I was seventh. That was a pretty huge confidence boost.”
Henrich is aiming for top 10 in Pyeongchang but has had an off year, one complicated by an ankle injury. She is still the leader of the pack in Canada, but the pack — Natasha Bodnarchuk, Natalie Eilers, Nicole Maurer and Abigail Strate — is charging. And they're all Calgary-born legacy babies, just like Henrich.
“I was in a summer camp that took me through a bunch of different sports. One was skied jumping,” Bodnarchuk said. “I guess I was one of the kids who actually wanted to try it. There was a coach nearby who was recruiting people. He came up to me and saw that I was doing it, I was landing. He said ‘Natasha, you're a future Olympian.' So I just fell in love with it.”
She is the future. After falling just short of qualifying for Pyeongchang, she will be looked upon to lead the women's team into 2022 in Beijing. To keep the flame lit, the legacy alive.
• Email: dbarnes@postmedia.com | Twitter: @sportsdanbarnes
How can a genuinely democratic, equitable and sustainable society be created? Donate to order this gift now!
ESCONDIDO, Calif. — Authorities have arrested a suspect in the stabbing death of a 75-year-old retiree more than three decades ago in Southern California.
Police in Escondido say technology led to new analysis of fingerprints from the apartment where Richard Finney was stabbed 31 times in 1986.
The San Diego Union-Tribune reported Monday that Nathan Eugene Mathis faces a charge of murder and an allegation that he used a knife in the attack. The 62-year-old retired security guard pleaded not guilty last week.
Investigators haven't named a possible motive or said whether the defendant and the victim knew each other.
Gina Turi Curry, Finney's granddaughter, tells the newspaper she burst into tears when police informed her of the arrest.
——
Information from: The San Diego Union-Tribune, http://www.utsandiego.com
VANCOUVER — When Jeanine McDonald heard a pop in her low back as she bent down to pick up a lid from a box, she had no idea she'd ruptured a disc and would wait three months for surgery. Then a second disc ruptured and left her in more debilitating chronic pain, the kind that millions of Canadians live with daily.
In McDonald's case, a condition called cauda equina syndrome, involving a bundle of spinal-cord nerves, causes severe neuropathic pain in her lower legs and feet, forcing her to wear leg braces and forearm crutches so she can walk.
Her neurosurgeon told her there's no known reason why the two discs ruptured three years apart, in 2005 and 2008, leaving her able to work only one day a week for a non-profit organization helping families of special-needs kids.
“There's super sharp pins-and-needles type of pain and what I call fire feet, which is a burning type of pain that happens,” McDonald said. “And there's what I refer to as Charlie horses on steroids. You have to find humour in it or you just lose your mind.”
McDonald spent two years in search of a specialist who prescribed her current cocktail of medications including opioids so she could function. She also gets treatment from a psychiatrist specializing in conditions including those affecting the spinal cord, and counts on support from a patient-advocacy and health professionals' group called PainBC.
It's considered the most patient-focused group in the country among several organizations that are pushing for a national pain strategy, which would see the federal government establish a framework for provinces and territories to deliver programs addressing awareness, education for health professionals, early access to care and research.
Dr. Fiona Campbell, president-elect of the Canadian Pain Society consisting of clinicians, patients and educators, said groups involved in chronic-pain initiatives, including in British Columbia, Ontario, Quebec, Saskatchewan, Alberta and Nova Scotia, want better services for acute pain as well, before people develop chronic pain, which changes the central nervous system and could affect mental health.
The society announced a national pain strategy at a summit in Ottawa in 2012 but the federal government did not adopt it.
“We're now at what one might call a tipping point, where the ducks are aligning,” said Campbell, an anesthesiologist and co-director of the Pain Centre at the Hospital for Sick Children in Toronto.
“There's more of an appetite and awareness about pain, which has probably arisen related to the opioid crisis, which is not the same as saying all people with chronic pain are taking opioids or affected by the opioid crisis. It just means it's become more sentient in the public mind.”
Dr. Norman Buckley, scientific director of the Michael G. DeGroote Institute for Pain Research and Care at McMaster University, also heads the Chronic Pain Network through a five-year funding arrangement with the Canadian Institutes of Health Research. He said the aim is to train researchers and translate that knowledge into policy action.
“Guys come in, they sit in my office and cry because they can't pick up their grandchildren,” Buckley said of patients with back pain, one of the most common chronic-pain conditions, along with arthritis.
While groups including PainBC and SaskPain are working to get provincial funding for multidisciplinary pain clinics, Quebec leads the country with a strategy that incorporates care as well as research.
Jacques Laliberte, immediate past president of the Quebec Association of Chronic Pain Patients, said that in 2010, the province established centres of expertise at hospitals linked with four of its universities before creating regional centres to provide chronic-pain services.
“Our main activity right now is to have support groups throughout the province of Quebec and we have about 17 of them,” said Laliberte, who nearly broke his neck in a snowboarding accident in 2003 before taking on the role of leading the association he helped form at the urging of a doctor.
More regional centres are needed in Quebec, Laliberte said, adding: “We're still striving to get chronic pain understood by decision makers.”
In Ontario, the provincial government enhanced funding in 2016 for its current 18 multidisciplinary clinics as part of a pain management plan that includes a strategy to prevent opioid addiction. It also expanded training for primary care providers via case-based learning and video-conferencing sessions to manage chronic pain, the province's Health Ministry said in a statement.
“A data-driven national pain strategy would help inform ministry work in Ontario,” it says.
Dr. Owen Williamson, president of the Pain Medicine Physicians of B.C. Society, said chronic pain affects one in five Canadians, many of whom develop anxiety and depression.
“There's more disability associated with chronic pain than with hypertension, diabetes, HIV and even cancer,” he said.
“It's a $60-billion drain a year on our economy,” said Williamson of visits to doctors' offices, emergency-room and surgeries.
Williamson, who treats patients at a clinic in Surrey as part of a team of health-care providers including physiotherapists, psychologists and social workers, said Australia has led the way with its national pain strategy.
“For example, in New South Wales, they've shown greater access to pain management services, pain and disability outcomes are better, the use of opioids has been reduced, deaths through suicide are reduced and there's been a reduced impact of the cost of managing pain.”
Canada needs “political champions” in order to create its own pain strategy, he said.
Health Canada has not committed to any action. It said in a statement it's aware of “recent calls for a national pain strategy, including those proposed by the Chronic Pain Network and the Canadian Pain Society, and understands the importance of a responsible approach to pain management for Canadians.”
— Follow @CamilleBains1 on Twitter.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Free signed stories for babies are to be on offer at Chester's Storyhouse.
The city's popular ‘Signed Storytime' is to make a regular welcome return to the busy arts venue.
Some of the best stories for babies will be brought to life thanks to an interpreter funded by the Deafness Support Network (DSN) following a donation from One-Stop Shop's Carriers for Causes Fund.
Carriers for Causes grants are available to good causes within two miles of a One-Stop shop for projects that benefit local communities.
With deafness said to be a hot topic at the moment thanks to the short British Sign Languaged film Silent Child, DSN is encouraging the families of the very youngest of children to be inspired to learn more about deafness and BSL.
A British Sign Language (BSL) interpreter will be assisting the engagement team at the Baby Rhyme Time taking place in the Chester children's library at the Hunter Street centre at 10.15am and 11.15am on the last Friday of the month. The first will take place on Friday (April 27).
Gill Reeder at DSN said: “Watching an interpreter using BSL is always quite a captivating experience especially when they are interpreting children's books.
“The funding will allow not only D/deaf children and their families to attend these sessions but also help to hear children to see BSL in action and maybe even inspire their families to learn more about this beautiful language.”
To find out more visit www.storyhouse.com/event/baby-rhymetime .
As with all Baby Rhyme Time sessions parents or guardians must be present throughout the sessions which will take no longer than 30 minutes.
The term D/deaf refers to everyone with hearing loss including deaf and hard-of-hearing.
Viewers have been charmed by the beautifully shot period drama Victoria since the late queen graced our screens in 2016. Since then, there have been two series, a Christmas special and in December 2017 Victoria was renewed for a third series.
Advertisement
With all this hype surrounding the series, it seems that the show could run for almost as long as Victoria's reign.
Jenna Coleman plays Victoria and the show explores the early years of Victoria's reign. It shows her friendship with Lord Melbourne, and her marriage to Prince Albert, played by Tom Hughes.
And the pair's on-screen chemistry has leaped out of our screens and into the real world. The two have been dating for over a year.
The series is written by Daisy Goodwin. This marks the first time that she is using her history degree for television, and has claimed that accurately portraying Victoria, through carefully researching her diaries, was of the utmost importance.
You can be the judge of this yourself. The series is available to stream on Amazon Prime Video and on NOW TV, for those with subscriptions.
Advertisement
The first series is on Netflix, but streamers will have to wait a while for the second to be uploaded.
When you boot the Eve Technology Eve V detachable tablet, you're met with a splash screen that says, “Design by them us.”
The implication is that this is your tablet, made for you according, to your own specifications (or at least, someone like you). It's a whimsical nod to the “crowdsourcing,” or “crowd development,” process that was used to create the Eve V's design, and that has kept the machine in the technology news cycle since it was first conceived back in 2015.
The concept grew out of Eve Technology's experience with its first product, the T1 tablet, and its buyer's vocal ideas for how the machine could be better. That kicked off the embrace of crowdsourcing. Now that the Eve V has sold out its first flash sale in three hours, and units are shipping to early Indiegogo buyers, we can look back on the machine's timeline to see how successful the crowdsourcing process is at giving buyers exactly what they wanted.
Bottom up, not top down
What, exactly, is this “crowdsourcing” concept? We asked Eve Technology's CEO, Konstantinos Karatsevidis. He told Digital Trends it means, in essence, allowing people who are going to actually use a PC determine what it looks like, how it's designed, and what components go into making it work. It's not Microsoft, or Lenovo, or HP deciding what features users want based on some combination of research, corporate intuition, and profit objectives, but rather a democratic process aimed at delivering what users want, as expressed in an active community of more than 4,000 like-minded people.
That meant hosting hundreds of conversations at the Eve community site, opened in early 2016, where users made suggestions, commented on ideas, debated which features are more important, and decided which components should be selected to enable them. Votes were held, and the winners incorporated into the Eve V's design.
Along the way, as Karatsevidis, puts it, “The biggest challenge is that we didn't want to influence the discussion towards our own interests.” Eve Technology acted as a focus group moderator, helping the community accomplish its purpose, while working hard to avoid influence on the outcome.
The result is the Eve V, a device that our review found offers similar design and build quality to the industry standard, Microsoft's Surface Pro, at a lower price. Most notably, the Eve V challenges the Surface Pro with a display that is just as bright, equal in contrast, and with wider and more accurate color support. It's an impressive achievement for a niche 2-in-1 built in low volumes.
Breaking traditional models
Achieving quality with such unusual methodology wasn't an easy task. In fact, Karatsevidis said, “If (at the beginning) we could have known everything, like how challenging the whole industry is, maybe we would have never started.” The display we lauded in our review represented one such challenge — the first version presented to Eve Technology by its partner original device manufacturer (ODM) was subpar.
Crowdsourcing is a democratic creative process conducted by a community of like-minded people.
That decision was a departure from Eve Technology's strategy of selecting components, rather than letting the ODM make the decisions, which Karatsevidis said is the traditional model used by other PC makers. The ODM chose wrong, selecting a display that was competitive with the Surface Pro that was the benchmark at the time, but not superior to it. Eve Technology decided to delay the Eve V while they searched for a better alternative, finally settling on the display that so impressed us in our review.
The delay wasn't without a cost. The Eve V is shipping after the introduction of the newest Surface Pro, which upped the detachable tablet game. In particular, the new Surface Pen technology built into the latest Surface machines offers features and functionality — 4,096 levels of pressure sensitivity and tilt — that the Eve V can't match. It would've been competitive if it had shipped earlier in 2017, as planned.
In the end, though, the delay doesn't bother Karatsevidis all that much. “Maybe the delay wasn't so bad,” he said, “because the display we had (before the delay) was basically the same as you'd see in the Surface Pro 4 and Pro. This one is a little bit better if you look at the spec sheet, and (to really see the quality) you need to compare them side by side.”
Mediating between desire and design
One can't be faulted for wondering how such a small team — Eve Technology only recently grew to nine people — could design and ship a complex piece of personal computer technology. The answer is that the company acts as a middleman between Swedish design firm Propeller Design and the Eve community, and between the design firm and the ODM. The community voiced its desires, which Eve Technology translated to the design firm, and then the final design specifications were communicated to the manufacturer
Eve Technology wasn't alone, either. It had early helped from Intel and Microsoft, who provided some technology grant funding to go with cash from a Finnish government developmental program, and the investments made by more than 4,000 Indiegogo buyers.
In fact, it was these two mammoth companies that helped Eve Technology navigate the ODM world and select the right partner to manufacture the Eve V. That was vital assistance, helping the small company avoid many of the obstacles it faced when creating the T1 tablet — which included nearly being scammed a few times along the way.
Intel's interest in the project is obvious, while Microsoft's involvement was thanks to that company's extreme compartmentalization. The Windows 10 team was excited to see a new, dynamic company create an interesting new product to show off the operating system's capabilities, though the Surface team was not quite as excited about funding a competitor to the Surface Pro.
Perhaps Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella was the tiebreaker, having expressed an interest in the Eve V according to a story last year by Business Insider. And indeed, Nadella has received one of the first Eve V's shipped, as promised. As far a know, he hasn't yet voiced a preference for it or the Surface Pro.
Democratic compromise
The Eve V uses seventh-generation Intel Core Y-series processors rather than either the faster U-series CPU, or Intel's latest eighth-generation quad core models. But it's not due to timing, or the power savings and thermal advantages afforded by low-power processors. It certainly wasn't based on price, Karatsevidis stressed. Contrary to what some might believe, the Core Y-series chips cost the same as their U-series siblings.
Eve V built around Y-series CPUs because that's what the community decided. It was the most hotly contested decision, in fact, with numerous discussions and debates over the tradeoffs between faster performance and better battery life, and over the value of a simpler and more reliable thermal design. Eve Technology didn't weigh in on the decision. As with every aspect of the Eve V's design, the community voted, discussed, and voted again until a winner emerged.
In our testing, we found the Eve V is slower than the Surface Pro, but it also provides better battery life. Given that tablets aren't usually primarily used for hardcore processing tasks like video editing but rather are more often carried around for highly mobile productivity, it's a reasonable tradeoff. That's the result of a carefully nurtured consensus.
EVE
The Eve V is a bit thicker than the Surface Pro, and that's thanks primarily to the larger battery capacity. It's not as large a difference as it was when the Eve V was being designed, mind you. The Surface Pro 4 had a 41 watt-hour battery which increased to 45 watt-hours in the Surface Pro, versus the 48 watt-hours in the Eve V. But that, too, was a community-driven decision, based on a desire to compromise a bit on thickness and weight to work longer away from a charger.
All of this doesn't mean that the Eve community got everything it asked for, though. One example is, again, the display, where using OLED technology was the community preference. At the time, only a few companies were making OLED screens at the required size, and the Eve Technology team decided that procuring one for the Eve V wasn't possible. Consensus couldn't overcome reality.
What does it mean for product support?
We voiced concern in our review about whether a small company can consistently manufacture a quality product, and then support it after the fact. Karatsevidis believes that rather than being a hindrance, Eve Technology's smaller volume affords an advantage that larger companies can't match.
Eve Technology wasn't alone, however. It had early helped from Intel and Microsoft.
Specifically, the company has implemented quality checks with the Eve V that are only possible because it's not being produced in such massive volumes. It's put through a gauntlet of three third-party companies that look for defects, helping ensure that every Eve V that ships is problem-free.
As for technical support, Karatsevidis is confident that their outsourcing model will keep things manageable. In this case, that means leveraging the existing Windows Update process to deliver component drivers that are provided by the manufacturers as part of their own technical support processes. Each of the components used in the Eve V are industry standard, and already in use in other machines.
What's next
The measure of crowdsourcing's success is whether Eve Technology will stick with it for its next project. And the answer is a most definite “yes.”
“Our idea behind crowd development is that we would like to generally ask people what the next project should be. We don't want to stick to only one category of product, so maybe it could be another 2-in-1, or a smartphone, or a laptop, or an electric car, or whatever,” Karatsevidis said. “I think the next project, we don't know exactly what it will be, but it will be somewhat in a similar space.”
Mark Coppock/Digital Trends
Already, discussions are underway on that next project, with Eve Technology pumping the brakes only slightly to ensure that the result is a product that's realistic. According to Karatsevidis, “The only constraint we have for the community is that we don't want to go for some super crazy idea right now. Let's not look at smartphones or cars or TV sets. We're not there yet. Let's just stay in the computer category.”
If you're a fan of crowdsourcing, or of Eve Technology specifically, you won't have to long to wait to see what's next in the pipeline. The company plans to announce its next project in the first half of 2018.
SARASOTA, Fla. — A Florida high school student stirred a backlash when he held up a sign with a racially offensive message to invite his girlfriend to the prom.
The Herald-Tribune reports the 18-year-old Riverview High School student's sign read: “If I was black, I'd be picking cotton, but I'm white, so I'm picking u 4 proms.”
After a photo of the sign was posted on Snapchat and shared across social media, school officials say they're investigating.
Sarasota school district spokeswoman Tracey Beeker says administrators have spoken to the student and his parents.
In a robocall to Riverview parents, acting principal Kathy Wilks said the school does not “condone or support” the student's message.
An NAACP official encouraged school administrators to issue a district-wide response making it clear that the sign was inappropriate.
Goal of the Week | Fan Nominations via Twitter
Lend your voice to the AT&T Goal of the Week nomination process. You can nominate a goal by sending a tweet using #ATTGOTW and the player's name. View all goal clips
WINONA TWP., Ohio (WYTV) – An investigation is underway after the Youngstown Bomb Squad removed a homemade bomb from a mailbox on King Road in Winona Twp.
Police got a call about the bomb around 4:30 p.m. Sunday.
Bomb Squad Officers tried to use a robot to get the device out of the mailbox, but it was eventually removed by hand.
It was apparently made with a galvanized metal pipe.
Bomb squad officers say it looks like the fuse was lit but the device didn't work correctly.
It will be sent to a lab to test if it is a functional device.
The county auditor's website says the property is owned by Glacier Hills Farm from Lakewood, Colorado.
WYTV is heading out to the scene to get more information on the investigation. Check back here for updates, or tune into 33 WYTV News at 6:00 p.m.
Getty Image
Last week, Ariana Grande observed the one-year anniversary of the tragic bombing that occurred at her show in Manchester, and she revealed that even a year later, it's still not an easy thing for her to think about. In a new cover story in The Fader, Grande expands further on her feelings, and reveals how it impacted her songwriting.
About the attack, she says she thought it would be less difficult to talk about at this point, but it just isn't:
“I guess I thought with time, and therapy, and writing, and pouring my heart out, and talking to my friends and family that it would be easier to talk about, but it's still so hard to find the words. When you're so close to something so tragic and terrifying and opposite of what music and concerts are supposed to be, it kind of leaves you without any ground beneath your feet.”
What did bring her some happiness, though, was the response to the One Love Manchester benefit concert: “The fact that all of those people were able to turn something that represented the most heinous of humanity into something beautiful and unifying and loving is just wild.”
Adrian College Graduate Matt Mika is one of the people injured in Wednesday's shooting attack in Arlington, Virginia.
He is recovering from multiple gunshot wounds and is listed in critical condition.
Mika graduated with his bachelor's degree from Adrian College in 2001 and played for the school's baseball team. He also received his master's degree from Western Michigan University.
Mika worked in the White House under the George W. Bush administration. He also was an aide to Michigan Congressmen Dave Camp and Tim Walberg.
Six years ago, Mika became head of Government Affairs for Tyson Foods.
His family released a statement Wednesday:
“Matt Mika, Oakland county native and current director of government relations at Tyson Foods, was among those shot at the Congressional baseball practice this morning in Alexandria, VA. Matt previously served on Congressional staff for Representatives Walberg and Camp, as well as serving on the staff of State Representative David Palsrok. Baseball is one of his great passions and he has always loved the Congressional team.
Matt's family, now traveling to Washington D.C., was informed by paramedics on the scene that Matt was shot multiple times, is in critical condition, and is currently in surgery at an area hospital. We ask that the media respect our family's privacy at this difficult time"
According to a report by the Associated Press, Mika was helping with the congressional baseball team because of his college sports experience.
Follow WTOL:
Download our app here.
Copyright 2017 WTOL. All rights reserved.
By Brendan Pierson
(Reuters) - A former Turkish police investigator told jurors in a New York court on Monday of fleeing Turkey in 2016 out of fear of retaliation from the government after leading a corruption investigation involving high-ranking officials, taking his evidence with him.
Huseyin Korkmaz, 30, was testifying in Manhattan federal court for U.S. prosecutors in the trial of Mehmet Hakan Atilla, an executive at the majority state-owned Halkbank, who is accused of taking part in a scheme with gold trader Reza Zarrab to help Iran evade U.S. sanctions.
Halkbank has denied involvement with any illegal transactions. Zarrab, a Turkish and Iranian national, has pleaded guilty and testified against Atilla, saying he used fraudulent food and gold transactions to launder money for Iran with the help of Atilla and others.
Atilla has pleaded not guilty.
"I took my wife and my daughter and I left the country that I dearly love," Korkmaz testified. He said he eventually came to the United States with the help of U.S. law enforcement authorities, bringing audio recordings and other evidence from his investigation.
U.S. prosecutors have charged a total of nine people in the case. Only Zarrab, 34, and Atilla, 47, have been arrested by U.S. authorities.
Korkmaz testified on Monday that he began investigating Zarrab in 2012 for smuggling gold and money laundering.
He told the jury that the investigation expanded to encompass government officials including President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, then prime minister, and Zafer Caglayan, then finance minister, and former Halkbank general manager Suleyman Aslan.
Korkmaz did not give details about any thread of his investigation that included Erdoğan.
Erdoğan was never charged and he has called the Turkish investigation a "judicial coup" and has said the U.S. case is politically motivated.
Caglayan and Aslan have not spoken publicly about the case, and Reuters was unable to reach them for comment.
Korkmaz testified that he ordered searches of multiple individuals' homes in December 2013 and that evidence of bribes from Zarrab was found in Aslan's home.
Korkmaz said that he never saw evidence that Atilla had taken bribes.
He testified that soon after the searches, he was reassigned to another unit.
He told the jury that he decided to leave Turkey in 2016 because another prosecutor had requested an order for his arrest and he did not feel safe.
(Reporting By Brendan Pierson in New York; Editing by Alden Bentley, Toni Reinhold)
WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump on Friday played with the pronunciation of Puerto Rico as he saluted Hispanic Heritage Month at the White House.
Trump drew out the name in an accented fashion three times — “Pueeeeerto Rico” — telling the crowd, “We love Pueeeeerto Rico.” Then he said it without any accent: “And we also love Puerto Rico.”
That got a laugh from the crowd of Hispanic leaders gathered in the East Room of the White House, and Trump' s other statements of support for the recovering U.S. territories drew cheers.
Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands were walloped last month by Hurricane Maria and are struggling to recover. Trump visited Puerto Rico this week, and Vice-President Mike Pence toured St. Croix on Friday and was headed for Puerto Rico as well.
Trump has rankled Hispanics with his tough immigration policies, including building a border wall between the United States and Mexico, and he drew sharp criticism for his initial response to the toll Maria took on Puerto Rico. Critics have said the president was slow to recognize the magnitude of the hurricane's impact early on and has overstated the effectiveness of federal recovery efforts.
Last month, Trump signed a proclamation marking Sept. 15 to Oct. 15 as National Hispanic Heritage Month. In the proclamation, Trump mentioned that Hispanic-owned small businesses are the fastest growing businesses in America.
He moved from behind the microphone Friday to hug a Medal of Honor recipient in the crowd, and said that 60 Latinos in the Armed Forces have been awarded the Medal of Honor.
Police say nine teenagers were injured when two suspects opened fire on a crowd of young people standing outside a Northern California house as a party was ending.
The San Francisco Chronicle reports eight teenagers were shot and one was trampled Sunday by the frantic crowd running away from the home in Vallejo.
Vallejo Police Spokesman Lt. Kevin Barlett says all victims are in stable condition. He says one was shot in the torso and others had femurs broken by bullets.
He says that one of the shooters had a mask and that officers found several spent bullet casings on the street.
No arrests have been made.
Barlett says investigators are trying to determine a motive in the attack.
PHOENIX — Adam Duvall's grand slam erased an early four-run deficit, and the Cincinnati Reds rallied to beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 7-4 on Wednesday.
Scott Schebler added a tiebreaking two-run drive in the sixth, helping the last-place Reds salvage the finale of the three-game set. Joey Votto and Eugenio Suarez each had three hits.
Both of Cincinnati's homers came off Patrick Corbin (5-2), who gave up a season-high six runs and eight hits in six innings.
Paul Goldschmidt and John Ryan Murphy went deep for the Diamondbacks, who have dropped 16 of 20 overall.
Cincinnati right-hander Sal Romano (3-6) pitched five innings in his first win since May 4, yielding four runs and seven hits. He was 0-3 with a 12.79 ERA in his previous three starts.
Raisel Iglesias got four outs for his ninth save in his first appearance since being sidelined by a biceps injury. Pinch hitter Daniel Descalso and Jarrod Dyson singled to start the ninth but Goldschmidt fouled out, Duvall made a sliding grab of Jake Lamb's sinking liner to left and Murphy popped out.
Corbin was cruising with a 4-0 lead when Tucker Barnhart and Votto opened the fourth with singles and Suarez walked on a 3-2 pitch to load the bases. That brought up Duvall, who hit a drive into the seats in left-centre for his second career grand slam.
Suarez opened the sixth with a single, Duvall struck out and Schebler launched a shot 433 feet to right.
It was a disappointing finish for Arizona after a fast start.
Dyson led off the first with a single and Goldschmidt, moved up to second in the batting order in recent games, knocked Romano's 1-1 pitch into the visitor's bullpen for his seventh homer of the season. After Jake Lamb flew out, Murphy doubled to the left-centre gap and scored on David Peralta's single, sliding in just ahead of Billy Hamilton's throw from short centre field.
Murphy's fourth home run in his last six games made it 4-0 after three.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Reds: Iglesias threw a 45-pitch bullpen session on Monday without any negative results, setting the stage for his reinstatement.
Diamondbacks: RHP Shelby Miller, recovering from Tommy John surgery, threw five innings in his first rehab start for Class A Visalia on Tuesday night, allowing a run and four hits. He struck out eight with no walks.
UP NEXT
Reds: Following an off day, Tyler Mahle (3-6, 4.76 ERA) starts Friday night at San Diego. The Reds finish a nine-game trip with three against the Padres.
Diamondbacks: RHP Clay Buchholz (0-1, 1.64 ERA) pitches Friday night in the opener of a three-game set against Miami.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The Met Office has issued its latest weather forecast - and it is predicting heavy snow will fall this afternoon in Croydon.
The forecast has changed repeatedly over the last 12 hours - from light snow to heavy snow to sleet and now back to heavy snow.
There is a 90% chance of heavy snowfall between 1pm and 3pm, with temperatures rarely exceeding freezing.
There is a yellow weather warning in place for snow and ice until 4pm today (Monday) and then an ice warning from 4pm on Monday to 11am on Tuesday (tomorrow).
The warning says: “Some injuries are possible from slips and falls on icy surfaces and there will probably be some icy patches on untreated roads and cycle paths.
“Some roads and railways are likely to be affected with longer and more difficult journeys.”
Schools in Old Coulsdon and Caterham have closed early today (Monday) due to the forecast. Snow has already fallen in Caterham and on the North Downs but Croydon town centre is yet to see any today.
The wintry weather has already caused havoc nationwide with public transport. Trains and flights have been severely delayed or cancelled.
And on the roads, ice and snow is causing delays for commuters, and the cold weather is causing breakdowns, with a reported 25,000 occurring on Sunday.
Due to strong winds, the Met Office says it will feel more like -4°C, so do be sure to wrap up warm and be very careful with black ice on pavements and roads.
NEWPORT, R.I. — Twin sisters have been ordered to pay restitution and complete community service after vandalizing Newport's famous Cliff Walk.
Jocelyn and Jenna Senecal pleaded no contest to misdemeanour graffiti and conspiracy charges on Wednesday. The 22-year-old East Providence residents each were ordered to pay $1,050 and complete 25 hours of community service.
The sisters turned themselves in to police in December after the department posted photos online showing them with spray paint cans at the Cliff Walk in November.
Jocelyn Senecal has apologized for her actions but says they didn't justify the online harassment that followed.
The 3 1/2-mile walk is designated as a national recreation trail and is one of Rhode Island's most popular tourist attractions. It runs between the Atlantic Ocean and many of Newport's most spectacular mansions.
Longer Video 👇 of rescuers trying to persuade a little boy to let go of fathers dead body following yesterday #Saudi #UAE double tap strike on wedding in Bani Qais in #Hajah province NW #Yemen
33 dead
55 injured
30 children were among the casualties pic.twitter.com/pziyeqZdOd
By Tuesday we will be closely watch Tropical Storm Alberto as it moves toward the Great Lakes.
It will not have strong winds, but it is bringing very muggy air and rain chances.
WINNIPEG — Patrik Laine wants to hoist the Stanley Cup, but drinking champagne out of the hallowed trophy is another matter.
The Winnipeg Jets star sniper doesn't drink alcohol. Never has.
So what happens if he wins the NHL championship and the champagne-filled mug is passed to players for a celebratory drink?
“I'll probably drink something else. We'll see,” Laine said Sunday prior to scoring twice in Winnipeg's 4-2 victory over the Dallas Stars.
The 19-year-old's abstinence from alcohol is a personal choice, part of his plan to excel at hockey.
“I don't think that's going to help me to be a better player,” he explained in his usual matter-of-fact manner.
“I want to do everything I can to be the best player I can. I don't need to do that. That's not going to help me so I don't feel like I have to do that.”
There's no arguing the talented teetotaller's pursuit of excellence has been working ever since he left formal schooling at age 16 to focus full-time on hockey.
After being drafted second overall in 2016 by the Jets, the six-foot-five, 206-pound Finnish phenom made headlines in his first season with his powerful laser shot, culminating in 36 goals and 64 points in 73 games to garner a nod as a finalist for rookie of the year.
Last summer, he worked to become stronger and improve other parts of his game. Now the Jets are humming toward their second playoff appearance since relocating to Winnipeg from Atlanta in 2011 and Laine is in the running for the Maurice Richard Trophy, given to the league's top goal scorer.
His two-goal output against Dallas gave him 43, tying him with boyhood idol Alex Ovechkin of the Washington Capitals.
Laine's racked up 68 points in 72 games and is riding a league-high 15-game point streak (18 goals, eight assists), which is already an NHL record for longest point streak by a teenager. He turns 20 on April 19.
After the game, Laine repeated that he wants to grab the goal-scoring lead and will try when Winnipeg (43-19-10) hosts Los Angeles on Tuesday.
While words like that could come across as cocky, that's not the case with Laine.
He always honestly assesses the good and bad parts of his game and stresses his ultimate goal is helping the Jets get into the playoffs.
His candid responses to questions have become as much a trademark as his one-timer blasts from the left circle. It hasn't gone unnoticed by his admiring teammates.
“He's mature,” veteran forward Bryan Little said. “You forget how old he is.
“When he's on the ice, he plays mature and he handles himself like a veteran. He doesn't seem to care about all the outside noise and all the pressure and stuff. He just plays.”
Little is also impressed with Laine's ability to live his life under the spotlight.
“He knows he's got a responsibility because he's so good, because he's a rising star in this league,” he said. “He does it without complaint.”
While team staff monitor the amount of interviews and events he's part of so it's not too disruptive, no one tries to curb his candour.
“I think that would be just like stupid to say to somebody to don't be yourself. That's just who I am,” Laine said.
“I mean, I don't need to lie to you (reporters). If you guys ask me something, I just want to say how it is. I don't feel like I have to make something up or just say whatever.”
His media availability has been restricted to the rink and not places such as his home. Laine has also put the kibosh on interviews with his family.
His mom lives with him in Winnipeg, but she recently went back to Finland to be with his sister so his dad is now here. The whole family and his girlfriend plan to be here soon to hopefully watch the team's playoff run.
“I'm the athlete, I can answer all the questions,” Laine explained. “I don't feel like I have to bring my family to the media. They're just in the background.”
His confidence in himself is perhaps most evident in a physical way. His friendly bet with a cousin to see how long they can grow beards this season has drawn jabs on social media and teasing from his teammates.
“It's got uglier and uglier,” Little said with a smile of the scruffy beard. “When he finally shaves it he's going to look like a new man.”
That may not happen any time soon with the way his season is clipping along. Keeping the beard might even turn into a superstitious habit.
“Who knows?” Laine said with a laugh. “Let's see where we're at in a month or a couple more months. It might be a good thing, but we'll see.”
NORFOLK, Va. — Steven Whitley scored a career-high 20 points with seven assists, Nic Thomas also scored 20 points, and Norfolk State beat Morgan State 76-65 on Saturday to win its third straight.
Derrik Jamerson Jr. had 14 points for the Spartans (7-16, 5-3 Mid-Eastern Athletic Conference), who shot 55.6 per cent from long distance (10 of 18) and 51 per cent from the field. Thomas and Jamerson scored four 3s apiece.
Whitley's layup capped a 10-4 run for a 49-35 Norfolk State lead and the Spartans led by 17 on Jamerson's 3 with 12:31 to go. The Bears gained on a 9-2 run while the Spartans went without a field goal for nearly seven minutes, but trailed 74-65 on Tiwian Kendley's layup with 31 seconds to go and got no closer.
Preston Bungei's 3 put the Spartans up for good, 10-8, Thomas hit back-to-back 3s, and Norfolk State led 39-29 at halftime after shooting 61.5 per cent from 3 (8 of 13).
Kyson Rawls scored 11 points and Martez Cameron 10 for the Bears (8-14, 4-5), who've lost five of their last six.
The start of the school year also marks the opening of a new student postal and package center, which was previously located at Wells Hall. The new location, at 113 Shriver Center, officially started receiving and delivering mail Aug. 3.
The new mail and package center will be similar to the old system, but will be more efficient, said Matthew Frericks, senior director of auxiliary planning and facilities.
The most significant addition is the use of storage lockers where students will access their individual packages using a self-serve system. Now, rather than students having to receive their packages from an employee, they will pick up the package straight from an automated locker.
Packages coming from UPS, Fed-Ex and DHL are loaded directly into the lockers, increasing speed.
“This helps out when students are tracking their packages,” said Frericks. “When they get the delivered notification from the company, they also get one from us.”
At the Wells Hall location, Frericks said, the packages were sometimes held for a longer time before the student could pick them up because the center received up to 2,000 packages a day.
When a student's package arrives, the student will receive an email notification. That student will have a total of 24 hours to retrieve the package from the lockers. Lockers are accessible 24/7 with the use of students' Miami ID's.
After the initial 24 hours, packages will be moved to the customer service area where they will be kept for 48 hours before being returned to the sender. The customer service area is open Monday through Friday from 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. and Saturday 11:00 a.m. to 2:00 p.m.
In the email notification, students will be given a pickup code and a barcode, to either enter or scan to receive open the locker with the package. There are thirteen sections of lockers, and students are told in the email which locker to open.
Students can have a friend pick up a package from the lockers for them by forwarding the email.
There are several different-sized lockers to accommodate packages of different volumes, but if a student orders a package too large to fit in any of the lockers, it will be accessible through the customer service area.
The new center is built to accommodate all of the university's mail and package needs and has built-in refrigeration and other accommodations for students' medications, flowers and other items that require special storage.
Students also have the option to go to the new package center website and request package delivery to their residential hall.
Students will also still be able to send mail and ship packages through the student package center.
Students still must have the correct package labeling to use the package center and must include the following:
Student Name
Residence Hall Name and Room #
Residence Hall Street Address
Comments
The MDC Alliance has kickstarted its bid to reshape the Zimbabwean economy for a post-Zanu PF government, anchored on Transformation, Opportunities and Prosperity (TOP).
Former Finance minister Tendai Biti unveiled a blueprint for sweeping reforms of the Zimbabwean economy at an MDC Alliance rally in Chipinge at the weekend, as the opposition front-runner looks to implement MDC Alliance president Nelson Chamisa's agenda to promote economic growth by slashing red tape.
The so-called TOP blueprint recommends a raft of measures to encourage democracy, inclusive participation, a stable micro-economic system, public service reform, industrial transformation; broad-based economic empowerment agenda, the creation of a balanced economy, FDI and the greening of the environment.
Biti said the MDC Alliance's economic blueprint that is pinned on TOP is meant to bring about a holistic transformation of society. He said the blueprint aims to grow the national cake for the benefit of all people.
Biti said Zanu PF had created an economic model which does not celebrate growth and said TOP is set to deal with the moribund economic situation that Zanu PF perpetuated.
He said the ruling party had created a system of patronage and a crisis of misalignment of policy and action.
TOP's thrust is set to increase the growth rate exponentially, further reduce inflation, deliver a $100 billion economy, improve electricity generation and build a social contract.
This comes as Zimbabwe's economy has deteriorated to levels of catastrophic proportions, with almost three generations never having been employed formally, Biti said.
He said should the opposition be elected into government in forthcoming elections set for no later than August, its top priority is job creation.
“Our children have no jobs and we now have three generations that have never been employed formally,” Biti said, adding that “parents sell livestock, their cows to send their children to school and they go on to graduate with degrees only for them to sell airtime and second hand clothes on the streets.”
He said Chamisa's government will prioritise creating opportunities for Zimbabweans to be able to work towards the “obligation to live in prosperity.”
The People's Democratic Party (PDP) leader said it was unacceptable that university graduates roam the streets doing menial jobs or vending.
“If you throw a stone among vendors at Sakubva market in Mutare, for example, chances are high that you will hit a graduate.
“Jobs are the nexus between development and transformation. We need to transform our road infrastructure and energy supply by creating 6 000 megawatts, constructing metro rails and all this creates employment for our people,” he said. DailyNews
COLUMBUS, Ohio (AP) The Columbus Blue Jackets scored more goals in the first six minutes of Sunday's game than in their first two playoff games combined. That still wasn't enough to slow down the Pittsburgh Penguins, who dealt the Blue Jackets a third straight playoff loss and put them on the brink of elimination.
Now the Blue Jackets, whose best season in franchise history included a 16-game winning streak, will try to get a win at home on Tuesday night to avoid being swept out of the first-round series by the defending Stanley Cup champions. An overtime goal by 22-year-old rookie Jake Guentzel – set up by some deft puck-handling behind the net by Sidney Crosby – was the latest dagger. Guentzel had a hat trick in the 5-4 Pittsburgh win Sunday.
Columbus isn't the only team in trouble. The Minnesota Wild, who had a 12-game winning streak this season, are down 0-3 to the surprising St. Louis Blues while Cup favorites Chicago and Washington have been plunged into challenging first-round series of their own.
The Wild's struggles are even more perplexing. Minnesota has outshot St. Louis 117-79, killed off eight of nine power plays but has never led. Game 4 is Wednesday at St. Louis, whose goaltender, Jake Allen, has a .974 save percentage and 0.91 goals-against average after being 3-5 with a .902 and 2.29 in his playoff career coming in.
Columbus outshot Pittsburgh in their first two playoff games, and the Blue Jackets had chances to win all three. Veteran goaltender Marc-Andre Fleury, replacing injured starter Matt Murray, has been sharp for the Penguins and made a critical mask save of a potential game-winning Brandon Dubinsky shot in overtime Sunday.
”We've played good hockey, and it's unfortunate we've put ourselves in this situation,” Blue Jackets captain Nick Foligno said Monday. ”There's pressure, but we know what we're facing. We've got a chance to just go out there and try to make a series of this.”
Columbus will be without sensational rookie defender Zach Werenski, who was lost for the year after taking a Phil Kessel shot to the face Sunday. He suffered a fractured cheekbone.
But the Blue Jackets will get forward Matt Calvert back for Game 4 (7:30 p.m. EDT, CNBC). Calvert sat in the press box Sunday night, serving a one-game penalty for breaking a stick over the back of Pittsburgh's Tom Kuhnhackl and then decking him after the game was out of reach Friday night. Calvert didn't want to talk about the play Monday, but he did say it wasn't payback for anything that happened in the game.
There was ”nothing that led to it,” he said. ”The series is a battle.”
—
Canadiens at Rangers, Montreal leads 2-1 (7 p.m. EDT, NBCSN)
Just 18 seconds from trailing 2-0 in this series, the Canadiens have seized the momentum and they expect the Rangers to come out with more intensity in Game 4.
”We know we didn't see their best,” forward Max Pacioretty said a day after Montreal's 3-1 win in Game 3. ”So we're expecting, obviously, a pushback from them and we know we're going to see their best the next game.”
In the last two games especially, the Canadiens have done a good job of preventing the Rangers from using the up-tempo style they're best at, clamping down defensively and forcing New York to dump and chase. The Rangers managed just 21 shots on goal in Game 3 and had 21 giveaways, including 10 in the first period.
”With any team, if they're fast you got to get on them quick,” defenseman Jordie Benn said. ”We've been pretty good at that the last few games. We just got to keep doing it.”
After getting the winning goal in overtime in Game 2, Alexander Radulov put the Canadiens up 3-0 Sunday night, giving him two goals and three assists in the last two games.
—
Oilers at Sharks, Edmonton leads 2-1 (10 p.m. EDT, NBCSN)
The Oilers have found a new playoff hero in their first postseason trip since 2006. Hard-hitting winger Zack Kassian has turned into a clutch goal-scorer in the playoffs with the game-winners in back-to-back contests to give Edmonton the lead in the series after dropping the opener in overtime.
”His play speaks for itself,” coach Todd McLellan said. ”He's stepped up to the plate and delivered for three games straight. Obviously scoring big goals but doing a lot of other things during the game – the penalty kill portion of it, the forecheck, the momentum. He's been tremendous for us.”
After scoring just seven goals in the regular season, Kassian has scored his first two game-winners since the 2014-15 regular season.
The Sharks are just looking for any kind of goal after being shut out by Cam Talbot for a second straight game. San Jose is just 1 for 14 on the power play this series and has scored on just three of 83 shots. San Jose's quartet of 25-goal scorers in the regular season – Joe Pavelski, Brent Burns, Patrick Marleau and Logan Couture – have none so far in the playoffs.
”It doesn't matter how well the goalie played, we have to get to him,” Pavelski said. ”In these one-goal hockey games, we have to stick one in the net.”
—
More AP NHL hockey at https://apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey
—
Follow Mitch Stacy at http://twitter.com/mitchstacy
The World Health Organization (WHO) on Thursday — World No Tobacco Day — said most countries are failing to significantly reduce tobacco use even though smoking is down across the globe.
"The worldwide prevalence of tobacco smoking has decreased from 27 percent in 2000 to 20 percent in 2016, so progress has been made," said Douglas Bettcher, director of the WHO prevention of non-communicable disease prevention unit.
Since then, the number of adult smokers has remained relatively stable at roughly 1.1 billion due to population growth.
Germany is slightly above average, with 27 percent of adults being smokers in 2015. That figure is down from 30.6 percent in 2000.
Bettcher noted that industrialized countries are making more progress than developing countries due to resistance in the industry and lack of information about the devastating effect of tobacco use.
"One of the major factors impeding low- and middle-income countries certainly is countries face resistance by a tobacco industry who wishes to replace clients who die by freely marketing their products and keeping prices affordable for young people," Bettcher said.
Read more: Waking up to teenage smoking in Zimbabwe
'Governments have the power'
But resistance from the industry isn't the only problem undercutting efforts to curb tobacco use. The WHO said that in China and India, which have the highest number of tobacco users, many people aren't informed of the potentially fatal impact of smoking.
"The percentage of adults who do not believe smoking causes stroke are, for example in China, as high as 73 percent. For heart attacks, 61 percent of adults in China are not aware that smoking increases the risk," Bettcher said. "We aim to close this gap."
China has 307 million smokers, while India comprises 106 million of them. Collectively, they account for nearly 38 percent of the world's smokers, according to WHO figures.
"Governments have the power in their hands to protect their citizens from suffering needlessly from heart disease," added Bettcher.
More than seven million deaths each year have been linked to tobacco use worldwide, with nearly 900,000 of them from inhaling secondhand smoke.
Read more: Smoking leaves genetic 'signatures' far from lungs
ls/rt (AFP, Reuters)
Each evening at 1830 UTC, DW's editors send out a selection of the day's hard news and quality feature journalism. You can sign up to receive it directly here.
Following many public outpourings from musical peers and collaborators, Avicii's family has just issued a statement about his death. The Swedish EDM producer, born Tim Bergling, died on Friday while vacationing in Muscat, Oman. The statement to press from the Bergling family reads:
We would like to thank you for the support and the loving words about our son and brother. We are so grateful for everyone who loved Tim's music and have precious memories of his songs. Thank you for all the initiatives taken to honor Tim, with public gatherings, church bells ringing out his music, tributes at Coachella and moments of silence around the world.” We are grateful for the privacy during this difficult time. Our wish is that it continues that way. With love, The Tim Bergling Family.
Avicii's cause of death has not been determined. However, investigators found nothing indicating foul play in multiple postmortem examinations and have therefore ruled out “criminal suspicion” in the 28-year-old producer's death. Calvin Harris, Deadmau5, Kygo, Steve Aoki, Tiesto, and Aloe Blacc are among the major EDM artists who have paid tribute to Avicii's music on social media and in performance. Read our remembrance of Avicii and his music here.
Coming from behind twice, the Joel Barlow High baseball team edged Brookfield 5-4 at home on Monday, April 17.
Barlow fell behind 2-0 after a half inning but went on top 3-2 in the bottom of he first. Barlow pitcher Claire McCann then threw three scoreless innings before the Bobcats added two more in the five.
Two runs in the sixth gave the Falcons a lead they did not lose.
Briana Marcelino had two hits, including a double, and scored two runs. Samantha Hilford also had two hits and drove in a run. Taylor Macchoa hit a two-run home and also scored a run.
McCann got her first high school win, allowing four runs on eight hits with 11 strikeouts, two walks and one hit batter.
CLEVELAND (AP) Kyrie Irving scored 37 points, Kevin Love added 27 and the Cleveland Cavaliers avoided another fourth-quarter collapse in Game 2, beating the Indiana Pacers 117-111 on Monday night to take a 2-0 lead in the series.
After squeaking out the opener by a point, LeBron James and Co. showed more intensity on defense, more swagger in general and won their 10th straight first-round game over the past three seasons.
However, they nearly blew an 18-point lead in the fourth as the Pacers got within four before Cleveland closed it out at the line.
James added 10 rebounds and seven assists, but had eight of Cleveland's 19 turnovers.
Game 3 is Thursday night.
Paul George scored 32 and Jeff Teague 23 for Indiana, which showed more fight, but now has a steep hill to climb to get back in the series. Cleveland is 12-0 when starting 2-0 in the postseason.
The Cavs vowed they would play better after their near-disaster in Game 1 and they backed up their talk, delivering the kind of performance that was routine last season but very rare in 2017.
Love scored 10 straight and drew a charging foul on Lance Stephenson in a span of two minutes as the Cavs opened an 89-70 lead. Irving closed the quarter by draining a 3-pointer over Stephenson and the All-Star made sure Indiana's antagonizing guard knew about it, yapping in his direction long after the horn sounded.
The Cavs still led 109-91 with 6:09 left, but the Pacers ripped off 13 straight points and were within 113-109 when George hit a 3-pointer with 20 seconds left.
It continued a disturbing trend for the Cavs, who have been giving up late, big leads with regularity.
The other hitch for Cleveland was that starting guard J.R. Smith didn't play in the second half because of a left hamstring injury. Iman Shumpert, who sat the opener, replaced Smith and played 20 solid minutes.
Despite losing the opener, Pacers coach Nate McMillian insisted his team hadn't lost any confidence.
”We believe,” he said. ”We came in believing, we still believe.”
It just got a lot harder.
TIP-INS
Pacers: Glenn Robinson III returned after missing the past 12 games with a strained left calf. He scored four in nine minutes. … C Al Jefferson was active, but didn't play. He's been out since March 26 with a sprained left ankle. … George has made at least one 3-pointer in 19 consecutive playoff games. … McMillan said the team was told by security officials to stay in their hotel Sunday night while Cleveland police searched for a suspected killer, who randomly murdered an elderly man while posting the shooting on Facebook. … Indiana is 0-9 when dropping the first two games in a series.
Cavaliers: James (357) jumped Magic Johnson (358) for third place in career playoff steals and hopped Robert Parish for eighth in rebounds. … A moment of silence was observed for Robert Godwin Sr., the 73-year-old tragically gunned down by the Facebook assailant. … Stephenson had a strong workout with Cleveland in January before latching on with Indiana, but coach Tyronn Lue said his recent injury issues – groin surgery and an Achilles issue – dissuaded the Cavs from signing him. … James has scored at least 30 points with 10 assists in 13 career playoff games, trailing only Jerry West (14) and Michael Jordan (15).
UP NEXT
After two days off, the series resumes in Indianapolis on Thursday. The Pacers went 29-19 at home during the regular season.
—
More NBA basketball: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
Villarreal striker Roberto Soldado has recovered from an injury that kept him out for over six months.
The former Tottenham forward tore the anterior cruciate ligament and the lateral meniscus in his right knee in a friendly against Deportivo La Coruna in August.
He underwent surgery within a few days of the injury but has not featured for Villarreal this season as he fought to get back to full fitness.
The Spanish side have not yet suggested when the 31-year-old will return to training, but he is unlikely to be rushed back after such a lengthy layoff.
BALATON, Minn. (AP) — A Minnesota company has announced details of its plans for a $50 million commercial shrimp production operation in the southwestern part of the state.
Source: LacrosseTribune.com
News At Other State Sites:
1
WISCONSINREPORT.COM (WiscReport.com) is not affiliated with Wisconsin Government or any state agency, department, entity, or other website or printed publication with Wisconsin in it's name. Established in 2002, we operate completely independent from political parties and other forms of outside influence. Our Mission is to report the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth. We are WiscReport on Twitter and Facebook. A Morbizco Internet Media online publication. – WisconsinReport.com.
Learn More about WisconsinReport.com.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
HUBBARD, Ohio (WYTV) – Big games from Davion Daniels and Tyreq Moorer led Hubbard past Jefferson, 54-7, on Friday.
Daniels — who totaled 369 yards of offense — scored on 17-yard touchdown run, while he also has TD passes of 78, 63 and 81 yards.
Moorer caught the 78-yard TD pass, and Ray Minniti hauled in the 63 and 81-yard TD catches.
Moorer also scored on a 14-yard TD run late in the first to make it 27-7. He then added TD runs of 4 and 54 yards to add to the blowout.
Moorer finished with 253 yards on just eight touches.
Minniti finished with four catches for 161 yards.
In all, Hubbard finished with 577 total yards.
Read more: Week seven high school football stories
Hubbard football schedule
Important high school football links:
Scores | Standings | Schedules | Big 22
The lawyer for the plaintiff who is challenging the legitimacy of the University College of Education Winneba (UCEW)'s council says the court order issued Tuesday did not amount to the closure of the school.
Alexander Kwamina Afenyo-Markin says he does not understand the link between the order of the court and the closure of the university.
“I can say on good authority that the court did not order the closure of the University. All I remember the court saying is that the University should not do anything that would undermine the relief stated therein,” he told Joy News' Emefa Appau on Newsnight programme.
The University closed down its campuses across the country on Tuesday following an order by the Winneba High Court restraining members of its governing council and some principle officers from holding themselves as such.
A press release from the University on Wednesday clarified an earlier statement issued Tuesday regarding the closure as ordered by the court.
“The decision was taken to avoid any confrontation since the counsel for the plaintiff indicated that he has people on the ground to monitor the verbal directive given in court,” part of the statement said.
But the lawyer who doubles as a legislator said the closure of the University is as a result of the Vice Chancellor, Acquah Mensah and others who want to shut it down and nothing to do with the orders of the court.
“That is very disrespectful to the court and the matter will be taken up when we go to the court on Friday. If you are a party to a litigation and you decide to litigate outside the court to court public sympathy, act with impunity and subject the court to ridicule, it has to be brought to the attention of the court,” he said.
Meanwhile, an urgent question has been filed on the floor of parliament demanding that the Education Minister should respond to the closure of the University College of Education Winneba (UCEW) campuses across the country.
The ranking member of the Education Committee Peter Nortsu who summoned the Education Minister to Parliament said the development is in bad taste and wants an explanation regarding the closure of the university.
Mr Nortsu wants to know what necessitated the closure and what is being done to resolve the matter as soon as possible.
“The closure was unfortunate and I think there could have been a better way of going about the issue,” he said.
According to him, once the Minister is in charge of all matters regarding education in the country in is in a better position to explain why the development got to such a crescendo.
CANFIELD, Ohio (WYTV) – The Mahoning County OVI Task Force will conduct a sobriety checkpoint during the weekend of Dec. 15-17.
Details about where and when will be released later in the week. WKBN will publish these details once they are released.
There will also be local saturation patrols throughout Mahoning County this week and weekend.
Why it matters to you Double Fine has been hard at work on Psychonauts 2, sharing their progress with fans.
With the revival of 3D platformers, fans have been clamoring for sequels to their favorite franchises. Banjo-Kazooie returned as Yooka-Laylee, Mario returns to 3D sandboxes later this month in Super Mario Odyssey, and Psychonauts 2 is making headway in development after its successful Fig campaign.
In a newly posted update, Double Fine Productions recently completed a major milestone by creating the game's “first playable” build. Previously shown gameplay segments were focused on being art tests. Testing areas such as the Whispering Rock remake were designed to look pretty, but they wouldn't be incorporated into the final game. Instead, they allowed developers to test various lighting and graphical settings as they continued to work on the art style.
As a “first playable” build, this area represents a segment of the full game that showcases the tricky platforming and exploration that is central to Psychonauts 2. In this new area, Double Fine can test new pipelines and workflows from any department, be it art, animation, tech, design, cinematics, or others. This is the studio's first attempt to create a chunk of gameplay with all the systems working together. Other developers might refer to this as a “vertical slice,” but Double Fine doesn't want to imply a level of polish that isn't required at this stage of production.
Far from being shippable, the first Playable build has everything the final game would have including combat, quests, experience, user interface, and even a cutscene. At this stage, everything is working with scratch dialogue and audio, along with rough visual effects, textures, and lighting.
Another focus in this update includes a look at how all the characters and critters make it from a 2D sketch to a 3D in-game model. Each character starts out as a rough sketch in various poses. After some feedback, the sketch is refined and shows the character from every angle. From there, another artist takes the sketches, builds a 3D model, and goes back and forth with the original artist to refine the model.
Every asset, no matter the size, goes much the same way. A rock or tree might go by more quickly, but something like a main character takes multiple weeks to perfect.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings. SUBSCRIBE
Smoking just one single cigarette a day can significantly raise your risk of heart disease and stroke, researchers say in a new report.
While it's better to cut down than to smoke heavily, the study contradicts the common belief that cutting way down also reduces risk quite a bit.
For men, smoking one cigarette a day on average raised the risk of heart disease by 48 percent over a non-smoker. Matt Cardy / Getty Images file
In fact, cutting back from a pack a day just one cigarette a day only lowers the heart health risks a little bit, Allan Hackshaw at the UCL Cancer Institute at University College London and colleagues found.
Their findings could be important as federal regulators in the U.S. consider how to regulate e-cigarettes and new “heat not burn” cigarette products. Makers tout them as ways to help smokers cut back and lower their health risks.
“We have shown that a large proportion of the risk of coronary heart disease and stroke comes from smoking only a few cigarettes,” Hackshaw's team wrote in the British Medical Journal's online publication The BMJ.
“This has important consequences for smokers who believe that light smoking carries little or no harm.”
Hackshaw's team went back through all the credible health studies they could find dating back to 1946. They looked at how many cigarettes people reported smoking and looked at what happened to those smokers.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
If you've ever dreamed of quitting your job and fleeing to an island in the Mediterranean, now's your chance. There are about 200 stone houses for sale in an Italian village for just $1.50.
Ollolai, located on the island of Sardinia, is partaking in a project called “Case a 1 euro,” which is aimed at preserving the history and charm of Italian villages at risk of depopulation.
“My crusade is to rescue our unique traditions from falling into oblivion,” Efisio Arbau, the mayor of Ollolai, told CNN. “Pride in our past is our strength. We've always been tough people and won't allow our town to die.”
Though the deal is enticing — Sardinia has nearly 2,000 kilometres of coastline and picturesque beaches — it comes with conditions. The homes are in need of major renovation. Anyone that purchases a house in Ollolai will need to refurbish it within three years, and according to CNN, renovations are likely to cost around $25,000.
In the past 50 years, the town's population has shrunk from 2,250 to 1,300 people. The Municipality of Ollolai hopes that these sales will help draw in new homeowners and preserve the village's history.
“The internet has lit up from joyous dreamers who want to pack it in and live the la dolce vita,” Canadian Jennifer Avventura wrote on her blog, My Sardinian Life.
But as dreamy as it sounds to move there, the realities of living on an Italian island shouldn't be overlooked.
“You will need to have a basic understanding of the Italian language to get by with day-to-day activities,” she wrote. “Remember – you're re-building a home and will need to contact builders, plumbers, electricians, the local town hall, possibly a lawyer, a notary to notarize the billions of documents that will need to be signed, stamped and stamped again. Can you do this in Italian?”
Arbau said in a statement that the town has received more requests than they have homes, and due to the overwhelming number of applications, the deadline for applications was moved up to Feb. 7 at 2 p.m.
“If you can get over those small hurdles and prepare yourself for a beautiful, simple life, deep within the folds of Sardinia's glorious mountains – then do it,” Avventura wrote.
Happy house hunting!
CLEARWATER, B.C. — Grief counsellors are at an elementary school in British Columbia's southern Interior to help students, staff and parents deal with the death of a Grade 3 youngster.
The principal of Raft River Elementary in Clearwater, north of Kamloops, says in a post on the school's website that the boy died Tuesday after being hit by a vehicle.
Lori Bradstock says nothing was shared with students in the hours after the death because RCMP were still trying to notify family members.
RCMP in Clearwater and the coroner confirm the boy was on his bike when the accident occurred, but no other details are being released.
Sgt. Grant Simpson says charges are not being considered.
Bradstock says counsellors will support students who were given the news Wednesday morning, and the counselling team will also offer guidance to parents if they need help discussing the death with their children.
No hurt feelings for Flight of the Conchords fans who missed their tour – the New Zealand comedy duo have announced that one of their live shows has been recorded for a TV special.
Advertisement
The hour-long, one-off HBO show will be a condensed recording of Monday night's live performance at Hammersmith Apollo in London, where Jemaine Clement and Bret McKenzie are currently performing as part of their UK tour.
The Flight of the Conchords TV series ran for two series from 2007 to 2009, airing on BBC4 in the UK, and this current tour is their first run of gigs in Britain since 2010.
News of the TV special comes after Clement teased in January that the double act would be filming “a little something this year”.
No release date for the live special has yet been announced, or whether the performance will be shown on TV in the UK as well as US broadcaster HBO.
Advertisement
The double act's UK tour finishes on Wednesday 4th July – hopefully it will run more smoothly than Tuesday night's show, which kept getting pushed back because of the England v Colombia World Cup match.
The Atlanta Braves have added to their starting rotation this off-season. Do they need to upgrade behind the plate as well?
The Atlanta Braves have done a lot to upgrade their starting rotation as they move into their new ballpark in 2017. They've signed Bartolo Colon and R.A. Dickey and traded for Jaime Garcia. They are all on one year pacts and give their pitching prospects more time to develop.
In the second half of 2016, the Braves scored the sixth most runs in the major leagues. More than the AL champ Cleveland Indians and NL East champ Washington Nationals. Their thinking is if the offense can continue to improve with an upgraded starting staff they could have a shot in 2017.
More from Call to the Pen
If your pitching is going to be a focal point, your catcher is going to be an important too. Last year they had Tyler Flowers, A.J. Pierzynski and Anthony Recker. This year, they've lost Pierzynski but have added Tuffy Gosewisch. Should the Braves look to upgrade?
Defensively, it would be hard for them to. Per StatCorner, Flowers was the fourth best defensive catcher in the game with a 13.3 RAA. Only, Buster Posey, Yasmani Grandal and Miguel Montero graded out higher. If Gosewisch wins a backup job over Recker, he would be a bit of an upgrade as well. Gosewisch was a -3.7 RAA while Recker was a -6.4 RAA.
In the free agent market, the big name that is out there is former Orioles catcher Matt Wieters. Wieters has name value, went to Georgia Tech and is a four-time All-Star. Wieters hit 17 homers with a .711 OPS in 464 plate appearances. The catch (no pun intended) is his defense. His RAA was -7.3 last season and -8.6 in 2015.
Within the trade market, if Wieters goes to the Nationals, Derek Norris could be a good target. He's been an All-Star and graded out well defensively. He had a 5.7 RAA in a down offensive year. If the Boston Red Sox were to make any of their young catchers in Christian Vazquez or Blake Swihart available in a trade (maybe for a pitching prospect or two) that could be a nice option for the Braves. Both graded out well defensively (3.6 for Vasquez and Swihart at -0.3 in limited time). The Braves have two catchers in their top 30 according to MLBpipeline.com, but neither is projected to be ready until 2019 at the earliest and both are towards the lower end of the 30.
At this point, I go with Flowers and figure out my backup catcher at some point down the road. With Matt Kemp and Dansby Swanson for a full season, they can sacrifice a bit of offensive production for the defense that Flowers provides. I think Flowers is the perfect fit for the way the team is structured at this point.
This article originally appeared on
HALIFAX — The Nova Scotia government is seeking feedback on a legal age of 19 for marijuana use, with sales through a Crown corporation like the Nova Scotia Liquor Corporation.
The province launched an online survey Friday asking for input on marijuana restrictions ahead of its legalization next summer.
It is also asking where recreational cannabis use should be allowed, and what to do on drug-impaired driving.
Justice Minister Mark Furey says the province wants to hear from Nova Scotians as the government develops “a well-regulated legal market that encourages responsible use and minimizes organized crime.”
He said the government's top priority is protected citizens' health and safety.
The online survey runs until Oct. 27.
The federal government tabled legislation in the spring to legalize recreational use of marijuana by July 1 and provinces have been consulting with the public or rolling out details of their cannabis plans.
On Wednesday, Alberta proposed to make 18 the minimum age to use cannabis, with no decision yet on whether to sell cannabis through government-run stores or through private operators.
Last month, Ontario announced it plans to set the minimum age at 19 and sell cannabis through government-run outlets. New Brunswick has said it will use a Crown corporation model, and a legislature committee has recommended a minimum age of 19.
Ottawa has remained firm on the start date for the new laws liberalizing marijuana, despite pushback from provinces, territories and police organizations that say it might be too ambitious given the complexity of the regulations involved.
Buy Photo Iowa sophomore forward Tyler Cook showed his muscle inside during Prime Time League play this summer, and again Monday in an exhibition victory in Italy. Cook had 16 points and 10 rebounds as the Hawkeyes finished the European tour 4-0. (Photo: David Scrivner/Iowa City Press-Citizen)Buy Photo
The Iowa men's basketball team wrapped up its European exhibition tour Monday with a display of low-post dominance.
Sophomore forward Tyler Cook had 16 points and 10 rebounds, while freshman center Luka Garza led the Hawkeyes for a fourth consecutive game with 24 points and 14 rebounds in an 88-49 runaway win over the Vicenza All-Stars in Italy.
Cook and Garza's efforts helped Iowa offset poor shooting from the 3-point arc (4 of 21) and the free-throw line (10 of 21). The Hawkeyes also had 18 steals to lock down the Vicenza professional players and finish 4-0 on their trip.
"They gave us some problems early because they are quick and were moving the ball well, but as the game went on, we found our groove — both offensively and defensively," Cook said. "I feel like our defensive activity tonight was the best of the four games we played over here."
READ HAWKEYE NEWS FOR FREE: Download the Hawk Central app for iPhone, Android and follow us on Facebook
Garza finished the four-game trip averaging 22.5 points and 10.3 rebounds, while Cook averaged 12.3 points and 5.5 boards.
"For the 40 minutes, everyone was locked in. We didn't shoot it well, but we still won by 39, so that says a lot about our defense and intensity level," Iowa coach Fran McCaffery said.
Iowa's Players' Stats:
Wagner 2-3 0-1 4, Bohannon 2-8 2-2 7, Moss 3-4 0-0 7, Cook 6-8 4-8 16, Garza 12-15 0-2 24, Nunge 2-7 4-6 9, Williams 1-4 0-0 2, Rose 0-1 0-0 0, Ash 1-1 0-0 2, Kriener 3-5 0-2 7, Till 0-1 0-0 0, Ellingson 2-7 0-0 4, Uhl 0-0 0-0 0, McCaffery 1-3 0-0 2, Baer 2-7 0-0 4.
TOTALS: 37-74 10-21 88.
3-POINT FIELD GOALS MADE: Bohannon, Moss, Nunge, Kriener.
We were invited to attend the shooting of a very empowering campaign. The aim of it is to show how modesty or hijab, in particular, can be modern and trendy. It's not just a scarf; there is a story behind it. Participants of this campaign come from different backgrounds and are all successful business owners.
Each has a different story of how she feels wearing it, what are the challenges she faces, and how she is holding on to it. They wanted all veiled girls or those who are thinking of wearing it to relate to each and every girl and to see the beauty of hijab in the words of participants and visually in the pictures. One last message that we understood from the participants when we sat down with each and every one of them for small interviews, is that hijab is not a barrier to achieve your dreams or your goals.
As we stepped into a very nice garden, we could hear the sound of ladies chattering and giggling. We could see a very nice table setting all done by the beautiful Sara Fahmy Co-founder of Bliss Events, and around this brunch table, several ladies were sitting. We recognized some these ladies like Yasmine Medhat CEO and founder of Bazarna co., Farah Emara a fashion enthusiast, a graphic designer, and she just launched her own accessories brand Wahekaya, Sara Tag El Din and Heba Mansour founders and owners of Ayla Scarves, and one last face we were able to recognize was modest fashion designer Sara Elemary.
All the ladies were beautifully dressed by Sara Elemary, and Ayla scarves, as they sat down to drink tea and eat mini-sandwiches, while Guru Photo House took pictures of them. And in between takes we were able to ask the ladies some questions. One of the inspiring stories we heard was Nada Attia's, she's a 24 years old engineer and math teacher, she's also the first Egyptian/Arab female skydiving Ballerina, which is honestly, mind-blowing. We also sat with the cutest sisters Aya Elshehaby, a modest fashion blogger and Amal Elshehaby owner of Nesaa for modest wear, both sisters are working on helping women find chic and modest outfits, Aya by showcasing and finding the chicest modest outfits, and Amal by actually making them. There were many other successful ladies there, that we are sure even had more inspiring stories, but time passed by so quickly, we couldn't interview them all.
At the end of the day we felt very empowered by the vibes we found at the place, we found many women supporting each other, and joining forces to empower many more.
Miami Heat coach Erik Spoelstra holds a press conference to take stock the team's thrilling season and what lies ahead for the offseason.
More FOX Sports Florida Videos Goran Dragic says the Heat need to improve ball movement Erik Spoelstra on playoff chase: ‘I love our guys going through this right now' Full Timeout: Miami Heat's Tyler Johnson Rays' Jake Odorizzi vs. Yankees' CC Sabathia on Tuesday Florida Midday Minute: Rays, Magic, Lightning in action Tuesday Mackenzie Weegar on first NHL game: ‘Everybody made me feel really comfortable out there' More FOX Sports Florida Videos
It may be the fourth straight season in which the Cleveland Cavaliers and the Golden State Warriors have met in the NBA Finals, but it will be an astonishing eighth appearance in succession for LeBron James.
Say what you will about James in the scope of all-time greats, but it is hard to deny him as the face of the Finals for an entire generation of basketball fans.
The 33-year-old has enjoyed a monstrous 15th year in the NBA and will be hoping to add a fourth championship ring to his collection.
Opta dug into the record books to give us a look into just how synonymous James has become with the Finals.
6 - James is just the sixth player in NBA history to reach eight consecutive Finals and the first to do so since a quintet of Boston Celtics stars from the 1950s and '60s.
10 - Bill Russell appeared in the showpiece in 10 successive years, once more than Sam Jones and Tom Heinsohn. Frank Ramsey and K.C. Jones featured in eight straight.
2010 - The last time James was not in the NBA Finals was in 2010, when Kobe Bryant led the Los Angeles Lakers to their 16th title in a seven-game series victory over the Celtics.
3 - James has had three head coaches in his eight Finals appearances – Erik Spoelstra (four), Tyronn Lue (three) and David Blatt (one).
4 - Only four franchises have made the Finals more than eight times. Additionally, only six players have appeared in over eight – Russell (12), Kareem Abdul-Jabbar (10), Magic Johnson (nine) and Jerry West (nine).
8 - Notable players with fewer than eight Finals appearances in their careers: Kobe Bryant (seven), Bob Cousy (seven), Michael Jordan (six), Shaquille O'Neal (six), Wilt Chamberlain (six) and Larry Bird (five)
1 - Before the start of this streak, the Cavaliers had been to one final (with James in 2007) and the Heat had also only been to one (2006).
COLUMBUS, Ohio (WYTV) – As of Jan. 1, Ohioans can now use an online portal to register to vote.
The system requires a voter to have an Ohio driver's license or state identification card.
At Ohio Secretary of State John Husted's request, the General Assembly passed Senate Bill 63, which authorizes the use of online voter registration in Ohio.
“Online voter registration is more convenient, more secure, more accurate and less costly than the paper voter registration alone,” Husted said.
According to the state government, a paper ballot costs 83 cents per ballot, but the online method will only cost 3 cents.
Ohio joins 31 states that already use online voter registration.
Ohioans can use the new online voter registration system to register to vote or update their current registration.
The biggest advantage that Roth IRAs have over other types of retirement savings vehicles is that making contributions to a Roth offers the chance later in life to take tax-free withdrawals from your nest egg in retirement. However, although it's relatively easy to get tax-free treatment for Roth withdrawals, there are a few situations in which you can end up paying taxes when you take money out of a Roth. In some cases, all or part of the money you withdraw will be added to your taxable income, while in others, you might owe a penalty for taking a withdrawal.
Continue Reading Below
Most Roth withdrawals are not taxable
In general, you don't have to include Roth IRA withdrawals in taxable income in two instances. First, if the distributions are qualified under IRS rules, then they're tax-free. Also, even if the distributions aren't qualified, they're still tax-free to the extent that they represent a return of the contributions that you made.
Image source: Getty Images.
Qualified distributions include any withdrawal from your Roth that meets both of the following requirements:
The withdrawal takes place after the end of the five-year period that started during the first tax year for which you made a Roth contribution.
The withdrawal either occurs after you turn 59 1/2 or qualifies for exceptions to the general rule, including withdrawals made due to disability, for a first-home purchase, or to a beneficiary of the account after your death.
Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT
Therefore, as long as you've had a Roth long enough and are taking withdrawals in retirement, you'll usually be set with a qualified withdrawal that is tax-free and penalty-free.
Dealing with potentially taxable Roth withdrawals
However, even if your distribution isn't qualified, it still might not get taxed. Withdrawals are treated as coming first from the contributions that you made to the Roth, which was pre-tax money. Those distributions aren't subject to income tax, and the 10% penalty doesn't apply even if you take them out before reaching age 59 1/2.
Once you've taken out all of your contributions, withdrawals of the earnings that the Roth has generated are potentially subject to tax and penalties. However, a wider range of exceptions to the 10% penalty can prevent you from having to pay it in certain circumstances. For instance, withdrawals that go toward unreimbursed medical expenses exceeding 10% of adjusted gross income, medical insurance premiums during a period of unemployment, higher education expenses, or a series of substantially equal payments all qualify for an exception to the 10% penalty rules. You'll still have to include the withdrawals as income on your tax return because they're not qualified, but at least it eases the penalty burden.
Where things get particularly tricky is with Roth conversions from other types of retirement accounts. There, a separate five-year rule applies to each conversion. Take withdrawals before five years pass after a Roth conversion, and you'll owe the 10% penalty even if you'd otherwise be old enough to avoid it. To the extent that you included the converted amount in taxable income when you did the conversion, you don't have to include that money again as income when you withdraw it, and the ordering rules treat you as having taken the already-taxed portion before the untaxed portion. However, the application of the separate five-year rule complicates matters, making it far easier to wait and rely on the qualified distribution rules.
Be smart with your Roth
Roth IRAs are one of the only ways that retirement savers can enjoy truly tax-free income. However, you have to be careful to take advantage of the rules correctly in order to avoid taking distributions that should be free of tax and instead transforming them into taxable events. If you keep these rules in mind, you should be able to ensure that you'll have full access to your Roth IRA money without having the tax man lying in wait for a share of your hard-earned retirement savings.
The $16,122 Social Security bonus most retirees completely overlook
If you're like most Americans, you're a few years (or more) behind on your retirement savings. But a handful of little-known “Social Security secrets” could help ensure a boost in your retirement income. For example: one easy trick could pay you as much as $16,122 more… each year! Once you learn how to maximize your Social Security benefits, we think you could retire confidently with the peace of mind we're all after.Simply click here to discover how to learn more about these strategies.
The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
Officials say road crews are on track to finish rebuilding a large bridge over Interstate 75 by the end of 2018.
The Detroit News reports the Michigan Department of Transportation this week gave an update on the Rouge River bridge project. The southbound lanes of I-75 have been closed for about 8 miles (13 kilometers) from Detroit to Southgate since February for construction.
In mid-November, work will take place in the northbound lanes.
The $220 million project is replacing concrete on the bridge, which carries 37 million vehicles per year, and replacing or repairing 13 other spans. The Rouge River bridge originally was built in 1967 and the bridge deck had deteriorated to the point of needing replacement.
Online:
http://www.75rougeriver.com/
Information from: The Detroit News, http://detnews.com/
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
LFTZ: Catalyst for real estate market, urban growth
The Nation Newspaper
The United Nations projects that Nigeria's population will cross the 250 million mark by 2030. An estimated 10th of this figure will live and work in Lagos in an estimated area of 356,861 hectares of which 75,755 are wetlands. To the Lekki Free Zone …
Lagos state govt releases N.698billion for Lekki Free Zone Naija247news
all 2 news articles »
ITV has confirmed that the period drama will return for a fourth series, but that the new run "will feature James Norton's final episodes as Sidney Chambers"
Good news: Grantchester series four has been confirmed. Bad news: the series will be the last to feature James Norton as crime-fighting vicar Sidney Chambers.
Advertisement
ITV has confirmed that the period drama will return for a fourth series, but will feature “James Norton's final episodes as character Sidney Chambers”.
Robson Green will also be back as Detective Geordie Keating, alongside returning cast including Al Weaver, Tessa Peake-Jones and Kacey Ainsworth.
Executive producer Rebecca Eaton called the news “bittersweet” for Grantchester fans, but added that the series would continue with a new vicar.
“It's a bittersweet time for Grantchester fans, who will be cheering the return of the series but crushed to say goodbye to James,” she said. “We want to assure them that the series they love will continue with brilliant new episodes and a captivating new vicar.”
The new series will begin production in June 2018 in London, Cambridge and, of course, Grantchester itself.
Executive Producer Diederick Santer added, “I'm ecstatic that – with Masterpiece and ITV – we are returning to Grantchester with all our favourite characters. While I'm sad that these will be James Norton's final episodes, we will make sure he goes out with a bang. We've got exciting plans for where the show is heading and the vicarage won't be vacant for long.”
Advertisement
Norton recently finished starring in BBC1 drama McMafia.
Igbo quit notice: Lai Mohammed reveals Osinbajo's strategy in resolving crisis
The Minister of Information and Culture, Lai Mohammed, on Wednesday outlined measures the Acting President, Yemi Osinbajo is undertaking in neutralising the anxiety created by the three months ultimatum issued by Northern youths asking Igbos to vacate their region. Addressing State House Correspondents at the end of the weekly Federal Executive Council, FEC, meeting, at […]
Igbo quit notice: Lai Mohammed reveals Osinbajo's strategy in resolving crisis
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The Dallas Cowboys prepare for the playoffs as the Philadelphia Eagles celebrate a meaningless victory on their way home for the off-season.
As the Philadelphia Eagles celebrate their victory over the Dallas Cowboys in their season finale as if it was their Super Bowl, the Cowboys are preparing for a bye week during the wildcard weekend.
Some fans of the Cowboys may be upset that the coaching staff decided to rest key starters ahead of the playoffs, but the big picture is more important than winning a season finale that has no impact on your seeding in the playoffs.
The final two weeks of the season were technically “meaningless” games for the Cowboys after a dominating 13-3 season that led to them locking up the number 1 seed in the NFC halfway through December.
That is such a rare accomplishment in the NFL that is been hard to type that into words. Yet, that is the reality of this young team as they prepare to heal and wait to determine who their opponent will be when they open up the divisional round of the NFC playoffs.
Fans can celebrate the historic season the Cowboys put on display and hope for the same level of dominance during the Super Bowl run coming up. The young rookies Dak Prescott and Ezekiel Elliott lit a spark on this team that resulted in one of the best seasons in franchise history. That can never be taken away from this team, and I guarantee they are proud of it but still have their eyes set on the Lombardi trophy and the Super Bowl.
To add fuel to the fire in this rivalry against the Eagles, the Cowboys have more bragging rights against their counterparts in the argument of Prescott against fellow rookie quarterback Carson Wentz. The Eagles traded a king's ransom to move up to get Wentz and that resulted in the rookie going 7-9 after starting the season 3-0.
Meanwhile, all Cowboys fans know the narrative on Prescott and how he was able to rewrite the rookie quarterback record book and went 13-2 prior to playing two meaningless series against the Eagles on Sunday. Remind the Eagles fans that Dak was drafted in the fourth round and prepare for their heads to explode. Their envy will not be contained and their heads may very well explode.
Yes, the Eagles played the Cowboys tough in both matches this year. All Cowboys fans can tip their caps to them for that. Cowboy fans can also remind them of the Lombardi Trophy score count between the two clubs. And all Eagles fans will be able to do is pray Dallas doesn't add a sixth Super Bowl championship to their already full trophy case this post-season.
Congratulations on your version of a Super Bowl victory, Philadelphia. Dallas will also be hoping they win their final game of the season this year as well… in Houston.
More from The Landry Hat
This article originally appeared on
$150K Stolen From MyEtherWallet Users in DNS Server Hijacking
According to MyEtherWallet's CEO, the issue has been resolved.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from CoinDesk. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Mesosphere the creators of DC OS, a premier platform for building and running data rich, containerized applications was selected among hundreds of candidates as one of the World Economic Forum's "technology pioneers," a selection of the world's most innovative companies. Founded by engineers from Germany and co headquartered in San Francisco and Hamburg, Germany , Mesosphere is leading the enterprise transformation toward distributed computing and hybrid cloud.
The World Economic Forum's Technology Pioneers community are early-stage companies from around the world that are involved in the design, development and deployment of new technologies and innovations, and are poised to have a significant impact on business and society. The 30 technology pioneers that made it to the final selection are active in artificial intelligence, augmented reality, autonomous vehicles, biotechnology, blockchain, cybersecurity, the (industrial) internet of things, and other pioneering technologies.
Following its selection as Technology Pioneer, CEO Florian Leibert of Mesosphere will be participating in the World Economic Forum Annual Meeting of the New Champions. This meeting, also dubbed "Summer Davos " will be held in Dalian, China , June 27-29 . Many Pioneers will also attend the Annual Meeting in Davos , in January 2018 , and continue to participate in dedicated Technology Pioneer community events in the course of the next two years.
"We welcome Mesosphere in this group of extraordinary pioneers," says Fulvia Montresor , Head of Technology Pioneers at the World Economic Forum. "We hope that thanks to this selection, the World Economic Forum can facilitate greater collaboration with business leaders, governments, civil society and other relevant individuals to accelerate the development of technological solutions to the world's greatest challenges."
"It's a great honor for Mesosphere to be acknowledged by the World Economic Forum as a technology pioneer," said Florian Leibert , CEO of Mesosphere. "We live in a time of dramatic change, as characterized by the Fourth Industrial Revolution. Rapid changes in information technology make possible digital transformation, within enterprises and governments, as well as broadly across society. Our datacenter operating system (DC/OS) provides a fundamental building block in bringing about this transformation. This recognition means that we are on the right track for helping to foster the new connected economy."
The Technology Pioneers were selected by a selection committee of more than 60 academics, entrepreneurs, venture capitalists and corporate executives. Notable members of the committee include Geoffrey Moore (Adviser, Geoffrey Moore Consulting, USA ), Yossi Vardi (Chairman, International Technologies, Israel ) and Lee Sang-Yup (Distinguished Professor and Dean, Korea Advanced Institute of Science and Technology, Republic of Korea). The committee based its decisions on criteria including innovation, potential impact and leadership. Past recipients include Airbnb, Google, Kickstarter, Mozilla, Palantir Technologies, Scribd, Spotify, Twitter and Wikimedia.
All info on this year's Technology Pioneers can be found here: http://wef.ch/techpioneers17. More information on past winners can be found here.
About Mesosphere: Mesosphere is leading the enterprise transformation toward distributed computing and hybrid cloud. Mesosphere DC/OS is the premier platform for building, deploying, and elastically scaling modern applications and big data. DC/OS makes running containers, data services, and microservices easy across your own hardware and cloud instances. Mesosphere was founded in 2013 by the architects of hyperscale infrastructures at Airbnb and Twitter and the co-creator of Apache Mesos. Mesosphere is headquartered in San Francisco with additional offices in New York and Hamburg, Germany . Mesosphere's investors include Andreessen Horowitz, Hewlett Packard Enterprise, Khosla Ventures, Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers, and Microsoft.
About World Economic Forum: The World Economic Forum, committed to improving the state of the world, is the International Organization for Public-Private Cooperation. The Forum engages the foremost political, business and other leaders of society to shape global, regional and industry agendas. (www.weforum.org).
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/mesosphere-awarded-as-technology-pioneer-by-world-economic-forum-300473353.html
SOURCE Mesosphere
https://mesosphere.com
DETROIT — Miami centre Hassan Whiteside is out for the Heat's game at Detroit with an illness.
Whiteside is averaging 14.1 points and 11.7 rebounds this season. Kelly Olynyk started at centre Saturday night for the Heat.
Detroit is not at full strength either, with rookie Luke Kennard (foot) and guard Dwight Buycks (illness) missing the game. The Pistons have been without point guard Reggie Jackson since late December because of an ankle injury.
Detroit is playing its second game with newly acquired star Blake Griffin.
——
More AP NBA: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
Abuja International Airport ready for use – NCCA
The Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport, Abuja, runway is ready for operation and can be opened on Wednesday, this was made known by the Director-General, Nigerian Civil Aviation Authority (NCAA), Mr Usman Muktar Muktar stated this while speaking with newsmen during an inspection of the airport's runway on Monday in Abuja. The Abuja airport was closed …
The post Abuja International Airport ready for use – NCCA appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA.
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
ROCKVILLE, Conn. — A conservative commentator who grabbed a woman after she took a copy of his University of Connecticut speech titled “It's OK To Be White” is set to make his first court appearance.
Lucian Wintrich was arrested after grabbing the woman and is scheduled to be arraigned on a misdemeanour breach of peace charge Monday at Rockville Superior Court. He denies criminal wrongdoing and says he had every right to retrieve his property.
Wintrich is the White House correspondent for the right-wing blog Gateway Pundit. He was at UConn on Nov. 28 to give the speech, which drew protesters.
Cellphone videos show the woman taking paperwork off the lectern Wintrich was using and walking away. Wintrich then goes after her and grabs her before being led away by police. He was released on $1,000 bail.
The United Nations says nearly half a million civilians have fled Mosul since U.S.-backed Iraqi forces launched a wide-scale military operation last October to retake the city from Islamic State militants.
The U.N. Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs said Monday that 493,000 people have been displaced from the city. As many as 500,000 others are in IS-controlled parts of western Mosul, where fighting is still underway.
The U.N. says food, water and medicine stocks are running low in the western half of the city, and that the fighting there is much heavier than it was in eastern Mosul, which the Iraqi government declared "fully liberated" in January.
Almost Done!
Please confirm your details below.
Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate {* birthdate *} Gender {* gender *}
Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers
For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *}
{* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *}
By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account.
I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy.
{* backButton *}
{* /socialRegistrationForm *}
Saturday marked a big milestone for the Lucas County Pit Crew.
The pit bull advocacy group adopted out its one thousandth pit bull (named Victor by the way) since forming in 2010.
Past pit bull adopters were invited to bring photos of their dogs to Pit Crew headquarters on McCord Road to hang on a memory wall.
Pit Crew organizer Jean Keating says her group is making a positive difference in our community every day.
"When you look at ten years ago none of these dogs would have lived. And now 95 percent of our dogs come from Lucas County Canine Care and Control. So that's an awful lot of dogs that wouldn't be alive today,” said Jean Keating with the Pit Crew.
According to their website, the Lucas County Pit Crew “supports responsible guardians of Pit Bull Terrier like dogs in our community through education, advocacy, training assistance, spay/neuter promotion, foster care, and adoption.”
Follow WTOL:
Download our app here.
Copyright 2018 WTOL. All rights reserved.
Re: F/S NIB Mcmillan Mountain Rifle Stock Which barrel channel is it set up to use?
Thanks!
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Satisfaction with airlines has increased for the seventh straight year, according to an annual travel survey — but passengers are still tough to please when it comes to inflight entertainment.
Cheaper fares, bigger overhead bins, and investments by airlines in newer planes were some of the factors fueling the increase in customer satisfaction, according to the J.D. Power 2018 North America Airline Satisfaction Study, released Wednesday.
“Operationally, it's never been a better time to fly,” said Michael Taylor, travel practice lead at J.D. Power. “Passengers perceive greater value in ticket prices, checking in has never been easier, passengers are more satisfied with the actual aircraft, and airlines have improved their baggage-handling performance.”
“Today's passengers expect trouble-free connectivity for personal devices."
But while the 2018 study found that overall customer satisfaction increased 6 points to 762 (on a 1,000-point scale), airlines lost points in the in-flight services category, which includes food, drinks, and entertainment.
“Today's passengers expect trouble-free connectivity for personal devices and airlines are challenged to keep pace with the technology that can achieve that goal,” said Taylor. “This is important because passengers are far more likely to have a positive experience with an airline if they are entertained during their flight.”
In terms of the in-flight experience, the report notes that as compared to airlines offering seatback screens, “Passengers using their own mobile devices to access in-flight services are less satisfied with the variety of in-flight entertainment available."
Traditional and low-cost North American carriers all showed improvement in this year's study.
Among traditional carriers, Seattle-based Alaska Airlines ranked highest for the 11th consecutive year, with a score of 775 out of 1000 points (up from 765 last year), with much of the improvement coming from investments in bigger overhead bins, notes Taylor.
Delta is once again in second place, with a score of 767 (up from 758 last year), followed by Air Canada (734), American Airlines (729), and United Airlines (708 points).
Among the low-cost carriers, Southwest Airlines holds onto the highest ranking for the second consecutive year, with a score of 818 (up from 807), while JetBlue Airways once again ranks second with 812 points, up from 803 last year.
Among the airlines showing the most improvement in overall customer satisfaction from last year are Allegiant, which increased 58 points to 725, and Air Canada, which increased 25 points to 734, according to Taylor.
J.D. Power's North America Airline Satisfaction Study uses seven ranked factors to evaluate airline performance: cost & fees, in-flight services, aircraft, boarding/deplaning/baggage, flight crew, check-in, and reservation.
This year's study gathered input from 11,508 business and leisure travelers and was conducted between April 2017 and March 2018, before the Southwest Airlines incident on April 17 in which one passenger was killed after an engine exploded, before Alaska Airlines issued new, more restrictive rules for passengers traveling with emotional support animals, and before United Airlines released its updated policy for pets transported in cargo, a move that came on the heels of a series of high-profile pet-related incidents.
The restoration of the nurses and midwives trainee allowance is set to be launched Tuesday October 10, 2017, the Ministry of Health (MoH) has announced.
About 68,000 trainees are scheduled to receive an amount of GHS400 monthly following the restoration of the allowance.
This is in fulfillment of a campaign promise made by President Nana Addo Dankwa Akufo-Addo in 2016 to both health and teacher trainee institutions across the country.
According to government, the cost of the restoration is adequately captured in the 2017 budget presented in March 2017.
The allowances, which were scrapped by the National Democratic Congress (NDC) government, were met with strong resistance from the teacher trainees, and nursing trainees who complained bitterly about the difficulties it had brought upon them.
But prior to the 2016 elections, the then opposition NPP assured students of the various teacher and nursing training institutions of the party's commitment to bring back the allowances, to ensure they had smooth training to serve the country.
There are perils with letting some older drivers on the road, according to one Mullock Heap spy.
AGE-OLD deficiency...
GYMPIE woman sent this in as a reminder of the fallout of letting some older drivers on the roads. It was a letter from Doug Money in Oak Park:
It's about time the authorities did something about older drivers on our roads.
For far too long older drivers have caused havoc as they hog the left lane, stick to the speed limits (even the road work limits) and stop at stop signs, causing great inconvenience and often preventing others from doing whatever they like.
Another major concern is that by avoiding fines and demerit points, they are not doing their bit for the revenue of our state, and are therefore placing a further burden on younger drivers.
Until older drivers can prove that they are proficient at weaving in and out of traffic, driving while texting, tailgating, using drugs or doing burnouts, they must be banned from holding a licence.
NOT paying attention...
MULLOCK Heap dobber who'd been keeping an eye on the the weekly TV show that keeps celebrities on their toes was caught napping a week or three back when she missed the episode that made reference - again - to the greatest weekend in the country.
An avid watcher of Have You Been Paying Attention, our dobber noted that on two recent weeks running, panellist Sam Pang put our Gympie Muster in the national spotlight by, firstly, asking what the Muster is and, second, taking a humorous swipe at our celebrated event.
Sadly, three weeks ago, a few family commitments meant our HYBPA fan missed Sam giving the Muster the royal tick of approval when, after the panellists were shown footage of the Queen getting out of her Bentley and asked what event she was attending, Sam asked, "Would that be the Gympie Muster?”
In fact, HM was heading into the annual royal Cheslea Flower Show in London, but we're more than happy to take that one!
STRIKING similarity...
EAGLE-EYED Mullock Heap spy noted a striking similarity in the Mayor's column this week.
Apparently, the idea, and we quote, "We know that all successful cities and regions must pro-actively promote their people, location, history, quality of place, lifestyle, culture and diversity. We also know they must articulate a compelling vision for the future” is shared by the good residents of Mississauga, as it appears word for word on the Canadian city's website.
Whatever the source, it's a good philosophy. Great minds think alike.
FELDBERG, Germany — Canada's Zoe Bergermann won her first World Cup snowboard cross medal Saturday, taking silver in the penultimate race before the Olympic games.
Bergermann, of Erin, Ont., will be making her Olympic debut in Pyeongchang after being named to Canada's snowboarding team last month.
Michela Moioli of Italy won gold and Julia Pereira de Sousa Mabileau of France took bronze.
Kevin Hill of Vernon, B.C., finished just off the podium in fourth place in the men's race. Julian Lueftner of Austria won.
Lueftner claimed his first World Cup win by finishing ahead of Pierre Vaultier and Ken Vuagnoux of France and stretched his overall lead to 5,120 points, 1,034 ahead of Austria's Alex Pullin.
Moioli stretched her lead in the women's standings with her third World Cup win of the season. She has 5,630 points, ahead of France's Chloe Trespeuch on 5,000.
More competitions are scheduled Sunday.
The new God of War was first unveiled at E3 2016, revealing a wholly new game that builds on the storied franchise, and discards much of its conventions in favor of a fresh — bold — new look and narrative style. At E3 2017 (watch the new God of War E3 trailer) we got the chance to sit down with its director Cory Barlog, who we also spoke with last year, to discuss some of the finer points of demi-god fatherhood.
Perhaps the most noticeable change to God of War is Kratos himself. He's still angry, but he's sad about it. Which makes sense considering the horrors he endured, and inflicted, during his campaign of revenge against the gods of Mount Olympus.
Older, beardier
The new game features an older, wiser Kratos. He feels the weight of his past in every step, as he trudges through a Norse mythology-inspired wilderness draped in snow and ice. Following at his heels is a new character, Atreus, his son. Their relationship is the heart of the game, it's the source of much of its tension, drama, and character development — Kratos is a father again, and he's deeply troubled by what that means for himself and for his son.
“He's the humanity that Kratos has lost,” director Cory Barlog said. “He's that mirror that is reminding him that there's a different way — a way he might have forgotten long ago.”
Kratos is doing the best he can to help his son understand what it is to be a god.
Remember, Kratos has had a rough go of it. Back when he was just a young soldier, the Greek God of War, Ares, tricked him into murdering his entire family. Afterward, he climbed his way up Mount Olympus, leaving the broken bodies of countless gods and monsters in his wake, to take his throne as the new God of War.
Kratos' ascension to godhood cursed him to immortality, and served as the catalyst for much of the tragedy and horror he endured in the ensuing years. For him, it's a curse, and that's key to how he views himself and his son.
“Kratos is doing the best he can to help [Atreus] understand what it is to be a god. There's this sort of internal struggle with him, because he doesn't want to tell the kid — to him, it's the worst thing of his life, being a god,” Barlog continued. “When he found out about that, it was just this horrible, horrible change in his life. So, he's almost trying to maintain the kid's innocence a little bit.”
The daddening of Kratos
Fatherhood and the relationship between a parent and child are important elements of the new God of War game, providing an uncharacteristic, refreshing amount of depth to what could otherwise be just another hack-and-slash.
Much of the inspiration behind the decision to take Kratos down a different path lies with Barlog's own journey into fatherhood.
“You have to find your inroad into a story, regardless of whether you wrote it or not, you have to find your way in,” Barlog said. “As I was sort of looking at [God of War] and realizing how much my life has changed since directing the last one, I was like this is that much of a difference, that it's important to reflect in what I'm doing.”
Kratos appears, in the short glimpses we've seen, to have a bit of a fraught relationship with his son. They're not always on the same page, they bicker, but at least one important part of their relationship is lifted directly from Barlog's relationship to his own son.
As we see at the end of the E3 trailer for God of War, Kratos doesn't understand what the giant world snake is saying to him, so Atreus serves as a translator. It's a role he fills throughout the game.
“I absolutely, shamelessly, pulled from my own life because my wife is Swedish, and my son is learning to speak Swedish. At five years old, he speaks better Swedish than I do, and he points it out quite often,” Barlog continued. “When my in-laws are in town, everyone is speaking Swedish and I have no idea what they're saying, so he is kind of the conduit for me to understand what they're saying.”
Not an escort mission
Narrative depth and father-son relationships are all well and good, but is this still God of War? Absolutely. Combat is quick, brutal, and still as big a part of the game as ever. Barlog was adamant that this game is still the God of War we know and love, and took a moment to address one of the biggest criticisms of the new direction fans have voiced.
“In this trailer, one of the things that I wanted to show is that the DNA of God of War is still here — this is fast, frenetic combat — and Kratos' son is an integral part of combat,” Barlog said. “It's not an escort mission by any stretch.”
Beyond the combat shown off in the trailer, we still haven't seen very much of the game, so it's hard to get a handle on how the player actually moves through and explores this vast new world. According to the game's director, it's a much more open game than previous entries in the God of War series, but it's not quite open world.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
“Discovery is a huge part of this game. It's not an open world, in the traditional sense, it is more that we have a very large world and you have a goal that takes you throughout the world,” Barlog said.
Exploration is going to be a big part of this game, unlike previous God of War titles which were strictly linear, but it's not going to be required if you'd prefer a more traditional Point A to Point B type experience.
“That feeling of being rewarded for your curiosity — it's just huge, that's why I play video games. This idea of just existing in a world, I want to create something that feels like it embraces that idea — and it doesn't become a checklist,” Barlog said.
Player choice is central to this new God of War concept, right down to its core mechanics. Rather than shepherding the player through the game with fixed-camera angles and narrow progression options, God of War aims to put the power back in your hands.
“Play the way you want to play. I want to give as much power back over to the player as possible. That's where games are leaning: give me the tools, let me do what I want to do with it. Let me solve the problem the way I want to solve it — experience the combat the way I want to experience it,” Barlog said.
Parallel progression
Speaking of progression, the addition of Atreus adds an interesting opportunity for players to get really deep into the customization options available to them — how you spec Kratos doesn't have to be how you spec Atreus. They'll have their own separate progression options.
We're leaning a lot more into this idea that Kratos and Atreus having separate progression
“We don't have a lot that we can talk about at this time, but we're leaning a lot more into this idea that Kratos and Atreus having separate progression allows you to sort of make choices not only within what you're going to do with Kratos, but the fact that you might want to do something different with Atreus,” Barlog elaborated.
Allowing the player to branch out with each character feeds into the narrative in a really interesting way. During the trailer, Atreus comments that Kratos' thinks he's weak because they're not exactly alike — that there are other kinds of strength.
“It's funny because this touches on the concept of misunderstandings, this idea of the kid believing his father thinks that he's a curse, his father thinks that he's weak. Because it's how we interpret it — if our parents are very critical of something, we interpret beyond what their intent is,” Barlog said.
For Atreus, this misunderstanding is a big part of the game. He's constantly reading beyond the intent of what Kratos says when he's being critical, and telling Atreus what he did wrong instead of what he did right.
But is it God of War?
The old God of War games were great in their own time, but the world has moved on since then. Games have grown and evolved and become vehicles for more complex and nuanced narratives. This new take on God of War introduces some of those elements but it's still very much a game about exploring a mythological environment and killing most of the things you find there.
Not everything there is a friendly dwarf who upgrades your gear and cracks wise. Rest assured, the new God of War has plenty of the things to kill, smash, dismember, and freeze with your flying-whirling-ice-axe.
Want to know more? Catch up on Everything We Know about God of War.
UAC to boost capital with N15.4bn rights issue
By Nkiruka Nnorom
UAC of Nigeria Plc's bid to bolster its working capital and recapitalise the other subsidiaries within the Group received a major boost, yesterday, following shareholders approval of N15.4 billion Rights Issue proposed by the Board of Directors.
The shareholders also approved the N1.92 billion dividends, which translates to N1.00 per ordinary share of 50 kobos each.
Addressing shareholders at the Annual General Meeting, AGM, in Lagos, the chairman, Mr. Dan Agbor, said the additional capital would help UAC to partake in the various Right Issues being undertaken by its subsidiaries in order to provide them with enough capital to take advantage of emerging opportunities in their various sectors.
He said that already, the Right Issues through which two of its subsidiaries, UACN Property Development Company, UPDC Plc, and Livestock Feeds Plc, are raising N5.16 billion and N750 million respectively, are at various stages of execution, while Portland Paints and Products Nigeria, PPP, Plc has concluded offer for N1.02 billion.
He stated: “The Board has identified an urgent need to bolster your company's capital position. This will ensure that your company is able to subscribe for these rights issues and provide its subsidiaries with working capital support in a timely manner, so that the subsidiaries can quickly respond to challenges and take advantage of emerging opportunities.”
On the company's financial performance, he said: “Despite the daunting challenges posed by the operating environment, your company was able to deliver a mixed to good result in 2016 through cost optimisation initiatives, innovation in key categories and extensive retail market expansion.”
The post UAC to boost capital with N15.4bn rights issue appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
A Sears department store in the Hudson Valley is closing in the new year, putting nearly 100 people out of work.
Continue Reading Below
The Middletown Times Herald-Record reports that 96 jobs in the department store and auto center located at Galleria at Crystal Run will be lost, according to a notice published on the state Department of Labor website.
Layoffs will begin two weeks before the April 9 closing date.
The struggling retailer has continued to downsize in the face of declining revenue. Sears Holdings reported to the state labor department earlier in the week that four Sears department stores, three that have companion automotive centers, will close in New York. Two are in Erie County and one in Queens, affecting 477 jobs between all locations.
___
Information from: The Times Herald-Record, http://www.th-record.com
For a lot of people piracy is about convenience and affordability. While some people will pirate regardless, most of us are happy to pay for content if you can get something for a reasonable price without jumping through a million hoops first.
The developers of torrent streaming service Popcorn Time seem to be in agreement, because they're working on improving the fragmented streaming landscape and make it more user friendly. While the service has been shut down and resurrected on more than one occasion, some of the developers only ever wanted to make it easier to access films and TV - something they're continuing with a new startup ReelGood.
Rather than using piracy as a way of connecting people with content, ReelGood is an attempt to fix streaming fragmentation and become the go-to tool for legal streamers. This means sticking all the different services together, whether they're free of have to be paid for. In fact, speaking to Torrent Freak, former Popcorn Time developer Luigi Poole claims that streaming fragmentation is part of what drives people to pirate content in the first place.
"There's a misconception that torrenting is done by bad people who don't want to pay for content. I'd say, in the vast majority of cases, torrenting is a symptom of the massive fragmentation that's been given as the only legal option to the consumer. The modern TV/movie ecosystem is made up of an increasing number of different services. This makes finding content like changing channels, only more complicated. Is that movie you're about to buy or rent on a service you already pay for? Right now there's no way to do this other than a cumbersome search using each service's individual search. Time to go digging. We believe this is the main reason people torrent — it's just easier, given that the legal options presented to us are essentially a ‘go fetch' treasure hunt."
With recent news that Disney is going to launch its own premium streaming services, and that CBS would be launching its All Access platform internationally, that problem is only going to get worse. If you subscribe to Netflix and Amazon, and find that there's content that requires an extra monthly subscription, are you going to pay for it? Even if you are, are you going to be happy about continually switching between services?
Simply put ReelGood is sort of like your TV's listings guide, letting you collect all your streaming subscriptions in one place and providing a uniform interface to access content. It also has tools that notify you when specific content becomes available, whether it's on the platform you subscribe to or not.
At the moment ReelGood is only compatible with US streaming catalogues, but the team hopes to expand it internationally before long. While it doesn't stop massive delays between US and UK broadcast dates (which still happens if the content doesn't go to Sky, Amazon, or Netflix), nor does it stop the spiralling cost of having to subscribe to multiple premium services, it's a big step in the right direction. [Torrent Freak]
More Piracy Posts:
Swan: Australia's great corporate tax heist
Once again Labor's 2013 tax transparency legislation has proven that sunlight is the best disinfectant. Last week the ATO revealed that one in three public corporations paid no corporate tax in the 2015-16 financial year, echoing the results from the previous year and exposing the maliciousness of companies that engage in corporate tax evasion.
While there are legitimate reasons for some companies to pay no tax – operating at a loss, for instance – when companies like Chevron, Exxonmobil and Shell record a combined $13 billion in revenue but contribute precisely $0 in tax, it is clear that the Turnbull government is not interested in walking the talk on corporate tax responsibility.
Investigators are waiting for an autopsy to determine cause of death before making any arrests. (Source: KSAT/CNN)
SAN ANTONIO (KSAT/CNN) – Officials in San Antonio say found the remains of a baby inside a suitcase while detaining 12 people in a drug raid on a local home.
The 12 people detained by the Bexar County Sheriff's Office were questioned and released Tuesday. Authorities say no charges have been filed.
While raiding what Sheriff Javier Salazar called “a known house for drugs,” officials made a horrifying discovery in a suitcase in a closet.
"They found a dead body of what appears to be an infant beyond decomposed. This is a desiccated body that indicates to us that it's been here for quite some time,” Salazar said.
The infant was fully clothed and wrapped in a blanket.
Neighbors say they've wanted the police to bust what they've believed is a drug house for years and that women are often dropped off at nearby bus station and taken to and from the house.
Neighbor Janet Geaslin says she saw two pregnant women frequent the home. She said one pregnancy seemed to end six months ago, the other two years ago.
"All of a sudden, they weren't pregnant anymore,” Geaslin said. "Never saw any babies, and we said, 'Well, you know, where's your kid?' 'Oh, he's gone.' That's all they said. So, we just assumed that they had him at the hospital and dropped them or whatever because that's what they were telling other people they were doing."
Salazar says it's too early for investigators to determine whether the baby died of a homicide. They are waiting for an autopsy to determine cause of death before making any arrests.
Officials say they also located drug paraphernalia inside the house.
Copyright 2018 KSAT via CNN. All rights reserved.
The sci-fi series was shot in Utah's breathtaking backcountry - plus six other reasons to visit
Westworld isn't your typical amusement park. It's located in the Wild West and populated by android hosts who cater for the every need of rich vacationers. Unless you have $40k to spare, it's a place you could only dream of visiting.
Advertisement
However, you can explore that stunning backdrop for far less if you head to Utah.
Westworld was partly filmed in Castle Valley, which is near the town of Moab and where John Ford shot his last four Westerns. (The rest was filmed at the Paramount Ranch in California – a replica of an Old West town which you can visit.)
Castle Valley
Moab is a popular destination for wannabe cowboys because it's near Canyonlands and Arches National Parks. True to its name, the latter has over 2,000 sandstone arches which come in all shapes and sizes and can be explored on a scenic drive or on easy or more challenging hikes.
In Canyonlands, you can drive the rim of the Island in the Sky, a sheer-walled mesa with incredible views over the rugged canyons carved by the Colorado and Green River. If you're feeling more adventurous, you can hike from the mesa or do the 100-mile White Rim Trail on a mountain bike or in a 4×4.
The Island in the Sky, Canyonlands National Parks
Also a short drive from Moab is the excellently named Dead Horse Point State Park. It's named after a famous overlook, which towers 2,000 feet above the Colorado River. According to legend, cowboys used to pen wild mustangs here but once left them there without water, so the horses died of thirst.
The view from Dead Horse Point
It's just the latest starring role for Utah, which has been Hollywood's go-to outdoor filming location for more than 75 years. Since the early 1930s, hundreds of blockbusters have been shot in Utah's rugged wilds, from early hits like Stagecoach to classics like How the West Was Won, Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid and Planet of the Apes.
More recent hits include Independence Day, 127 Hours and JJ Abrams' Star Trek reboot.
Temped? Here are six other reasons to visit Utah.
1. Road-running
Utah is speedily emerging as a road-running mecca. The state's popularity among runners of all ages, levels and abilities has seen a swathe of competitive races spring up in recent years.
One of the most fun is Utah Midnight Run, which takes place in July and has something for everyone – 5K, 10K and half-marathon – and is contested under a full moon, glow sticks in hand. The idea is to ‘chase the midnight hour' along picturesque Legacy Highway, making it to the finish line before the clock strikes 12.
The fastest is the Northern Utah race series Top of Utah Races,which range from full and half marathons to the popular 15K Top of Utah Freedom Run and runs from July to September. The route slices through some of the most gorgeous mountain scenery in the US, but is notoriously flat.
2. Hipster cocktails
The capital of Utah has, somewhat unexpectedly, found itself as America's latest craft cocktail hotspot. Described as a “super cool hipster haven” by the Boston Globe last summer, a raft of new bars have opened across Salt Lake City since a key change in local alcohol legislation earlier in the year. Ranging from a semi-hidden speakeasy to chic cocktail lounges, the city is attracting top mixologists from across the US and beyond, serving everything from Old Fashioneds to Dirty Girl Scouts.
3. Native American history
The name ‘Utah' comes from the Ute tribe who settled around the Great Salt Lake basin, and there are plenty of ways to explore their heritage and traditions – as well as those of Utah's other native tribes, including the Navajo, Shoshone and Piute.
At This Is The Place heritage park on the outskirts of Salt Lake City, you can explore a Native American village. The site includes the largest teepee in America as well as an authentic medicine wheel and both male and female ‘hogans' – traditional buildings used for religious ceremonies and family life.
Deep in the Utah desert, you will find the world's longest art gallery. Don't be fooled by its name: Nine Mile Canyon actually runs for more than 40 miles, and is adorned with thousands of Native American petroglyphs and pictographs, many of them over 1,000 years old.
4. Star-gazing
Utah is America's all-star capital. It's home to nine International Dark Sky Parks – more than any other state or province on the planet.
Antelope Island is Utah's newest Dark Sky Park (photo: Dan Ransom)There are nighttime activities for star-gazers throughout the summer, including full moon mountain treks, free star parties at Cedar Breaks National Monument, and the renowned Astronomy Festival held at sprawling Bryce Canyon National Park every June.
5. Ski like an Olympian
Team GB's youngest member, Izzy Atkin, became a household name in February after winning a historic bronze in the women's ski slopestyle event at the Pyeongchang Games. Atkin earned the first skiing medal in British Winter Olympic history, after months of training in the beautiful, snow-covered mountains of Park City, Utah – which Atkin now calls home.
Utah claims to have the greatest snow on earth. In fact, it's even trademarked the phrase “The Greatest Snow on Earth”. Why is it so great? Due to the unique meteorological impact of the nearby Great Salt Lake, which creates conditions that lead to consistently soft, fluffy powder in Utah's ski resorts.
6. Brave the bobsled
Utah is famous for its 14 ski resorts, but there are numerous ways for non-skiers to enjoy the state's famous snow: a snowmobile safari, fat biking (off-road cycling with oversized, under-flated tyres), tubing (sliding down specially prepared ice alleys on inflatable rings), snoeshowing and ice-skating.
You can even channel the Cool Runnings vibe by riding Utah's Olympic bobsled track from the 2002 Winter Games. The four-man Comet Bobsled is driven by a professional, but the other three seats are all up for grabs (priced from $175 per person). Expect an unforgettable, adrenaline-drenched experience as you shoot around 15 curves at speeds of up to 70 mph.
For more information, go to visitutah.com/uk.
MONTREAL — A J.D. Power survey says passenger satisfaction with the performance of Canada's two largest airlines has grown in the past year.
Air Canada enjoyed the largest gain in satisfaction among traditional carriers in North America, rising 25 points to 734 on a 1,000-point scale.
WestJet scored 747 in the low-cost carrier segment, up from 736 a year ago.
Each Canadian airline ranked third overall in their respective segments.
Airline investments in newer planes, handling of luggage and cheaper fares drove a seventh straight year of improved customer satisfaction.
Alaska Airlines ranks highest among traditional carriers for the 11th consecutive year, while Southwest Airlines tops the low-cost carrier list for a second straight year.
Satisfaction with United Airlines dropped. The U.S. carrier received undesirable global attention after a passenger was dragged off an overbooked flight.
The exceptions to improved satisfaction with North American airlines were in the categories of in-flight services, including food, beverage and entertainment systems.
The study of business and leisure travellers is based on responses from 11,508 passengers who flew on a major North American airline between March 2017 and March 2018.
Companies in this story: (TSX:AC, TSX:WJA)
TUSCALOOSA, Ala. (AP) Lane Kiffin isn't sticking around to run Alabama's offense in the national championship game.
Crimson Tide coach Nick Saban said Monday that Kiffin will leave to focus on his new job as Florida Atlantic's head coach. Incoming offensive coordinator Steve Sarkisian will replace him for the Jan. 9 game against Clemson in Tampa, Florida.
Saban says he and Kiffin spoke following the semifinal game against Washington. He said with the time demands of handling both jobs, ”we recognized that it is best for our players, and for Lane, that we allow him to turn his full attention to his new head coaching role at FAU.”
Kiffin says it ”was a very difficult decision, but it's a decision made in the best interests of the program.”
—
More AP college football: www.collegefootball.ap.org
Igbo Quit Notice: Osinbajo Meets Northern Leaders, Vows to Deal With Troublemakers
The Federal Government yesterday warned of dire consequences for anyone who makes hate speeches capable of disrupting the peace of the country.
The Guardian reports that Acting President Yemi Osinbajo ‎issued the warning when he met with foremost leaders of northern extraction in the Presidential Villa, Abuja yesterday, vowing to ensure that any form of divisive behaviour is met with the full force of the law.
‎
“I want to ensure that there is no doubt at all that it is the resolve of the government that none will be allowed to get away with making speeches that can cause sedition or violence because when we make these kinds of pronouncement and do things that can cause violence or destruction of lives and property, we are no longer in control. Those who make those speeches are no longer in control.”
The quit notice given to Igbo in the north, if not well managed, could lead to ethnic hostilities that may cause the disintegration of the country. The meeting was the first ‎phase of the government's special engagements with regional leaders, including religious and traditional heads from the north and south-eastern part of the country in a bid to quickly arrest the emerging ethnic crisis. The parley came on the heels of the recent outrage that greeted the ultimatum by Arewa youths to Igbo to vacate the northern states.
The Acting President will today (Wednesday) meet with leaders from the south east, and on Friday hold a session with traditional rulers from the same area. He would later on Sunday conclude the effort with a meeting with the traditional rulers from the north.
Addressing the northern leaders yesterday‎, Osinbajo acknowledged that in the course of living together, misunderstandings and frustration are inevitable, but noted that “we can only begin to talk about any part of anything if we are together in peace.”
He likened the emerging hate speeches from across the regions to stones thrown into the market which he said are likely to hit targets not intended. “I need us to be fully conscious of that and the Nigerian people must be made to be fully conscious of that so that we do not create a crisis that is not intended. These days, wars do not end, and I am sure that those who have seen ‎or experienced war in any shape or form will not wish it on their worst enemies.
“As a government, we are determined to ensure the unity of the country along the lines of our constitution, and I say that hate and divisive speech or divisive behavior, where it is illegal, will be met with the full force of the law”, he said.
In attendance at the meeting, which was ongoing at press time, were the President of the Senate, Bukola Saraki; Speaker of the House of Representatives, Yakubu Dogara; National Security Adviser (NSA), Major General Babagana Mongunu (rtd); Chief of Defence Staff, Gen. Gabriel Olonishakin; Chairman of Arewa Consultative Forum and former Inspector General of Police, Ibrahim Comassie; Prof. Ango Abdullahi; former governor of Sokoto State, Aliyu Wammako; former deputy governor of Plateau State, Pauline Tallen; Publisher of Leadership, Sam Ndah-Isaiah; Deputy Leader, Northern Elders Forum, Wantaregh Paul Unongo; and former Chief of Defence Staff, General Martins Luther Agwai.
Meanwhile, the Eastern Mandate Union (EMU) led by elder statesman, Dr. Arthur Agwuncha Nwankwo has canvassed a meeting of the various ethnic groups in Nigeria to discuss modalities of disengagement or dissolution of the Nigerian state without violence.
The group expressed regret that Nigeria has failed to weave a nation out of the ethnicities that make it up since its political independence and reiterated its support for any ethnic group that wants to pull out of the country.
Reacting to the recent quit notice to the Igbo in the north, EMU stated that it was sheer waste of time to continue to force the people to live together, insisting that the various agitations are enough signals that Nigeria should be reworked.
__________
Follow us on Twitter at @thesignalng
Copyright 2017 SIGNAL. Permission to use portions of this article is granted provided appropriate credits are given to www.signalng.com and other relevant sources.
The post Igbo Quit Notice: Osinbajo Meets Northern Leaders, Vows to Deal With Troublemakers appeared first on SIGNAL.
This post was syndicated from SIGNAL. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
NEW YORK — The Latest on disclosures that the Kushner Cos. filed false documents with the New York City (all times local):
7:20 p.m.
New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio says the Kushner Cos. may have a “problem on their hands” if it proves true it lied to the city about rent-regulated tenants in their buildings.
The mayor's comment Monday came after The Associated Press reported that tenant rights watchdog Housing Rights Initiative found that the Kushner Cos. had filed more than 80 documents stating that it had no rent-regulated units in its buildings when it, in fact, had hundreds.
The mayor said it is “not acceptable to lie when you're filling out a form for the city government.” He also said the city should do a better job cross-checking building documents with tax documents held at different city agencies to make sure developers are telling the truth.
—–
2:40 p.m.
The New York attorney general is looking into a watchdog group's report alleging that the Kushner Cos. filed false documents that helped it harass low-paying, rent-regulated tenants and replace them with higher-paying ones.
A statement from the office of New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman says, “We are very concerned about the allegations raised in the report and will be meeting with tenant representatives in the coming days.”
The announcement comes after a New York City councilman on Monday said he is launching an investigation into the Kushner Cos.
The Associated Press reported Sunday that tenant rights watchdog group Housing Rights Initiative found that the Kushner Cos. had filed more than 80 documents stating that it had no rent-regulated units in its buildings when it, in fact, had hundreds.
—–
11:50 a.m.
A New York City official is launching an investigation into falsified documents filed by the Kushner Cos. with the city, saying that they should have been discovered earlier because the documents were hidden in plain sight.
Councilman Ritchie Torres says that the Department of Buildings should have spotted the falsified numbers because paperwork at the city taxation agency contradicted them. The Associated Press reported Sunday that a tenant rights watchdog group found that the Kushner Cos. had filed more than 80 documents stating that it had no rent-regulated units in its buildings. It had hundreds.
The falsified documents allowed the Kushner Cos. to escape extra scrutiny during construction projects that the watchdog group said led to harassment of rent regulated tenants.
——
1 a.m.
Jared Kushner's family real estate company routinely has filed false documents with New York City claiming it had no rent-regulated tenants in its buildings when, in fact, it had hundreds.
Documents compiled by a tenants' rights group and shared with The Associated Press show the Kushner Cos. filed at least 80 construction applications over three years claiming it had zero rent-regulated tenants in 34 buildings. Tax records show those buildings actually had more than 300 rent-regulated units.
Tenant advocates say the tactic is used by landlords to avoid protections that prevent them from forcing out low-paying tenants.
The Kushner Cos. says it outsources the preparations of such documents and fixes any mistakes immediately. Records show the company did file some amended documents, often more than a year later.
Head coach Nate McMillan told reporters Monday that the Indiana Pacers were instructed to stay in their hotel Sunday night due to the ongoing search in Cleveland for the man who filmed a murder and posted in on Facebook.
“We were instructed to stay put because of the situation that was happening last night,” McMillan said Monday after the team's shootaround, via USA Today.
“Security was on top of that. He sent out the message to stay put. We got security at the hotel to make sure that guys were safe. There might have been a few people that were out, including family members that we made sure we got security to them. Our guy was right on top of that, everybody came out OK, which was the main thing.”
Extra security is expected for Game 2 of the series, which is set for 7 p.m. ET Monday at Quicken Loans Arena.
“We have all the security parameters in place for the Cavs game that we normally do and things above that,” Cleveland police chief Calvin Williams said Monday. “Everybody will be safe coming to the Cavs game tonight.”
Steve Stephens, 37, filmed the killing of 74-year-old Robert Goodwin Jr. and posted the footage on Facebook on Sunday.
AC Milan coach Gennaro Gattuso revealed he is tense even when playing football with his son as he celebrated his first win in charge of the Serie A giants.
Giacomo Bonaventura scored either side of Simone Verdi's 23rd-minute goal to guide Milan past Bologna 2-1 in Serie A on Sunday.
It marked a first win at the helm for club great Gattuso, who replaced Vincenzo Montella late last month.
The former defensive midfielder said there was still a lot of work to do for his seventh-placed team as he explained the tension he felt on the bench.
"I'm always tense, even when I play football with my son, but certainly on this bench it's even more exciting," Gattuso told Mediaset Premium.
"Milan is my second skin."
He added: "We still have to improve, especially on the defensive aspect, because Bologna have put us in trouble on more than one occasion.
"But I have to thank the guys for the victory, for the mentality and the sacrifice they made on the field.
"I keep the performance and the result, but we must bear in mind the road is still long."
Bonaventura's 76th-minute goal was decisive for Milan, who ended a three-game winless run in the league.
Gattuso hailed the Italy international, labelling the 28-year-old one of the best midfielders in Serie A.
"He can play everywhere. He has great quality, he knows how to score," he said.
"I think he is one of the best midfield players in Italy. He still has to improve a little bit from a physical point of view because he had a lot of injuries at the start of the season."
×
You have now reached your limit of 15 stories this month.
Register for free and continue reading - or subscribe and get unlimited access.
Register for free Get 10 bonus articles
Subscribe to Autosport Plus today Get unlimited access
I already have an account. Sign in
Thousands of people are expected to attend, and there are some things you should be aware of if you plan to come down (WFIE)
After Henderson City Commissioners tightened smoking rules to include e-cigarettes, festival goers during this week's Handy Fest will see some changes.
Thousands of people are expected to attend, and there are some things you should be aware of if you plan to come down.
The City of Henderson passed a new law banning people from vaping electronic cigarettes and smoking from 15-feet of any city parks, like at Riverfront water park.
"It's gonna be really hard for us to police it, so we're asking people to police themselves, and say, be careful, quit smoking around your neighbors if they complain, you know, move away. That's how we did it this year," Kenny Perkins, the festival chairman said.
The event will continue for the rest of the week until Saturday night.
Copyright 2017 WFIE. All rights reserved.
Steve Stephens on Facebook
“Facebook Killer” Steve Stephens remains at large as the subject of a nationwide manhunt after his phone pinged 100 miles away from Cleveland, where he randomly murdered an elderly man and uploaded the footage to Facebook. Authorities warn that Stephens is armed and dangerous, but in the meantime, much scrutiny has landed upon the social media platform.
Stephens did not live stream his crime (unlike many other recent cases) but uploaded his footage after the fact. He first posted a video about wanting to commit murder before uploading the homicide video itself. And Facebook doesn't have the resources to vet every video that gets uploaded to their site, so they rely upon user reports. They immediately condemned Stephen's actions after disabling his account, but Facebook is still facing criticism that they didn't act quickly enough. And they're admitting that it's time to get (more) serious about stopping the broadcast of horrific crimes.
Facebook Global Operations VP Justin Osofsky penned a community post to admit, “We know we need to do better.” He explains the steps that led to the homicide video removal, which was slowed by a lack of user reporting, although there was still a gap between reporting and removal:
[W]e are reviewing our reporting flows to be sure people can report videos and other material that violates our standards as easily and quickly as possible. In this case, we did not receive a report about the first video, and we only received a report about the second video — containing the shooting — more than an hour and 45 minutes after it was posted. We received reports about the third video, containing the man's live confession, only after it had ended. We disabled the suspect's account within 23 minutes of receiving the first report about the murder video, and two hours after receiving a report of any kind. But we know we need to do better.
CNN Money followed up with an anonymous source (with knowledge of Facebook), who says that thousands of reviewers work for the platform, but there's a typical standard of reviewing flagged content “within 24 hours” as prioritized within an algorithm. With Stephens, the algorithm didn't work to immediately shut down his account, which may be due to the company's use of some outside contractors for reviewing.
Still, Facebook has made the commitment to try much harder to act quickly on such videos in the future. Sadly, there will be more instances of people posting footage of their crimes, but perhaps the social media platform can shut things down faster next time.
(Via Facebook & CNN)
BALTIMORE — The Baltimore Orioles have claimed utility infielder Jace Peterson after he was placed on waivers by the New York Yankees.
Peterson, a left-handed hitter, is expected to report Wednesday.
He provides depth to an infield that is without injured second baseman Jonathan Schoop and could potentially lose Tim Beckham, who left Monday's game against Cleveland with a groin injury.
The 27-year-old Peterson played in three games with the Yankees this season, going 3 for 10 with a walk.
Selected by San Diego in the first round of the 2011 draft, Peterson broke into the big leagues with the Padres in 2014 before playing for Atlanta the past three years.
Peterson has 386 games of major league experience, primarily as a second baseman. He also plays third base, shortstop and all three outfield positions.
——
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
(AP Photo/Isaac Brekken, File). FILE - In this May 22, 2018 file photo, Culinary Union members file into a university arena to vote on whether to authorize a strike in Las Vegas. The union representing thousands of Las Vegas casino workers says the two...
(AP Photo/Isaac Brekken, File). File - In this May 22, 2018 file photo, volunteer Jenifer Murias yells into a megaphone as Culinary Union members file into a university arena to vote on whether to authorize a strike in Las Vegas. The union representing...
By REGINA GARCIA CANO
Associated Press
LAS VEGAS (AP) - The two largest resort operators in Las Vegas would lose more than $10 million a day combined if housekeepers, cooks and others go on strike, a possibility starting Friday, the union representing thousands of casino workers said Wednesday.
The Culinary Union detailed how it thinks a one-month strike would impact MGM Resorts International and Caesars Entertainment, which operate more than half the properties that would be affected if 50,000 workers walk off the job. Workers last week voted to authorize a strike as disputes over workplace training, wages and other issues have kept the union and casino operators from agreeing on new contracts.
The union conceded that it is difficult to estimate how the strike at more than 30 casino-hotels would affect Las Vegas overall because the last citywide strike took place in 1984, when the city had 90,000 fewer hotel rooms and only about 12.8 million annual visitors. Last year, more than 42.2 million people visited.
But it says MGM and Caesars would see a 10 percent reduction in revenue because of the loss of group and independent travelers. A strike also could happen as fans head to Las Vegas for the Stanley Cup Final.
"Furthermore, one might assume a 10 percent worsening of operating margins due to the use of less experienced and less skilled replacements ... to keep the doors open, rooms cleaned, food cooked, and cocktails served, not to mention other factors such as the disruptions to management staff's regular work," the union wrote.
Using the companies' earnings reports for the first three months of the year, the union's estimates show a one-month strike could reduce MGM's earnings before interest, taxes and other items by more than $206 million and Caesars' by over $113 million.
Contracts expire at midnight Thursday for bartenders, housekeepers, cocktail and food servers, porters, bellmen, cooks and other kitchen workers at properties on the Las Vegas Strip and downtown Las Vegas, including Caesars Palace, Bellagio, Stratosphere, Treasure Island, The D and El Cortez.
Dealers are not part of the Culinary Union. Casino-resorts that would not be affected by the strike include Wynn Las Vegas, Encore, The Venetian and Palazzo.
MGM, which employees 24,000 of the workers, said it met with union negotiators Monday and has more talks scheduled this week. The company says it remains confident that it "can resolve the outstanding contract issues and come to an agreement that works for all sides."
Caesars said it "expects to agree to a new 5-year contract with the Culinary Union on or about June 1 when the current contract expires." About 12,000 of its workers are part of the negotiations for new five-year contracts.
The union said it is asking for training on new skills and job opportunities as the companies adopt technology that can displace workers. It also wants an independent study to analyze the workload of housekeepers and contract language that would protect workers if properties are sold.
"What is going to happen to my position?" said Fernando Fernandez, a guest runner at Caesars Palace. "I think they are going to be disappearing it, because robots are going to be available to deliver everything."
He said he wants training to fix or program the robots that he believes could eventually replace him.
The union says it has asked MGM for average annual wage increases of 4 percent for each of the five years. A document says the company has countered with an approximate 2.7 percent increase.
Caesars workers are asking for an increase of 4.2 percent effective Friday, and annual increases of about 4 percent thereafter. Another document shows the company has offered an approximate 2.8 percent increase for each of the five years.
The average hourly wage of union workers is $23, including benefits such as premium-free health care, a pension and a 401(k) retirement savings plan and $25,000 down-payment assistance for first-time homebuyers.
___
Follow Regina Garcia Cano on Twitter at https://twitter.com/reginagarciakNO
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Those in a role of public service will have their review of their compensation. This is the latest move from the new PC Government and Premier Doug Ford to curb government spending. A memo posted on the government website says pending pay adjustments for managers, executives and staff not covered by collective bargaining will be on hold “until the new government can put in place an expenditure management strategy.” Ford previously put the public service under a hiring freeze, except for essential front line staff such as police and corrections officers, and halted discretionary spending such as newspaper subscriptions.
“You're A Compound Fool On Cheap Drugs,” Dino Melaye To Yahaya Bello
The Senator representing Kogi West in the National Assembly, Dino Melaye has taken shots at the state governor, Yahaya Bello after the alleged failed assassination attempt. The Senator took to his social media page on Instagram to take shots at the State governor after he attacked him on Wednesday saying the lawmaker was not properly…
The post “You're A Compound Fool On Cheap Drugs,” Dino Melaye To Yahaya Bello appeared first on The Herald Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from The Herald Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A brother and sister found dead at the bottom of cliffs near Dover on New Year's Day were from the Cheshire area, police have confirmed.
The siblings, who were dressed in walking gear, were found dead near to another body.
Kent Police are investigating the grim discoveries, which were made near to Langdon cliffs.
The man and woman, thought to be siblings in their 60s from the Cheshire area, were dressed in dark wet weather clothing, police said.
Another man, in his 40s from Greater Manchester, was discovered nearby and his next of kin have been informed.
None of the deaths are being treated as suspicious and police believe they are not linked.
Police are appealing for anyone who may have seen the siblings near to the cliffs between Boxing Day and New Year's Day.
The first man's body was found by Dover Lifeboat crew at 2.49pm yesterday (January 1).
(Photo: Twitter / @Kent_999s)
Shortly after, the coast guard helicopter found the siblings' bodies less than two miles away.
A police spokesman said: "Enquiries are ongoing to confirm the identities of the three people found at the bottom of Langdon Cliffs, Dover, on Sunday, January 1.
"Kent Police was called to the location at 2.27pm and the body of a man was subsequently discovered at the bottom of the cliffs by the coastguard.
"During the search the coastguard also discovered the bodies of a second man and a woman.
"Officers are appealing for anyone who saw a man and woman in their 60s in dark-coloured wet weather clothing at the top of the cliffs in the period between Boxing Day and New Year's Day to contact Kent Police on 101 quoting reference number 01-0980."
Kent Police were unable to say precisely where in Cheshire the siblings were from.
Other emergency services, including police and paramedics, were also at the scene yesterday.
NiMet predicts cloudy skies, rains on Thursday
Abuja – The Nigerian Meteorological Agency (NiMet) has predicted cloudy weather conditions over the central states of the country on Thursday morning with with prospects of localized thunderstorms over Abuja and its environs.
NiMet's Weather Outlook by its Central Forecast Office (CFO), on Wednesday also predicted localized thunderstorms over Abuja, Minna, Lokoja, Lafia, Jos and Bauchi in the afternoon and evening hours.
It added that the region would have day and night temperature of 25 to 34 and 18 to 27 degrees Celsius respectively.
The agency predicted that Southern states would experience increased morning cloudiness over the inland cities with chances of localized rains over Lagos, Ijebu-Ode, PortHarcourt and Calabar.
It also predicted Localised thunderstorms over Ado-Ekiti, Akure, Ibadan, Enugu, Awka, Obudu, Ogoja, Calabar, Port Harcourt, Yenogoa and Eket in the afternoon and evening hours.
NiMet added that the southern cities would have day and night temperatures of 29 to 31 and 21 to 24 degrees Celsius respectively.
According to NiMet, northern states will experience partly cloudy conditions with chances of localized thunderstorms over Kebbi and Yelwa axis in the morning hours.
“In the afternoon, partly cloudy conditions will persist with prospects of thunderstorms over Nguru, Dutse, Kano, Potiskum and Damaturu with day and night temperatures of 32 to 36 and 23 to 28 degrees Celsius respectively.
“Increased cloudiness with prospects of localized rains and thunderstorms are expected across the country in the next 24 hours,” NiMet predicted.
The post NiMet predicts cloudy skies, rains on Thursday appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
VANCOUVER — The Canadian Press erroneously reported on Sunday, March 18, that it was believed there had been no fatalities from ammonia leaks in Canada before three men died in Fernie, B.C., in October 2017. In fact, there have been previous fatalities from ammonia leaks.
Chelsea are planning a late attempt to sign Manchester United target Ivan Perisic, according to the Daily Mirror.
Croatia international Perisic has been strongly linked with the Red Devils throughout the summer transfer window. But a deal has not yet been done, with Inter reportedly pushing for a deal that would see Anthony Martial move to the San Siro on loan in part-exchange.
But United now faces competition from Premier League champions Chelsea in the race for the former Wolfsburg and Borussia Dortmund winger.
The Blues are said to be planning an end-of-window spending spree and are targeting Perisic, who scored against Antonio Conte's side in a pre-season friendly in Singapore.
Former Inter and Chelsea striker Hernan Crespo claimed that Perisic could end up at Stamford Bridge instead of Old Trafford.
But Jose Mourinho is said to be set to reignite his interest in the £48m-rated wide player, so he could go head-to-head with his former club just as he did to sign Romelu Lukaku from Everton for £75m.
Comparing new video games to From Software's genre-defining action RPG series Dark Souls has become a crutch in contemporary gaming criticism, to the point where the statement has lost its meaning. Nevertheless, it would be disingenuous to describe Bandai Namco's Code Vein as anything besides “Soulslike.”
Like Nioh, Code Vein wears Hidetaka Miyazaki's influence on its sleeve, taking the signature gameplay of From Software's notoriously tough RPG while adding its own spin to its combat, progression, and, of course, visual direction. We went hands on with Code Vein on PlayStation 4 at a recent Bandai Namco event in New York to see how it measures up to the modern classic with which it begs comparison. What we found was more familiar than fresh, but we suspect that will be more than enough for a lot of fans.
An Unkindled by any other name would smell as ashen
Like the Unkindled in Dark Souls' Lordran, in Code Vein you play as the undead denizens of an isolated, post-apocalyptic city. You and other Revenants have lost your memories from life, and must work together to restore them and escape. Your nemesis, “the Queen,” is another revenant content to rule the city and save its limited resources for herself.
The foes you'll face throughout are all former Revenants, driven to become “Mad Lost” when they run out of blood, the game's equivalent currency to souls that fuels character progression. Like Dark Souls, you collect blood from every enemy you kill, and drop your unused stash at the site of your death, to be re-collected in your next life.
It would be disingenuous to describe Bandai Namco's Code Vein as anything besides “Soulslike.”
Gameplay mostly focuses on combat and exploration of the game's interlinked and varying environments, laid out around a central hub. Our demo spanned two areas: a dark, cave level full of humanoid lost, and an urban, post-apocalyptic arena boss fight against a “Queen's Knight” — a tall, imposing, and armored warrior that gave us a tricky, pitched battle.
Maintaining the same basic framework as Souls, the game has a health bar to track your life and recharging stamina to limit your actions. Light and heavy attacks balance speed and strength, depending on your needs, and a dodge roll and parry help get you out of hairy situations. As in the Souls series, you are committed to your actions once the button's been pressed and the animation's triggered, encouraging deliberate, tactical play rather than button-mashing.
The vanity of small differences
While similarities to the Souls games will draw many players in, how it differs from that source material will determine whether Code Vein sinks or swims. In addition to Health, Stamina, and Blood, the player also has a “Focus” meter, which fills whenever you receive damage or dodge attacks. A full focus meter can be used to for special blocks, attacks, and throws, rewarding aggressive players with a kind of momentum for putting themselves into harm's way.
Code Vein Compared To
In addition to blood, players also earn “Ichor,” a mana meter of sorts that is spent to power special abilities called “Gifts.” Gifts range from temporary passive buffs, such as adding lightning to your weapon attacks or increasing their speed, to more conventional spells like bolts of magic or healing for your ally. Up to eight Gifts can be equipped at a time.
What sets Code Vein apart most from its predecessors is that you can have an AI-controlled companion with you at all times, chosen from a range of characters with different skills. Choosing your partner is both a strategic concern — you want to choose the character you feel best compliments your play style — and a narrative one, because each character imparts their personality onto your adventure, and has unique sidequests for you to follow.
Choosing your partner is both a strategic concern and a narrative one.
Having a companion definitely helps take the edge off of the genre's notorious difficulty, giving the player a little more room to fail. Whenever we died there was a short window during which our companion, if alive, could revive us by donating half of their remaining health. We could do the same for them using one of our gifts, which was crucial for surviving the punishing Queen's Knight battle. Even with backup, the fight was extremely challenging, but having an ally definitely helped mitigate that hopeless feeling that can come from slamming your head against the same boss repeatedly.
Another layer of customization unique to Code Vein is a more flexible class system. While Souls games ask you to choose a class at the beginning, which you then modify through incremental stat changes, Code Vein's classes are worn lightly, like a hat, and can be swapped out at any time. Called Blood Codes, these correspond to the classes you would expect for the genre, like an up-close brawler or a spell-slinger. Players level up their Blood Codes through experience, increasing their stats and unlocking new Gifts. Like the job system in Final Fantasy V, the player can swap Blood Codes as the situation demands, mixing and matching abilities.
Nobody puts Revenant in the corner
That reactive customization is probably what makes Code Vein stand out from the growing crowd of Soulslikes. Between Blood Codes, Gifts, and Companions, you have a lot of ways to tweak your character build on the fly, as opposed to proper Soulsbourne games in which you're a bit more committed to your choices. Punishing difficulty alone isn't enough of a selling point for a game without an iterative defining hook, but these sorts of quality of life gameplay improvements make the game stand out in an increasingly crowded genre.
We enjoyed our limited time with Code Vein, even if it did not particularly hook us. While the combat didn't quite have the weight and deliberate pacing we've come to associate with Soulslikes, it fills the battle system out with additional mechanics (e.g. Focus, Ichor, and Gifts) that open up new tactical possibilities. It's a fundamentally iterative design, and thus it will appeal to a largely self-selecting audience of players looking for this particular kind of experience, especially those that prefer the post-apocalyptic anime aesthetic over the Souls games' grimdark gothic.
That's not to say that this is simply “anime Dark Souls,” either. That description is largely accurate, but reductive. Code Vein aims to be a studied and thoughtful genre piece, in which aficionados will find a lot to explore. Code Vein is on track to launch on PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and PC in early 2018.
By Robyn Collins
Ed Sheeran never made it to his label's Grammys party. It's not like he didn't want to go, he wasn't allowed in.
Related: Ed Sheeran Surprised by Comeback Success
After the British singer/songwriter performed his new single, “The Shape of You,” at the GRAMMYs, he tried to get into his party, but he was turned away along with a crowd of others, so he went to another afterparty to celebrate.
“That's actually happened four years in a row, and that's not just my label's after-party, that's just afterparties in general,” he told NME. “It's just—do you know what I don't get… it's like you walk into those parties and there's four musicians there and everyone else there are people from L.A. who didn't even go to the GRAMMYs and just want a party to go to.”
“So I went to Benny Blanco and Diplo's party and arrived there super-early,” he continued, “and suddenly 2,000 people turned up.”
J.R. Davis, communications director for Gov. Asa Hutchinson, said the state is vowing to fight to execute prisoners. (Source: KARK/CNN)
By ANDREW DeMILLO and SEAN MURPHYAssociated Press
VARNER, Ark. (AP) - Arkansas officials vowed to carry out a double execution later this week after the U.S. Supreme Court delivered a setback to the state's plan to resume capital punishment for the first time in nearly 12 years with a ruling sparing an inmate just minutes before his death warrant was set to expire.
The court's decision was the second time Don Davis has been granted a reprieve shortly before execution - he came within hours of death in 2010. It capped a chaotic day of legal wrangling in state and federal courts Monday as Arkansas tried to clear obstacles to carrying out its first executions since 2005.
Gov. Asa Hutchinson had set an aggressive schedule of eight executions by the end of April, when the state's supply of midazolam, a key lethal injection drug, expires. If the state had been able to move ahead with its 11-day execution plan, it would have been the most inmates put to death by any state in such a short period since the U.S. Supreme Court reinstated the death penalty in 1976.
The executions of Davis and Bruce Ward were supposed to be the first two of those executions Monday, but Ward received a stay and the state did not appeal the decision. The state did challenge a stay granted to Davis, but the last-minute U.S. Supreme Court ruling ensured that he would not enter the death chamber Monday.
Davis had already been served a last meal of fried chicken, rolls, beans, mashed potatoes and strawberry cake, and witnesses were being moved toward the execution chamber when the Supreme Court ruled just minutes before his death warrant expired at midnight.
Davis was sentenced to death for the 1990 death of Jane Daniel in Rogers, Arkansas. The woman was killed in her home after Davis broke in and shot her with a .44-caliber revolver he found there.
Despite the setbacks, Attorney General Leslie Rutledge said Arkansas would press ahead with other planned executions, including two set for Thursday - Ledell Lee and Stacey Johnson.
"There are five scheduled executions remaining with nothing preventing them from occurring, but I will continue to respond to any and all legal challenges brought by the prisoners," Rutledge said.
Lawyers for the inmates were not immediately available after the U.S. Supreme Court ruling.
Earlier in the day, the state had cleared two of the main obstacles to resuming executions. The 8th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals reversed a federal judge's ruling blocking the executions over the use of midazolam, a sedative used in flawed executions in other states. The state Supreme Court also lifted a lower court ruling preventing the state from using another lethal injection drug that a supplier said was sold to be used for medical purposes, not executions.
The high court's order sparing Davis offered no explanation, but none of the justices voted in favor of lifting the stay. Monday marked the first day that the U.S. Supreme Court was in session with new Justice Neil Gorsuch on the bench.
Arkansas enacted a law two years ago keeping secret the source of its lethal injection drugs, a move officials said was necessary to find new supplies. Despite the secrecy measure, prison officials have said it will be very difficult to find a supplier willing to sell Arkansas midazolam after its current stock expires.
___
DeMillo reported from Little Rock. Associated Press writers Jill Bleed in Little Rock and Kelly P. Kissel in Varner contributed to this report.
___
Follow Sean Murphy on Twitter at www.twitter.com/apseanmurphy and Andrew DeMillo at www.twitter.com/ademillo .
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
It was the 89th minute of a 2-2 match between title-contending Liverpool and relegation-battling Sunderland when Papy Djilobodji clashed heads with Divock Origi. The Black Cats' defender went to the ground holding his head and was tended to by trainers for several minutes. He kept holding his head and looked dazed before gingerly walking off the pitch, still holding his head.
Then, incredibly, Djilobodji re-entered the match.
Suddenly whether Liverpool or Sunderland could steal a huge two points was no longer the focus. It was whether Djilobodji would make it to the final whistle. He continued to hold his head and looked entirely out of it. Every header came with fear … anytime the ball came near him at all you held your breath. One on routine clearance, Djilobodji kicked the ball out with his foot, then dropped to the ground and clutched his head.
Thankfully, Djilobodji made it to the end of the match without another clash of heads or anything that appeared to be exceedingly dangerous. But that's only if you believe having him on the pitch at all wasn't exceedingly dangerous.
Maybe scarier than Djilobodji even being on the pitch was the series of circumstances and culture that allowed it to happen.
FIFA and the Premier League still don't have an adequate protocol for head injuries. If they did, Djilobodji wouldn't have been allowed back on the pitch at all. And Sunderland, and manager David Moyes especially, failed terribly by letting him go back out there. Sunderland still had a sub remaining — there was no reason for him to still be on the field.
Djilobodji wasn't even tended to long enough to undergo a proper concussion test. So whether he had a concussion or not — and concussions aren't the only head injuries to worry about — is irrelevant because the systems weren't in place to ensure he didn't before playing on.
And then there were the announcers.
“Tell him it's 2-2 and you're playing Liverpool,” the color man said about Djilobodji.
That is the attitude and culture around the sport. One that doesn't take head injuries seriously, that puts a couple points in January ahead of a player's wellbeing, and one that thinks there should even be a debate between a player's head and the competitiveness of the sport.
That attitude is a huge reason why FIFA and the Premier League — along with every other league in the world — doesn't have good enough concussion protocols. This attitude also explains why the Laws of the Game haven't been adjusted to ensure that when a player suffers a head injury, his team won't be penalized if they're out of subs or have to debate whether to use a sub on a player who may be concussed. And why Sunderland allowed Djilobodji to return to the match.
This was hardly the first time that negligence with a head injury was apparent in a match. It's all too common and no league or governing body has shown enough urgency. Instead, they take half-measures, while announcers and fans laugh at it or worry about competitiveness.
Unfortunately, it looks more and more like a player will have to suffer a horribly scary and damaging head injury on a pitch for the sport to properly act. Hopefully that's not the case, but it's hard to see another way after Djilobodji became just the latest player to be failed by the game.
BOISE, Idaho — Chandler Hutchison had 21 points and 12 rebounds and Boise State beat Sacramento State 77-54 on Saturday.
Hutchison was 7 of 14 from the floor, made 6 of 8 free throws and collected his fourth double-double of the season. Justinian Jessup added 18 points for Boise State (9-1), which has won five straight, is 6-0 at home and is off to its best start since the 1988-89 season.
Jeff Wu scored 16 points for Sacramento State (2-8). Justin Strings added 15 points and 10 rebounds.
Joshua Patton's layup pulled the Hornets to 14-13 with 9:31 remaining in the first half. David Wacker made consecutive dunks and Christian Sengfelder slammed another to spark a 24-10 surge and the Broncos led 38-23 at halftime. Sengfelder added two 3-pointers and scored all 13 of his points during the stretch.
Japan's World Cup send-off match against Ghana did not go to plan as they lost 2-0 in Yokohama on Wednesday to a side that failed to qualify for the finals in Russia.
The game had been touted as preparation for Japan's Group H clash with Senegal, but it will likely give coach Akira Nishino cause for concern due to the nature of the goals conceded in their final match at home before their campaign starts on June 19.
Japan remained on level terms for just nine minutes, as Tomoaki Makino was penalised on the edge of the area and Thomas Partey found the bottom-right corner with his free-kick – goalkeeper Eiji Kawashima failing to keep it out despite getting his hands to it.
Keisuke Honda went close to restoring parity just after the half-hour mark, but Richard Ofori blocked the effort with his leg.
And Ghana took full advantage early in the second half – debutant Emmanuel Boateng slotting home a penalty after a dreadful mix-up between Kawashima and Makoto Hasebe resulted in the Levante attacker being brought down.
The Black Stars ultimately had little difficulty holding on, leaving Japan hoping to produce an improvement in their next World Cup warm-up games against Switzerland and Paraguay.
YNaija Editorial: What President Buhari must do in 2017
At the start of every new year, there is a burst of hope and optimism that the year will be better than the ones before it. Goals are set and plans are made to make the hopes of a great year a reality. The year 2016 was a pretty rough one for Nigeria: for the first […]
This post YNaija Editorial: What President Buhari must do in 2017 appeared first on YNaija.
This post was syndicated from YNaija. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Time for another Music Friday and we welcome Singer/ Songwriter Wes Mason. He has just released a self-titled EP and we get to hear a bit of it
Liverpool star Mo Salah has scored twice in quick succession against his former club Roma to give Jurgen Klopp's side a 2-0 lead in their Champions League semi-final first leg.
Salah opened the scoring by picking out the top corner with a lofted effort from the edge of the box.
OHHH MO SALAH! 👏 What a goal! What a moment! Liverpool and their Egyptian King go marching on! 🇪🇬👑 pic.twitter.com/30UvuOdnTJ — Football on BT Sport (@btsportfootball) April 24, 2018
He doubled his and Liverpool's tally with a delicious dink over Roma keeper Alisson.
Salah! Again! Wow! This time the coolest of dinks over the keeper! 😎 Goal number 43 of the season 😳 pic.twitter.com/pkQWlhS26l — Football on BT Sport (@btsportfootball) April 24, 2018
On both occasions he declined to celebrate and instead held both arms up as if he was surrendering.
SEATTLE — While the offense is finding its stride, the Seattle Mariners are emerging from their early-season funk thanks to a pitching resurgence.
Mariners right-hander Yovani Gallardo (0-1, 6.30 ERA) will be tasked with continuing the rotation's dominance Tuesday when he opposes the Miami Marlins and left-hander Wei-Yin Chen (1-0, 7.00 ERA).
Ariel Miranda's seven shutout innings in Seattle's 6-1 win over Miami on Monday gave the Mariners three starts in four games of seven-plus innings and one run or fewer. The bullpen has allowed two runs in 12 1/3 innings (1.46 ERA), lowering its season ERA more than a run while helping Seattle to a four-game winning streak.
Thanks to the recent run, the Mariners' team ERA is down to a respectable 4.16, which ranks 10th in the American League.
Gallardo hasn't helped in that department. The 31-year-old veteran turned in a pair of five-inning starts to open the season, allowing four runs in a loss to the Los Angeles Angels on April 7 and three runs in a no-decision vs. the Houston Astros on Wednesday.
The Mariners handed Gallardo a 5-0 lead vs. Houston, but he walked three in the fourth inning, one of them with the bases loaded, to contribute to the Astros' comeback for a 10-5 win.
“Just lost command there for a couple hitters,” Gallardo told The Seattle Times. “In that situation, something like that can't happen, especially when you're up five runs. Just definitely can't.
“I think early in the game I was attacking the strike zone, just being aggressive. And then just tried to be too perfect in that fourth inning, for some reason. It's frustrating. It's frustrating something like that can happen from one inning to the next.”
Gallardo still might have a good chance to continue the Mariners' hot pitching — at least against Miami. In nine career starts vs. the Marlins, he has lost only once and has a 1.90 ERA.
Despite the Marlins only getting four innings from starter Tom Koehler in the Monday loss, their bullpen should still be fairly fresh in the second game of the series. Miami received four innings from starter-turned-reliever Jose Urena to finish off the game, giving the rest of the bullpen a night off.
“Jose kind of saved us there,” Marlins manager Don Mattingly said. “That's not what we're looking for to start the trip, but not having to use anybody else out there was about the only silver lining pretty much in the night.”
Chen tossed six strong innings of one-run ball on April 7 to beat the New York Mets, but he lasted only three frames in a rematch six days later, allowing six runs on seven hits in a no-decision.
Chen has a history of success against the Mariners, going 3-3 with a 3.04 ERA in eight career starts, all during his time with the Baltimore Orioles from 2012-15. He is 2-1 with a 2.81 ERA in five starts at Safeco Field.
The Mariners wouldn't mind getting off to another start like the one they produced Monday, when Robinson Cano and Nelson Cruz hit back-to-back home runs in the first inning to produce a 3-0 lead.
FOX Fantasy Baseball Join or Create a Free League
Play Now!
OMNISPORT
Lucas Perez could yet secure a return to Deportivo La Coruna, according to the Arsenal striker's agent.
The Spaniard has failed to impress since completing a £12.7million move to the club from Depor last August, featuring in only 11 Premier League games and scoring once.
A £10.9m transfer back to the Riazor is on the cards, but the two clubs are yet to agree terms, leaving Lucas - excluded from Arsenal's squad for the 4-3 opening-night win over Leicester City - in limbo.
Lucas Perez across all competitions since 2015/16:
44 starts 🏃
25 goals ⚽️
14 assists 🅰️
Involved in a goal once every 105.5 minutes. 👀 pic.twitter.com/2aX66YGBRr — Squawka Football (@Squawka) August 7, 2017
The 28-year-old's representative Rodrigo Fernandez Lovelle told Sky Sports: "I think the £10.9million that Deportivo La Coruna have offered Arsenal is a great deal. Deportivo received £12.7million when they sold him to them last summer.
"They are giving everything to make this transfer possible. Lucas wants to play but he has a contract with Arsenal. I am hopeful an agreement can be reached."
Pepe Mel's Depor started their LaLiga campaign with Sunday's visit of champions Real Madrid.
By Abby Hassler
Ever wanted to hear Justin Bieber singing in Spanish? Fans get their wish in Luis Fonsi and Daddy Yankee's “Despacito” remix, where the singer starts the new track with a verse in English but switches over to Spanish for the chorus.
Related: Ringo Starr Confirms The Beatles are Bigger than Justin Bieber
The “Sorry” singer built up anticipation ahead of the track's release by posting photos from his recording session on social media last week. One of the photos ended up being the cover for the remix.
Listen to the remix below.
An international journalist' rights organization is calling on Russian authorities to investigate threats made against a newspaper that reported gays were being tortured and killed in Chechnya.
The report this month in the respected Novaya Gazeta drew a range of official denials and rebukes. Chechen President Ramzan Kadyrov on Sunday said international attention to the story constituted a “massive information attack … to blacken our society, lifestyle, traditions and customs.”
A meeting of elders and Islamic leaders in Chechnya after the story appeared called for retribution, which Novaya Gazeta said “pushes religious fanatics toward the massacre of journalists.”
On Monday, the Committee to Protect Journalists said Russia should “act swiftly, decisively and effectively” against threats to the newspaper and to the story's reporter.
Moon Alert
After 6 AM EDT today (3 AM PDT) we have the “all clear” today to shop and do business. The Moon is in Capricorn.
Aries (March 21-April 19)
Today you are in the minds and thoughts of others. Someone might be checking out your resume or your statistics or data. Someone might discuss private details about your personal life. (Yikes!) Be aware of this.
Taurus (April 20-May 20)
You have a yearning to do something different today. You're restless for adventure. You want to travel or learn something new and exciting. Therefore, travel if possible. And if not, be a tourist in your own town. Talk to people from other cultures.
Gemini (May 21-June 20)
It's appropriate to focus on red-tape details like taxes, debt, insurance issues, inheritances, the shared wealth of others or jointly-held property. It's dry stuff but it's important. You have the upper hand now because the Sun is in your sign. Play your cards.
Cancer (June 21-July 22)
Because the Moon is in a sign opposite your sign today, you have to go more than halfway when dealing with others. This simply means you have to be accommodating and cooperative. No biggie. Basically, this is who you are all the time.
Leo (July 23-Aug. 22)
You're gung ho to get better organized. You want to improve your game. Not only do you want to be effective, productive and efficient, you want to be healthier as well. Yes, you want it all! Let's hear it, Eva Peron style, arms wide open – “I want it all!”
Virgo (Aug. 23-Sept. 22)
You're lucky! Virgos are having a fun-loving, playful day! Take a long lunch. Leave work early. Meet friends for Happy Hour. Enjoy playful activities with children. Enjoy arts and crafts and any creative event. Romance swoons dizzily along.
Libra (Sept. 23-Oct. 22)
You will welcome a chance to cocoon at home today because you feel the need to withdraw. This does not mean you feel antisocial. Au contraire. You are entirely interested in others and curious about their welfare. But today, you want to rest and regroup.
Scorpio (Oct. 23-Nov. 21)
In conversation with others today, you want to get right down to the nitty-gritty of things. You will be impatient with superficial chitchat about the weather. You want the facts – the real skinny. (“How's your sex life?”) People know you can keep a secret.
Sagittarius (Nov. 22-Dec. 21)
You have money on your mind today. Many of you are thinking of ways to boost your income or make a little money on the side. Ha! What's new? Actually, this is an excellent time to negotiate with others or divide shared property because you'll come out laughing all the way to the bank.
Capricorn (Dec. 22-Jan. 19)
Today, for the second day, the Moon is in your sign making you a bit more emotional than usual. However, two days every month, when the Moon is in your sign, you also get a bit of extra good luck! (Not too shabby.) Maybe you can use it?
Aquarius (Jan. 20-Feb. 18)
Today you prefer to be alone or work behind the scenes because you want to lie in the weeds and be low to profile. No biggie. This gives you a chance to reassess, regroup and think about your health and how you can work more efficiently. Basic stuff.
Pisces (Feb. 19-March 20)
A conversation with a female friend or acquaintance could be significant today. It might be to your benefit to share your hopes and dreams for the future with this person because their feedback will help you. (You never know where you're going to establish a great contact or get your next hot tip.)
If Your Birthday Is Today
Actress Archie Panjabi (1972) shares your birthday today. You are intelligent and creative. You sometimes have a “tough guy” mask that can be misleading. This is a wait and see year – slower paced. You need rest and rejuvenation. It's a time of cooperation with others. Focus on business and personal relationships. Look for ways to practice kindness and be helpful to others. Be calm, cool and pleasant.
LOUISVILLE, Ky. (AP) - Kentucky will partner with a nonpartisan health foundation to help implement the state's Medicaid waiver.
Republican Gov. Matt Bevin and other state officials have scheduled a news conference for Wednesday to announce the partnership with the Foundation for a Healthy Kentucky.
Kentucky is one of 32 states to expand its Medicaid program under former President Barack Obama's health care law. In January, President Donald Trump's administration gave Kentucky permission to make changes to the state's Medicaid program. Those changes include charging monthly premiums and requiring some recipients to get a job or do volunteer work to qualify for coverage.
The Foundation for a Healthy Kentucky opened in 2001 and has spent $27 million in health policy research. Its president and CEO is former Democratic U.S. Rep. Ben Chandler.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The Rotary Club of Grantham, along with thousands of Rotary clubs across the globe, is marking historic progress towards a polio-free world by planting crocuses leading up to World Polio Day on October 24.
Members of the Rotary Club of Grantham have been busy planting 10,000 crocus bulbs at Harlaxton Manor with the help of students from America.
Since Rotary and its partners launched the Global Polio Eradication Initiative nearly 30 years ago, reports of polio have plummeted by more than 99.9 per cent, from about 350,000 cases a year in 125 countries to just 37 cases in the three remaining polio-endemic countries, Afghanistan, Pakistan and Nigeria, in 2016.
Geoff Turner, president of the Rotary Club of Grantham, said: “I am delighted for the club to be involved in this project and thank Harlaxton College for their support, allowing bulbs to be planted at the front gates and also in front of the manor itself.”
Rotarians across Britain and Ireland are also lighting up iconic buildings purple and holding other events for World Polio Day, as part of Rotary International in Great Britain and Ireland's Purple4Polio campaign.
Purple is the colour of the dye placed on the little finger on the left hand of a child to show they have been immunised against polio, hence the name Purple4Polio. With millions of children to vaccinate, this makes it easier to see who has been protected and who has not.
Rotary has contributed more than US$1.7 billion to ending polio since 1985, including over US$1 million from the Rotary Global Swimarathon organised by the Rotary Club of Grantham between 2012 and 2017.
CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. (WESH) — For the first time, SpaceX officials are talking in detail about the launch pad that was damaged in a huge rocket explosion last year.
The pad is back in business, and the launch next week will include some firsts.
People can get within miles of launch pad 40 at the Cape, and SpaceX, which rents the pad from the Air Force, still won't release a picture of it. But it surely looks different from the way it was Sept. 1, 2016.
During a prelaunch engine test, a fully fueled SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket exploded when a helium tank inside the rocket ruptured.
“After we kind of dusted off ourselves after the accident, we really looked at this as an opportunity to not only rebuild the pad, but make it better,” said John F. Muratore, director of launch operations for Launch Complex 39A at SpaceX.
One of the big improvements is a stronger system to lift the rocket to vertical; now it takes five minutes instead of 30. SpaceX engineers say the pad is safer, too, and more efficient.
It can now host a rocket launch once a week, if needed. The next launch is Tuesday, and it'll be the first time the company launches a reused rocket paired with a reused cargo ship. The cargo ship will take supplies to the space station on its second visit there. And if the same thing happens again?
“We mapped out, after the accident, where every piece of hardware went, and where all the damage was. And we've moved as much equipment as possible out beyond that boundary,” Muratore said.
The world will get a better look at the rebuilt pad during the launch Tuesday.
WHAT OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON RIGHT NOW:
(AP Photo/Reed Saxon). This Tuesday, April 11, 2017 photo shows the entrance to North Park Elementary School in San Bernardino, Calif., following the shooting death of a teacher and a student on Monday. Classes are scheduled to resume Monday, April 17,...
(AP Photo/Reed Saxon). In this Tuesday, April 11, 2017 photo, North Park Elementary School principal Yadira Downing, center rear, talks with Ruben Gutierrez and his grandson Jeffrey Imbriani, 7, after shooting death of a teacher and a student on Monday...
(AP Photo/Reed Saxon). In this Tuesday, April 11, 2017 photo, North Park Elementary School principal Yadira Downing, center right facing camera, with glasses on, talks with faculty, staff and parents following the shooting death of a teacher and a stud...
SAN BERNARDINO, Calif. (AP) - With police keeping a watchful eye, students streamed into a San Bernardino elementary school Monday morning for the first time since a gunman opened fire, killing his estranged wife and an 8-year-old student.
Classes at North Park Elementary resumed Monday, a week after the shooting.
A performer blew large bubbles and a man handed out teddy bears as busses rolled up and students headed into the school.
Police officers stood guard outside as the students and teachers walked into school, passing a large banner that read: "We love you."
The school had been closed since April 10, when Cedric Anderson walked into his estranged wife's classroom and opened fire, killing her and an 8-year-old boy. He then fatally shot himself.
He targeted Karen Smith but also struck two of her students: 8-year-old Jonathan Martinez, who died, and 9-year-old Nolan Brandy, who was expected to recover and was released from the hospital on Friday.
Police said Anderson had been unsuccessfully trying to convince his wife, Karen Elaine Smith, to take him back after a breakup just weeks into their marriage.
When she rejected his attempts, Anderson went to the school and killed her, police said.
School officials said security has been tightened at North Park and counselors are being made available for students and staff.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Grind Til We Rich rapper 2Eleven drops off his new visual, “That's Out”, featuring Earl Swavey and West Coast mainstay Mitchy Slick. Delivering some new slang and lingo over production from Cypress Moreno, Deuce shows why the streets of LA keep coming back to his music.
In the video Deuce takes fans through his neighborhood, showing how him and his crew live in Inglewood. To add to the visual, 2Eleven has planned a series of releases to bring fans closer to his life in Inglewood.
Also look out for his upcoming behind the scenes series as Deuce prepares for his long awaited project with appearances from with Freddie Gibbs, Casey Veggies, Jay 305, Sean Mackk, 1500 Or Nothing and Cargo Got Wings.
About 2Eleven:
(Los Angeles, CA) – Hailing from the Inglewood neighborhood of Los Angeles, West Coast rapper 2Eleven returns with a new single that continues his push with Grind Til We Rich Records. The L.A. based imprint has been picking up steam recently with a series of successful releases and collaborations with various LA based artists.
For his most recent track 2Eleven links up with Earl Swavey and West Coast mainstay Mitchy Slick over production from Cypress Moreno. There's an accompanying video on the way for “Thats Out” taking you through their neighborhood as 2Eleven has planned a series of releases to bring fans in closer to his life in Inglewood.
“This project is about story telling and everything that I went through. There are verses about how me and Jeezy fell out, there's stuff on there about the shit I went through in the hood before I was a rapper and there's stuff about what I'm going through now. I'm in a good space right now, I'm all the way independent and we have a couple artists on the label but the goal is to make that motivational good music and to continue to sell records independently,” 2Eleven said.
While Grind Til We Rich is still in It's warm up phase, 2Eleven has a host of features lined up for his yet to be named project including appearances from Freddie Gibbs, Casey Veggies, Jay 305, Sean Mackk and many more. Production on the effort is lead by 1500 Or Nothing and Cargo Got Wings among several other well accomplished producers including Cypress Moreno.
For more information, booking or features from 2Eleven please contact Grind Til We Rich Records and be sure to check out 2 Eleven on social media via the icons below:
PASCO COUNTY, Fla. (WFLA) — A senior in the Pasco County school district has been arrested for threatening to kill a former teacher, according to the sheriff's office.
Sheriff's deputies arrested 18-year-old Desiree Zio late Sunday night, hours before Pasco County students were set to go back for their first day of school.
According to investigators, Zio posted on Facebook that she was going to kill her former teacher at River Ridge High School. Zio is currently a senior at Marchman Technical College.
During an interview, Zio admitted to posting the statement on Facebook. Deputies say she intended to find the teacher at her home or at the school with the intent to stab her with a knife.
Zio is charged with written threats to kill or do bodily injury.
STORIES OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON-
>> BACK TO TOP STORIES
MIAMI — A judge has decided that Florida school shooting suspect Nikolas Cruz should continue to be represented by a public defender at taxpayer expense.
Broward County Circuit Judge Elizabeth Scherer's ruling Tuesday says Cruz has at most $28,000 in assets. Scherer says that's not enough money to hire a private lawyer in a potential death penalty case of this magnitude.
The 19-year-old Cruz is charged with 17 counts of murder and 17 counts of attempted murder in the Feb. 14 massacre at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida. He is being held without bail.
Cruz's lawyers have said he will plead guilty if prosecutors waive the death penalty. The Broward County state attorney's office has not been willing to do that.
Still, it seems some people aren't paying heed. A bunch of wannabe investors are even going so far as to take mortgages out to buy bitcoin, while others are running up credit cards and turning to equity lines. That's according to securities regulator, Joseph Borg.
As the president of the North American Securities Administrators Association, he knows a thing or two about this stuff. Bitcoin is in the "mania" phase, Borg told CNBC in reference to the frenzy around the currency. And, while the launch of the first US Bitcoin futures exchange by Cboe is dragging it into the financial mainstream, that doesn't mean it will go the distance, according to Borg. He added that the currency is still not regulated, with regulators struggling to keep pace with the tech's innovation.
"We're looking at it from a money transmission point of view but that doesn't cover the entire bitcoin space," explained Borg. He concluded that the Blockchain technology that underpins Bitcoin is here to stay, along with cryptocurrency (in one form or another). Whether Bitcoin will survive all the speculative interest remains as unclear as ever.
Parliament has approved the Customs Amendment Bill 2017 that will allow for the removal of import duty on vehicular spare parts.
The bill was passed after a protracted debate, with the minority insisting the bill is unconstitutional and a breach of the ECOWAS treaty.
They also questioned why government did not remove all duties on spare parts as promised in the 2017 budget statement.
Deputy Minority Leader James Avedzi said the move will only benefit spare part importers and not the ordinary Ghanaian.
“The government must ensure that you are reducing the duty on the parts. As the importers enjoy the reduction in duties they must reduce the prices of the parts but there is no mechanism to ensure that.
“They will go and get the reduction, enrich their pockets but they will not reduce the prices of the parts,” he said.
He added if the buyers will not benefit from the reduction, then there is no point in implementing the policy.
The protest by the Minority follows a major policy announcement by the government to reduce taxes and duties it described as nuisance.
As part of the 2017 budget statement that was read on the floor, the Finance Minister Ken Ofori Atta announced that import duties had been removed on spare parts a major policy decision which got spare parts dealers at Abossey Okai in Accra and other parts of the country jubilating.
Despite passing the budget, there was the need to amend the country's laws to allow for the import duties on the spare parts to be removed.
With the law amended and the duties removed it is yet to be seen if the prices of spare parts will reduce.
PLAYMAKER: Hammers' Liam Urwin will be a key player to crack the Nambour forwards.
PLAYMAKER: Hammers' Liam Urwin will be a key player to crack the Nambour forwards. Leeroy Todd
Rugby Union: It has been eight to nine years since the Hammers held the "Bone” in their hand and the focus will be to win it on home soil this weekend.
With a double header at Albert Park, the men and women will be aiming for a double win.
Nambour's experienced forward pack and high calibre players will mean an exciting contest.
Ben Shepherd. LEEROY TODD
"We are expecting it to be a tight game and every whistle blown will present an opportunity,” Hammers' coach Jason McPherson said.
"We will need to respect their abilities and need to enforce an aggressive style of defence right from the hooter.”
Hammers had a tough loss to USC in the season opener two weeks ago and McPherson is hoping his side play until full time.
Ben Shephard. Leeroy Todd
"We won't want to give them any opportunities or they will capitalise,” McPherson said.
"Nambour have a good five-eighth and historically has controlled the game very well. We will need to send a lot of traffic his way in both attack and defence.”
With only one loss this year, Nambour will be tough opposition, but McPherson says his boys are up to the challenge.
Matt Jamesy. Leeroy Todd
"These boys have what it takes to topple Nambour. The byes have been a bit disruptive but the boys have come together really well with unseen camaraderie behind the scenes,” he said.
"The blokes are starting to respect each other and the boys are not wanting to shape the new players' game but react to their movement as they get to know each other.”
Despite still missing centre Owen Dugdale, McPherson hopes moving Liam Urwin will lead to chances.
Alex Wilson. Leeroy Todd
"I will move him to number 10 and put him in a controlling role,” he said.
"Hopefully that will create opportunities with our bigger men in the centres.”
With a few new players blooded, McPherson said he encourages his side to play multiple sports.
"They should be playing as much as they can with their mates. I have always been a big supporter of the boys playing multiple sports,” McPherson said.
Ryan Gottke. Leeroy Todd
"This is our town and if we don't get behind all the clubs, it is only time until one falls over.”
It will be a must-win for the Hammers' women to get into the finals when they take on Maroochydore.
"There have been good numbers at training and I am hoping we will go well,” women's coach Mark Crumblin said.
With Maroochydore's big forward pack, speed will be key for the home side.
"The key for us will be getting the ball out wide and using our speed,” Crumblin said.
"Caitlin Urwin and Jemma Lee will be our key players who will hopefully get us over the line.
"Our aim will be to get up the middle and then spread the ball wide to utilise our speed.”
Hammers women will kick off at 1pm and men's at 2pm on Saturday at Albert Park.
Handbag.com, TheSite.org and Arizona State University have it all figured out. Remember, your underwear doesn't dictate who you are, but instead expresses your personality.
For Women:
High-cut briefs
Ladies who wear “granny panties” tend to be perfectionists, except when it comes to style. They care most about comfort and function.
Boy shorts or thongs
Women who don these are confident go-getters who enjoy a challenge. (The challenge is not to let people see you picking your butt) They like to show off their curves, are outgoing and open to new things.
Matchy matchy
Some women must have a matching bra and panty set. These confident women are quite fashion-conscious and enjoy pampering themselves. Some might even call them spoiled or high-maintenance.
For Men:
Boxers
Wearing boxers is all about comfort, but men who prefer boxers are generally laidback, not too flashy and light-hearted. Boxers are the No. 1 choice in underwear for men.
Briefs
Nicknamed tightie-whities even if they are red, blue or some other colour, briefs are worn by men who are inhibited and like the restricted feel of this kind of underwear.
Boxer-briefs
Can you say the best of both worlds? Men who opt for boxer-briefs are very good at committing in relationships. Hey, they already know how to compromise since they've done it with their underwear!
Thongs
Men who wear thongs are tremendously outgoing and even exhibitionists at times.
Going commando
Either someone forgot to do the laundry or he is very down-to-earth and embraces a natural way of life.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Crystal Palace boss Roy Hodgson admits that the spending power of some clubs in the Premier League has increased the gap between the top and bottom of the division.
The Eagles are one of several clubs who could go down this season, with the bottom 11 sides separated by just eight points after 25 games.
Burnley, Leicester City and Everton currently sit seventh, eighth and ninth respectively, with the Clarets on 35 points, but even they are seven points behind Arsenal in sixth and 13 points behind Tottenham in fifth.
And Hodgson admits that there is currently a clear top six in the league, although he says there are reasons behind the gulf that has emerged.
"Money has had a part to play, there is no doubt about that," he said.
"The top teams in that top six, it might be top seven now, they do have enormous spending power.
"The 50-odd millions, 75 millions, the swap between [Alexis] Sanchez and [Henrikh] Mkhitaryan, these are things that a lot of the clubs around us don't have that firepower.
"And secondly, these clubs are traditionally clubs that because of their status, because of the size of their stadia and sponsorship, they have an advantage over other teams who don't have that level of income. So we can't deny that."
However, Hodgson says that while the top six have distanced themselves from the rest of the league this season, there is something of an anomaly in the fact that no teams have been cut adrift at the other end of the division.
And he says that while there is unlikely to be any side gatecrashing the top six this season, there is hope that teams currently in the bottom half can follow in the footsteps of Leicester City in seasons to come.
He said: "I think the more interesting question is why is it, if we do accept these six or seven who will be rarely seen in the bottom half and each year are fighting for the Champions League places, why is there no middle of the table this year?
"The rest of the teams have been pushed together. There are no teams at the bottom who have been divorced and looking with only 13 games to play, looking like we were at Fulham wondering 'how the hell do we get out of this?'
"There is no team like that. And there is no team in 8th or 9th place at the moment who is thinking relegation is out of the question.
"That's the interesting question because in that group there the difference in income is much less noticeable because we get good money from the television. We have different sponsorships, but in terms of money coming in, we are so much richer all of us than we were years ago and we are also able to buy players.
"Teams like Manchester City, United, Liverpool, Arsenal, the power they have to attract the best players in Europe, that should keep them up there a bit longer and leave people like us looking up there and hoping one day we can get there ourselves.
"But Leicester have proved it's possible. So that's our hope."
This 19-year-old boy from Gabon made a desperate attempt to be smuggled into Spain by curling up inside a suitcase.
A Moroccan woman has been arrested after he was found stashed away inside the case in Cueta, a Spanish enclave next to Morocco in north Africa.
It comes as more than 1,100 desperate migrants stormed a border fence just hours into 2017 in an
attempt to reach the Spanish territory.
MirrorUK reports they were trying to cross into the Spanish enclave but were met with a tall barbed wire fence and dozens of police.
CINCINNATI — Rookie Mitchell Trubisky knew there would be plenty of openings against Cincinnati's depleted defence.
The Bears exploited every one of them for their most-lopsided victory in five years.
Trubisky threw for a touchdown and ran for another in his best showing yet, and Chicago ended a five-game losing streak by routing the lacklustre Cincinnati Bengals 33-7 on Sunday.
Jordan Howard ran for 147 yards and a pair of touchdowns as the Bears (4-9) dominated a matchup of the NFL's worst offences.
Their rookie quarterback took full advantage of an aggressive game plan, completing a career-high 25 passes out of 32 attempts for 271 yards. He also ran 4 yards for a score.
“We just had fun doing it,” said Trubisky, who has completed 37 of 47 passes in the past two games without an interception. “We trusted the plan, went out there and let it loose.”
The Bengals (5-8) were coming off a 23-20 loss to the Steelers on Monday night that crushed their playoff hopes and gutted their defence.
The Bears piled up a season-high 482 yards against a unit missing starting cornerbacks Adam “Pacman” Jones and Dre Kirkpatrick as well as linebackers Vontaze Burfict and Nick Vigil.
“We knew they were banged up on that side of the ball and we wanted to take advantage,” Trubisky said.
The Bengals described themselves as embarrassed by their worst home drubbing since a 34-3 loss to Baltimore in 2008. Many of the 52,002 fans headed for the exits early in the fourth quarter.
“I'm at a loss for words today,” said coach Marvin Lewis, whose contract is up at the end of the season.
Everyone in the NFL's lowest-ranked offence had a big game. Tarik Cohen ran for 80 yards, and Kendall Wright caught 10 passes for 107 yards — the first Bears receiver to top 100 yards this season.
Andy Dalton was picked off for the first time since Oct. 22 in Pittsburgh, ending his career-best streak of 193 attempts without an interception.
The interception set up Trubisky's 1-yard touchdown pass that put the Bears in control 26-7 early in the fourth quarter, their biggest lead of the season.
“Definitely embarrassing,” said Bengals receiver A.J. Green, who had a dozen passes thrown his way but managed only five catches for 64 yards. “It's been a strange season for me.”
TOPPING 1,000
Howard has rushed for 1,032 yards this season. He's the first Bears running back to start their career with consecutive 1,000-yard seasons.
“There's a great running back tradition here, a lot to live up to,” Howard said. “So to do so, it's a great feeling.”
ROUGH WELCOME
The Bears signed kicker Mike Nugent after Cairo Santos went on injured reserve with a groin injury during the week. Nugent spent seven seasons with the Bengals, who released him last season after a streak of missed field goals and extra points. He was booed loudly whenever he came onto the field to kick.
Nugent missed an extra-point attempt — he hit the right upright — after Chicago's first touchdown, but was good on every other kick, including field goals of 34 and 27 yards.
“You're going to think of some of the negative stuff, but I had a really good time playing here in Cincinnati,” Nugent said. “I hated to see my run here end.”
HUGE NUMBERS
The Bears' big offensive game came on the heels of two of their worst. They managed only 140 and 147 yards in losses to the Eagles and 49ers the past two weeks.
AJ & AJ
Green went in to play defence on Chicago's desperation pass at the end of the first half, which fell incomplete — Green wound up with the ball. Backup quarterback AJ McCarron got his first playing time of the season, filling in during the closing minutes. He was 4 of 8 for 47 yards with a sack.
ILOKA'S DAY
Bengals safety George Iloka initially was suspended one game for his hit to Antonio Brown's head during the Steelers' win on Monday. The suspension was overturned on appeal. Iloka had eight tackles, third on the team.
INJURIES
Bears: Right guard Kyle Long went on injured reserve with a shoulder injury, but the Bears' offensive line had its way as Chicago piled up 29 first downs, more than double Cincinnati's total.
Bengals: Running back Joe Mixon was inactive because of a concussion suffered on Monday night. Giovani Bernard carried 11 times for 62 yards as Cincinnati's offence managed only 234 yards.
UP NEXT
The Bears play at Detroit on Saturday. They lost to the Lions 27-24 on Nov. 19.
The Bengals play at Minnesota on Sunday, facing former defensive co-ordinator Mike Zimmer.
——
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP–NFL
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Teams from all three emergency services are currently attending an incident in Thornton Heath, with concern for the safety of a woman on a rooftop.
Police were called to Brigstock Road at 3.15pm on Tuesday (April 24) to worried reports of a woman spotted on a rooftop above Tesco.
London Ambulance Service (LAS) paramedics and London Fire Brigade (LFB) firefighters are also in attendance in a supporting role.
At 5.45pm a spokesman for LAS said: "We were called at 3.19pm today to Brigstock Road, Thornton Heath, to reports of an incident.
"We sent an incident response officer, a single responder in a car and an ambulance crew.
"We remain on scene."
A spokeswoman for LFB said: "We were called at 3.51pm to assist police teams as they attended a call relating to concern for the safety of a woman."
People have been criticised on social media for filming the incident, with a number of people reportedly in the area.
(Image: @AndyTheBTMan)
We will be brought you an update when we receive further information from the emergency services.
*The Samaritans offer a free call number, which doesn't appear on the phone bill, for those suffering with suicidal thoughts or who just want to talk.
Call 116 123, email jo@samaritans.org or visit www.samaritans.org to find details of your nearest branch.
5 Best Ski Lodges In The U.S. A look at five of the very best ski lodges in the United States.
Five Must-See Destinations In ParisWithin the 41 square miles of Paris, France there are over 60 main attractions for visitors to discover ranging from Museums, Churches, Monuments and Squares as well as examples of contemporary and traditional architecture. This is far too many sites for the average tourist to attempt to visit during a short stay in the city of lights. Thus a list of the five most famous and must see attractions is in order.
DES MOINES, Iowa — Reed Timmer scored 27 points with six 3-pointers, including three straight 3s in a game-breaking run, and Drake beat Omaha 93-74 on Saturday night to snap a three-game skid.
Jalen Gibbs scored 16 points and C.J. Rivers and Casey Schlatter added 10 apiece for Drake (5-4), who avenged a 75-73 loss to the Mavericks on Nov. 29.
Omaha scored eight straight and tied it at 47 on Zach Jackson's 3-point play, but Timmer hit 12 straight points in a 14-2 run, including three consecutive 3-pointers, and Drake led 61-49 on Jalen Gibbs' layup with 13:04 left to play. Graham Woodward's jumper capped a 10-0 run and Drake led by 22 on his 3 with 1:23 to go.
Drake was outshot 52.6 per cent to 50 per cent from the floor, but made 15 of 31 3-pointers (48.4 per cent) and had only five turnovers.
Jackson scored 13 points with 13 rebounds for his first career double-double. Daniel Norl also scored 13, KJ Robinson had 11 and JT Gibson 10 for Omaha (1-10), which has lost three straight.
North Korea's deputy U.N. ambassador accused the United States on Monday of turning the Korean Peninsula into “the world's biggest hotspot” and creating “a dangerous situation in which a thermonuclear war may break out at any moment.”
Kim In Ryong told a news conference that “if the U.S. dares opt for a military action,” North Korea “is ready to react to any mode of war desired by the U.S.”
He said the Trump administration's deployment of the Carl Vinson nuclear carrier task group to waters off the Korean Peninsula again “proves the U.S. reckless moves for invading the DPRK have reached a serious phase of its scenario.”
Kim stressed that U.S.-South Korean military exercises being staged now are the largest-ever “aggressive war drill” aimed at his country, formally the Democratic People's Republic of Korea.
“The prevailing grave situation proves once again that the DPRK was entirely just when it increased in every way its military capabilities for self-defense and pre-emptive attack with a nuclear force as a pivot,” he said.
Tensions have escalated over North Korean moves to accelerate its weapons development. The North conducted two nuclear tests and 24 ballistic missile tests last year, defying six Security Council sanctions resolutions banning any testing, and it has conducted additional missile tests this year including one this past weekend that failed.
Kim spoke on a day that U.S. Vice President Mike Pence traveled to the tense zone dividing North and South Korea and warned Pyongyang that after years of testing the U.S. and South Korea with its nuclear ambitions, “the era of strategic patience is over.”
After 25 years of trying to deal patiently with North Korea over its nuclear program, Pence said, “all options are on the table” to deal with threat. And he warned that any use of nuclear weapons by Pyongyang would be met with “an overwhelming and effective response.”
Kim said the Trump administration is “trumpeting about ‘peace by strength'” by deploying “one strategic striking means after another in South Korea,” citing the Carl Vinson carrier group, nuclear strategic bombers and stealth fighters.
But he said the “the DPRK remains unfazed.”
“We never beg for peace but we will take the toughest counteraction against the provocateurs in order to defend ourselves by powerful force of arms and keep to the road chosen by ourselves,” Kim said.
He warned that as long as the United States and its allies “scheme to bring down the socialist system in the DPRK,” the government will keep increasing “its military muscle” to protect the country.
Kim said the DPRK's policy is shaped by the Trump administration's push for “high intensity sanctions” against the country, deploying tactical nuclear weapons in South Korea and launching military action aimed at “beheading” the North's leadership headed by Kim Jong-un.
He said rolling back the hostile U.S. policy toward the DPRK “is the precondition to solving all the problems in the Korean Peninsula.”
Kim called the press conference to “categorically reject” the U.S. decision to hold an open meeting of the Security Council on April 28 on North Korea's nuclear program which is scheduled to be chaired by U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson.
He called it “another abuse of authority” by the United States, which holds the Security Council presidency this month, and a violation of the DPRK's sovereignty.
Pointing to the recent U.S. airstrike on a Syrian base in retaliation for a chemical weapons attack, Kim said “the U.S. without any hesitation perpetrates military attacks” and threatens sovereign states.
He said the United States insists “on the gangster-like logic that its invasion of a sovereign state is ‘decisive, just and proportionate' and contributes to ‘defending' the international order in its bid to apply it to the Korean peninsula as well.”
Kim ignored questions about the DPRK's relationship with China and reports that the government didn't respond to requests from Chinese officials for a meeting.
Instead he reiterated two Chinese proposals that the U.S. rejected.
One called for “dual-track” talks on denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula — the top priority of the United States — and replacing the armistice that ended the 1950-53 Korean War with a formal peace treaty, a key demand of Pyongyang. The other called for a freeze on U.S.-South Korean military exercises and a freeze on DPRK missile and nuclear tests.
Sunday is the game of all games.
This weekend will be one of the busiest for grocery stores as many of you gear up for parties. But with the flu making so many sick, are some changing their social plans? Doctors suggest because of the sickness some changes should be made.
There are chips and dip, soda, wings and more. Superbowl Sunday brings out the best food leaving stores like Walt Churchill's Market busy.
"We'll be busy tomorrow and Sunday until the end of the day,” said Rob Carpenter, the grocery manager at the Perrysburg Walt Churchill's Market. “We'll be pretty busy that's just how it is."
They're hosting a chili bowl this weekend in addition to serving unique options for you to score big at your party. While some were bringing home their items for parties, medical experts warn those who are sick to avoid parties. But customers say the flu won't change their plans.
"No, I'll just go,” said Terri Seibold, a Perrysburg resident. “If you get sick, you get sick."
"No, we're not going to change it,” said Kathy Beaverson, a Perrysburg resident. “We're just going to our friends house for the Superbowl, so yep that's the plan we're going to take some manicotti."
Others say they plan on staying in for Sunday's big game. They haven't been sick yet and want to keep it that way.
"Just trying to be healthy," said Katie Soldwish of Perrysburg.
"People ought to be careful and maybe get their flu vaccine and wipe things down," said Scott Kelly, a Perrysburg resident.
Those shopping weren't going to let the sickness slow them down, but the store also has medicine and more just in case you catch more than footballs this weekend
Doctors want to help you avoid being tackled by the flu and are providing tips so you can enjoy the big game.
Experts from Mercy Health and ProMedica suggest you do not go out if you are ill. If someone is ill, don't host a party. Before the party, medical officials suggest hosts should disinfect their homes common surface areas like doorknobs, light switches and more.
Parties should have hand sanitizer and tissues readily available for guests. Along with keeping food covered and having clean utensils to use. It's also a great idea to keep a drink label handy so no one drinks from someone else's cup
To be extra safe it's best to even keep face masks on hand, decorating them to your favorite team for those who may come that are sick.
After the party is over, health officials suggest you deep clean the party area and consider getting rid of any leftovers.
Follow WTOL:
Download our app here.
Copyright 2018 WTOL. All rights reserved.
Anvil has become a synonym for persistence. Many music fans probably know the band from Anvil: The Story of Anvil, released in 2008. In addition … Continue reading →
MIAMI — David Beckham's latest soccer plan for Miami might be decided by the city's voters.
His target: a golf course.
Beckham is scheduled to appear before the Miami city commission next week as he and his partners aim to move closer to picking a stadium location for their Major League Soccer franchise. The Beckham group's latest proposal calls for a 28,000-seat stadium on the site of what is now the Melreese Country Club, a public golf course owned by the city that sits near Miami International Airport.
If commissioners approve, voters would decide on Nov. 6 whether to change the city's charter and allow what would be a no-bid deal to lease 73 acres at the Melreese site to the group. The deal Beckham is proposing calls for the city to collect nearly $140 million in rent payments over 39 years, a rate of roughly $3.5 million annually.
Beckham's group would pay an additional $20 million over 30 years to help fund a planned 58-acre park on the site.
The former Manchester United, Real Madrid and LA Galaxy star and business partner Jorge Mas are listed on the city's agenda for the July 12 meeting, described as scheduled to make a “personal appearance” and “special presentation.” They will ask commissioners to put the measure before voters, though it's certain that not everyone at the meeting will be supporting the idea.
Petitions are circulating to save the course, where Tiger Woods has appeared for clinics in the past. Longtime LPGA star Cristie Kerr, a Miami native, has voiced opposition to the Melreese plan in recent months, as has fellow Miami native pro Erik Compton.
“Please help protect this beautiful green space, this public golf course and this home to amazing youth programs,” Compton wrote on Twitter .
Beckham's group also wants to bring a massive technology park to the site, as well as an underground parking facility, public soccer fields, 500 new hotel rooms, a conference centre, retail stores, restaurants and more. The Beckham franchise, when it gets going, will also bring a training centre and an academy focused on developing local players to the Miami area.
The stadium-location quest is just the latest drawn-out chapter in Beckham's five-years-and-counting marathon to bring MLS back to Miami. The Miami Fusion played from 1998-2001, folding because of poor attendance.
Beckham and MLS announced in January that the franchise would be coming to Miami, but nearly every detail about the club remains unclear. There's no definitive start date — 2020 has been mentioned repeatedly, even though no new stadium could possibly be ready by then — as well as no team name, no logo, no colours, no coaching staff and no front-office personnel.
More than a year ago, Miami-Dade County commissioners approved a deal to sell Beckham nearly three acres of county land for $9 million with the belief that it would be the last parcel he needed for a stadium site in the city's Overtown neighbourhood. But that site was never the preferred choice for Beckham and his group anyway, with the original hope being to build on the waterfront near the Port of Miami.
The Overtown site now seems all but doomed, though it's unclear what would happen if city commissioners or voters block the latest Beckham plan.
Bayern Munich striker Robert Lewandowski has refused to distance himself from claims he wants to leave the Bundesliga champions
Lewandowski's agent Pini Zahavi told Sport Bild his client is keen to move on after four consecutive top-flight title triumphs at the Allianz Arena.
"Robert feels that he needs a change and a new challenge in his career," said Zahavi, who helped to broker Neymar's world-record move from Barcelona to Paris Saint-Germain last August.
"The leaders of Bavaria know about it."
Addressing a news conference while on duty with the Poland national team, Lewandowski looked to sidestep the issue but confirmed his future remains in Zahavi's hands.
"My agent takes care of these things," he said. "I am focused on the preparations for the World Cup.
"That is the most important thing. I do not think about anything else."
Lewandowski is under contract until 2021 at Bayern and has been heavily linked to Real Madrid this season.
"Throughout the season there were many rumours about him, but we all stayed calm, Lewy as well," said Bayern defender Niklas Sule when he spoke to reporters at Germany's pre-World Cup training base.
"From the outside there is always more talk than there actually is inside the team. He was always motivated and scored 30 goals [29] again this season in the Bundesliga.
"What his agent said or what the situation is with Lewy - only he [Lewandowski] knows best.
"But the club will handle this situation. All I can say is that Robert Lewandowski is highly respected within the team, he is a great guy and he always scores goals for us."
Kidnapping: 600 Policemen, 90 Vehicles To Patrol Abuja–Kaduna Highway
BY ISAIAH BENJAMIN AND RAHILA ABDULLAHI,
The Nigeria Police Force have deployed 600 personnel and 90 vehicles to patrol the Abuja-Kaduna highway as part of concerted efforts to address the continued activities of kidnappers along that route.
Flagging off the operation in Rijana, a settlement on the highway known for kidnapping activities in the state, the Deputy Inspector General of Police in charge of Federal operations, Habila Joshak said the tactical operation, which is a continuation of Operation Maximum Safety launched last year is made up of 500 regular officers and men as well as 100 intelligence officers.
The DIG explained that 60 of the patrol vehicles would be dedicated to patrolling the Kaduna-Abuja highway while the remaining 30 of the vehicles would Patrol the Kaduna-Zaria axis of Abuja-Kaduna-Kano highway.
Addressing officers and men mobilised from different Mobile Police Commands across the country, the Deputy Inspector General of Police in charge of Operations, Habila Joshak enjoined the officers and men of the Force to ensure the highway was made safe for motorists and commuters.
“I want to assure Nigerians that we will not have any situation that will overwhelm us. We will be robust in our actions. We will not only be on the highway but Nigerians will see our actions. We have done it before. There will be no more kidnapping on this road again. We have done it before. We will do it again,” he said.
He further charged the police officers and men not to “allow any hand that is coming to the road with arms with the intention of kidnapping people for ransom reach the trigger. We will match force with force.”
The personnel who were deployed from 11 states command of the ForceN are to be stationed in Rijana, a notorious hub for kidnappers and cattle rustlers.
The mobile policemen were deployed from Kaduna, Abuja, Katsina, Jigawa, Akwanga, Lafiya, Zaria, Minna, Challawa, Rivers, and Makurdi.
It would be recalled that in recent times, over 20 persons, including a member of the House of Representatives, a member of the state house
of assembly, an army officer and four members of the same family were
kidnapped in Kaduna State with the bulk of the incidence taking place
on the Kaduna -Abuja highway.
ENDS
The post Kidnapping: 600 Policemen, 90 Vehicles To Patrol Abuja–Kaduna Highway appeared first on leadership.ng.
This post was syndicated from leadership.ng. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Huawei won't win any points for originality with the look of the P20, but then again, that's never been its thing. The P20 is almost a dead ringer for the iPhone X, from the (slightly smaller) screen notch on the front to the glass backing and positioning of the dual-camera module.
We've seen this phone before. That said, the gradient Pink Gold version is a real dazzler from the back, upping the iPhone X itself in that regard... and the iPhone 8 too.
On the other hand, we've seen some version of the iPhone 8 for four years now. The minimal iPhone aesthetic is still fine, but we were bored of it before the iPhone X released – and now we're extra, totally-done-with-it bored.
The glass backing is a nice improvement over the previous editions, but we expect flagship phones to be a bit more daring in their design moves.
Verdict: Huawei P20
Two Years Of APC: The Challenges, The Progress
Two years after the governing All Progressives Congress (APC) has been in government after upstaging the then ruling Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) from the government at the center and indeed, from most states of the federation, ANDREW ESSIEN writes that the party is between the rock and the hard place
It is no longer news that when the situation demanded, men with common purpose ( to sack the then PDP-led administration) came together to form a united front (APC), in a history-making general elections that saw a sitting President (Dr Goodluck Jonathan) defeated by the candidacy of General Muhammadu Buhari even as Jonathan, in a rear display of sportsmanship, congratulated the winner of Presidential race even before formal announcement of the winner by the nation's elctoral umpire.
Thereafter, the nation witnessed historic transition of government at the center, from the then ruling party in government to the opposition party that were supposed to form government and lead for the next four years; this history was made on 29th May, 2015.
Nigerians home and abroad were full of expectations for the fulfilment of many promises made by APC during 2015 electioneering. The citizens are more enlightened and are ready to engage their leaders by asking questions, when it is necessary to do so even as they expected a robust interplay of deft political calculations given that the opposition party was on the saddle and the new opposition party was once in government.
Two years down the line, the APC may have had more internal problems to deal with than even as it has, at some point, threatened to overheat the polity. This however has not been to the nation's interest even as the party that ought to play the opposition has also had its hands full rather than become a “check” to a government that drove it from power.
APC-PDP's Frosty Relationship
Certainly, it is expected that the two dominant parties will not see eye to eye on almost any issue of national interest especially as regards the way and manner of governance. The past 2 years has seen both parties on each other's throats with each move from the other being suspected even as accusations and counter accusations rain like bombs from both camps.
This beckering has no doubt, beeven the hallmark of both parties on almost every national issue. From accusations to Counter accusations, attacks and counter attacks, wild goose conspiracy theories and the likes, the two parties were at each other's throats as if they wanted to chock the life out of each other.
Understandably so because the PDP was, for 17 years, the ruling party that prophesied its ‘divine mandate' to rule the country for several years. The Umbrella however, caved in to the vicious wind of Change that was blowing across the land, hence, it was just natural for the parties to be at loggerheads with each other.
From the budgets presented in the last two years, to the several elections held within the period under review, from the remote and immediate cause of the country's slip into recession to the handling of the economy, from the administration's fight against corruption to even inter and intra party politics within both parties, APC and PDP has slugged it out on almost everything. As 2019 approaches, they may be more of this mud slinging between them.
The Great Crossovers
The last two years have witnessed the swelling of the “rank and file” for the APC, a massive harvest for the party in terms of some very “big fish” flocking, in their droves to the party as it were. Persons who hitherto had sworn to see the annihilation of the party, had suddenly thought it wise to “abandon ship” hangout with new friends even as they refer to the party as the best place to be. The party in turn, opened its arms to the various brides that were flocking to it. With the most recent being a political colossus in her own right, Senator Florence Ita-Giwa, the list is endless as notable names from the South, North and West continue to come with their supporters, into this embrace of the APC.
This “harvest of souls” as it were, has not escaped the attention of cynics who have alluded that the party may be turning to a “safe haven” for politicians who have skeletons to hide from the antigraft agencies even as analysts are describing it as a “food-is-ready” arrangement for some political gladiators.
To this the national Chairman of the party, Chief John Odigie-Oyegun says: “I know that those who don't wish us well often tend to misinterpret some of these happenings as running away thinking that they would have protection from the EFCC. Of course, I am not aware in your case that anybody is harassing you with the EFCC. In any case, it is obvious and played out today that we do not offer sanctuary to anybody running from the arms of the law. The evidence is all over the place.”
However, with these high profile defections, the party is swelling its defence mechanism ahead of the 2019 election which promises to be very defining for the country even as it redraws the political map of the nation to its advantage.
Crisis Across Apc States
From the South to the North, from the West across the East, the party in the last two years have seven its “brigades” (party structures) across the states, battling with so many issues with political analysts fearing that this crisis, if not checked timely, may significantly weakend the overall fighting power is the party in the fast approaching 2019 general elections and indeed, any other election that may come up in between at state and local government levels.
From faraway Bayelsa to the distant Kano, across to Gombe then Kaduna, Kogi, Benue, Plateau, Adamawa, Yobe and the list goes on, the APC chapters in these states erupted in one form of crisis or the other. The leadership at the center, added to the issues it was dealing with, had to intervene in all these troubled spots but surprisingly went on to win elections conducted in some of these places.
To this end, the leadership of the party has been inaugurating and dispatching teams to these troubled areas with the hopes of keeping the State of the Union strong and stable even though the desires and aspirations of some have nonetheless been threatening the delicate peace path being put in place at every level.
Cash Crunch
One major issue the party has faced over the period is a nosedive in terms of the revenue that has had to come in for the party post elections. Tension and subdued anger has, at some point, played out at the national secretariat even as the current economic crunch takes a toll on the ruling party, no thanks to the policy of government not to fund its activities.
The resultant effect has been in part, officials and staff of the party spending more time in darkness as a result of faulty generator, members of the National Working Committee (NWC) no longer execute projects due to lack of funds, adverts running into millions not being settled, amongst other pressing party issues.
Botched Convention
Within the period under review, the party violated an important provision of its own constitution with regards to holding its national convention to appraise its state of affairs and make necessary adjustments even after it eventually set a date of April 29, 2017. Since the last convention of the party held in October 2014, same should have been convened in 2016.
Article 25 (A)(i) of the APC constitution stipulates that the National Convention of the Party shall be held once in two (2) years at a date, venue and time to be recommended by the National Working Committee and approved by the National Executive Committee subject to the giving of the statutory notices to the Independent National Electoral Commission and at least fourteen (14) days notice given to members eligible to attend.
This is in spite of the constitutional provision, there is also a caveat stating that the National Executive Committee may summon an emergency National Convention at any time provided at least seven (7) days notice of the meeting shall be given to all members eligible to attend.
The post Two Years Of APC: The Challenges, The Progress appeared first on leadership.ng.
This post was syndicated from leadership.ng. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
LEXINGTON, Ky. (AP) - PJ Washington will return to Kentucky after withdrawing from the NBA draft, while his Wildcats teammate Wenyen Gabriel has decided to turn pro.
The Wildcats are still awaiting Jarred Vanderbilt's decision on whether the freshman forward will return to school or remain in the draft.
Washington, who participated in the NBA combine, posted a video on his social media accounts Wednesday that ended with the words "I'M BACK." The 6-foot-7 Dallas native will be the Wildcats' top returning scorer and rebounder next season after averaging 10.8 points and 5.7 rebounds in 37 games as a freshman in 30 starts.
The 6-9 Gabriel was not invited to the combine but said in a video on his Twitter account that after receiving positive feedback, his dreams of being a professional "are that much closer to reality." He averaged 6.8 points and 5.4 rebounds last season.
For more AP college basketball coverage: http://collegebasketball.ap.org and http://twitter.com/AP_Top25
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
21:48 Reported News Briefs Kislev 28, 5778 , 16/12/17 Kislev 28, 5778 , 16/12/17 Arabs riot near Joseph's Tomb Read more Arabs call for the destruction of Joseph's Tomb, Samaria Regional Council Head Dagan demands IDF protect the site. ► ◄ Other archived news briefs:Dec 16 2017, 09:48 PM, 12/16/2017
While Kennedy had the most eventful summer of the bunch, Salt's mostly involved relaxation.
Click play above to hear the last one of our summer reviews and find out how Salt spent his summer!
Join the conversation! Share your opinion on this story with Karson & Kennedy on Facebook, Twitter & Instagram.
Do you want some good news? Researchers may have found a drug-free way to help keep brains healthy and free from Alzheimer's disease, the most common cause of dementia. Do you want some even better news? It involves playing video games — and, potentially, one classic Nintendo 64 game more than others.
In a new study carried out by researchers from the University of Montreal, scientists examined the link between 3D-platform games and growth in different brains areas among older people. They were particularly interested in the gray matter in a part of the brain called the hippocampus, since this is used for memory building. The loss of gray matter in the hippocampus is associated with neurological diseases, such as Alzheimer's.
The researchers gathered a group of 33 people between the ages of 55 and 75. These participants were divided into three groups; one which did nothing, one which learned to play piano on a computer, and one tasked with working through the classic N64 launch title Super Mario 64 for 30 minutes per day over six months. All 33 members of the group had brain scans before and after the half-year study to see how their brain changed during that time. The results showed that the most positive gains were experienced by those who had played Mario 64.
“What we found was that the Super Mario 64 training led to increased gray matter in the hippocampus, along with another structure called the cerebellum, which is important for motor control and balance,” Gregory West, a professor in the department of psychology, told Digital Trends.
The piano-playing group also benefited from their practice, although they didn't experience the same gains of gray matter in the hippocampus.
But does our future brain health rely specifically on playing Mario 64? Yes and no. While it doesn't have to be that game exclusively, the genre of 3D platformers turns out to be more beneficial than, say, first-person shooters — which previous research from the university shows can actually lower gray matter in the hippocampus.
“It has to do with the design of the game and what it asks gamers to do,” West said. “We hypothesize that 3D platformers are good because they ask people to explore a new environment, and to memorize it. When people do that, they form a cognitive map, meaning an internal representation of the environment, which they can then use to navigate. We know from past research involving both humans and rodents that this promotes activity in the hippocampus.”
A paper describing the work was recently published in the journal PLOS One.
Delta doles out N2.1m assistance to flood, thunderstorm victims
ASABA—DELTA State Government have provided relief assistance amounting to N2.1 million to eight victims of the May 30, 2017 Asaba and Ikpanam Road flood and other disasters.
Presenting the relief assistance to victims, Commissioner, Bureau for Special Duties, Mr Ernest Ogwezzy, said that the gesture was not in any way to compensate the victims for loss suffered, adding that it was a way of identifying with them and cushioning the effect on them of the disasters.
He said the state governor, Senator Ifeanyi Okowa had directed that the victims be visited and provided with relief assistance with a view to ameliorating their plight hence the visit.
In her remarks, Director, State Emergency Management Agency, Mrs Gladys Puegreen, expressed optimism that the assistance will go a long way in alleviating the suffering of the victims.
Theresa Iwediunor, a victim of thunderstorm disaster in Igbodo, Ika North East Local Government Area of the state and Mr Matthew Felix, whose laundry shop was gutted by fire in Asaba were amongst beneficiaries of the gesture.
The post Delta doles out N2.1m assistance to flood, thunderstorm victims appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Diego Costa : “I Almost Left Chelsea For Atletico Madrid”
Diego Costa has revealed he was keen to leave Chelsea in the summer and almost completed a return to Atletico Madrid.
Costa says he is happier at Chelsea now and praised manager Antonio Conte for being “someone whose support [the players] can count on in difficult moments.
“Could I have gone in the summer? Yes, yes. I was about to leave,” he said. “I was about to but, well, I'm happy here as well and that's that.”
“Did I want to go? Yes, yes. I had the possibility to go to Atletico, because of a few things, the family, the life I have there but not because of Chelsea, because, here, there's a lot of love with the supporters, with the people, so I'm here very happy, I'm very content.
“People love me a lot. There was one thing I wanted to change for family reasons but, well, it wasn't to be and I continue to be happy here. It was important too that the manager, from the very first minute, said he counted on me.
“The truth is the manager is good with the players, every time making more jokes with the players, and that's good for us, to have a manager who is not just a boss but like a person we can talk with, someone whose support we can count on in difficult moments.
“He is calm with the players and you can see the people love him more all the time.”
Diego Costa has been in excellent form for the Premier League leaders this season, scoring 15 times as the Blues have embarked on a 13-game winning streak.
The post Diego Costa : “I Almost Left Chelsea For Atletico Madrid” appeared first on 360Nobs.com.
This post was syndicated from 360Nobs.com. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The OECD has slammed Israel for not meeting its commitments to advance environmental regulation as it promised after joining the...
Politics of Monday, 14 August 2017
Source: mynewsgh.com
2017-08-14
Stephen Atubiga said the NDC lost the 2016 election as a result of weakness in the party
A staunch member of the opposition National Democratic Party (NDC), Stephen Atubiga has revealed his intention to sacrifice his life for the party if that would enable them to win power come 2020 general elections.
The NDC under the leadership of John Dramani Mahama lost the 2016 general election to the New Patriotic Party (NPP) Nana Addo Dankwah Akuf- Addo which the party is yet to correct its short comings to face their opponents come next election.
But Speaking on Kumasi-based Ash Fm Atubiga said, “in politics, everything is possible; it is a serious business so if NDC is to sacrifice my life to win power, no problem. If it is good for NDC I call for it”.
Mr. Atubiga also affirmed that the NDC lost the 2016 election as a result of weakness in the party including most of the leaders and him.
Adding that, it will serve for the betterment of the party to wake up and strengthen their competition with their rivalry NPP.
He also emphasized that, leaders of the party need to take seriousness in all activities that is aimed at getting political power.
The NDC party is currently in turmoil following attacks and counter attacks in the media involving some leading members with the latest being the banter between former Attorney General, Martin Amidu and former Deputy Chief of Staff , Dr Valerie Sawyer
Getty Image
According to multiple sources in the Japanese government, China and Russia have both sent ships after the USS Carl Vincent and other ships in a strike group, which is on its way to the Korean Peninsula, in order to monitor its movements and serve as a warning signal to the U.S. The move comes amid escalating tensions between the U.S. and North Korea, including yet another (failed) missile test in the region.
It appears that both countries aim to probe the movements of the United States, which is showing a stance of not excluding military action against North Korea. The Self-Defense Forces are strengthening warning and surveillance activities in the waters and airspace around the area, according to the sources. China and Russia, which prioritize stability in the Korean Peninsula, showed concern over the tough U.S. stance, with Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov saying the issue should be resolved peacefully through political and diplomatic efforts.
Vice President Mike Pence, who called the latest missile test a “provocation,” is currently in South Korea to meet with U.S. and South Korean military. Speaking to reporters at the Korean Demilitarized Zone (DMZ), Pence said the “era of strategic patience is over” and reiterated that “all options are on the table” in order to stop North Korea's military expansion and bring stability to the region, a stance that Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has supported.
(Via Salt Lake Tribune & Associated Press)
COLUMBUS, Ind. -- A 7-year-old Columbus girl was treated for the flu and scarlet fever before her death, according to the coroner.
Bartholomew County Coroner Clayton Nolting said Savanna Jessie was found unresponsive in her home Thursday morning and rushed to Columbus Regional Hospital where she was pronounced dead.
Nolting said the child was being treated after testing positive for influenza B, strep throat and scarlet fever.
An autopsy will be performed by a forensic pathologist to determine her exact cause of death.
Nolting says a final ruling on her cause of death is pending review of medical records, toxicology and histology reports and could take up to three weeks.
According to a YouCaring page set up for the family, Savanna leaves behind her father, mother and several siblings.
"Savanna was a beautiful, funny, loving little girl. She had a very wonderful and tight-knit family," page organizer Linda Schadenfroh posted. "She was not the type to complain about the things she didn't have or what others did have. Savanna valued everything she had. She was a fly by the seat of the pants kind of girl. She loved everybody and everybody loved her."
Bartholomew Consolidated School Corporation released a statement Friday afternoon saying a first grader at CSA Lincoln Elementary School had died.
You can read their full statement and information to parents below.
(AP Photo/David J. Phillip). Houston Texans quarterback Tom Savage (3) leaves the game to get checked out during the first half of an NFL football game against the San Francisco 49ers, Sunday, Dec. 10, 2017, in Houston.
(AP Photo/Eric Christian Smith). Houston Texans quarterback Tom Savage (3) is checked by a referee after he was hit during the first half of an NFL football game against the San Francisco 49ers, Sunday, Dec. 10, 2017, in Houston. Savage left the game.
By KRISTIE RIEKEN
AP Sports Writer
HOUSTON (AP) - Texans coach Bill O'Brien says he wouldn't have let Tom Savage re-enter Sunday's game after an alarming hit that gave him a concussion and left the quarterback's hands shaking if he had seen the video of the hit.
Savage was injured with about nine minutes remaining in the second quarter of Houston's 26-16 loss to San Francisco when he was driven to the ground on a hit by Elvis Dumervil.
Replays showed Savage looking dazed after his head hit the ground with both of his arms shaking and lifted upward.
He was taken to the medical tent where he stayed for less than three minutes before returning to the bench and going back in for the next series.
Savage threw two incompletions on that drive, and Houston's team doctor approached him after he returned to the sideline at the end of that possession.
He was then evaluated again and taken to the locker room after it was determined that he did have a concussion.
On Monday O'Brien said: "There's no video on the sideline. All there are are tablets. There's no video, there's nothing like that. With benefit of seeing the video ... (and) the care for the player, I would've never let that player back in the game, and I don't believe that (trainer) Geoff Kaplan would've allowed that player back in the game. I don't have benefit of the video. I did not see anything."
Also on Monday an NFL spokesman said the league is looking into whether concussion protocol was properly followed after Savage was injured.
League spokesman Joe Lockhart said the NFL and the players' association "together will conduct a thorough review of the incident focused on whether the protocol was properly followed, but we're also continuing looking at the protocol to look for ways to improve and strengthen it."
___
AP Pro Football Writer Barry Wilner contributed to this report.
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Sports News of Monday, 14 August 2017
Source: Goal.com
2017-08-14
Emmanuel Agyemang Badu
Ghana midfielder Emmanuel Agyemang-Badu says the Turkish Super Lig is very competitive, two weeks after joining Bursaspor.
The 26-year-old signed a season-long loan deal from Udinese, ending a seven-year stay at the Serie A outfit following his move from Ghanaian club Berekum Arsenal in 2010.
Badu made his debut on Friday when Bursaspor lost 1-0 to Istanbul Basaksehir, who featured former Ghana U20 star Joseph Attamah Laweh and Togo captain Emmanuel Adebayor.
The former Asante Kotoko box-to-box midfielder lasted the entire duration.
“Life is all about challenges and as a man you need to challenge yourself in life. That is why when the Bursaspor offer came, I didn't hesitate to go for it,” Badu told Happy FM.
“I never knew the Turkish Super Lig was very competitive until I arrived here few days ago. There are a lot of quality players coming from several corners in the world and they are playing for different clubs in Turkey. So in terms of quality, I can say it's one of the best in the world,” he added.
Badu was on verge of joining English Championship side Birmingham City but opted for Bursaspor.
By Radio.com Staff
Former castmember Jimmy Fallon hosted Saturday Night Live tonight (April 15), and after appearing in the cold open as Jared Kushner (with Alec Baldwin's Donald Trump), he did his opening monologue which was mostly musical.
Related: Rock and Roll Hall 2017 of Fame Recap: Pearl Jam, Nile Rodgers, Tupac
He was joined by recent Rock and Roll Hall of Fame inductee Nile Rodgers for a full version of David Bowie's classic “Let's Dance” (which Rodgers produced). Fallon was joined by the SNL cast, a troop of backing dancers, and musical guest Harry Styles, for a take on the song. It wasn't funny, but it was pretty amazing, and a nice tribute to the Thin White Duke.
NEW YORK — Harendra Singh was in a losing battle with New York City over millions of dollars in rent on his waterfront restaurant. So, by his own admission, he opened his wallet and bribed his way out of the problem.
He donated thousands of dollars to the mayor's election campaign and, as a result, got a meeting with top city officials in which he hammered out a more favourable lease.
Singh ultimately pleaded guilty to a federal bribery charge. The man he admitted to bribing, Mayor Bill de Blasio, was not prosecuted.
That incongruity dogged de Blasio anew over the past week after Singh's guilty plea, made in secret in 2016, became public for the first time. Reporters peppered the Democrat with questions about how someone could be guilty of giving him a bribe, but him not being guilty of accepting it.
“Everything we did on that matter and everything else we've done in this administration was legal, was appropriate. We hold ourselves to high ethical standards,” the mayor said. “The federal government looked at this exhaustively. I've got nothing else to say about it. We handled things in the appropriate manner.”
The mayor also suggested that Singh pleaded guilty only because he was in trouble for a variety of corrupt acts, many related to his dealings with political figures on Long Island.
“This man did a lot of bad things in a lot of places,” de Blasio told WNYC radio host Brian Lehrer. “This guy, to save his own skin, struck a plea deal with the federal prosecutors. … He agreed to certain charges for his own self-preservation. But I've been 100 per cent consistent. What he said happened did not happen period.”
Legal experts said there are pragmatic reasons prosecutors might go after someone who tried to pay a bribe without charging the person who allegedly received it.
“In practice, the bribe payer is almost always the easy case,” said Kelly Kramer, a Washington lawyer who leads the white collar criminal defence practice at Mayer Brown. “The bribe payer has a very clear motive. Often times, you'll have internal email or text that makes clear what their objective is. The recipient, you tend to have less evidence about their intent. You might have a recording. Lots of other times it's more ambiguous.”
“Bribery is not just about the payment,” he added. “Proving intent is always the trick.”
The former acting U.S. attorney in Manhattan, Joon Kim, announced last March that prosecutors had concluded there wasn't enough evidence to charge de Blasio with a federal crime.
Investigators had examined both the mayor's dealings with Singh and with another businessman, Jona Rechnitz, who admitted buying himself political access with campaign contributions.
Like Singh, Rechnitz pleaded guilty to honest services fraud in a complex case involving a wide array of illegal acts. But one of them, prosecutors said, was buying access to city officials by contributing more than $100,000 to certain political committees. After making the donations, Rechnitz said he got a variety of special favours, including help with a dispute with the city over allegations that an illegal hotel was operating in one of his buildings
De Blasio has also denied that Rechnitz got special treatment and called him a liar.
The Supreme Court made it more difficult to prosecute elected officials in 2016, ruling they had to take an “official act” in exchange for a bribe for it to be illegal. Simply setting up meetings or organizing events for someone wasn't enough.
Failure to prove corrupt intent led to the collapse this week of the federal prosecution of U.S. Sen. Bob Menendez in New Jersey. Prosecutors said they wouldn't retry the Democrat on charges that he traded influence for gifts and campaign contributions from Florida eye doctor after a judge ruled that they had failed to show an explicit quid-pro-quo agreement.
One loud objection over prosecutors' handling of the de Blasio investigation came from lawyers for former Nassau County Executive Edward Mangano, a Republican awaiting trial on charges that he also accepted bribes from Singh.
Mangano's lawyer filed a legal motion Tuesday demanding that the case be thrown out on the grounds that the government had engaged in “selective prosecution.”
“The new revelations in this case demonstrate: (1) that prosecutors in the Eastern District of New York had both ample evidence and authority to charge Mayor de Blasio; and (2) that they nevertheless made a choice not to pursue charges,” attorney Kevin Keating wrote. “To date, no explanation has been forthcoming as to why this decision was made.”
Assistant U.S. Attorney Lara Treinis Gatz said in a court filing Tuesday that the claim of selective prosecution was baseless.
——
Associated Press Writer Larry Neumeister contributed to this report.
To the editor:
We live in a democracy, right? One person, one vote?
Not quite. Ohio sends 16 representatives to the U.S. Congress. Each representative is elected by Ohioans living in one of 12 areas, or districts. But the lines of these districts are drawn in ways that include or keep out certain voters.
The result: each district will always tilt toward one political party, choosing representatives of that party, time after time. As a result, it's harder for a representative to lose a race – and they have less incentive to listen to the people who are in their district.
Ohio redraws district lines every 10 years, and we have a once-in-a-decade chance to draw the districts in a way that lets every vote count, and every voice be heard. There are two very different plans in play.
The Fair Districts Fair Elections plan, led by the League of Women Voters, would be a big step forward for democracy. A bipartisan commission would draw the district lines, and would be required to keep communities together.
The other plan would still result in strangely shaped, tilted districts. The Ohio Statehouse is likely to support this second version – even though most citizens don't.
If you care about democracy, contact your state senator and representative, and tell them to support the Fair Districts Fair Elections plan. Make your vote count!
Maya Fischhoff
Ada
WHITEHORSE — A taxi driver in Whitehorse has been charged with sexual assault and kidnapping over two alleged incidents.
RCMP says both alleged assaults took place on Sept. 29 when the women had separate trips in a taxi.
Police say the first report came from a 30-year-old woman who claimed she was sexually assaulted in a taxi, while a 19-year-old woman said she was driven to a rest stop and sexually assaulted.
Both women said they were approached by the driver who called himself “Jazz” and were offered a ride even though they told him they didn't have the money for a trip.
RCMP say 25-year-old Jaspal Singh Tamber was arrested on Oct. 3 and remains in custody.
Police are asking any other potential victims or witnesses to come contact them.
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) - Two Indiana adults have been arrested for drug possession while trying evading police in Scott County.
On Friday afternoon, two Indiana State Troopers answered a call about a possible stolen vehicle at the Campbell's Motel in Scottsburg, according to Indiana State Police. Troopers were also looking for Devin Coomer, 25, at the motel who had an active arrest warrant.
MORE FROM WAVE3.COM
+ Teen shot, killed in California neighborhood identified
+ Girl, 7, treated for flu and scarlet fever before her death
+ 1 killed in crash on Algonquin Parkway
Troopers tried to talk to Coomer and his alleged girlfriend, MaKallie Quick, 20 but ran from the motel room out of a back window.
After a short chase, Coomer and Quick were captured and charged with cocaine possession, possession of drug paraphernalia, unlawful possession of a syringe and maintaining a common nuisance. Coomer was also charged with an out of county arrest warrant.
Indiana State Police said a syringe, a spoon with burnt white residue and suspected heroin were found in their motel room.
The vehicle was found not to be stolen, both subjects were booked into the Scott County Jail.
Copyright 2018 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
CINCINNATI — The biggest game in UCF's two-year turnaround ended in an unexpected blowout win. The most surprising part? None of the Knights seemed all that surprised.
Two years after they failed to win a game, the Knights (3-0 , 1-0 American Athletic) are back in the Top 25 and off to their best start since 2013. They moved into the rankings at No. 25 after a 38-10 win at Maryland and a 40-13 victory over Memphis , one of the preseason favourites in the AAC.
“They weren't shocked that they did what they did in Maryland,” second-year coach Scott Frost said. “And they weren't shocked by what happened on Saturday. They weren't shocked; they were happy. This team expected to win those games.
“Boy, that's a fast turnaround from where we were to this point, where they expect to beat some really good teams.”
They'll try to keep climbing Saturday night on the road against a team that's really struggling. Cincinnati (2-3, 0-1) is coming off a home loss to Marshall that showed they've got a long way to go under first-year coach Luke Fickell.
“That's the situation we're in now,” Fickell said. “We're trying to find ways to create momentum and generate energy. And right now, it's very difficult on Saturdays.”
A victory over a ranked team would give the Bearcats a starting point. The following week, they play at No. 18 South Florida, getting the conference's two best teams back-to-back. So, there's extra motivation for Cincinnati.
“Success is going to lead to people playing up when they play us,” Frost said, “but we're only three games into this thing right now. We've got to go prove ourselves again.”
A fast start on the road would help, and the Bearcats have shown a propensity for letting opponents take control early. They've been outscored 42-17 in the first quarter, forcing them to play from behind. They turned the ball over on the second play of the game, helping Marshall take control on its way to a 38-21 victory.
“At some point in time, we say: How do we create some positive energy and not always play off the negative energy?”‘ Fickell said. “It's draining. It's some difficult stuff.”
The Knights don't have that problem.
“Everyone is hungry, so every practice we're just full of energy,” running back Adrian Killins Jr. said. “So the next opponent, I feel sorry for them because this team is out for revenge.”
Some things to watch Saturday at Nippert Stadium:
RUNNING AWAY: Killins had an 87-yard touchdown run at Michigan last season. Against Memphis, he broke a 96-yard touchdown run, the longest rush in AAC history. He'll be facing a defence that's had big problems against the run. Navy rushed for 569 yards in a 42-32 win over the Bearcats. Killins and dual-threat quarterback McKenzie Milton will give them another tough challenge. Milton threw for three touchdowns and ran for 88 yards against Memphis as the Knights piled up 603 yards, including 350 rushing.
TAKE IT AWAY: UCF leads the nation in turnover margin at 2.33 per game. The Knights got four turnovers in their opener against FIU, a pair of interceptions at Maryland, and five takeaways against Memphis. The Bearcats are prone to turnovers — they had three against Marshall that set up 21 points, including that turnover on their second play. “We had about everything that could go wrong, go wrong,” Fickell said.
RARE BALANCE: The Knights have outscored opponents 139-40. They rank in the top 10 nationally in both scoring offence and scoring defence. Alabama and Washington are the only other teams in the top 10 in both categories. The Knights have scored at least 38 points each game and given up no more than 17.
——
More AP college football: http://www.collegefootball.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP–Top25.
Last week Justin Timberlake dropped a little clue that he was working on new music, posting a photo on his instagram that showed him in the studio. The caption read “Last week's Bahamas sessions“.
A post shared by Justin Timberlake (@justintimberlake) on Jul 2, 2018 at 7:01am PDT
On Tuesday (just in time for the July 4th holiday in the US) JT dropped the “SoulMate”. The soul-tinged jam has summer nights written all over it.
Retired LMPD Officer Curtis Flaherty is accused of covering up the alleged sexual abuse of minors by the officers he oversaw in the Youth Explorer Program.
Chamberlain, Okowa speak on federation election
A member of the newly elected board of the Nigeria Aquatic Federation, Dunkwu Nnamdi Chamberlain has announced his plan for the development of aquatic sports in his zone.
Speaking with Sports Vanguard soon after his election Tuesday, Chamberlain “who emerged as South East representative on the board said, “my election is a challenge to me and a call to service by my zone and Nigeria in general.”
He promised regular zonal competitions. “To achieve that, we have to redouble our efforts at engaging the corporate community to identify with our programmes. Only that way can we keep our athletes busy reound the clock,” he said.
Similarly, the chairman of the Delta State Sports Commission, Tony Okowa who was also elected into the board of the Weightlifting Federation of Nigeria said his target, as a member of the board is to bring back Nigeria's lost glory in the sport and ensure the sport observe an upward swing in the South South zone.
The post Chamberlain, Okowa speak on federation election appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Retailers are trying to figure out a way to deal with the politically charged Ivanka Trump brand, stamped on everything from shoes to pants to handbags.
Retailers are trying to figure out a way to deal with the politically charged Ivanka Trump brand, stamped on everything from shoes to pants to handbags.
Ivanka Trump has tried to distance herself from the brand that bears her name, to separate business from politics in her new position at the White House.
Ivanka Trump has tried to distance herself from the brand that bears her name, to separate business from politics in her new position at the White House.
(AP Photo/Evan Vucci, File). FILE - In this Monday, Feb. 13, 2017, file photo, Canada's Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and Ivanka Trump, daughter of President Donald Trump, listen during a meeting with women business leaders in the Cabinet Room of the W...
(AP Photo/J. Scott Applewhite, Pool, File). FILE - In this Friday, Jan. 20, 2017, file photo, Ivanka Trump, with her husband Jared Kushner and their children, depart after her father, President Donald Trump, formally signed his cabinet nominations into...
(AP Photo/John Locher, File). FILE - In this Wednesday, Nov. 9, 2016, file photo, President-elect Donald Trump kisses his daughter Ivanka Trump after giving his acceptance speech during his election night rally in New York. As Ivanka Trump builds a new...
By ERIKA KINETZAssociated Press
SHANGHAI (AP) - As Ivanka Trump builds a new political career as an adviser to her father, the commercial engine of her lifestyle brand is going strong. Sales, by some measures, have reached record highs this year.
Trump founded the brand in 2007 and still owns it, but stepped back from management and put its assets in a family-run trust before taking on an official role at the White House. Despite efforts to distance herself from her business to address ethical concerns, Trump remains, for many, the living embodiment of the brand that bears her name.
July 20, 2016: Ivanka Trump forms four new companies in Delaware to handle licensing contracts for baby products and costume jewelry.
July 21, 2016: Donald Trump accepts Republican nomination for president.
July 22, 2016: "Shop Ivanka's look from her #RNC speech," @IvankaTrump tweets, along with a link to her collection's $138 blush sheath dress at Macy's online.
Sept. 29, 2016: Her company announces two new licensing agreements, for affordable fashion jewelry and baby accessories.
Nov. 8, 2016: Donald Trump wins the election. Sales of Ivanka merchandise on Lyst.com, a large e-commerce platform, bump 46 percent higher for the month.
Nov. 13, 2016: Ivanka Trump appears on "60 Minutes" to discuss her father's electoral win. Her jewelry company emails a "style alert" to reporters noting that she wore one of her "favorite" bangles, a $10,800 bracelet from her own collection, on the show. Ensuing criticism prompts the brand to apologize.
Dec. 4, 2016: The New York Times reports that Ivanka Trump sat in on a meeting with her father and the prime minister of Japan, as her company negotiated a licensing deal with a firm the Japanese government owned a large stake in. The deal was put on hold, according to Abigail Klem, who now runs Ivanka Trump's brand.
Dec. 27, 2016: Ivanka Trump Marks LLC applies for five new trademarks covering purses, wallets and other leather goods in Puerto Rico, and clothing, including swimsuits and lingerie in the U.S., public records show.
Jan. 11, 2017: Ivanka Trump announces she will take a "formal leave of absence" from executive positions at the Trump Organization and her lifestyle brand.
Jan. 20, 2017: Donald Trump becomes the 45th president of the United States.
Feb. 8, 2017: Ivanka's company applies for two more clothing trademarks in the Philippines, where it already holds three marks, according to the Intellectual Property Office of the Philippines.
Feb. 9, 2017: Speaking on the morning show "Fox and Friends," White House counselor Kellyanne Conway encourages viewers to, "go buy Ivanka's stuff," boasting about giving the brand "a free commercial." It apparently worked, sparking a 771 percent surge in the brand's sales that month on Lyst.com over Feb. 2016. The White House later "counseled" Conway for inappropriately promoting the brand.
Feb. 13, 2017: Trump meets with Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau at the White House.
Feb. 20, 2017: Ivanka Trump Marks LLC wins preliminary approval for a trademark covering branded leather handbags in China, where the company has 52 pending or registered trademarks listed in the government trademark database.
Feb. 22, 2017: Ivanka Trump Marks LLC applies for another trademark, covering perfume, among other things, in Canada, where it holds 22 pending or registered marks, according to the Canadian Intellectual Property Office.
March 1, 2017: Ivanka Trump Marks LLC applies for another new trademark in the Philippines, covering clothes and shoes.
March 3, 2017: Ivanka Trump is photographed disembarking from Air Force One in a stripe asymmetrical skirt from her own collection, available on Lyst.com for $45.
March 29, 2017: Ivanka Trump joins her father's administration as an unpaid employee.
April 6, 2017: Ivanka Trump and her husband, Jared Kushner, sit next to Chinese President Xi Jinping and his wife, Peng Liyuan, at a state dinner at Mar-a-Lago. That same day, China grants her company preliminary approval for three trademarks that confer monopoly rights to sell Ivanka brand jewelry, bags and spa services in the world's second-largest economy.
__
Associated Press researcher Fu Ting in Shanghai and reporters Anne D'Innocenzio in New York, Teresa Cerojano in Manila and Danica Coto in San Juan, Puerto Rico, contributed to this report.
___
Follow Kinetz on Twitter at twitter.com/ekinetz
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Apple HomePod manufacturer Inventec Appliances has warned that the device will be in limited supply when it makes its debut this December. Analysts expect the company to ship just 500,000 units by the end of 2017, but supplies are anticipated to improve in 2018 when Foxconn will help with manufacturing duties. HomePod got its big []
(via Cult of Mac - Tech and culture through an Apple lens)
How does the show work? Who's hosting? And who on earth are The 100? Here's your guide to the BBC's latest singing competition
If you've watched BBC1 over the past few days, you've probably run into an advert where former Spice Girl Geri Horner joins a mysterious singing mob before she and ‘The 100' fill out a Blankety Blank-style set hosted by Rob Beckett.
Advertisement
And this trailer might leave you with a tiny nagging question: what on earth is All Together Now? We've got your answer to that – plus everything else you need to know – below.
When will All Together Now be on TV?
The show continues 7.15pm, Saturday 3rd February, BBC1.
So, what actually is All Together Now?
It's the BBC's latest entertainment singing competition show – a contest that the BBC is hoping can compete with the likes of The Voice, which moved over to ITV in 2015.
As a newbie on the block, All Together Now has a rather short run compared to its rivals. While last year's X Factor ran for 28 episodes and The Voice for 16, All Together Now only consists of six episodes. We'll leave it up to you whether that's a good thing or not.
How will the show actually work? And who are The 100?
Basically, each episode will see a few singers and groups step up to the Together Now stage where they'll be hoping to blow away ‘The 100'.
This group includes the likes of captain Geri Horner, West End veterans, a Brit School teacher, a cabaret host, a drag queen, a rapper and a former Britain's Got Talent contestant. And they're all really enthusiastic about everything – they're the sort of people who would be first to pull out some shapes on the dance floor, regardless of whether any music is playing or not. Imagine 100 Louis Spences and you've basically got the idea.
Anyway, if any of these 100 judges are suitably impressed, they press their buzzer, stand up and start singing along. Then, after the performance, the contestant gets a score out of 100 that equals how many judges gave them the nod. And whichever two singers achieve the highest score in their heat go through to the grand final.
So, if a singer lets out a belting tune and 92 of the 100 stand up then that singer has achieved a score of 92. Just think of it as a reverse Take Me Out crossed with a swivel-chair-less version of The Voice. And then crossed with The Muppet Show…
Just seen a trail on BBC1 for something called #AllTogetherNow. Strangely, it gave me that feeling of Deja vu. 🤪 pic.twitter.com/7wS97LImSm — Glen Hunt (@RadioGlen) January 13, 2018
So Geri Horner isn't hosting?
Nope, the former Spice Girl is a member of the 100. She'll have plenty to do, but it'll be down to Rob Beckett to actually present the show.
Sorry, did you say Rob Beckett was hosting? Taskmaster champion and the guy from Mock The Week?
Yup, the stand-up comedian is expanding his presenting portfolio – you might have already seen the former I'm a Celebrity…Get Me Out of Here! NOW! host co-presenting BBC1's Wedding Day Winners with Lorraine Kelly.
On All Together Now it's Beckett's job to chat and banter with the 100 after the contestants' performances. And this means he has to climb a lot of stairs due to the show's massive multi-levelled set.
And remind me again, who's Geri Horner?
Being the hardcore Spice Girls fan you are, you'll definitely know Geri as Ginger Spice or by her maiden name, Geri Halliwell. She was part of the best-selling girl group of all time from 1994 to 1998, where she has sung in hits like Wannabe and Say You'll Be There.
After the group broke up Geri went solo, which is when you probably heard her superhit cover of It's Raining Men.
Horner has previously appeared on the judging panels of Australia's Got Talent and The X Factor, where she appeared as a guest judge in 2010 and 2012.
Do the public get a vote on All Together Now?
Nope – it's all down to scores from the 100. In fact, the final of the show was filmed late last year.
What does the winner get?
Rather than a record contract, the winner will receive £50,000.
Advertisement
How was the Together Now set built? Do you have a timelapse video of it?
A strangely specific question there, but – amazingly – turns out we do. Enjoy!
Miami Dolphins owner Stephen Ross is 77 and wants to win now.
Executive vice-president of football operations Mike Tannenbaum and general manager Chris Grier, mindful that last season's 6-10 record didn't help their job security, also want to win now.
Coach Adam Gase, however, wants to draft a quarterback to groom as an eventual successor to Ryan Tannehill.
The tension between seeking an immediate draft dividend and investing for the long term is at the core of the Dolphins' decision with the 11th overall pick.
The choice may show how much power Gase wields, but even if the other leaders in the organization yield to his preference, it's uncertain which quarterback will land in Miami.
“Until you're just a couple of picks away, we're really not sure how it's going to unfold,” Tannenbaum said.
Bad draft decisions are a big reason the Dolphins haven't won a playoff game since 2000, eight years before Ross became majority owner. They hope to fare better in the upcoming draft, and here are things to know as the Dolphins wrestle with a multitude of options and needs:
A QUARTERBACK?
The Dolphins have devoted a first-round pick to a quarterback once since 1984, and that was Tannehill in 2012. He has undergone two major operations on his left knee in the past 18 months and missed all of last season, but Gase says he'll be the starter this upcoming season.
The draft is deep in QBs, however, and Gase wants one. Sam Darnold, Josh Rosen, Josh Allen and Baker Mayfield will likely be gone by the 11th pick, and while the Dolphins could trade up, they're reluctant to give away multiple lower picks when they have glaring needs at numerous other positions.
“You can always make a deal to move up,” Grier said. “It's just always dependent on how much you want to give up. We're not going to reach or overextend for something.”
If one of the top four quarterbacks slides to 11th, the Dolphins will probably pounce. Or they might opt for Louisville quarterback Lamar Jackson.
Miami could wait until a later round to take a QB, and Luke Falk of Washington State might then be the choice.
DEFENSIVE HELP
The 2017 Dolphins allowed 24.6 points to rank fourth-worst in the NFL, and then released their best defensive player, five-time Pro Bowl tackle Ndamukong Suh.
That means defensive co-ordinator Matt Burke will be lobbying hard in the draft room for help. It could come in the first round from Georgia linebacker Roquan Smith, Virginia Tech linebacker Tremaine Edmunds or Washington defensive tackle Vita Vea.
OFFENSIVE HOLES
Last season's Dolphins averaged 17.6 points to rank fifth-worst, and then parted with receiver Jarvis Landry and centre Mike Pouncey, each a three-time Pro Bowler. Miami shored up those positions in free agency, but needs a starting tight end and help at guard and running back, and will try to address those needs in the middle rounds.
ANNOUNCING SELECTIONS
Eighteen seniors from Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School and the family of assistant football coach Aaron Feis will announce the Dolphins' picks from the team complex on the third day of the draft. Feis was among 17 people killed in the shooting at the school in February.
HITS, MISSES AND BARGAINS
This is the third draft together for Tannenbaum, Grier and Gase, and the biggest bust in recent years precedes them. It was defensive end Dion Jordan, the No. 3 overall pick in 2013. Violations of the league's substance abuse policy limited him to one start and three sacks in Miami before he was released a year ago. He has since revived his career with the Seattle Seahawks.
Subsequent first-round picks Ja'Wuan James, DeVante Parker, Laremy Tunsil and Charles Harris have combined for zero Pro Bowl appearances.
Miami hit on a second-round pick in 2014 with Landry, but traded him this off-season. Running back Jay Ajayi became a bargain as a fifth-round choice in 2015, but he was also traded. Rookies contributed little last season, and the draft grade for that class is incomplete.
——
More AP NFL: http://pro32.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP–NFL
——
Follow Steven Wine on Twitter: http://twitter.com/Steve–Wine .
Dr Kwabena Frimpong Boateng, renowned heart surgeon
President-elect Nana Akufo-Addo has dropped hints he will appoint renowned heart surgeon Dr Kwabena Frimpong Boateng as Environment, Science and Technology minister when he assumes power next week, Saturday January 7.
Nana Addo also suggested Dome-Kwabenya MP Adwoa Sarfo will also have a place in his yet to be announced government.
The President-elect made drooped the hints when he spoke at the 36th Annual Technology Exhibition of Kristo Asafo in Accra.
The incoming NPP administration led by Akufo-Addo will be sworn into office on January 7.
Akufo-Addo and the NPP beat President John Mahama and the NDC by some 1.5 million votes in the December 7, 2016 polls.
The opposition party also took over parliament in the elections that shook the umbrella family.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
ORLANDO, Fla. — If the Washington Wizards are missing All-Star point guard John Wall, they certainly aren't showing it.
Washington won its fourth straight game while Wall is sidelined because of a knee injury, pounding the Orlando Magic 115-98 on Saturday night.
Tomas Satoransky, who replaced Wall in the starting lineup, had a career-high 19 points, six assists and wasn't needed in the fourth quarter after helping the Wizards blow open the game in the third.
Otto Porter led Washington with 20 points. Bradley Beal, who also sat out the final period, had 18 points, eight assists and eight rebounds. Marcin Gortat contributed 10 points and 11 rebounds, and Markieff Morris had 16 points as all five starters hit double figures.
“With John being out, it's even more of a challenge for us, but we accept it head on,” Beal said. “We weren't playing our style of basketball early in the season and over the course of the last four games, we've figured it out. We're moving the ball and playing really well.”
Washington had 35 assists in the game, while shooting 54.1 per cent from the field. The Wizards used a 10-0 run the final four minutes of the first half and an 18-5 run in the middle of the third quarter to open a 23-point lead.
Many of Washington's baskets were layups after thread-the-needle passes in traffic or wide open 3-pointers when Orlando's defence collapsed inside.
“Maybe teams are underestimating us,” Gortat said. “Maybe they think because we don't have John, we're going to come in and lay down, but we're not. We're fighting. We have smart guys, who are playing hard for each other and it's working.”
Orlando was coming off one of its best performances of the season, a 127-105 rout of the Los Angeles Lakers. The Magic haven't won two straight since Nov. 10 and didn't look all that interested in changing that against the Wizards.
After Washington's third-quarter burst put Orlando in a 23-point hole, the Magic couldn't get the lead under 17 the rest of the game.
Jonathon Simmons and Mario Hezonja led Orlando with 15 points apiece. The Magic had seven players in double figures, including 14 from Elfrid Payton, but never seriously challenged the Wizards in the second half.
“We just got our butts kicked for four quarters,” Magic coach Frank Vogel said. “We had a poor defensive effort throughout. First unit, second unit, we just didn't have the necessary energy to compete and get a win.”
TIP INS
Wizards: The Wizards are 14-5 when Beal has five or more assists. … Washington is shooting 89.3 per cent (92 of 103) from the free throw line in the last five games. … The Wizards closed out the first half with a 10-0 run that gave them a 56-47 lead.
Magic: PF Aaron Gordon, team's leading scorer, thought he would return from a strained hip flexor, but couldn't make it through Friday's practice and missed his third straight game. . Marreesse Speights replaced Gordon in the starting lineup and had 10 points and two rebounds. . Hezonja is 10 of 14 (71.4 per cent) on 3-pointers in his last three games.
UP NEXT
Wizards: Play at Indiana Monday night.
Magic: Visit Miami on Monday night.
BRADENTON, Fla. — Officials say the remains of two dogs awaiting cremation were stolen along with a freezer from a veterinarian's office in Florida.
According to a Bradenton Herald report , video surveillance showed a man driving away from the Bradenton Veterinary Hospital last week with its outdoor freezer in the back of his pickup truck.
Office manager Kathy Richardson said she hoped the remains of two dogs awaiting cremation in that freezer would be returned. Staff searched garbage cans and dumpsters in the area, but they did not find the carcasses.
Richardson said the dogs' owners were distraught to learn that the remains of their pets had been stolen.
Police are investigating the theft.
Richardson said the office had kept the freezer outside for the last three years.
——
Information from: The Bradenton (Fla.) Herald , http://www.bradenton.com
WASHINGTON — Last year's global weather was far more extreme or record breaking than anything approaching normal, according to a new report.
The U.S. National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration on Thursday released its annual checkup of the Earth, highlighting numerous records including the hottest year, the highest sea level, and lowest sea ice in the Arctic and Antarctica.
The 299-page report, written by scientists around the world and published in the Bulletin of the American Meteorological Society, shows that 2016 was "very extreme and it is a cause for concern," said co-editor Jessica Blunden, a NOAA climate scientist.
Researchers called it a clear signal of human-caused climate change. A record large El Nino, the warming of the central Pacific that changes weather worldwide, was also a big factor in last year's wild weather.
"2016 will be forever etched in my brain as the year we crossed a new threshold of climate change — one that gave us a grim glimpse into our future," said Georgia Tech climate scientist Kim Cobb, who had no role in the report.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Humans Are Responsible for Climate Change, Report Says 1:37 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Scientists examined dozens of key climate measures and found:
— At any given time, nearly one-eighth of the world's land mass was in severe drought. That's far higher than normal and "one of the worst years for drought," said report co-author Robert Dunn of the United Kingdom Met Office.
— Extreme weather was everywhere. Giant downpours were up. Heat waves struck all over the globe, including a nasty one in India. Extreme weather contributed to a gigantic wildfire in Canada.
— Global sea level rose another quarter of an inch (3.4 millimeters) for the sixth straight year of record high sea levels.
— There were 93 tropical cyclones across the globe, 13 percent more than normal. That included Hurricane Matthew that killed about 1,000 people in Haiti.
— The world's glaciers shrank — for the 37th year in a row — by an average of about 3 feet (1 meter).
— Greenland's ice sheet in 2016 lost 341 billion tons of ice (310 billion metric tons). It has lost 4400 billion tons (4000 billion metric tons) of ice since 2002.
"2016 was a year in the Arctic like we've never seen before," said NOAA Arctic research chief Jeremy Mathis, who called it "a clear and more pronounced signal of warming than in any other year on record."
Many of the findings have been previously released, including that 2016 was the hottest year on record for the third consecutive year. A separate study based on modeling and weather patterns shows three hot years in a row is close to impossible to be a natural coincidence.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed JULY 12: Delaware-Sized Iceberg Snaps off Antarctica 1:08 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The odds of three years in a row setting heat records without man-made global warming is only 0.7 percent, compared to 30 to 50 percent with greenhouse gases according to a separate study published Thursday in the Geophysical Research Letters.
NOAA report co-editor Deke Arndt said the only notable normal global measure in 2016 was snow cover in the Northern Hemisphere.
WEST LIBERTY, Ohio (AP) — A 16-year-old victim of an Ohio school shooting has returned to class less than a month after he was critically wounded.
Julie Cole is the mother of victim Logan Cole. She says on her Facebook page that she dropped her son off at school Monday. She also praised her son as the “bravest kid” she knows.
Logan Cole was hospitalized in Columbus with injuries from the shooting that required surgery.
Authorities say 17-year-old Ely Serna fired a 12-gauge shotgun in the Jan. 20 attack at a high school in West Liberty. Serna is charged in juvenile court with attempted murder, felonious assault and other offenses. He has denied the charges.
A Champaign County judge this month ordered a competency evaluation of Serna at the request of his attorney.
Tweets and Photos: Liverpool players react to beating West Brom
Liverpool secured a narrow 0-1 win over West Bromwich Albion on Easter Sunday to rise up to third in the Premier League table.
The Reds were clearly delighted with their efforts, as the dressing room photo shared on Twitter by left-back Alberto Moreno shows.
Several of his team-mates also posted to their social media accounts to react to having picked up all three points at the Hawthorns.
Here's what Liverpool's players had to say about the game.
@leivalucas @phil.coutinho Aê Yuri cê Acredita ‍♂️ #bigwin #lads ‍♂️ A post shared by ROBERTOFIRMINO (@roberto_firmino) on Apr 16, 2017 at 8:01am PDT
Chilling with @GWijnaldum after our crucial win 3 points and back up to 3rd! #LFC #YNWA pic.twitter.com/IGaCDl2wEq — Divock Origi #27 (@DivockOrigi) April 16, 2017
3 points and a CLEAN SHEET !!! #YNWA pic.twitter.com/ntSQ9p6ueM — Nathaniel Clyne (@Nathaniel_Clyne) April 16, 2017
Great win and performance by the whole squad. Finally a clean sheet also at a tough place! Happy Easter everyone! ⚽#YNWA #LFC #JFT96 pic.twitter.com/DLKzhICCkP — Simon Mignolet (@SMignolet) April 16, 2017
Another very important three points on a difficult ground! Good effort lads #WBALFC #YNWA @lfc — Loris Karius (@LorisKarius) April 16, 2017
Paramount Pictures
Robert Pope is not Forrest Gump. He's not from Greenbow, Alabama (mostly because it doesn't actually exist), he didn't play college football for Alabama, he didn't (unintentionally) start the Watergate scandal, and he definitely didn't invent the smiley face. But, he is like the fictional character from the 1994 film (and book) of the same name, is a “running fool.”
For months, the man's been reenacting the famous scene where Gump runs across America because he, “just felt like running.”
Pope “must have drank about fifteen Dr. Peppers” while he was thinking this up because the 38 year-old from Liverpool, England-born has spent the last seven months running across the United States from coast to coast. Himself, a fan of the Academy Award-winning film, Pope has already traversed over 5,400 miles.
He's calling the run, “Going The Distance” and it began back on September 15th in Mobile, Alabama. Within the first 72 days, Pope had already jogged to California before turning around at the Santa Monica Pier (just like in the movie). After that, he made stops in Nevada, New Mexico, Texas, Tennessee, and Washington D.C. while running up to 50 miles every day.
When he began his journey, he was clean-shaven and had just gotten a close-crop haircut resembling Tom Hanks' character's iconic look. All you need to do is take a look at his Instagram and you'll see the transformation (just like Gump himself) Pope has made in the seven month's since his journey began. After those many months of jogging, he now has long, curly hair and an epic beard even Lieutenant Dan would admire.
KFC
They've brought you limited edition sunscreen, nail polish, and Japanese bath bombs, but now KFC is poised to supply you and everyone you love the perfect winter holiday. We are talking apparel, home accessories, and even wrapping paper. It's a shame that they aren't selling trees as well, but as they would likely be chicken scented or something, maybe it really isn't.
“Our finger lickin' faithful deserve to celebrate the holidays by giving and receiving some fried chicken essentials,” said George Felix, director of advertising, KFC U.S. “You'll spend less time shopping, leaving you more time to enjoy a $20 Fill Up with your family this holiday season.”
This is the second round of limited edition swag from the fried chicken masters via KFC Ltd., and the first time the brand has undergone a complete refresh since it was launched. The previous collection was solidly normcore and aimed to fill a void in the fried chicken merch market with items like decorative chicken socks and a yellow sweatshirt emblazoned with “Fried Chicken USA.” With this new round of accessories, apparel, and prints, things definitely feel wintery and vintage-inspired.
KFC
There are sheets of stickers that feature KFC menu items with little happy faces. They're like Shopkins, but not for four-year-old girls. Our own Zach Johnston is down for the white mug with “morning gravy” written on it. If anyone is still going with the baller move of carrying a money clip, KFC would like you to upgrade to one with the Colonel's face on it; plus, it has “Legal Tenders” engraved on the back. Forget Christmas sweaters and stick with a red, long-sleeved tee with Colonel Sander's face adorned with a Santa hat front and center. And, the snapback cap with “fried chicken” written in Japanese is actually really cool.
KFC
Other new items include decorative pillows with a pattern of fried chicken wings and drums, a red tee with “it's finger lickin' good” on it, enamel pins with an 8-bit aesthetic, and photographic prints featuring the OG Colonel Sanders. Forget the imposters of late, this is the originator of the eleven secret herbs and spices doing things like frying chicken and riding a tractor.
KFC
As with all the items sold on KFC Ltd., once these items sell out they are gone for good, so it's best to snap up what you want. You don't want to spend your whole life pining over a missed connection with drumstick wrapping paper. You will end up wearing your pajamas for the rest of your life, hiding in your dusty mansion, and torturing a little poor boy from the village by tempting him with drumsticks.
If you want to receive your items by Christmas and live in the continental US, the last day to order is December 15. Otherwise, order whenever and tell people the prezzies are worth the wait.
(AP Photo/Eric Gay). Memphis Grizzlies head coach David Fizdale signals to his players during the first half in Game 2 of a first-round NBA basketball playoff series against the San Antonio Spurs, Monday, April 17, 2017, in San Antonio.
(AP Photo/Eric Gay). Memphis Grizzlies head coach David Fizdale, left, and assistant J.B. Bickerstaff, right, argue a call during the second half in Game 2 of a first-round NBA basketball playoff series against the San Antonio Spurs, Monday, April 17, ...
By RAUL DOMINGUEZAssociated Press
SAN ANTONIO (AP) - Memphis coach David Fizdale blasted the officiating in Game 2 of the Grizzlies' first-round series against the Spurs, deeming it "unprofessional" and "unacceptable" before slamming his fist on a table and storming off.
San Antonio held off a late rally to beat Memphis 96-82 on Monday night to take a 2-0 lead in their first-round matchup.
Fizdale said the veteran crew of Danny Crawford, Rodney Mott and Bill Spooner "did not even give us a chance" to even the series. After initially saying he needed to "have a glass of wine on the plane" to analyze what happened, Fizdale unleashed a nearly two-minute tirade during a postgame interview that grew increasingly louder.
"It was a very poorly officiated basketball game," Fizdale said. "Zach Randolph, the most rugged guy in the game, has zero free throws, but somehow Kawhi Leonard had 19 free throws?"
Leonard had a postseason career-high 37 points and made all 19 free-throw attempts. The Grizzlies took 15 free throws as a team against San Antonio's 32 even though Memphis attempted 35 shots in the paint, 17 more than the Spurs.
"I'm not a numbers guy, but that doesn't seem to add up," Fizdale said.
Adding to Fizdale's consternation was the fact that Memphis rallied from a 26-point deficit in the second half and had an opportunity to win after a 29-point blowout in Game 1.
The Grizzlies closed within 75-71 early in the fourth quarter, but San Antonio responded with 3-pointers by Tony Parker and Pau Gasol in rebuilding their double-digit lead.
Leonard shot all four of the Spurs free throws in the final quarter while the Grizzlies were limited to one on a three-point play by Marc Gasol.
"I felt like I got fouled the times that I went to the line," Leonard said. "Memphis is a physical team throwing a lot of bodies at me. I guess I did something and the refs were paying attention and I was able to get to the line."
The trio of Crawford, Spooner and Mott have officiated more than 400 playoff games over careers that span more than two decades for each, but Fizdale was irate with their performance.
Fizdale wasn't sure if his status as a first-year coach or his team's decorum had anything to do with the lopsided numbers, but he wasn't happy with the result.
"Kawhi shot more free throws than our whole team, explain it to me," Fizdale said. "We don't get the respect that these guys deserve because Mike Conley doesn't go crazy, he has class and he just plays the game. But I'm not going to let them treat us that way. I know (San Antonio coach Gregg Popovich has) got pedigree and I'm a young rookie, but they are not going to rook us.
"That's unacceptable, that was unprofessional. My guys dug in that game and earned the right to be in that game and they did not even give us a chance."
Game 3 is Thursday night in Memphis.
___
More AP basketball: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Billionaire kidnapper, Evans must be well protected – Femi Falana tells IGP, Idris
Human right lawyer, Femi Falana, has called on the Inspector General of Police, Ibrahim Idris to ensure that arrested kidnap kingpin, Chukwudi Onwuamadike also known as Evans is well protected in custody. In a statement he signed, the activist lawyer said Evans should be adequately protected so he can face justice squarely. Falana commended the […]
Billionaire kidnapper, Evans must be well protected – Femi Falana tells IGP, Idris
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The Silver Ferns face yet another set-back with Temalisi Fakahokotau the latest player to hit the injury list. Head Coach Janine Southby says it's never an ideal situation but she has faith in players like Michaela Sokolich-Beatson to step up.
Fakahokotau sprained her ankle during a training session.
Southby says, "It's never ideal, we know about them and at this stage we can make adjustments to them".
Fakahokotau sprained her ankle and underwent a medical assessment today with the extent of injury yet unknown.
This recent injury has made Southby rethink her combination strategy.
"During all of our practice games and everything that we have been building up in we do put all of the players through combination. While some do get more time, others definitely get time out there," says Southby.
Shooter Maia Wilson and Claire Kersten were recently called into Silver Ferns squad as Kayla Cullen was ruled out with a knee injury.
Southby says, "I'm just waiting on medical staff. We are giving everyone the opportunity to get themselves right and Kayla has been working hard to get to that place".
Southby adds that uncapped player Michaela Sokolich-Beatson may be seeing her debut sooner than expected.
"And we know when we go to Commonwealth Games you can't bring other players in, you have to deal with what you have got".
Cullen has got another fitness test this week, the results will determine her Commonwealth chances in April.
With today's announcement of the Cisco Enterprise Agreement (EA) we're changing the way our customers purchase, deploy and adopt Cisco technology. This is another big step forward as we continue to evolve our software business strategy to make it simpler, easier and more rewarding for customers take advantage of Cisco software as they undergo the transformation to digital business.
The Cisco EA is a single, simple agreement that lets our customers easily consume the products and services they need today, in areas like collaboration, infrastructure and security, and to scale and add additional capabilities as they grow – simply and without penalty. The Cisco EA simplifies access to the latest Cisco products and services, and gives customers the ability to deploy and use products and services on their budget and schedule.
We're always looking at ways to make it easier for customers to get the most value out of their Cisco software today and as they grow. Two years ago, we introduced Cisco ONE Software, a simple, flexible, more valuable way for customers to consume infrastructure software delivered through suites. Since then, more than 18,000 customers – including 98 of the Fortune 100 – have realized the benefits of Cisco ONE. 39% of Cisco ONE customer have already adopted new capabilities included in the suites, with another 50% planning to use new capabilities over time.
Read the entire article here, Key to Cisco's Evolving Software Business Strategy
via the fine folks at Cisco Systems.
An Ohio man says he was trying to set a good example for his children when he turned in $14,000 he found on the side of the road.
WBNS-TV reports (http://bit.ly/2oGSCeU ) Jake Bowers found the money April 8 as he drove his family to a park in Worthington, a Columbus suburb.
Bowers said when he initially saw the bag on the roadside, he thought it might contain someone's laptop. Instead, it was filled with $100 bills.
Bowers took the bag to the Worthington police station, and it was returned to its owner.
A police report says the owner had taken the cash to a car dealer but left without buying a vehicle. He told police he must have left it on top of his car and driven off.
Why it matters to you With names like these involved, Aston Martin's AM-RB 001 supercars could be a world beater.
Aston Martin's upcoming AM-RB 001 supercars will be a team effort.
The project started as a collaboration between Aston and the Red Bull Racing Formula One team (the “RB” in “AM-RB 001”), but the partners are bringing in some other impressive names from the world of motor sports to make the new supercar a reality.
Aston now says the AM-RB 001's V12 engine will displace 6.5 liters, and will be built by noted racing-engine maker Cosworth. The British firm has built a number of winning race engines, most notably the Ford-based DFV V8 that powered a generation of F1 cars. The V12 will be mated to a seven-speed paddle-shifted transmission developed by Ricardo, another racing firm, with input from Red Bull.
More: McLaren's next Super Series will have an all-new V8 engine
In addition to the V12 and seven-speed gearbox, Aston commissioned a “lightweight hybrid battery system” from Croatian firm Rimac, indicating the AM-RB 001 will in fact be powered by both gasoline and electricity. Rimac is best known for its electric supercar, the Concept One, which boasts a claimed 1,088 horsepower. Other electronics, including driver aids like traction control and stability control, will be supplied by Bosch.
Finally, Multimatic will construct the AM-RB 001's carbon-fiber chassis. This company worked on Aston's previous limited-edition supercars, the One-77 and the Vulcan. It also builds the Ford GT under contract with the Dearborn, Michigan, automaker, and helps run the racing program for that car. Aston claims the AM-RB 001 will have a power-to-weight ratio of 1:1, meaning it will have one horsepower for every kilogram of weight. The only other car to achieve that so far is the 1,341-hp Koenigsegg One:1.
Aston only plans to make 150 road-going versions of the AM-RB 001, including all prototypes. It will also build 25 track-only versions, for a grand total of 175. The price tag for each car is expected to be somewhere near $3 million but, given the potential performance on tap, Aston probably won't have trouble selling them all. Deliveries will begin in 2019.
CAIRO — When the sole candidate running against Egyptian President Abdel-Fattah el-Sissi held a rally in downtown Cairo recently, all of 30 people showed up. And that wasn't even the biggest sign of the hollowness of his campaign.
Even more telling was one of the chants by the supporters of Moussa Mustafa Moussa, a virtually unknown politician who surfaced just so el-Sissi wouldn't run alone. It was hardly a resolute victory cry.
“Whether Moussa wins or el-Sissi wins, either is our president!” they shouted.
There is no question the general-turned-president el-Sissi will win a second four-year term. But the March 26-28 election will likely be remembered as the event that signalled Egypt's break with the little pretense it had left of democratic rule, seven years after a popular uprising toppled autocrat Hosni Mubarak in the name of democracy.
The election was preceded by a purge of would-be opposing candidates, unprecedented even under Mubarak's nearly 30-year rule. Authorities also clamped down on the media, even egging the public to report anyone they feel is depicting Egypt in a bad light.
The question raised by many observers is why such extreme measures were taken to ensure a vote el-Sissi would probably win anyway.
El-Sissi seems convinced a genuinely contested election could destabilize the country, allow Islamists a back door into politics or interfere with his drive to revive the battered economy.
El-Sissi was first elected in a 2014 landslide after, as army chief, he led the military's ouster of Islamist President Mohammed Morsi. He kept much of that popularity while ferociously cracking down on Islamists and secular dissenters.
He has insisted stability must take priority over freedoms as he carried out large-scale infrastructure projects and painful austerity reforms. With those reforms, el-Sissi has succeeded in bringing some life back to the economy, though at the cost of inflation. El-Sissi has also made a name for himself on the international stage as a champion against Islamic militancy.
After the election, el-Sissi and his supporters will very likely attempt to get rid of the constitution's two term limit on the presidency, said Paul Salem, a senior Middle East expert from the Washington-based Middle East Institute.
“It might be the view of el-Sissi and his administration that this is needed for stability for economic and security reasons,” Salem told The Associated Press. “My own personal view is that this buys stability for the short term but makes any transfer of power which has to happen sooner or later much more difficult.”
El-Sissi hasn't bothered to campaign in person. Instead, the streets of Cairo and other cities have been swamped in a tidal wave of billboards, banners and posters with his image declaring: “He is the hope.”
A decent turnout is the one thing left to give the election a measure of respectability. El-Sissi's supporters have organized rallies urging the public to vote. Pro-government media proclaim that voting is a religious duty and failing to do so is “high treason.” Moussa's supporters chanted at his rally that would-be boycotters are traitors and cowards.
Imad Hussein, the pro-el-Sissi editor of Al-Shorouk newspaper, criticized the handling of the election, not because the field was engineered but because it wasn't done smoothly.
“We, of course, hoped to have a genuinely contested election,” he wrote last month. “But since we don't have that, the government was supposed to at least prepare the stage to make it look democratic.”
The methodical elimination of opponents suggested el-Sissi felt a vulnerability, particularly to a candidate rooted in the military who could exploit possible cracks in his popularity, whether over pain from economic reforms, resentment over crackdowns or frustration over continued militant violence.
Several candidates dropped out citing intimidation and harassment. But the harshest treatment was dealt out to two former generals: former military chief of staff Maj. Gen. Sami Annan and former air force general Ahmed Shafiq, who came a close second in the 2012 presidential election.
The 70-year-old Annan was arrested three days after he announced his candidacy in January and is still in a military prison. One of his top aides, Hisham Genena, was beat up by thugs and later arrested as well.
Even before his arrest, Annan was under surveillance for months and was directly advised to not run, said senior security officials, who spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to brief the media.
“He was fully aware of the consequences … The warnings were crystal clear,” one official said.
Shafiq was living in the United Arab Emirates when, in November, he announced plans to run. The Emiratis promptly deported him to Egypt, where he was immediately detained in a hotel. For days, security officials berated him to drop out of the race as pro-government media launched a campaign to discredit him, warning of corruption cases and exposure of alleged sexual indiscretions.
Shafiq buckled, announcing his withdrawal on Jan. 7. He remained effectively under house arrest, the officials said.
Annan and Shafiq would have offered an alternative for voters seeking change but wary of parting company with the military.
But more worrisome, their candidacies fueled speculation about possible fissures within the military, which prides itself on iron-clad unity and secrecy.
It is not known whether their bids to run against el-Sissi had any support among senior officers. But other developments have raised question marks, such as unexplained dismissals in past months of the military's chief of staff and the head of the General Intelligence Directorate, Egypt's version of the CIA, who also hails from the military. Government-controlled media have briefly mentioned conflicts among security and intelligence agencies, and there have been unconfirmed reports of top generals being sidelined.
“The regime is super sensitive,” said Michael W. Hanna, an Egypt expert from New York's Century Foundation, “but it may also be facing internal tensions and rivalries that are seeping out into the public domain.”
ALBERTVILLE, France — Nicolas Mahut and Pierre-Hugues Herbert beat Robin Haase and Jean-Julien Rojer 7-6 (6), 6-3, 6-7 (3), 7-6 (2) to give defending champion France a 2-1 lead against the Netherlands in the first round of the Davis Cup World Group on Saturday.
France clinched victory on its first match point in a tough encounter where the Dutch pair had chances to take early control.
In the 10th game of the match, Herbert saved three set points on his serve. After the Dutch then saved a set point in the tiebreaker, France clinched the first set when Herbert's stabbed backhand volley at the net was too good for Haase.
There are two reverse singles to decide the contest on Sunday — Adrian Mannarino vs. Haase, and Richard Gasquet vs. Thiemo De Bakker.
In Friday's singles, Gasquet levelled the score by defeating Haase after Mannarino was upset by Thiemo de Bakker, ranked 369th.
Yannick Noah is stepping down as France's Davis Cup captain after this year's title defence.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
(Photos) Presidential Aspirant, Kingsley Moghalu Meets Alake Of Egbaland
Presidential aspirant, Dr Kingsley Moghalu today paid a courtesy call on the Alake of Egbaland, Oba Adedotun Aremu Gbadebo III at his Ake Palace in Abeokuta. Moghalu, a former Deputy Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria, posted photos of the encounter on his Twitter handle on Tuesday morning. He tweeted, “Embracing words of wisdom […]
The post (Photos) Presidential Aspirant, Kingsley Moghalu Meets Alake Of Egbaland appeared first on The Herald Nigeria Newspaper.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The Herald Nigeria Newspaper. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Wichita State signs on with Under Armour
Advertisement
Close Modal Window Hang on for a minute...we're trying to find some more stories you might like.
Close
Close Modal Window Email This Story Sends email to this address
Enter Your Name
Add a comment here
Verification
Send Email Cancel
Wichita State has partnered with Under Armour, the university announced Monday.
Wichita State will begin wearing Under Armour's performance apparel July 1, 2017, when the Baltimore-based outfitter starts their eight-year agreement.
“Wichita State has long needed to brand itself with consistency and uniformity,” Wichita State Athletic Director Darron Boatright said in a statement. “Our agreement with Under Armour gives us that.”
Under the agreement, Under Armour will provide equipment for 15 varsity sports. University officials reported that the agreement will include baseball, women's basketball and golf in 2017-18. Men's basketball, cross-country, track in 2018-19. Women's tennis will join in 2019, volleyball and softball will join in 2020-21.
The addition of Wichita State increases Under Armour's roster of NCAA partners to more than 15 Division-I schools.
About 30 known galaxy clusters have a radio structure within their centers, caused by superfast particles emitting radio waves. This structure is called a “mini-halo.”
About 30 galaxy clusters are known to harbor, embedded within their centers, a radio structure called a “mini-halo,” and the largest of these known mini-haloes is the one in the Perseus Cluster, over 250 million light-years away from Earth. And scientists have discovered details about this mini-halo that are helping them understand how these gigantic structures form at the center of a galaxy cluster.
Astronomers used the National Science Foundation's Karl G. Jansky Very Large Array (VLA), in central New Mexico, to study the Perseus Cluster, so-named after the constellation it appears in. Radio waves-emitting superfast particles at its center create a radio structure that is about 1.3 million light-years in diameter, which is 10 times the size of the entire Milky Way galaxy.
Read: Astronomers Discover A Fast Radio Burst That's Even Stranger Than Ones Detected Before
It is this massive size of mini-haloes that has stumped scientists. Theoretically, the fast-moving particles should slow down as they move away from the center of the cluster, and as to decelerate, they should stop emitting radio waves much before they travel to distances that have been observed.
“At large distances from the central galaxy, we don't expect to be able to see these haloes. However, we do see them and we want to know why," Marie-Lou Gendron-Marsolais from the University of Montreal, who was lead author of a recently published paper on the subject, said in a statement Tuesday.
The statement — issued by the National Radio Astronomy Observatory — said astronomers could image the Perseus Cluster due to the upgraded abilities of VLA that made the instrument “more sensitive to fainter radio emissions and provided higher resolution than previous radio observations.”
VLA was built in the 1970s, and was upgraded with new electronics in a decade-long process that was completed in 2012.
“The high-quality images that the upgraded VLA can produce will be key to helping us gain new insights into these mini-haloes in our quest to understand their origin,” Julie Hlavacek-Larrondo, also of the University of Montreal, and a co-author of the paper, said in the statement.
Read: Astronomers Discover Three New Fast Radio Bursts
The new details seen in the VLA images suggest the radio emissions from the mini-halo are caused by a series of complex mechanisms that are not the same everywhere in the cluster. Some emissions occur when particles reaccelerate due to the collision of small groups of galaxies with the cluster. Given the new images, scientists think some other radio emissions are caused by the powerful jets of particles that the supermassive black hole at the core of the central galaxy generates. These jets give a powerful energy “kick” to the particles.
“This would help explain the rich variety of complex structures that we see,” Gendron-Marsolais said.
The findings were published online Monday in an open-access paper titled “Deep 230–470 MHz VLA observations of the mini-halo in the Perseus cluster,” in the journal Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society.
Related Articles
MORGANTOWN, W.Va. — After three Power 5 games, there wasn't much for No. 10 West Virginia to learn on Sunday.
Coach Mike Carey was less than pleased with some of his players' habits as the Mountaineers cruised to victory over Coppin State, 101-43.
“Tough game to play,” Carey said. “I hate this kind of games. Nothing against them (Coppin State), but we don't get much out of it. We formed a lot of bad habits instead of good habits. I hate these types of games, but we did what we had to do to get the win and we won.”
West Virginia (9-0) is off to its second straight season with nine season-opening wins. The latest win marks the first time since the 1984-85 season that the program has scored 100 or more points three times in a season.
After both teams traded shots to begin the game, WVU went on a 24-2 run to bury the Eagles (1-9) in the first quarter.
Genesis Lucas scored 10 of her 15 points in the second quarter, but the Eagles had no answer for the Mountaineers defensively, going into the locker room down 56-26 at halftime.
WVU held the Eagles to 17 points in the second half to secure the victory.
Katrina Pardee led West Virginia with a career-high 25 points, Teana Muldrow added 22 and Naomi Davenport had 15 points and seven rebounds.
Mountaineer freshman Krystaline McCune scored 12 points in her first game in double figures.
“Kris McCune came in and played hard,” Pardee said. “She was ready to play.”
Chance Graham had 10 points and seven rebounds for Coppin State.
“West Virginia has a fantastic basketball team; they're very good,” Eagles coach Dewayne Burroughs said. “I could see them making a run long into March and April.”
BIG PICTURE
Coppin State concludes its nonconference schedule with games against VCU and Maryland before starting MEAC play with winnable games against Norfolk State, Savannah State and Florida A&M before its spring semester.
After three straight wins over Power 5 opponents Virginia Tech, then-No. 18 Texas A&M and Pittsburgh, WVU plays three more mid-major teams (Radford, Morgan State and Morehead State) before beginning Big 12 play.
TRANSFER OF POWER
West Virginia will gain one more eligible player for its Saturday game against Radford. Ohio State transfer Theresa Ekhelar will be able to enter the lineup for the Mountaineers after sitting out the fall semester due to NCAA transfer rules.
Carey was surprised to hear that she would be eligible so soon.
“She gets to play the next game?” Carey said. “That's better than what I thought it was. I'm going to come out of here (the news conference) smiling, I came in here wanting to cry.”
PRESS VIRGINIA
The Mountaineers used the style of play popularized by their men's counterparts, scoring 44 points off of 24 Coppin State turnovers.
The Eagles' 24 turnovers tie the most forced by West Virginia all season.
POLL IMPLICATIONS
West Virginia looks poised to move up in the AP Top 25 after dominating wins over Pitt and Coppin State, as well as No. 7 UCLA's 87-72 loss at Oklahoma State on Saturday.
UP NEXT
The Eagles conclude their eight-game road trip at VCU on Dec. 18.
The Mountaineers host Radford in Charleston, West Virginia, on Saturday.
By Fungai Lupande
A Chitungwiza man who lured his 14-year-old tuckshop employee with jolly juice and biscuits before being intimate with her, has been sentenced to 20 months in prison.
Josias Shumba (33) had pleaded not guilty when he appeared before Chitungwiza magistrate Mrs Yeukai Chigodora on Tuesday.
He was convicted due to overwhelming evidence after a full trial.
Mrs Chigodora sentenced Shumba to two and half years in prison before suspending 10 months on condition of good behaviour.
Mrs Chigodora said Shumba took advantage of the vulnerability of the teenager.
The magistrate said Shumba was expected to act as the girl's guardian.
Prosecuting, Mr Farai Katonha told the court that Shumba rented a tuckshop in Beatrice.
He employed the teenager in March this year as his tuckshop keeper.
Shumba proposed love to the girl on March 15 and she refused. He then gave the teenager jolly juice and biscuits before being intimate with her.
Shumba abused the girl again three days later, but was spotted committing the offence in the bush by Archppus Ngwenya.
Ngwenya alerted the teenager's aunt and the matter was reported to the police. The Herald
In news that will likely make many a driver scream, the Transport Secretary has announced that learners will be allowed to take lessons on the motorway for the first time ever.
Starting next year learners will be permitted to have lessons on the motorway, provided they're in a dual-control car with an approved instructor. So it's not like learners are going to head onto the motorway on their 17th birthday with mum or dad in tow. It's hoped that the extra lessons will help better prepare new drivers for life after they pass their test.
Transport Secretary Chris Grayling said:
"The UK has some of the safest roads in the world and we want to make them even safer. Younger drivers are up to seven times more likely to be killed or seriously injured compared with drivers over 25 and lack of experience is an important factor. Allowing learners to drive on motorways in a supportive environment will help them develop a practical understanding of how to use motorways safely before driving independently."
Earlier this year the Department of Transport had a consultation on the measure, which supposedly received wide support from instructors and learner drivers alike.
As it stands drivers are not allowed on the motorway until they pass their test, and while motorway lessons are part of the Pass Plus course it's not compulsory for all new drivers to take part. Though why they don't is beyond me, since most insurance companies offer a discount if you complete it.
There are plenty of drivers out there, new and old alike, who don't seem to have a clue how motorways work. Hopefully by allowing learner drivers to drive on the motorway, even if it's not compulsory, will do something to improve things for everyone. [Department of Transport via Evening Standard]
More Cars Posts:
Vietnamese villagers in a suburban district of Hanoi have freed 15 riot police who were held over a land dispute.
The state-run online newspaper Vnexpress reported Tuesday that three others managed to escape while authorities are persuading villagers to free remaining 20 police and local officials.
The standoff began Saturday when police clashed with villagers who allege their land was illegally taken for sale by a military-run telecoms firm.
Some villagers who were arrested have been released.
Land disputes are common in Vietnam, where residents often claim that their land taken for infrastructure or other industrial or residential projects is not properly compensated.
The Kentucky Department for Libraries and Archives (KDLA) has launched a website to give residents of the Commonwealth increased online access to state government digital records from more than 240 agencies, boards and commissions.
Included are annual reports, photos, videos, audio recordings and state publications and more.
“The new Kentucky State Digital Archives allows us to permanently preserve and provide access to digital records of historic value to the Commonwealth,” said Kentucky State Archivist Beth Shields. “These public records can be searched, viewed, downloaded and printed for free.”
The records span from 2000 to the present.
Mobile users can CLICK HERE for more information.
Download the KFVS News app: iPhone | Android
Copyright 2018 KFVS. All rights reserved.
John McEuen picked up the banjo at 17 in Garden Grove and hasn't put it down since. (Photo courtesy of John McEuen)
John McEuen's ID card for Disneyland when he and future star Steve Martin, best friends in high school, both worked there as teens. (Photo courtesy of John McEuen)
“The Life I've Picked” is the title of John McEuen's new memoir.
John McEuen's graduation photo as a member of the class of 1963 at Garden Grove High School. (Photo courtesy of John McEuen)
John McEuen and his pre-Nitty Gritty Dirt Band group, the Willmore City Moonshiners, opened for country star Hoyt Axton at the Golden Bear in Huntington Beach, one of dozens of times he played the venue. (Photo courtesy of John McEuen)
John McEuen, right, in the Willmore City Moonshiners, his band before joining the Nitty Gritty Dirt Band. (Photo courtesy of John McEuen).
It was 1963 and 17-year-old John McEuen was hanging out with his best friend Steve Martin – yes, that Steve Martin – in Garden Grove when his older brother came by with a friend who owned a music shop in Long Beach and happened to have a banjo in tow.
“The guy knew, we found out later, only four songs on the banjo that he could get through,” says McEuen, whose life was about to forever change. “Like ‘The Ballad of Jed Clampett,' and ‘Foggy Mountain Breakdown,' but it didn't quite break down.
“And Steve and I were there, our tongues were hanging out, going, ‘What is that?'” he says. “It was really an epiphany moment. Just the sound, for Steve and I both.”
McEuen, who joined the soon-to-be-quite-influential Nitty Gritty Dirt Band just a few gigs after founding member Jackson Browne, another Orange County native, left to pursue a solo career in 1966, laughed as he shared that story recently while driving south through Oregon on a West Coast tour that combines concerts and book events.
His forthcoming memoir, “The Life I've Picked: A Banjo Player's Nitty Gritty Journey,” includes a version of the banjo epiphany – and between the book and his solo tour he's coming home to Southern Calfornia for a trio event including a pair in Huntington Beach on Saturday and Sunday and a third in Thousand Oaks on Monday.
His memoir is filled with fascinating tales of life on stage, in the studio, on the road and at home, and while it's his personal tale it's also a story of the music he and his his peers made, a history of the transformation of folk music into country rock, and the age-old beauty of acoustic instruments and the traditions from which they've been handed down.
That it's told from the point of view of a kid growing up in Orange County thousands of miles from the hollers of Kentucky or the mountains of Tennessee from which this music originally flowed only makes it more intriguing. But it was in Southern California where McEuen first fell in love with the banjo, so that's where his, and our, story begins.
“I happened to cross paths with the Dillards one night when I was 17,” McEuen says of the legendary bluegrass band who brought that music to the mainstream when they were hired to play the Darling Boys on “The Andy Griffith Show” in the early 1960s. “I went to the Paradox and Doug Dillard walked up and kicked off ‘Hickory Hollow.'
“And the sounds, the presentation, the way they did it, just took me away,” he said.
He and Martin, who after great stardom in stand-up comedy and the movies in recent years has focused on bluegrass and the banjo, both fell hard for the music, with McEuen helping Martin learn the instrument even as he was learning it himself.
McEuen, who like Martin, worked at the Magic Shop at Disneyland, and credits that with giving him his first taste of performing, attended Santa Ana College and Cal State Long Beach, but his real lessons came in the folk clubs of Orange County, places like the Paradox in Tustin where he'd seen the Dillards that night, or the Rouge et Noir, in Seal Beach, and especially at McCabe's Guitar Shop in Long Beach where he met the fellow travelers with whom he'd soon join in the Nitty Gritty Dirt Band.
“Everybody was just hanging around playing,” McEuen says. “And after awhile we knew five or six songs together. You'd say, ‘Well, let's play,' and you'd learn a new song. This wasn't like rehearsing or anything, it was just trying to figure out what the bridge to ‘Jesse James' was, and how do we change chords here.”
The owner of McCabe's “had a very welcoming coffee table that usually three or four or five or six people would be sitting around, and those people became the Nitty Gritty Dirt Band,” he says.
The band found a measure of success with its self-titled 1967 debut album and the single “Buy For Me The Rain,” and even more with the 1970 release, “Uncle Charlie and His Dog Teddy,” which produced singles such as the band's cover of “Mr. Bojangles,” as well as “House at Pooh Corner,” one of Kenny Loggins' first recorded songs, and “Some of Shelly's Blues,” written by Michael Nesmith of the Monkees.
But McEuen's passion for vintage country music and the performers who produced one of the group's greatest achievements in 1972 when he invited such legends as Earl Scruggs, Doc Watson and Maybelle Carter to record with this band of long-haired hippie-looking West Coast boys, with the resulting album, “Will The Circle Be Unbroken,” a landmark recording revered to this day.
There are plenty of great stories beyond these few moments highlighted here – backing Steve Martin as the Toot Uncommons when he played his novelty hit “King Tut” on “Saturday Night Live,” band pranks on the road, the thrill of the traveling musician and the price that it takes on one's family life – and McEuen says he started writing them down about 15 years ago when one interviewer after another told him he should write a book one day.
He eventually sent a few of them to his lifelong friend Martin, who's written a number of books himself and encouraged him.
“He said, ‘You need to put these in a book, but ti's not a book yet, it's a bunch of stories, and you need to get an editor,'” McEuen said. So he did, and finally, “The Life I've Picked” emerged.
McEuen left the Dirt Band last year year (he'd earlier taken a break from the group for the end of the '80s and all of the '90s), partly over business disagreements with his long-time band mates, and partly out of the frustration over their musical differences, both of which he talks about at different points in the book.
Around the same time he released his latest solo album, “Made In Brooklyn,” which in addition to spotlighting Martin on banjo includes a varied set of standards and originals as well as bluegrass covers of two Warren Zevon songs, including “Excitable Boy.” It's currently up for Americana album of the year at the Independent Music Awards.
He's modest about the legacy of the Nitty Gritty Dirt Band and the influence it's had on musicians who came after, though he's aware that it did spread the sounds you find today on the roots-oriented side of the country and rock music tracks.
“I always thought about it like John Fogarty took people to the bayou from Oakland or Berkeley, and we were taking people to Appalachia and Kentucky and the hills of Tennessee from Orange County,” he says. “It came out West and through us it got filtered back.”
John McEuen events
Saturday, March 24: John McEuen & the String Wizards concert at 8 p.m. at Don the Beachcomber, 16278 Pacific Coast Highway, Huntington Beach. Tickets are $20-$60. For more go to donthebeachcomber.com
Sunday, March 25: John McEuen book event with music at 1 p.m. at Barnes & Noble, Bella Terra shopping center, 7881 Edinger Ave., Huntington Beach. For signing must buy book at store.
Monday, March 26: John McEuen book event with music at 7 p.m. at Barnes & Noble, 160 S. Westlake Blvd.
Thousand Oaks. For signing must buy book at store.
OWINGS MILLS, Md. — Ozzie Newsome's reign as the only general manager in Baltimore Ravens history will come to an end after the 2018 season.
Newsome signed a five-year extension in 2014 with the understanding that he surrenders the post to assistant GM Eric DeCosta at the end of the contract, Ravens owner Steve Bisciotti said Friday.
“Ozzie will step down as GM and has assured me that he's not going anywhere,” Bisciotti said. “He will work with me and work with Eric for a smooth transition and he'll be the highest paid scout in America when Eric takes over next year.”
Newsome, 61, has been in charge of filling out the roster since the Ravens arrived in Baltimore in 1996. His first two draft picks were Jonathan Ogden — who became a Hall of Fame offensive lineman — and Ray Lewis, who is expected to enter the Hall this year.
Newsome is also a member of the Hall of Fame. Following his standout career as a tight end with the Cleveland Browns, Newsome made the transition to the front office under former Ravens owner Art Modell. With Newsome leading the way, Baltimore won two Super Bowls and reached the post-season five straight years from 2008-12.
DeCosta, 46, joined the Ravens at an entry-level position in 1996 and was schooled by Newsome. Since becoming assistant general manager in 2012, DeCosta spurned numerous job offers from other teams with the assumption, then assurance, that he would inherit Newsome's job.
“I think he has learned from Ozzie. I think he's a great leader of the scouts,” Bisciotti said of DeCosta. “It's Ozzie's department, but most of the interaction with all the scouts is with Eric. I've seen the way he goes about the business, I've seen the way he's embraced technology and analytics, and I like working with him.”
Bisciotti said of the impending switch from Newsome to DeCosta: “It's time. There are people that are running other franchises that got the jobs because Eric wouldn't take it. This year it was the Packers.”
Bisciotti spoke for nearly an hour in his annual post-season session with the media. He fielded questions on a wide variety of topics — beginning with his decision to retain coach John Harbaugh after Baltimore missed the playoffs for a third straight season.
Firing Harbaugh “was certainly a consideration, but not one that I was inclined to make this year,” the owner said.
Asked if he would fire Harbaugh if the Ravens fail to reach the post-season in 2018, Bisciotti replied, “I'm not going to give a ‘playoff or bust' edict to you all or my coach. He's under (more) pressure probably than he's ever been in in his life, and I expect him to … make the most of this season. I may as well replace him now if I'm going to tell him, ‘Make the playoffs or you're out of town next year.' That's not the way to run a business.”
Though the Ravens have gone 5-11, 8-8 and 9-7 over the last three years, Bisciotti noted that things would have been different were it not for a last-minute loss in Pittsburgh in 2016 and a stunning defeat at home in the finale against Cincinnati this season.
He also cited quarterback Joe Flacco's slow recovery from an ailing back as a determining factor in 2017.
“We're literally looking at a few moments of time that went against us,” Bisciotti said. “We're not talking about 4-12 seasons here. We're talking about a franchise quarterback that had a herniated disk and was not healthy for the first half of the year. There are a couple games that we should have won, that if we did, we might have been resting our starters against Cincinnati. That's our goal next year.”
Bisciotti hopes that an improved team will draw more fans to home games in 2018. The Ravens sold out every game, but often performed before thousands of empty seats.
“Am I disappointed in it? Yeah. Concerned? Yes,” he said. “The no-shows are a way of telling us our fans aren't pleased. We've got to win, and I hope that solves a majority of the problems.”
——
More AP NFL: https://pro32.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP–NFL
FILE- In this Sept. 20, 2016, file photo, Senate Banking Committee member Sen. Elizabeth Warren, D-Mass., questions Wells Fargo Chief Executive Officer John Stumpf on Capitol Hill in Washington. Warren is leading a new effort to make sure vendors working with marijuana businesses don't have their banking services taken away. (AP Photo/Susan Walsh, File)
BOSTON (AP) — As marijuana shops sprout in states that have legalized the drug, they face a critical stumbling block — lack of access to the kind of routine banking services other businesses take for granted.
U.S. Sen. Elizabeth Warren, a Massachusetts Democrat, is leading an effort to make sure vendors working with legal marijuana businesses, from chemists who test marijuana for harmful substances to firms that provide security, don't have their banking services taken away.
It's part of a wider effort by Warren and others to bring the burgeoning $7 billion marijuana industry in from a fiscal limbo she said forces many shops to rely solely on cash, making them tempting targets for criminals.
After voters in Warren's home state approved a November ballot question to legalize the recreational use of pot, she joined nine other senators in sending a letter to a key federal regulator, the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network, calling on it to issue additional guidance to help banks provide services to marijuana shop vendors.
Twenty-eight states have legalized marijuana for medicinal or recreational use.
Warren, a member of the Senate Banking Committee, said there are benefits to letting marijuana-based businesses move away from a cash-only model.
"You make sure that people are really paying their taxes. You know that the money is not being diverted to some kind of criminal enterprise," Warren said recently. "And it's just a plain old safety issue. You don't want people walking in with guns and masks and saying, 'Give me all your cash.'"
A spokesman for the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network said the agency is reviewing the letter.
There has been some movement to accommodate the banking needs of marijuana businesses.
Two years ago, the U.S. Department of the Treasury gave banks permission to do business with legal marijuana entities under some conditions. Since then, the number of banks and credit unions willing to handle pot money rose from 51 in 2014 to 301 in 2016.
Warren, however, said fewer than 3 percent of the nation's 11,954 federally regulated banks and credit unions are serving the cannabis industry.
Taylor West, deputy director of the National Cannabis Industry Association, a trade organization for 1,100 marijuana businesses nationwide, said access to banking remains a top concern.
"What the industry needs is a sustainable solution that services the entire industry instead of tinkering around the edges," Taylor said. "You don't have to be fully in favor of legalized marijuana to know that it helps no one to force these businesses outside the banking system."
Sam Kamin, a professor at the University of Denver Sturm College of Law who studies marijuana regulation, said there's only so much states can do on their own.
"The stumbling block over and over again is the federal illegality," he said.
The federal government lumps marijuana into the same class of drugs as heroin, LSD and peyote. Democratic President Barack Obama's administration has essentially turned a blind eye to state laws legalizing the drug, and supporters of legalizing marijuana hope Republican President-elect Donald Trump will follow suit.
Trump officials did not respond to a request for comment. During the presidential campaign, Trump said states should be allowed to legalize marijuana and has expressed support for medicinal use. But he also has sounded more skeptical about recreational use, and his pick for attorney general, Alabama U.S. Sen. Jeff Sessions, is a stern critic.
Some people in the marijuana industry say the banking challenges are merely growing pains for an industry evolving from mom-and-pop outlets.
Nicholas Vita, CEO of Columbia Care, one of the nation's largest providers of medical marijuana products, said it's up to marijuana businesses to make sure their financial house is in order.
"It's not just as simple as asking the banks to open their doors," Vita said. "The industry also needs to develop a set of standards that are acceptable to the banks."
Late TD not enough as Lions fall 31-24 to Packers in NFC North finale.
The (9-7) Lions lost their season finale for the NFC North title to the(10-6) Green Bay Packers and will take on the Seattle Seahawks on the road in the 1st round of the Playoffs. They weren't able to win their first division title since 1993. Matthew Stafford connected with Anquan Boldin in the final seconds, but it wouldn't be enough as Aaron Rodgers' previous 4 TD passes had already sealed the game. The Lions lost but had already wrapped up a Playoff spot thanks to the Redskins losing to the Giants. Detroit will now take on the Seahawks this Saturday at 8:15. Read my notes from the game below. And Happy New Year from SideLion Report!
1ST QUARTER:
The Lions got the ball to start the game and handed it off to Zach Zenner for 6 yards on their first play. Two straight incomplete passes forced a punt from Sam Martin. The Packers took over and after converting one first down, Lions safety Tavon Wilson blitzed up the gut and sacked QB Aaron Rodgers. A bad throw on third was incomplete and the Packers punted. Eric Ebron caught a quick out and turned it upfield for a first down.
Matthew overshot Golden Tate on a deep ball down the right sideline that would have probably been a TD. Lions punt it back to Green Bay. Aaron Ripkowski ripped off a big run to get near midfield. The Packers were called for a false start and three straight incompletions led to a Packers punt.
Zach Zenner ran out of the shotgun for a 15-yard gain and a first down. After a 9-yard pass to Marvin Jones, Zenner was able to convert to get to the 40. A play-action shot over the middle to Golden Tate was caught for 17-yard gain. Stafford stood in there tough against Julius Peppers, taking a big shot as he fired it for a first-down to Jones. The drive stalled in field goal range after a ticky-tack offensive pass interference call on Tate.
End of 1st: Detroit-0, Green Bay-0.
2ND QUARTER:
Matt Prater missed a 39-yarder to start the second quarter. Green Bay took over around their own 29. Another incomplete pass started the drive for Rodgers and the Packers. A false start on 3rd backed them up (CROWD NOISE) to make it 3rd & 7, before Rodgers snuck out and found Jared Cook for a first down. Rodgers finished off a 8 play 71-yard drive with a short TD pass to Ripkowski. Green Bay goes up 7-0, with about 11 minutes left in the half.
Stafford found Zenner for a first down to start the drive. After a sack made it third and long, Stafford found T.J. Jones for a deep strike down the right sideline. A direct snap to Tate was taken for seven. Zenner had another good run, hitting the 50-yard mark on his first down run. The Lions caught Green Bay offsides. Stafford hit Ebron — who lined up out wide — on a quick slant for a 1st down. Zenner finished the drive with a TD run up the gut. 7-7, after the beautifully executed run on the goal line.
The Packers took over with five minutes left in the second quarter. A penalty brought back a big play by Green Bay. A hold on the next play took back a short Rodgers scramble. The Lions brought nice pressure up front on Rodgers and a short throw was stopped shy of the first, forcing a punt. The Lions took over with two and a half minutes left in the half. Anquan Boldin caught a pass, then ran upfield getting out of bounds past midfield. The Lions ran a well-executed screen pass to Zenner for about 15 yards. Boldin caught it for a big gain close to the end zone. Then, Stafford found Tate for a short TD pass. 14-7 Detroit, with 30 seconds left.
Rodgers found Geronimo Allison for a big gain past midfield. Then he hit Cook, to got Green Bay into field-goal range. With three seconds left, they brought out Mason Crosby for a 53-yard field goal to close out the first half. He drilled it.
Halftime: Detroit-14, Green Bay-10.
3RD QUARTER:
The Packers came out with the ball. Rodgers found DaVante Adams, who converted their first set of downs. Rodgers easily moved the Packers past midfield with a scramble for a first down. Jordy Nelson had a big catch and Adams finished it with a short touchdown. Green Bay went 75 yards on ten plays in five and a half minutes. Packers go up 17-14.
Detroit went back on offense with about nine minutes left in the third. Zenner took what looked like a Stafford audible into a short pass and got a first down. The Lions stalled out, though, and were forced to punt from their own 40. Martin booted it to the opposing 15. Green Bay took over. The Lions played tough defense and got in Rodgers face enough to force a quick punt, with two minutes left in the quarter.
Stafford fired a rainbow deep over the right sideline to Marvin Jones to get some breathing room after starting on their own four. The Lions ran the ball once and that was it for the third quarter.
End of 3rd: Detroit-14, Green Bay-17.
4TH QUARTER:
The Lions were driving but couldn't get any father after an injury to Quinton Rollins stopped play for a few minutes. Rollins was taken to a hospital. The Lions punted with 14:39 left in the fourth quarter. Rodgers converted with his feet and his arm, finding Allison and Adams to get into scoring range. Darius Slay was dinged up on a tackle of Jordy Nelson. He came back in on 2nd & 9, which was a Rodgers incompletion. He converted on third, rolling around to find Allison in the back of the end zone for a touchdown. Packers went up 23-14 after a missed extra point.
The Lions got the ball with about ten minutes left in the game down by nine points. Stafford found Marvin Jones after being flushed out of the pocket. He threw two incompletions to T.J. Jones and they brought Prater out for a 54-yarder and he crushed it. The Lions made it 23-17, with seven minutes left. Jim Caldwell successfully challenged a friendly spot. On the next play, however, Ziggy got burned on a quarterback keeper on third down. A penalty on Darius Slay on the next play gave Green Bay the ball at their own 48. The Lions blitzed and forced an errant throw which was incomplete. Rodgers converted on third getting into easy field goal range.
Tahir Whitehead whiffed on another possible stop and Montgomery got a first down.
Rodgers threw it up to DaVante Adams for his fourth touchdown. The Packers got the 2-point conversion for a 31-17 lead. Detroit got the ball back with 2:50 left in the game.
Stafford hit Ebron twice, then Golden Tate for a big gain into scoring range with two minutes left. Stafford was intercepted in the end zone. Green Bay couldn't run the clock out though, and Stafford bombed it for a touchdown. Somehow, the game still wasn't over. But Detroit couldn't recover it and lost.
End of Game: Green Bay-31, Lions-24.
3 Stars of the Game:
1. Aaron Rodgers
Rodgers was the M.V.P. in this game and probably the entire league after this performance. He was amazing in the biggest moments, going 27-39, for 300 yards, 4 TDs, and a QB rating of 126.0
2. Zach Zenner
Zenner had 110 total yards, with 69 rushing yards and 41 receiving. He also had a touchdown. Zenner was all the Lions had and he had to act as their Theo Riddick in a lot of ways. He's clearly the Lions best threat out of the backfield.
3. DaVante Adams
Adams was outstanding with Allison, who combined for 132 yards and 3 TDs. The Packers made plays all game when they had to, And that was the difference in the game.
Like SideLion Report on Facebook! and follow Matt on Twitter @MattUrben88.
More from SideLion Report
This article originally appeared on
Ashanti Regional Minister, Simon Osei Mensah
It has emerged that some recalcitrant illegal miners have now resorted to the comfort of their bedrooms to engage in illegal mining.
This was made known by the Ashanti Regional Minister, Simon Osei Mensah, who reveals that “in-house mining” is currently on the high side in the Asante Akyem Central Municipality.
According to him, the area being rich in gold deposits, has seen some people adopt strange ways to mine – a situation which clearly undermines government's resolve against illegal small-scale mining.
“It is shocking to know that some unscrupulous people have resorted to in-house mining at the Asante-Akyem Central Municipality in the Ashanti region. These people dig deep pits in their bedrooms and they illegally mine for gold under their roof without anybody seeing them and it's dangerous,” he revealed during a regional coordinating council (RCC) meeting in Kumasi.
Meanwhile, the minister for lands and natural resources, John Peter Amewu, has revealed plans by government to extend the ban on illegal small-scale mining by at least six months to fully put an end to the menace of galamsey.
قالب وردپرس
Comments
Ebonyi communal killings; Umahi threatens to dethrone traditional rulers, town union President
Obinna Ogbonnaya
The Ebonyi State Governor, Chief Dave Umahi yesterday threatened to dethrone any traditional ruler and town union presidents of communities who promote, instigate and support communal/land dispute that leads to killings of innocent citizens and burning of houses.
Gov Umahi expressed regret that instead of being peace ambassadors, some traditional rulers, town union presidents and individuals have chosen to encourage crisis in their localities, describing it as unacceptable and sabotage against the people and government.
The state Governor who spoke while addressing stakeholders of Okporojo and Ogiri villages, Oso-Edda in Afikpo South local government area of Ebonyi state was coming on the heels of the killings and destruction of properties worth millions of niara by the 2 communities.
The people of Ogiri who were badly hit by the land dispute leadership gathered have all deserted the village.
Accessing the level of damages at the scene Umahi who was represented by his Deputy, Dr. Kelechi Igwe condemned the carnage and destruction in ogiri village.
He ordered the local government area to take over the disputed land immediately and cultivate rice crops on the 85 hectares swamp land to prevent the two parties from coming near the land any more.
“This administration should not be taken for weakness. The people should not for any reason go to provoke wars where people should be doing their normal business because they think government should wade in and pay compensation for destructions and loss of lives”, he said.
Addressing Governor Umahi who was accompanied on the occasion by security chiefs and team of policemen, soldiers and DSS, Chairman of the local government Chief Eni Uduma Chima explained that the two communities have been living peacefully and expressed shock at the crisis which he said claimed many lives.
He lamented that the Internally Displaced Persons in the crisis who are taking refuge in different communities within and outside the local government have been receiving various attacks, describing it as unfortunate
The post Ebonyi communal killings; Umahi threatens to dethrone traditional rulers, town union President appeared first on leadership.ng.
This post was syndicated from leadership.ng. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
TransCanada's decision to abandon its Energy East pipeline proposal sends two negative messages, both brimming with potential for damage.
One is to the international community, signalling that — whatever Ottawa may claim — Canada is not a welcoming place for energy investment. The most ludicrous assertion offered in the wake of TransCanada's announcement was Natural Resources Minister Jim Carr's claim that it was solely a “business decision” that had nothing to do with the government. Yes, the decision was made on a business basis, but in the face of a regulatory and approval process put in place by a government more devoted to favoured voting groups than to the development and expansion of one of Canada's most crucial economic interests.
The government of Prime Minister Justin Trudeau is more concerned about Quebec, environmentalists and Indigenous communities than it is about the potential fallout of lost investment and a moribund energy industry. It's betting that the disfavour that comes from erecting a wall against investment and job growth will be less than would have resulted from helping the project succeed. TransCanada's conclusion means that one of the country's most experienced and capable companies, one with a long record of success and international activities, no longer thinks it can pass the hurdles put in place by Liberal legislators. What's the rest of the world to think?
What is the rest of the world to think now?
The second message is to the West, and may be even more debilitating. It says that westerners were right to distrust this government, and any government dominated by easterners. It reinvigorates the deep sense of alienation that has caused so much resentment and disunity in the past. Canada has spent decades trying to salve the wounds opened by Trudeau's father when he sought to impose Ottawa's will on Alberta via the National Energy Program 35 years ago. Justin Trudeau has sought to convince westerners he is not his father when it comes to energy policy. But Thursday's announcement will only cement the conviction that one Trudeau is the same as another Trudeau. When westerners look east, they will see a privileged Montreal millionaire in the prime minister's office, with an even wealthier finance minister from Toronto's most elite circles in tow.
Consider the gap between the Liberals' treatment of the West's energy interests, and their determination to bend over backwards to support Quebec's ever-troubled Bombardier operations. One is a sprawling business that employs tens of thousands across the country and pours billions of dollars of profit into the community while contributing immense tax revenue to both provincial and federal governments. The other is a family-dominated, Quebec-based conglomerate that lives from one subsidy to the next and can't seem to peddle anything from streetcars to airplanes without Ottawa exerting its muscle on Bombardier's behalf.
So devoted are the Liberals to Bombardier that they've gone to war with Boeing and the U.S. government over Boeing's challenge to the subsidy regime its rival enjoys. Boeing's challenge is an authentic business decision, yet Ottawa seems untroubled about once again playing Sir Galahad, not only intervening on Bombardier's behalf, but also putting the problem-plagued effort to buy new fighter jets on the line, solely for the benefit of a privileged Quebec family and the people they employ.
Why Bombardier's skilled workers are more important than the vastly larger number of Canadians who earn a living from energy has not been explained, though it's obviously one linked to Liberal voting interests. There are far more seats to be had in Quebec and Ontario than there are in Alberta, Saskatchewan and Manitoba. It's also consistent with Ottawa's history of bias. When the 2008 economic crisis threatened eastern auto manufacturing, there was no hesitation in offering a costly bailout, justified by the need to protect jobs. As far as I recall, auto emissions are a serious cause of greenhouse gases, precisely the root of “progressives'” blind hatred of western oil. But for some reason the threat to jobs and prosperity doesn't apply when it comes to an industry that — once again — represents far more jobs than the car business ever did.
Alberta has had nice talk, but not a lot of assistance from either Ottawa or the other provinces
There's another lesson to be learned from the mess that the Liberals are making of energy policy, and it's to the “progressives” the government has sought so hard to please. In 2015, Alberta voters took a flyer on a “progressive” government. They set aside their decades-long devotion to conservatives, and elected Rachel Notley and her New Democrats. Notley has put much work into convincing Albertans that a “progressive,” “enlightened” left-wing government can deliver a robust economy and maintain cordial relations with other jurisdictions, despite their anti-oil sentiments. Her position is that Canadians are co-operative people who want the West to thrive and are willing to help it happen, if approached in the correct manner.
It hasn't been easy going for her, and it just got a lot harder. Alberta has had nice talk, but not a lot of assistance from either Ottawa or the other provinces. New Democrats in British Columbia want to kill the one remaining project that could provide access to foreign markets. New Democrats across the country have just elected a new leader from Ontario who opposes both Energy East and the Kinder Morgan pipeline. Albertans can be in no doubt that their future may be troubled in any event, but especially so the more they tie themselves to Liberals, New Democrats, “progressives” and their various blinkered activist allies.
Thursday might have been a good day for Jason Kenney and Brian Jean, who are competing to return conservatives to the offices they lost in 2015 and now have a powerful new argument to support their quest. It may have been good for easterners who turn a blind eye to the rest of the country, for environmentalists who care for little beyond their own conceits, and those Indigenous people who don't need the jobs and economic benefits that come from a healthy industry.
Overall, it wasn't a good day for the country, though. Not if we hope to avoid sliding back into the years of hostility and east-west rivalry that have been such a hallmark of Liberal regimes.
National Post
After a video showing compounder of a private hospital performing anaesthesia went viral, Shamli CMO has ordered a probe into the matter. In the viral, also, Nardev Singh, owner of the hospital, can be seen operating one of the patients in the operation theatre.
However, this is not the first time that hospital has been a figure of controversy | Pictorial representation |
The Shamli district authorities have ordered a probe into a case of medical apathy reported from a private hospital of the district. The matter surfaced after a video of the incident went viral on the internet, showing compounder of the hospital performing anaesthesia. In the viral video, the owner of the hospital, who is an 8th class pass, can also be seen operating one of the patients in the operation theatre. The incident of medical negligence has triggered a new debate about medical infrastructure in the state as this is not the first time that hospital has been a figure of controversy.
According to reports, female compounder seen in the video was not authorised to perform the duties she was performing. Reports say that Aryan hospital has been sealed thrice earlier for irregularities but managed to reopen due to its owners' connection with political leaders. The Chief Medical Officer (CMO) of the district has constituted a probe committee under the leadership of ACMO – Ashok Kumar Handa – to look into the matter.
Speaking on the matter, ACMO told News18 that Nardev Singh, owner of the hospital, was administering anaesthesia, while female compounder is performing anaesthesia. In last one year, at least 24 patients have been died in the hospital, following the cases of medical apathy; three families of total deceased have filed cases against the hospital under the Section – 354 of Indian Penal Code (culpable homicide not amounting to murder).
Meanwhile, local BJP leader Pawan Tarar was allegedly stopped from conducting a probe into the matter. Also, probe team investigating the case was stopped by hospital authorities to enter into the operation theatre.
In the recent times, cases of medical negligence have been spiked in Uttar Pradesh, triggering a debate across all corners about the state of medical infrastructure in the state. Opposition parties have blamed state authorities for not taking enough steps to improve the medical infrastructure.
For all the latest National News, download NewsX App
Read More
The Pentagon announced Monday it will begin a new review of its nuclear posture at the direction of President Trump, amid rising tensions on the Korean Peninsula over Pyongyang's missile firings and potentially a sixth nuclear test.
Pentagon chief spokesperson Dana W. White said in a statement that Defense Secretary Jim Mattis will ensure the U.S. military's nuclear force is “safe, secure, effective, reliable and appropriately tailored to deter 21st-century threats and reassure our allies.”
The U.S. military has roughly 450 long-range nuclear missiles in underground silos at various bases in the Midwest. It also maintains a fleet of ballistic missile submarines as well as long range B-2 and B-52 bombers also capable of launching nuclear weapons. Smaller nuclear weapons can be carried by U.S. Air Force fighter jets.
According to the latest Pentagon statement, “Secretary Mattis directed the commencement of the review, which will be led by the deputy secretary of defense and the vice chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, and include interagency partners. The process will culminate in a final report to the president by the end of the year.”
The Pentagon's posture review comes two days after North Korea failed to launch a new type of ballistic missile, which exploded four seconds after launch. U.S. officials told Fox News the North Korean missile was a KN-17, a new type of Scud, which could be used to target ships similar to the one launched earlier this month days before Chinese President Xi Jinping visited Trump at his Mar-a-Lago club in Palm Beach.
“The only way a Scud gets a new designation is if it is substantially different,” said Jeffrey Lewis, a scholar at the Middlebury Institute of International Studies at Monterey.
The KN-17 is a single-stage, liquid-fueled missile — not the three-stage, solid-fuel missile that North Korea successfully tested back in February, which caused more concern among Pentagon officials.
The latest failed test over the weekend occurred hours before Vice President Pence touched down in Seoul. On Monday, he visited the Demilitarized Zone on the border between North and South and warned the rogue communist regime against conducting further tests.
“There was a period of strategic patience. But the era of strategic patience is over. President Trump has made it clear that the patience of the United States and our allies in this region has run out, and we want to see change,” Pence said.
Aside from the rumblings out of North Korea, Russia recently deployed a ground-based, nuclear-capable cruise missile in violation of a decades-long arms treaty between Washington and Moscow, drawing condemnation from Capitol Hill lawmakers. The 1987 Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces (INF) Treaty between the United States and the then-Soviet Union required complete “destruction” of ballistic and cruise missiles with ranges between 310 and 3,418 miles and support equipment by 1990.
On Sunday, host Chris Wallace asked Deputy National Security Adviser KT McFarland on “Fox News Sunday” if the U.S. played a role in North Korea's failed test launch over the weekend.
“You know we can't talk about secret intelligence and things that might have been done, covert operations that might have happened. So, I really have no comment on that, and nor should I,” McFarland said.
She added, “I do think we are entering a whole new era, not just with North Korea, but with everybody, with any country, major country, we are entering a cyber platform, a cyber battlefield.”
Lucas Tomlinson is the Pentagon and State Department producer for Fox News Channel. You can follow him on Twitter: @LucasFoxNews
Gamers craving absurdly fast racing action might first think of Wipeout, or even Mario Kart at 200cc, but there's no need to abandon reality in the pursuit of speed. Codemasters' F1 2017 has plenty of it, all bound to a detailed, realistic racing engine.
Reality, however, can also turn off some gamers. Realism is not always its own reward, and for a franchise like F1 – which comes out annually, in tune with real-world F1 racing seasons – the boredom of repetition is always lurking around the corner. Codemasters knows that, and has supercharged F1 2017 with more career features and event types.
It's not easy becoming the champ
Like most modern racing titles, F1 2017 offers a goal that's greater than just winning a race. The single-player campaign instead puts you in the shoes of a career racer with one goal. Become the world champion. Even that goal can become a slog, as past racing games haven proven. Codemasters has learned to combat that issue by giving players more to do between races, thanks to a set of features that arrived in last year's F1 2016.
Codemasters has learned to give players more to do between races in F1 2017.
Instead of quickly jetting from race to race, players will have to make decisions on new racing hardware, and keep their racer in tip-top shape by repairing any damage incurred. This is accomplished through development points, which are – of course — earned by racing.
Don't think that means Codemasters has turned F1 2017 into a team-management game. While such elements will be present, they aren't overly involved. Players won't be managing other racers. You just worry about the No. 1.
Management can only go so far, however, in mixing up gameplay. The new F1 goes a step further by adding new event types, such as chase events, where gamers must overtake several other cars within a set time. We played one such event in our demo, and climbed the ranks past a trio of competitors in just a few minutes.
This variety is likely good for gameplay, though it'll be interesting to see how the option is received by players. F1 2017, unlike most racing games, is trying to replicate a specific motorsport. Fans often expect such titles to be true to life, even at the expense of fun.
Real speed
Sitting down for a round of F1 at a press conference is in many ways like playing any other racing game. Codemasters puts us in front of an expensive simulation rig, complete with a button-filled F1 wheel, and then promptly turned on all the assists to make sure we wouldn't wound our pride by flying into a barrier at the first corner.
That made it hard to judge the fine details of the game's physics model, but one thing was obvious — F1 2017, like its predecessors, moves fast. It always moves fast.
Even the slowest cars in F1 outperform all but the fastest in Forza or Gran Turismo. Combine that with the low-slung F1 camera angle, and you end up with a sense of speed that's normally reserved for racing games set in sci-fi cities.
Speed can be a rush. Our confidence slowly built with each lap, and in response we pushed our machine harder. By the last lap, we were swinging around corners at twice the speed as the first. But make no mistake – F1 2017 is all about adrenaline. It's a pure rush, and a handful of races with alternative formats isn't going change that.
A solid iteration on a solid franchise
F1 2016 was widely praised, and it appears F1 2017 will continue in the tradition of what made that game a hit with fans. While we're not sure how some players will react to the new event types, they should provide some variety, and make the season mode less of a slog.
Theoretically, the game has plenty of competitors, as numerous racing games were announced at this year's E3. Yet there's nothing quite like F1. It's a game that goes all-in on realism, yet asks you to perform feats of speed that seem unreal.
An appeal has been launched to track down a 79-year-old woman who has gone missing.
Betty Walsh was last seen in Lyndhurst Road in Benton, Newcastle, at around 11.30am this morning.
She has Alzheimer's and could possibly be in a confused state.
She is described as 5ft tall with grey hair and was wearing a red Duffle coat.
She wears glasses and is believed to have a small brown leather shoulder handbag with her.
Northumbria Police say it is possible Betty may have got on a bus in the area.
Anyone who has seen her either in Benton or on a local bus is asked to contact police on 101 quoting reference 357 020117.
Find out everything you need to know about Paul Rudd and Evangeline Lilly's Marvel team-up adventure
The sequel to 2015's Ant-Man is coming out soon, with Paul Rudd back as the shrinking superhero alongside newly-powered partner Evangeline Lilly.
Advertisement
After Avengers: Infinity War audiences will be excited to see what's next from the Marvel Cinematic Universe – so why do UK fans have to wait so much longer? Find out everything you need to know about the new film below.
When is Ant-Man and the Wasp released in UK cinemas?
The film will be released in the UK on Friday 3rd August, which is significantly later than when it's released in the US and many other countries around the world.
Across the pond audiences are getting Ant-Man and the Wasp a month earlier on the 6th of July, for various complicated reasons that we've gone into in more depth elsewhere.
In short: we're probably getting it later because of Incredibles 2's late release and the World Cup.
Is there a trailer?
Yes, quite a few! Here's one you can watch now.
Who's in the cast?
Paul Rudd, Evangeline Lilly, Michael Peña, Michael Douglas, Bobby Cannavale, Judy Greer, David Dastmalchian, T.I. Harris and Abby Ryder Fortson return to the series after first appearing in Ant-Man.
Meanwhile, new actors joining the film include Michelle Pfeiffer as Janet van Dyne (the original Wasp), Walton Goggins as low-life criminal Sonny Burch, Laurence Fishburne as Bill Foster (a superhero called Black Goliath in the comics) and Hannah John-Kamen as Ghost, a criminal who can pass through solid matter.
What is going to happen?
The film takes place before many of the events in Avengers: Infinity War, and sees Scott (Rudd) under house arrest after battling the government in 2016's Captain America: Civil War.
However, he's pulled back into superhero-ing when a superpowered criminal (John-Kamen) steals special Pym technology that threatens the world.
Now, Scott will team up with The Wasp (Lilly) to defeat Ghost, help Hank Pym (Douglas) and maybe even rescue the original Wasp (Pfeiffer) from the mysterious Quantum Realm.
What is the Quantum realm?
As seen in the original Ant-Man, the Quantum realm is an alternate dimension where the rules of space and time are irrelevant, reached by shrinking subatomically or by mystical transportation.
The original Wasp, Janet van Dyne, ended up trapped there after shrinking between the molecules of a missile to disarm it, and second Ant-Man Scott Lang nearly shared her fate in his first film before devising a way to return.
The new film will see Hank Pym try to explore the Quantum realm and look for his wife Janet, with some terrible consequences.
Will there be a post-credits scene?
Given that this film leads into two very eagerly-anticipated Marvel movies – February's Captain Marvel and May's Avengers: Infinity War sequel – we'd say it's a near-certainty, with one or more post-credits scenes likely to tease one or both of the upcoming films.
After all, Ant-Man is rumoured to play a pretty important role in Avengers 4…
How will Ant-Man and the Wasp tie into Avengers: Infinity War?
As noted above, Ant-Man and the Wasp is mostly set before the shocking conclusion to Avengers: Infinity War, but we'd be VERY surprised if the new film doesn't tie in with the earlier movie's events by the end of its runtime.
Advertisement
Whether that's just through a post-credits scene or whether we'll actually see a whole load of Ant-Man's friends and family start to dissolve at the end of the movie is anyone's guess, but we're betting it's going to be brutal. And just the way to cap off a fun, family-friendly movie!
IMAX has been teasing its VR centers for almost a year now. Since then, we've seen other cinema chains, such as MK2 in Paris, construct similar installations dedicated to virtual immersion. The idea is simple: most people have never tried the Oculus Rift or HTC Vive, due to a lack of funds or space in their living room. There's also a group of people who just want to try the occasional experience -- if you're a climbing fan, for instance, you might want to play Sólfar Studios' Everest VR, but little else. With IMAX VR, you can now access these experiences on a pay-as-you-go basis.
At launch, IMAX has a mixture of immersive games and movies including Star Wars: Trials on Tatooine, Eagle Flight and The Walk. To stand out, IMAX is also working on exclusive content. It's not ready just yet, but the company has raised $50 million to aid its development and the construction of additional VR centers. These are planned for New York, California, China and the UK. Before they're built, IMAX needs to prove that the business model works. While there's interested in VR, it's not clear how many people want to try and pay for the experience on a regular basis.
Alaba market leadership crisis deepens
By Tony Udemba
The lingering crisis over the leadership of Alaba International Amalgamated Traders Association in Ojo Local Government Area of Lagos State, recently took a swing as the founding President and Chairman, Board of Trustees, Fancy and Furniture Dealers Association (FFDA), Chief Alex Emechebe, has lampooned those clamouring for the removal of Emeka Mozoba as the President of the association, saying that Mozoba, the current Chairman of FFDA, remains the authentic Chairman of Alaba International Amalgamated Traders Association.
He insisted that Mozoba, like other past leaders, must be allowed to serve out his full tenure and would not be intimidated or stampeded out by any group of persons under whatever nomenclature. He added that, “the call for his removal from office was mischievous and unacceptable to the members of FFDA.”
Emechebe described those behind the call for Mozoba to step down, as those who had no true knowledge about the history of the formation of Alaba International Amalgamated Traders Association, even as he posited that, “no one can remove Mozoba as the President because it is the turn of FFDA to head the association.”
Speaking to Daily Sun in his office in Lagos recently, he disclosed how the association was formed in 1990 during the regime of Brig-Gen. Raji Rasaki as the military governor of Lagos State. He said, “during the time of Raji Rasaki as the military governor of Lagos State, there was a time Alaba International Market was closed down due to fracas between some touts operating in the market and the police, which led to the destruction of Ojo police station, together with police vehicles.
“As leaders from various associations in the market then, we followed up the matter with keen interest, and while doing so, we discovered the need for all associations to come together under one umbrella to speak louder with one voice. That was how we formed Alaba International Amalgamated Traders Association.”
Emechebe, who is also a member of Board of Trustees of the association noted that the association as a central union of all the associations in the market was created to protect the interests of traders, make the market environment safe and peaceful in order to attract customers from within and outside the country.
This post was syndicated from The Sun News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
YOU JUST SAW:
Pope Francis walks to his chair for his weekly general audience, in St. Peter's Square, at the Vatican, Wednesday, Oct. 4, 2017. (L'Osservatore Romano/Pool Photo via AP)
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Many of the vitamin and mineral supplements people regularly take in the hope of boosting their health, actually have no medical benefits, a major study says.
Some of them could actually increase the risk of death, scientists claim. Their research found that only folic acid is actually proven to reduce risks of heart disease or stroke.
They looked at five years of reviews of all the most commonly taken supplements, incl­uding vitamins A, B1, B2, B3 (niacin), B6, B9 (folic acid), C, D and E.
Multivitamins, vitamin C and D and calcium made no difference in preventing cardiovascular disease, heart attacks, strokes or early death.
But B3 and antioxidants showed a very small increased risk of death from any cause. Lead author Dr David Jenkins, University of Toronto, said: “We were surprised to find so few positive effects of the most common supplements.
“Our review found that if you want to use multivitamins, vitamin D, calcium or vitamin C, it does no harm, but there is no apparent advantage, either.
In the absence of significant positive data, apart from folic acid's potential reduction in the risk of stroke or heart disease, it's most beneficial to rely on a healthy diet to get your fill of vitamins and minerals.”
The study, of reviews from January 2012 to October 2017 and published in the Journal of the American College of Cardiology yesterday, added people with specific deficiencies should take supplements according to professional advice.
In 2016, Public Health England recommended taking vitamin D tablets daily, reports the Mirror.
NHS Choices gives advice for people at risk of deficiencies.
It adds: “Most people get the vitamins and minerals they need by eating a healthy, balanced diet.
"Taking [supplements] too much may be harmful.”
This story was first reported by Belfast Live.
You've heard my speech from the soapbox: Backup your iPhone photos. A little device called Fotofami couldn't make it easier. In fact, it's shaped like a little thin box that will travel well in a pocket. It works by getting to know the faces of family and friends in those pictures while fiercely defending them []
(via Cult of Mac - Tech and culture through an Apple lens)
Photo Credit: Thinkstock
Meal on the Run
Busy urbanites are always grabbing a slice of pizza to keep their bellies happy as they rush around the city that never sleeps, so why not turn that daily occurrence into a foodie fitness challenge?
The NYC Pizza Run, now in its eighth year, is a 5K run where competitors must also scarf down two slices en route to the finish line. It's either a thought that will make you vomit or the only way you're ever running a three-mile race.
Winners of the race will earn cheesy prizes like tickets to Scott's Pizza Tours and pizza pool floats.
This year's race takes place in Fort Greene Park on September 17, so you have over a month to prepare both your leg muscles and your taste buds.
Tickets are $60. On top of running the race, you'll receive an official NYC Pizza Run t-shirt, a pizza gift bag, and a free drink at the after party at DSK Brooklyn – Die Stammkneipe. A portion of the proceeds will also be donated to the Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation.
Photo Credit: Thinkstock
Meet the Bookworm of Your Dreams
Circle Wednesday, August 16, on your calendar because it might just be the day you find your literary soul mate.
Read Dating > Speed Dating at the Strand Book Store gathers book addicts who are looking for love. Instead of grasping for conversation starters, rest easy knowing you and your suitors already have your love of reading in common.
As if you need more convincing, there will also be pizza (including vegetarian, vegan, and gluten free options) and wine on hand to put your belly and mind at ease.
This week's edition is Men Seeking Women and Women Seeking Men, but be on the lookout for other events accommodating all daters.
Register in advance — it's just $10 — as there won't be any sign ups at the door. After that, all that's left to do is brace yourself for Cupid's arrow.
Photo Credit: Thinkstock
Jazz It Up
The Jazzmobile (yes, you read that correctly) is coming to Brooklyn Bridge Park.
New York City's favorite traveling jazz venue was founded in 1964, bringing musical around to audiences through free events. Jazzmobile also operates educational programs supported through nonprofit recording and music publishing efforts.
Whether you're a novice or a huge fan of the genre, these concerts will put some soul in your week.
Tonight at 7 p.m., The Eric Person Band will perform with the Jazz Master Houston Person and special guests Central Brooklyn Jazz. So pack a picnic and bring a blanket to Pier 1's Harbor View Lawn for the best music with an equally stunning view.
Lions New Year's party for Guide Dogs & Autism.
The party is at 386 Blake Street, Barrie & starts at 6:30 PM December 31st
Join us for dinner, dancing, champagne and midnight snacks, plus much more!
All proceeds go towards Guide Dogs & Autism
For reservations and where to get tickets phone 705 735 2727 (Lions Gate Banquet Centre) or 705 623 343480 (Fox's Bakery) or Lions Den 705 881 6384.
Purchase your ticket before December 26th for a discount!
How can a genuinely democratic, equitable and sustainable society be created? Donate to order this gift now!
NORTH BAY, Ont. — Another member of Team Kevin Koe is leaving the rink after missing the podium at last month's Winter Olympics.
After a four-year run with the Calgary team, second Brent Laing is departing to join a new-look Team John Epping next season.
The announcement came two weeks after Koe third Marc Kennedy said he'd be taking a break from competitive curling. Koe and lead Ben Hebert have yet to announce their plans for the 2018-19 campaign.
“We talked about staying together and we looked at different options and it became pretty clear that just for whatever reason — circumstance, choices, what everybody was looking for — it's just the three of us weren't going to end up together,” Laing told The Canadian Press on Monday.
Epping announced earlier in the day that his team would be making changes at the end of the season. Second Patrick Janssen and lead Tim March will be leaving while Mat Camm remains at third.
Laing, who arrived in North Bay on Monday to watch wife Jennifer Jones play at the world women's curling championship, will reunite with lead Craig Savill on the new team. They won national and world titles together with skip Glenn Howard in 2007 and 2012.
Epping, who won the Canadian Open in 2015, recently won bronze at the Tim Hortons Brier. The 34-year-old skip is currently ranked eighth in the world.
“I know I've been around awhile but there are still lots of things on my bucket list that I need to check off,” Epping said from Toronto. “I think that the best move for me is to bring them on to help do that.”
A message left with Koe was not immediately returned.
It has been a busy post-Olympic free agency period on the domestic curling scene. Several top teams are rejigging their lineups as they look ahead to the next quadrennial.
Canada won mixed doubles gold at the Pyeongchang Games. However, in a major surprise, both four-player teams — Koe on the men's side and Ottawa's Rachel Homan in the women's event — missed the podium.
Canada won gold in the men's and women's competitions at the 2014 Games in Sochi.
——
Follow @GregoryStrongCP on Twitter.
Emergency wait times at the Gympie Hospital have increased but, the department's spokesman says all of the sickest patients were treated within clinically recommended time frames.
Emergency wait times at the Gympie Hospital have increased but, the department's spokesman says all of the sickest patients were treated within clinically recommended time frames. Kevin Farmer
MORE than a quarter of patients were left waiting at Gympie's Emergency Department past recommended times last month.
The latest hospital performance data shows that in Gympie in March, 28% of Emergency Department patients were not seen within clinically recommended times; a 2% rise from February.
In the same month of March, patients also waited in an ambulance longer than the designated 30 minutes.
While the figures also show the most critically sick were attended to in recommended time, member for Gympie Tony Perrett says the alarming figures show the health service is moving backwards and forcing community-based groups to fill the health gap.
"These aren't just numbers, they are real people in real emergencies who are struggling to get the healthcare they need,” Mr Perrett said.
"We are not only losing ground we are going backwards.”
"This is the same government which will not update us on the progress of the Gympie Hospital Masterplan which was released two years ago.”
Kevin Hegarty regional health boss, Mark McArdle the shadow health spokesman and Gympie MP Tony Perrett at the Gympie hospital.Photo Renee Albrecht/Gympie Times Renee Albrecht
The sentiments echoed LNP leader Deb Frecklington who said the result was a lack in funding for front line services - an issue that Queensland premier Annastacia Palaszczuk promised to improve.
"Queenslanders deserve a world-class health system that Labor isn't delivering,” she said.
Sunshine Coast Hospital and Health Service Director of Emergency Medicine Dr Benjamin Close said despite almost 350 more patients attending Gympie's emergency department last month, compared with February, all of the sickest patients were treated within clinically recommended time frames.
"Emergency departments are extremely busy places and patients are categorised (1 to 5, with 1 being the most urgent) so that they can be seen based on clinical urgency rather than on a first-in, first-served basis,” Dr Close said.
"One hundred per cent of our sickest (category 1) patients are treated within clinically recommended wait times at all our emergency departments.
"At Gympie Hospital, 2454 patients attended the emergency department in March 2018 (up from 2196 in February), with the median wait time for treatment being just 16 minutes.
"We acknowledge that some patients who are less sick may have to wait longer than recommended for treatment.
"Our emergency departments are appropriately staffed by highly-trained health professionals who pride themselves on providing safe, quality care to our community.”
Two-time defending champions Real Madrid will face big-spending Paris Saint-Germain in the standout tie of the Champions League last 16.
Madrid were a daunting prospect in Monday's draw after finishing second in Group H behind Tottenham, and it is PSG who have pulled the short straw.
The two-legged ties will see Neymar renew his rivalry with Real Madrid, the former Barcelona striker having scored three times against them during his time in LaLiga.
Neymar will also be keen to get the better of Cristiano Ronaldo as he looks to show he has the ability to challenge for future Ballon d'Or honours.
Worringly for Unai Emery – who has never won in his 10 matches at Santiago Bernabeu – PSG have failed to win any of their previous three meetings with Los Blancos, failing to score in the past two ties.
The round of 16 #UCLdraw has been made 😍
Backing your team to progress? pic.twitter.com/v7I6dSq7Tc — ★ #UCLdraw ★ (@ChampionsLeague) December 11, 2017
Another key tie will see Chelsea and Barcelona lock horns once again, the two sides have played each other 10 times in the knockout stages – a record only eclipsed by Bayern Munich and Real Madrid (16).
For the first time in European competition Juventus will meet Tottenham, while there will be a battle of recent Europa League winners when Sevilla take on current champions Manchester United.
Runaway Premier League leaders Manchester City face Basel over two legs, while Jurgen Klopp's Liverpool were drawn with Porto.
A Bayern Munich side reinvigorated under Jupp Heynckes will have to overcome a tricky test against Besiktas, and the final tie sees Shakhtar Donetsk meet Roma.
Get the Better newsletter. SUBSCRIBE
Rodent prognosticator Punxsutawney Phil saw his shadow this morning portending six more weeks of winter. This prediction comes on the heels of one of the coldest winters in recent memory. Is there anyone you know in the eastern half of the country not lamenting about the cold? I don't think I've started a conversation in the last two months with anything other than a litany of woes related to the arctic cold that has gripped so much of the nation. If my dog could talk he'd have had plenty to complain about too, as I couldn't muster the nerve the take him out for his usual long walks when the days began at frigid temperatures.
And while, yes, it's been unusually cold for a protracted amount of time, I have to wonder why I'm always so shocked when — gasp! — it's cold in the wintertime. Every year it seems to come as an utter surprise that I need to bundle up come January. And, like many Americans, I want to hibernate as soon as the holiday festivities are over, wistfully dreaming of sunshine and blue skies as I count the days till spring.
But what if there were another way to spend winter? What if we could look at it as a season to enjoy, even embrace? Sound impossible? Not if you're Norwegian, says Kari Leibowitz, a psychology researcher who lived in Tromsø, Norway as part of U.S. Norway Fulbright grant. She went to study wintertime mindset above the Arctic Circle, a part of the world where winter reaches Game of Thrones proportions. Her time abroad included the Polar Night, the stretch from November to January when the sun doesn't rise at all.
Why would anyone subject themselves to that?
“Recently we've started to look to Scandinavia as models of the good life,” Leibowitz tells NBC News BETTER. “They have this reputation for being very happy. That's certainly why I went to study — how can they be this happy when it's cold and dark?” Along the way the avowed cold-hater herself — who moved to Atlanta for college to escape the northeast winters — picked up a few lessons.
So what can we learn from the Nordic embrace of their long winter to help us get through our, come on, admittedly shorter (and usually) tamer cold months?
First, accept that winter is a real thing
“Even when it was below freezing [when I lived] in New Jersey,” Leibowitz says, she would just throw a coat over her jeans and regular clothes, “and then I'd be surprised when my legs got cold!” When we can surmount so many other obstacles (such as there's nothing to make for dinner) through modern miracles like grocery or meal delivery, it's easy to forget that some things, like weather, are non-negotiable. It's much easier to see cold weather as an inconvenience when we won't actually acknowledge it, says Leibowitz.
And prepare accordingly
In Norway, people dress appropriately, Leibowitz says. Their winter clothes are actual winter clothes that protect them from the cold and let them be outside in the snow and teeny digit temps. Since returning from her arctic studies, Leibowitz slides a pair of woolen leggings under her jeans before she heads out in the Jersey cold, she says. They also do things like, oh, insulate their houses sufficiently in northern climates. (I might not be whining so much about my freezing, drafty old house if we'd invested in some serious insulation!)
(AP Photo/Charles Rex Arbogast). Chicago Bulls' Lauri Markkanen, left, listens to Quincy Pondexter on the bench during the first half of an NBA basketball game against the Boston Celtics, Monday, Dec. 11, 2017, in Chicago.
(AP Photo/Charles Rex Arbogast). Boston Celtics' Jayson Tatum, left, drives to the basket as Chicago Bulls' Denzel Valentine defends during the first half of an NBA basketball game Monday, Dec. 11, 2017, in Chicago.
(AP Photo/Charles Rex Arbogast). Chicago Bulls' Bobby Portis signals after his three-point basket as Boston Celtics' Daniel Theis follows during the first half of an NBA basketball game Monday, Dec. 11, 2017, in Chicago.
(AP Photo/Charles Rex Arbogast). Boston Celtics' Jaylen Brown, right, pressures Chicago Bulls' David Nwaba during the first half of an NBA basketball game Monday, Dec. 11, 2017, in Chicago.
By ANDREW SELIGMAN
AP Sports Writer
CHICAGO (AP) - Nikola Mirotic and Bobby Portis are starting to draw attention for their play together instead of their fight with each other.
Mirotic scored 24 points, Portis added a career-high 23 and the Chicago Bulls blew out Boston 108-85 on Monday night with Celtics star Kyrie Irving sidelined because of a bruised left quadriceps.
Owners of the NBA's worst record, the Bulls (6-20) built an 18-point lead in the second quarter against the Eastern Conference leaders. And when Boston cut it to 12 in the fourth, the Bulls simply pulled away for their third straight win.
Leading the way were two players who made headlines for all the wrong reasons before the season started.
Their fight at practice left Mirotic with facial fractures, causing him to miss the first 23 games. Portis served an eight-game suspension.
But the two have played well together the past two games.
"We need to give the credit to (coach Fred Hoiberg)," Mirotic said. "Fred is the one who is making us play. He's the guy who is calling the plays for us and putting us in the right spots to play."
As for the fight?
"Man, that situation's over," Portis said. "Everybody's talking about that. But that doesn't matter anymore. We're just trying to win games."
Mirotic made his first start of the season with leading scorer Lauri Markkanen sidelined because of back spasms and shot 9 of 14 with eight rebounds. Through three games, the 6-foot-10 forward is averaging 16.3 points.
Portis shot 10 of 15 and nailed all three 3-pointers.
Al Horford scored 15 for Boston (23-6). Jaylen Brown, Marcus Smart and Terry Rozier added 13 points apiece in the Celtics' most lopsided loss of the season.
"Sometimes you get your butt kicked. It was simple as that," coach Brad Stevens said. "Chicago dictated the whole game. They played harder than we did. They played with more presence than we did. They played more competitive than we did. They played with more authority than we did. You're not going to win many games when you play like that."
PULLING AWAY
Boston got within 12 in the fourth quarter before Portis hit a 20-footer and Mirotic made a 3 to make it 90-73 with just under eight minutes left. The Bulls remained in control the rest of the way.
Mirotic came through with 16 points as Chicago grabbed a 56-42 halftime lead. Portis scored 15 in the first half.
The Bulls wiped out a four-point deficit and led 52-34 after a 24-2 run in the second quarter. Portis scored 10 during that stretch, nailing two 3s, and Mirotic finished it with a short hook.
QUOTABLE
"It feels like it's March, but if it's not," said Mirotic, who has averaged 16.5 points in March during his career - more than in any other month.
TIP-INS
Celtics: Stevens said he doesn't expect Irving to be out long, though he added: "Who knows with muscular injuries." ... Stevens also said doctors will re-evaluate F Marcus Morris' ailing left knee on Tuesday. Morris sat out for the second straight night and the third time in four games. He also missed the first eight games of the season. ... Horford had five assists. ... Boston's 85 points were a season low.
Bulls: Markkanen participated in the morning shootaround and got treatment afterward. But coach Fred Hoiberg said the prized rookie's back continued to tighten. ... Kris Dunn had 12 points, his career-high fifth straight game in double digits. ... David Nwaba had 13 points and six rebounds.
UP NEXT
Celtics: Host Denver on Wednesday.
Bulls: Host Utah on Wednesday.
___
More NBA basketball: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
NEW YORK — To the Trump administration, the recovered missile fragments were incontrovertible proof that Iran was illicitly arming Yemen's Houthi rebels. Yet Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif brushed it off Tuesday as little more than cheese puffs.
During a visit to New York, the Iranian diplomat accused U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley of displaying fabricated evidence that missiles lobbed by the Houthis at civilian areas in Saudi Arabia originated in Iran. Though Tehran supports the Shiite rebel group, it firmly denies giving them missiles. But Haley has invited journalists and U.N. Security Council diplomats to inspect missile parts recovered after strikes on Saudi Arabia, bearing what U.S. military officials said were Iranian markings and characteristics.
Zarif, in an Associated Press interview, said that one such logo was from the Standard Institute of Iran, which he said regulates consumer goods — not weapons.
“It's a sign of quality,” Zarif said. “When people want to buy it, they look at whether it's been tested by the Standard Institute of Iran that your cheese puffs are good, your cheese puffs will not give you a stomach ache.”
He laughed and added, “I mean, nobody will put the logo of the Standard Institute of Iran on a piece of missile.”
Zarif also pointed to a truck-size section of a missile that the U.S. said was recovered in Saudi Arabia and was transferred to a military base near Washington, where it was on display behind Haley for a photo-op. Zarif noted that the missile had been supposedly shot down in mid-air.
“I'm not saying Ambassador Haley is fabricating, but somebody is fabricating the evidence she is showing,” Zarif said.
Some of the fragments Haley presented, if authentic, would seem to implicate Iran's military industry more directly, including some with the logo of Shahid Bakeri Industrial Group, an Iranian defence entity under U.S. sanctions. Haley said others had clear “Iranian missile fingerprints,” such as short-range ballistic missiles that lacked large stabilizers — a feature she said only Iran's Qiam missiles have.
“Just imagine if this missile had been launched at Dulles Airport or JFK, or the airports in Paris, London or Berlin,” Haley told reporters late last year. “That's what we're talking about here.”
Tehran's denials aside, there's broad agreement among the United Nations, Western countries and the Persian Gulf's Arab leaders that Iran has armed the Houthis with ballistic missiles, even though U.N. Security Council resolutions prohibit it. With U.S. support, a Saudi-led coalition fighting in Yemen's civil war has been bombing the Houthis, who control the capital Sanaa and much of northern Yemen.
Yet Iran's opponents have struggled to provide foolproof evidence to back up their claims, creating an opening for Iran to deny. After Haley's presentations at Joint Base Anacostia-Bolling, some national security experts raised questions, even drawing parallels to Secretary of State Colin Powell's 2003 speech to the U.N. making the case for the Iraq War.
The fragments Haley presented were turned over to the U.S. by Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates — two of Iran's fiercest critics — and U.S. military officials had trouble tracing the fragments' chain of custody. Nor could they say when the weapons were transferred to the Houthis or in some cases precisely when they were launched.
It would be all right to permanently edit the genes of babies so long as researchers were doing it for the health of the children, and with proper oversight, a panel of experts said Tuesday.
But society needs to discuss what would constitute going too far — for instance, making designer babies that are stronger or more beautiful than they would naturally be, the panel appointed by the National Academy of Medicine said.
A cloned human embryo is seen in this file photo. Centre for Life File
Right now, such genetic manipulation of human embryos isn't known to be possible, and no one could do it in the U.S. The Food and Drug Administration would have to approve it and is barred by Congress from using its funding to consider anything that involved changing a human embryo.
It might be possible down the road, and labs in other countries might do it, the committee said in its report. Groups using private funding may also do what they like, although they could not offer treatments to people or tests involving humans in the U.S. without FDA approval.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Embed New Stem Cell Therapy Helps "Bubble Baby" Children 1:50 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
And if someone finds a way to prevent disease using these techniques, there would be a clamor for it to be made available.
"However, genome editing to enhance traits or abilities beyond ordinary health raises concerns about whether the benefits can outweigh the risks, and about fairness if available only to some people," said Alta Charo, a bioethicist at the University of Wisconsin who helped chair the panel.
Gene therapy is still experimental. The idea is to treat genetic disease by replacing faulty genes with healthy ones. But the technique is imprecise.
Related: Three-Parent Babies Are OK, Experts Say
Gene editing is a big step up from simple gene therapy. New techniques, such as one called CRISPR, allow scientists to precisely alter genes in a much more controlled way than before, offering the possibility that embryos could be changed not only to prevent the development of genetic diseases, but to prevent any resulting children from passing harmful traits to their own offspring.
“ Using the technology to increase someone's muscle strength to the extreme end of human capacity (or beyond) would almost certainly be considered enhancement.”
In 2015, Chinese scientists caused an uproar by trying to permanently edit the DNA of human embryos — creating genetic changes that could be passed from generation to generation.
One obvious question is whether labs might try to offer parents babies that are prettier, smarter or stronger than the genetic lottery would otherwise allow them to be. It's not so easy: even eye color is not controlled by a single gene or even a few genes, and there are no known genes for intelligence.
Related: Three-Parent Babies Are an Ethical Choice
But a genetic disease such as muscular dystrophy is caused by easily measured genetic mutations, and it's possible that finding a genetic cure for MD might lead to ways to make healthy babies more muscular, the panel said.
"And using the technology to increase someone's muscle strength to the extreme end of human capacity (or beyond) would almost certainly be considered enhancement," the report reads.
That's when people might need to start thinking about how far is too far to go in improving children.
Related: Baby Born Using Three-Parent Technique
Tests for so-called germline editing for people would be ethically acceptable if there were no reasonable alternatives; if it was being done to prevent a serious disease or condition and if the genes being changed were clearly shown to cause the condition, the panel recommended.
Any change should resemble naturally occurring genetic sequences, not introduce some exotic change to DNA, the panel added. Data should be openly shared and there should be oversight, it added.
Some of the better known genetic diseases include muscular dystrophy, cystic fibrosis and the premature aging disease progeria, but there are dozens more.
Between the 1940s and 1980s, coal miners in Ontario went through a strange ritual at the start of every work day: Take off their street clothes, enter a room where their work clothes hung, and as soon as the doors closed, watch the room fill with black powder that they were told to inhale, reports the Toronto Star.
The aluminum dust, known as McIntyre Powder, had been tested on a small number of animals and was believed to help prevent miners from getting lung disease.
Nowadays, experts say aluminum is a known neurotoxin in the bloodstream, and a group led by the concerned daughter of a miner has tracked down enough miners with neurological disorders to compel scientists to study whether there's a link.
“Small pieces of him get taken away every day,” Janice Martell says of her father. “It's hard to watch. I just felt so helpless.” Martell is leading the effort to round up the health histories of miners forced to inhale the dust, and even though the miners she's talked to do not constitute a random sample—in seeking out miners with problems, numbers could look worse than they are—she's found seven miners with ALS out of just over 300, where in the general population it only occurs twice per 100,000, reports the CBC.
“This number jumps out at you,” says a public health expert. “This might be telling us something.” Scientists at Hamilton's McMaster University, where a lab can test aluminum levels non-invasively, are now getting involved, looking specifically at how much of the dust made it into miners' bloodstream.
“I felt mad,” says a retired miner. “A sick feeling, that we were used like guinea pigs.” (In Venezuela, gold miners are facing a resurgent health woe.)
This article originally appeared on Newser: Powder Meant to Save Miners May Be Killing Them Instead
President Buhari meets APC Governors in Aso Rock
President Muhammadu Buhari on Tuesday met behind closed door with governors elected on the platform of the ruling All Progressive Congress(APC) at the Presidential villa, Abuja. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reliably gathered that the meeting would discuss national issues including the forthcoming APC's national convention slated for May 14 in Abuja. Already the leadership of the party has written the Independent National Electoral Commission to intimate it of plans to hold congresses and convention across the country.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The NEWS. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
MANILA — Sen. Antonio Trillanes IV moved on Wednesday, to subpoena the chief of the Bureau of Corrections (BuCor) to get answers on the purported grant of special treatment to high-profile convicts held at Camp Aguinaldo in exchange for testifying against Sen. Leila de Lima on the alleged Bilibid drug
trade.
Trillanes made the motion to subpoena BuCor Director General Benjamin delos Santos after the latter missed the Senate hearing on jail reform on Wednesday.
At a committee hearing he chaired, Trillanes noted the absence of Delos Santos, saying he had wanted answers on the latest controversy hounding the BuCor over the alleged perks accorded convicts while jailed at a military custodial facility, including the use of mobile phones, access to internet connection, smart television sets and
airconditioning unit.
ADVERTISEMENT
“Given the circumstances and developments regarding the BuCor, we will have to subpoena him (Delos Santos),” Trillanes told a hearing of the Senate committee on civil service, government reorganization and professional organization Wednesday afternoon.
The Senate committee chairman said Delos Santos had confirmed his attendance at the committee hearing which tackled the proposed measure that would integrate agencies currently handling jail and corrections,
including the BuCor and the Bureau of jail Management and Penology.
The BuCor chief was seen at the Senate premises when Trillanes' committee hearing had just started. He was represented at the hearing by BuCor Deputy Director Martin Perfecto.
Sen. Leila de Lima echoed Trillanes and said: “We would have wanted Director General Delos Santos to be here to shed light on the latest issue.”
Trillanes said rumors about the VIP treatment were widely known among officers at the military headquarters.
“Putok na putok ito sa GHQ (This has gone all around the general headquarters). [It is] open knowledge that the Bilibid convicts are being given VIP treatment,” he said, adding that he has remained in the loop on goings-on at the camp, having once served there.
De Lima was the first to reveal the apparent quid pro quo that was purportedly granted by Justice Secretary Vitaliano Aguirre II, who exercises supervisory powers over BuCor, for convicts who testified before a House of Representatives hearing on the senator's alleged involvement in the Bilibid drug trade.
Eight inmates were moved to the Armed Forces of the Philippines (AFP) in from New Bilibid Prisons in September at the height of the congressional hearings.
A Dec. 9 confidential memorandum by BuCor Legal Office Chief Alvin Herrera Lim, which recounted a Dec. 2 meeting among representatives of the military, the Philippine National Police and BuCor, showed that an AFP investigation found contraband at the convicts' cells.
Aguirre has, however, denied issuing any order to grant preferential treatment to the convicts. The BuCor has meanwhile relieved jail guards posted at the military facility.
Trillanes, a former Navy official and once detained for mutiny, also invited soldiers who inspected the custodial facility and asked military officials for a copy of the AFP investigation report. SFM
An attack on one of us is an attack on all of us. That's what Congressman Bob Latta of Bowling Green said about Wednesday morning's tragedy.
Rep. Latta was just with Majority Whip Steve Scalise on Monday night, just two days before Scalise was shot during a practice for the Congressional charity baseball game.
Senator Sherrod Brown of Ohio played in the game many times over the years, as a center fielder and lead-off man for the Democrats. He was stunned by what happened on Wednesday morning.
“The last thing you'd think about, shagging flies in center field or rounding second on a single to right and you're going to third, the last thing you think about is that somebody would take a shot at you so I can't imagine what that must have been like on the field,” Senator Brown said.
Congressman Steve Scalise is no stranger to Toledo. He and Rep. Latta were Jerry Anderson's guests on Leading Edge on September 7, 2014, talking about health care, border security, and their friendship.
“I understand they have offices next to each other. They've served about the same time. They sit next to each other in committee,” Anderson said at the end of the interview.
Latta remembered it as a "great conversation" and said today that he and Scalise have stayed good friends.
“Steve is a very outgoing guy and very personable and has a lot of close friends around here on both sides of the aisle. But I think when you have a tragedy like this, I think it brings us all back together again and makes us all remember that we're all Americans,” Latta said from Washington, D.C. over the phone.
Latta said he thinks the officers on the scene prevented "a terrible number of deaths."
Congresswoman Marcy Kaptur of Toledo released a statement about the incident this morning.
“My thoughts and prayers are with Congressman Scalise and the staff who were injured during today's tragic act of violence. Thank you to the brave first responders and may the angels of mercy heal our wounded colleagues, their staff and others who were harmed. Let the power of civil order and peace, not violence, rise across our nation."
Senator Rob Portman of Ohio sent a Tweet, saying, "The @CapitolPolice put their lives on the line every day to protect the public & members of Congress. They are true heroes."
The @CapitolPolice put their lives on the line every day to protect the public & members of Congress. They are true heroes. — Rob Portman (@senrobportman) June 14, 2017
Senator Brown added, “We all are aware of how, you know, how life sometimes hands by a thread and Congressman Latta is right about that, that we stand together whenever there is tragedy, as we hope the whole country would.”
Follow WTOL:
Download our app here.
Copyright 2016 WTOL. All rights reserved.
TORONTO — Canadian writer and actor William (Bill) Whitehead has died.
HarperCollins Publishers says he died Thursday in Toronto after recently being diagnosed with terminal lung cancer.
He was 86.
Whitehead was known for his work at the CBC, where he wrote many seasons of “The Nature of Things,” for which he won several awards.
He was also the longtime partner of the late Canadian author Timothy Findley, with whom he collaborated on many radio and TV scripts, including the miniseries “The National Dream: Building the Impossible Railway.”
The two were together for over 40 years and met when the Regina-raised Whitehead was acting at the Red Barn Theatre in Jackson's Point, north of Toronto.
When Findley died, Whitehead edited a collection of his work in “Journeyman: Travels with a Writer,” published in 2003.
“Bill was the person who made (Findley's) life and art possible, creating the space that allowed (him) to write the works of fiction that made him one of the most beloved authors in the country,” Iris Tupholme, senior vice-president and executive publisher of HarperCollins Publishers Ltd., said in a statement.
“Although (Findley's) stature sometimes seemed to overshadow Bill's contributions, Bill was a successful actor, scriptwriter and author himself. Quick with a clever turn of phrase, a telling anecdote and an actor's skill at delivering a great punchline, Bill delighted in the world of the theatre and loved an audience.”
In 2012, Whitehead published the memoir “Words to Live By,” which was nominated for the Stephen Leacock Medal for humour.
Marc Cote, publisher of “Words to Live By,” said Whitehead had a “straight-ahead approach to life.”
“He tackled projects and adversity with a rare clarity of mind and good humour,” Cote said.
Tupholme described him as “fiercely loyal, generous and kind” and “a tireless advocate for writers, artists and actors.”
HarperCollins says at Whitehead's request, there will be no funeral or memorial service.
DETROIT — At least 40 girls and women said they were molested by a Michigan sports doctor over a 14-month period while the FBI at the same time was aware that Larry Nassar had been accused of molesting gymnasts, a newspaper reported Saturday.
The FBI became aware of Nassar in July 2015 when it was contacted by USA Gymnastics, which trains athletes for the Olympics. But he wasn't publicly exposed until The Indianapolis Star published allegations by a victim in 2016, The New York Times reported .
In the meantime, Nassar continued to see young female athletes, especially gymnasts, or dancers while working at Michigan State University. USA Gymnastics, where he was a team doctor, cut ties with him in 2015.
Nassar, 54, has been sentenced to 40 to 175 years in prison for sexual assault. He'll get another sentence Monday in Eaton County, Michigan. Both cases were filed by the Michigan attorney general under state law. Nassar admitted penetrating females with ungloved hands when they visited him for various injuries. The number of victims who have come forward exceeds 250, going back decades.
Federal authorities in Michigan ultimately charged Nassar with child pornography after police found thousands of images in his trash. That led to a separate 60-year prison sentence.
The Times said the FBI declined to answer detailed questions about how it handled assault allegations forwarded by Indianapolis-based USA Gymnastics. In a brief statement, the FBI told the newspaper that the allegations “transcended jurisdictions,” apparently a reference to Texas, Michigan and other places where Nassar was suspected of molesting people.
Asked why families and coaches weren't alerted, W. Jay Abbott, who led the FBI office in Indianapolis, said: “That's where things can get tricky.”
“There is a duty to warn those who might be harmed in the future,” said Abbott, who retired in January. “But everyone is still trying to ascertain whether a crime has been committed.”
He said “everybody has rights here,” including Nassar.
The Polk County Commission voted unanimously to appropriate $400,000 to the Board of Education at a special called meeting Tuesday,
PLEASE LOG IN FOR PREMIUM CONTENT Our website requires visitors to log in to view the best local news. Not yet a subscriber? Subscribe today
The video starts wide, then zooms in to the center of the Lagoon Nebula, located around 4,000 light years from Earth. Herschel 36 is the most prominent star, emitting powerful radiation and stellar winds that push dust away in "curtain-like sheets," NASA said. You can see dark, elephant trunk-shaped material that resists the erosion and serves as an incubator for new star formation.
NASA employed the Wide Field Camera 3, operating in the visible light range, to create the video. The fourth-generation instrument was only added to Hubble in 2009, and is the space telescope's highest resolution camera by far. NASA can also flip on a near-infrared channel, which penetrates much of the dust and reveals an incredible number of stars embedded in the Nebula, as shown in the image below.
Though public outreach is actually a pretty big part of its mission, Hubble is good for a lot more than just making pretty pictures. It's been a crucial instrument in exoplanet discovery, for instance, as it recently showed that the Trappist-1 planets may have water by scanning the starlight passing through their atmospheres.
It has also discovered new bodies within our own solar system, detected impact sites from the comet Shoemaker-Levy 9 on Jupiter and imaged "deep field" views revealing galaxies billions of light years away, including the farthest ever spotted, GN-z11. It also proved that black holes are common at the center of galaxies, rather than being rare as was thought.
Much like the Mars Opportunity rover, Hubble has already flown far, far, beyond its expected mission life, despite getting off to a very bad start with a flawed mirror. Its last servicing mission to install the aforementioned Wide Field Camera 3 was done in 2009 by the Space Shuttle Atlantis crew. Hubble will eventually be replaced by the James Webb Space Telescope (JWST), but NASA recently extended its mission life until at least 2021. Given the recent one-year launch delay for the JWST, it might need to go even longer than that.
New photos emerged Saturday of a new prototype of Iran's stealth fighter jet, previous models of which were mocked by aviation experts who predicted it “would never fly.”
The updated version of Qahar F-313 stealth fighter jet was unveiled during an exhibition for Iranian President Hassan Rouhani, The Aviationist editor David Cenciotti reported. The exhibition showcased the achievements made by Defense Minister Brig. Gen. Hossein Dehghan within the last two years.
The prototype had the same shape as its 2013 predecessor but featured multiple changes, including a bigger cockpit, non-plexiglass canopy, dual exhaust nozzles, dorsal antenna and FLIR (Forward Looking Infra-Red) turret installed to the nose of the fighter jet.
The F-313 was first unveiled in February 2013, though it was criticized for being too small. The cockpit couldn't accommodate a “normal-sized” pilot and the wings weren't big enough to get it up in the air, according to The Aviationist.
The original version also had a slew of technical errors. The engine was not properly built, putting the back of the aircraft at risk of melting from heat. The craft's air intakes seemed too small, the blog said.
Ahmad Vahidi, Iran's defense minister at the time, said Iranian aerospace experts designed the jet to fly at a low altitude, carry weapons and land on short runways, according to DailyMail.com.
Iranian news site Khouz News did publish photos of F-313 appearing to fly over mountains in 2013, but was accused of photoshopping the image, DailyMail.com reported.
It's still unclear if the new prototype would be able to fly. The jet conducted taxi tests on Saturday during the exhibition.
Recent statements released said that the F-313 fighter jet will be “a light close air support aircraft,” The Aviationist reported.
White House press secretary Sarah Sanders lectured reporters on the meaning of the First Amendment Thursday, in defense of President Trump's recent tweets suggesting that the Senate Intelligence Committee investigate national news outlets.
Asked whether Trump values the First Amendment, Sanders said replied, “Absolutely, the president is an incredible advocate of the First Amendment.” However, she continued, “With those freedoms also come responsibilities. You have a responsibility to tell the truth, to be accurate.”
Sanders referenced a recent study by the Pew Research Center that found only 5 percent of news stories published about Trump during his first 60 days in office were positive — compared to 42 percent for President Obama in 2009 and 22 percent for George W. Bush in 2001.
“You've only found 5 percent of your time to focus on some of those big issues,” like the recent stock market rise and the fight against ISIS in the Middle East, she said, chastising reporters for focusing instead on “petty palace intrigue.”
The First Amendment does not impose any obligations on media outlets for the accuracy, balance or significance of what they report. News organizations can be sued for libel for false reporting that damages a person's reputation, although they have broad protections when writing about public figures, such as the president. A Senate investigation into news stories on the basis of the president's disapproval of them would be unprecedented.
White House press secretary Sarah Sanders taking questions from the media during the White House daily briefing, Oct. 5, 2017. (Photo: Pablo Martinez Monsivais/AP) More
Trump's Thursday morning tweets followed Wednesday's report by NBC News that Secretary of State Rex Tillerson had called the president a “moron” and considered resigning from his post. In a televised statement, Tillerson denied the resignation part of the story. As for whether he ever called Trump a moron, Tillerson simply said, “I'm not going to deal with petty stuff like that.”
Asked whether Trump was upset that Tillerson hadn't explicitly denied the name-calling, Sanders said Thursday, “As the secretary of state said, this is a petty, ridiculous accusation. Frankly, I think it's beneath the secretary of state to weigh in on every rumor out there.”
Among the other leading topics at Thursday's press briefing was the potential for new gun control regulations in the wake of this week's mass shooting in Las Vegas. While Sanders said that “the president is a strong supporter of the Second Amendment,” she confirmed that Trump would be open to discussing restrictions on so-called bump stocks, modifications used to convert semi-automatic rifles into the near-equivalent of full automatics. Twelve of the firearms found in the Las Vegas shooting suspect Stephen Paddock's hotel room were reportedly outfitted with bump stocks.
“I think this administration's position is extremely clear; we would look to take any step we could to prevent something like that from happening again.”
Read more from Yahoo News:
Turkish media reports say that authorities believe that the Islamic State group is behind the attack on a popular Istanbul nightclub during New Year's celebrations.
Hurriyet and Karar newspaper reports Monday cited unnamed security officials saying that authorities have determined that the gunman who killed 39 people comes from a Central Asian nation and is believed to be either from Uzbekistan or Kyrgyzstan.
Police had also established similarities with the high-casualty attack at Ataturk Airport in June and was investigating whether the same IS cell carried out both attacks.
The gunman, who is still at large, killed a policeman and another man outside the Reina club in the early hours of 2017 before firing at people partying inside.
Nearly two-thirds of the dead were foreigners, many from the Middle East.
Hundreds of kids in Ōtara have been given a positive life change under musical educational programme, Sistema Aotearoa.
Leading their musical path is one of NZ's successful violinists, Jess Hindin.
Hindin says, “We're trying to introduce this whole community into what is essentially a classical musical culture which is not often equated with Pacific Island kids.”
Hindin has been part of Sistema Aotearoa for the past 7 years.
“But, because we have over 400 kids playing instruments, we've got a team of tutors and there's probably 12-13 of us now who are mostly part-timers.”
Hindin has a long successful career with music and has worked alongside artists like international stars Kanye West, U2 and Hayley Westenra.
“There are things that we do with them and sing to them and they respond, to get their attention back. We've got some lovely Māori songs that we sing with them. Rob Ruha wrote for us a gorgeous waiata and the kids love it.”
In 2017, more than 1,000 Māori and Pasifika children students, aged 2 to 15 years, participated. One of their first students, Enyah Talamaivao, received a free scholarship of $20,000 per-term to attend Saint Cuthbert's School.
Talamaivao says, “I fell in love with the violin just because I would try something new. Going to Saint Cuthbert's from Ōtara is really different and the majority of kids that go there are not islanders.”
Celebrity chef Mario Batali talks during an interview with Reuters at his latest restaurant, Del Posto, in New York, U.S., April 11, 2006. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
(Reuters) - Celebrity chef Mario Batali said on Monday that he has stepped away from his restaurant company and ABC said it asked him to step aside as co-host of a daytime food and talk show after he was accused of sexual harassment in a report by an online food trade publication.
Eater New York reported that four women, who were not identified, accused Batali of touching them inappropriately in a pattern of behavior that spanned at least two decades. Three worked for the chef during their careers, according to Eater New York.
Batali said in a statement emailed by his representative Risa Heller, "I apologize to the people I have mistreated and hurt. Although the identities of most of the individuals mentioned in these stories have not been revealed to me, much of the behavior described does, in fact, match up with ways I have acted."
"That behavior was wrong and there are no excuses," he said. "I take full responsibility and am deeply sorry for any pain, humiliation or discomfort I have caused."
Reuters could not independently confirm the accusations.
Batali said in the statement that he was stepping away from day-to-day operations of his businesses as he works to regain people's trust and respect.
Batali's reputation as a master of seasonal Italian food turned him into a restaurant executive, television star, cookbook author and one of the world's most recognizable chefs. He premiered on Food Network in 1997 on the show "Molto Mario" and in 2011 helped launch "The Chew" on ABC.
B&B Hospitality Group, which services about 24 restaurants owned by Batali and other chefs, said in an emailed statement that it takes such accusations seriously.
"We have had systematic policies and training about sexual harassment for over 10 years, including a detailed procedure for employees to report complaints to senior management," B&B Hospitality Group said. "All members of management have participated in these trainings, including Mr. Batali."
"Mr. Batali and we have agreed that he will step away from the company's operations, including the restaurants, and he has already done so," the company said in the statement.
The ABC Television Network, a unit of Walt Disney Co, said in a statement, "We have asked Mario Batali to step away from The Chew while we review the allegations that have just recently come to our attention."
"ABC takes matters like this very seriously as we are committed to a safe work environment. While we are unaware of any type of inappropriate behavior involving him and anyone affiliated with the show, we will swiftly address any alleged violations of our standards of conduct.”
Food Network said in an emailed statement that it was suspending plans to relaunch "Molto Mario" in light of the accusations.
(Reporting by Ben Klayman in Detroit; Editing by Alden Bentley)
BEFORE YOU GO…
… we'd like to ask for your support. More people are reading the Mississippi Business Journal than ever before, but advertising revenues for all conventional media are falling fast. Unlike many, we do not use a pay wall, because we want to continue providing Mississippi's most comprehensive business news each and every day. But that takes time, money and hard work. We do it because it is important to us … and equally important to you, if you value the flow of trustworthy news and information which have always kept America strong and free for more than 200 years.
If those who read our content will help fund it, we can continue to bring you the very best in news and information. Please consider joining us as a valued member, or if you prefer, make a one-time contribution.
Seasoned comedian, Mark Steel, will be bringing his BBC Radio 4 show, Mark Steel's In Town, to Ventnor next month.
The Ventnor Winter Gardens will be hosting the recording of the radio show on Tuesday 19th September. All are invited to the free event.
OnTheWight happy to help
Hannah George put Mark's production team in touch with OnTheWight a few weeks ago and we met up with Mark, Carl and Susan at the Ventnor Botanic Garden for a chinwag over a pot of tea.
We passed on some nuggets about Ventnor and its community that we hope he found interesting, but Mark also had a flurry of responses from a tweet he posted back in July asking for snippets of info from his Twitter followers.
(click on the tweet to see the replies)
Right – here we go, time for my favourite sort of question… who knows anything about Ventnor, on the Isle of Wight? — Mark Steel (@mrmarksteel) July 20, 2017
Keep the date free
The live recording of the show takes place on Tuesday 19th September.
The details of how to book tickets aren't available quite yet – but check back to the OnTheWight site, because we'll publish the info as soon as it becomes available.
For now, put the date in your diary and make sure you head to the Winter Gardens on Tuesday 19th September. It should be a good night!
Image: © Mark Steel
Location map
View the location of this story.
ABILENE, Texas — Jalone Friday was on the mark Saturday, scoring 22 points and adding a career-best five blocked shots to lead Abilene Christian to a 72-68 victory over Texas State.
Friday knocked down 9 of 16 shots from the floor and added six rebounds for the Wildcats (7-3), who beat the Bobcats (5-5) for the first time since 1982 in picking up their fourth straight win. Texas State leads the all-time series 40-18.
Immanuel King hit 7 of 10 shots and scored 15 with 11 rebounds for Texas State. Nedeljko Prijovic added 13 points and five rebounds off the bench for the Bobcats, while Nijal Pearson and Tyler Blount each scored 11.
Texas State led 34-22 with 3:04 left in the first half, but Drake Green's 3-pointer keyed a 5-1 run and Abilene Christian trailed 35-27 at intermission.
Pearson's 3-pointer to open the second half pushed the lead to 38-27, but Friday buried jumpers to bookend a 23-10 run that included back-to-back 3-pointers by Tevin Foster and the Wildcats led 50-48 with 11:49 left to play. The lead changed hands several times down the stretch, but after Prijovic's 3-pointer pulled the Bobcats within 69-68 with 59 seconds left, Foster made a layup and 1 of 2 free throws to preserve the win.
Victoria pulls more real-life history into the story of Jenna Coleman's young queen, with the political movement of Chartism driving the story throughout the ITV drama's third episode.
Advertisement
But what exactly was Chartism, who were the people behind it, and how did Queen Victoria really react to it? Read on to find out…
The aims of Chartism
A contemporary cartoon from Punch magazine
In 1837, six MPs and six working men formed a committee that in the next year published a document called The People's Charter, laying out six main aims for electoral reform:
A vote for all men (over 21) The secret ballot No property qualification to become an MP Payment for MPs Electoral districts of equal size Annual elections for Parliament
As you can see, their aims mainly revolved around the fact that at the time working men were not allowed the vote (land-owning middle-class men had been given the vote in 1832, while votes for women still far in the future) and were barred from positions of government due to the fact that MPs weren't paid, making it a calling to the already-wealthy aristocracy.
In 1839, the newly-minted Chartists presented a petition including their desired changes to the House of Commons that was signed by 1.3 million people, but MPs overwhelmingly voted not to hear them. This caused a lot of anger in areas including South Wales, as seen in this week's Victoria.
The Newport Rising
A Chartist meeting in the year of the rising
The Newport revolt often referred to in tonight's episode really did happen, and was both the last large-scale armed rebellion against authority in Great Britain and one of the largest civil massacres the government ever committed. On 4th November 1839, two years into Victoria's reign, 10,000 Chartist sympathisers marched on Newport, Monmouthshire in a bid to free some fellow Chartists supposedly imprisoned in the Westgate Hotel.
However, despite massively outnumbering the soldiers that were sent to meet them the Chartists were easily routed, with around 22 of the marchers killed and 50 injured when the troops opened fire (though accounts are divided on which side shot first).
In the aftermath 200 or more of the protestors were arrested, with 21 charged with high treason.
Victoria and the Chartists
In this week's episode, Jenna Coleman's Victoria intercedes on behalf of the Chartists sentenced to be hung, drawn and quartered after discovering one of them is related to her dresser Mrs Jenkins (Eve Myles), instead asking Rufus Sewell's Lord Melbourne to commute their sentences to transportation.
However, in real life this simply didn't happen – leaders of the march John Frost, Zephaniah Williams and William Jones were sentenced to the grisly death (the last to be so sentenced in the UK) before being sent to Australia instead, yes, but in reality this more lenient sentence came after a nationwide petitioning campaign and extremely unusual personal lobbying from Lord Melbourne.
Victoria made no personal intervention, and in fact was generally not known to have much sympathy for her poorer subjects, in contrast to how she's more sympathetically portrayed in the ITV series.
The end and legacy of Chartism
Another Chartist petition with over three million signatures was rejected in 1842, leading to a wave of strikes in 14 English and 8 Scottish counties which in turn led to hundreds of arrests by the government.
Later, Chartist leader Feargus O'Connor (pictured) was elected to Parliament in 1847 in a significant boost to the movement, resulting in another petition in 1848 which also failed and was discredited after some names on the several million-strong document were pseudonyms.
Advertisement
Eventually the movement died down, and did not directly effect any legislative changes. However, over the next few decades many Chartist ideas did become law, including working men being allowed to vote in the Reform Act of 1867, all men getting the right in 1918, secret ballots being introduced in 1872 and MPs receiving a wage from 1911.
This is one of the most epic photobombs I've ever seen.
However, I do feel like it would be tough to look away while that massive whale is doing a glorious jump!
Series seven episode seven SPOILERS – Charlotte Ritchie reveals how her character's poignant septicaemia and meningitis story came about – and what the future holds...
SPOILERS!
Advertisement
It seems too awful – and too unfair – to be true, but on Sunday 4th March at 8.56pm, Call the Midwife‘s Nurse Barbara Hereward died after contracting septicaemia.
Barbara's sudden illness and rapid death will shock BBC viewers. It has only been two weeks since the newlywed arrived back from Birmingham and surprised everyone at the Poplar neighbourhood picnic.
Now she has breathed a last ratting breath, leaving millions of viewers sobbing on the sofa.
Speaking to RadioTimes.com, actor Charlotte Ritchie, who has played the midwife for the past four years, explains how her final appearance in Call the Midwife series seven came about.
“It seemed like a good time to go,” she says. “They ask you to commit quite early on in the year to the show. And I always wanted to do it, but I also felt that I'd done three different series for the last five years, and thought it might be good to slightly try and branch out and try something new.
“I just didn't want to get too comfy. I just think it keeps it fresh and keeps it alive if I keep going.”
Ritchie says that – even if it breaks out hearts – she felt it was a good moment to end her character's story, too.
“I felt like Barbara had gone through such a lovely journey, having arrived at Nonnatus House a sort of wreck and quite incompetent, or at least on the surface,” she tells us.
“And she's really grown up and become this adult. And it felt like such a lovely time, with her wedding to Tom, having found that happiness and reconciled with Trixie. It could be a good time to go.”
Ritchie has been keeping the secret of Barbara's shock death under wraps since June, before the Christmas special was even filmed.
In that festive episode, Barbara and her husband Rev Tom Hereward (Jack Ashton) disappeared off to a parish in Birmingham, and didn't return to Poplar until episode five.
Read more about the future of Call the Midwife, including an interview with Rev Tom Hereward actor Jack Ashton, in the new issue of Radio Times Out this Tuesday
Couldn't Call the Midwife creator and screenwriter Heidi Thomas have just left them there, living their lives off screen? Other Call the Midwife characters have left the series without tragedy – did Barbara really have to be killed off?
“It would have been amazing to have the door always open, but also you can't always do that,” Ritchie explains. “You can't have your cake and eat it. It was my decision to go and I think it feels right that I really, properly shut the door.”
She adds: “For Heidi, she nurtures every single character that she writes, and she pours her heart into them. I think there's maybe something about needing to have closure, sometimes, on characters. I think she wanted to give Barbara a solid goodbye and not leave the door open – not necessarily leave us wondering what happened.”
In episode six of Call the Midwife series seven, we see Barbara suffering what she thinks is just a persistent cold. But her health takes a turn for the worse, and Nurse Phyllis Crane (Linda Bassett) summons Dr Turner (Stephen McGann), who tells her to call an ambulance immediately.
Episode seven sees Barbara in hospital, and it quickly becomes clear she is dangerously ill. Her temperature is high, she is drenched in sweat and covered with red blotches where blood is seeping under her skin. She is barely conscious.
For some time there is no change, but finally her husband and her friends at Nonnatus House receive some good news: she is awake, and recovering.
That's why it's so devastating when Barbara takes a turn for the worse. First her fingers blacken and become numb as the tissue dies, ending her career as a midwife, and then it becomes clear she is going to die. However, even in her final hours she is stoic, facing her fate with courage and bravery.
It is a touching end to Barbara's time on the show, but before Heidi Thomas made her decision Ritchie and her friends came up with a few dud ideas about how she might leave.
“Some of them were quite fun,” she says. “Like being crushed by an iron lung. Or falling through a trap door. Or just falling down an elevator shaft…”
Thankfully Thomas took none of those ideas into account. Instead, she chose to end Barbara's story in a hospital bed, with husband Tom holding her hand and murmuring a psalm: “Yea, though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil, for Thou art with me.” When his voice breaks, Nurse Phyllis Crane (Linda Bassett) continues the prayer.
“I just found them so moving,” says Ritchie. “There was something really surreal about two very, very, very good friends of mine, just crying and being amazing – they really make the scene.”
The moment Phyllis continues Tom's psalm in Barbara's final moments is particularly moving given that the character is so staunchly non-religious.
Ritchie reflects: “She's never had any truck with religion before, and I think that's a huge gesture.
“But also there's something meditative about being able to say something when somebody goes. It's not necessarily that you have to believe in the God, but there's a ritual element to it that's almost like a closure that I think it really brings, even if you're not religious. I think that's partly what it is for her too.”
Those hospital scenes were filmed over a week. A pallid Ritchie lay in bed covered in red patches meticulously painted on by the make-up department.
“There were scenes I had to do where I just lay in bed thinking about the fact that I was going to die. That was what the instruction was,” she explains.
“Barbara sits there thinking about the fact that she's not going to be a midwife – that's the first thing. She loses the tips of her fingers which means she can't do the job she's always wanted to do.
“It was really really weird. I had a bit of an existential crisis if I'm honest.”
Ritchie continues: “I think people don't think or talk about death very much. I don't think we're very open about it, at least in my experience. And so it was strange, every day, to face this and consider what it would be like to know that you're going to die in a few weeks.
“I know and I understand that there are people all over the world who have to face that, and I don't want that to sound like I'm trivialising that at all. But I suppose it just made it ever so slightly more strange to act it out.”
Ritchie leaves Poplar with warm memories of Barbara and her four years at Nonnatus House.
“Weirdly you're sort of saying goodbye to four years of your own life as well as the character that you've spent so long enjoying,” she says. “I like her [Barbara] a lot. I feel like I'd love to be like that; I'd love to be as kind and good as that. She's a wonderful character and she's really beautifully written.”
Looking back, she remembers the first time Barbara delivered a baby, alongside Nurse Patsy Mount (Emerald Fennell). She remembers going to South Africa for the 2016 Christmas special. She remembers one of her “favourite scenes ever, when I first see Nurse Crane sharing my room and she's split the bedside cabinet down the middle with electrical tape, so that we have one side apiece.”
And she remembers all those scenes in the midwives' bedrooms and the conversations they'd have while hanging out in their pyjamas.
“The crew and the cast – I mean I can't tell you how fun it is, they're just the best. It's so good,” she says, and then pauses. “What have I done!?”
Advertisement
But it's too late: the decision is made, and Barbara has gone.
Kogi governor to Senate: Flush out criminals from Senate
Kogi State Governor, Yahaya Bello, on Wednesday charged the Senate to ensure the red chamber is made up of men of high caliber, integrity and good character in order to retain its high esteem.
He made the call while speaking with State House correspondents after meeting with Acting President Yemi Osinbajo at the Presidential Villa, Abuja.
The governor also claimed that Senator Dino Melaye, who is representing Kogi West in the Senate, was not fit for the Senate.
He said: “You see I would rather admonish Nigerians that when a child lacks proper parental care and home upbringing, he constitutes a social menace in the society. And if the society does not take steps to check and correct such a child, he can turn into criminal and take into criminality. Then it will be left to government to check such criminality. And if government does not, such a child can cause a serious embarrassment. That is what is happening in Kogi State.
“Then talking of the Senate, let me rather admonish the Senate that it is an institution that is held on very high esteem and I think the Senate and indeed the National Assembly is made up of men of high caliber, high integrity and good character.
“I think it is necessary that the wonderful house should as matter of urgency and as a matter of fact check any social deviant that exists within them before they could be adjudged birds of the same feather. I know they are not of the same feather.”
The governor said there is no crisis in Kogi, adding that the state is living in peace.
“Projects are ongoing, we are all happy over there. Salaries are being paid as at when due and we are making serious progress,” Bello said.
The post Kogi governor to Senate: Flush out criminals from Senate appeared first on The Nation Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from The Nation Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Culford School's Golf Academy A and B golf teams will compete against each other for the ISGA (Independent Schools Golf Association) East Regional title and the chance to play at the National Finals.
The teams, featuring players from the Senior School, defeated their New Hall counterparts at Flempton Golf Club last Thursday, to both reach the ISGA regional final.
VICTORIOUS: Bury GC Ladies Three Clubs and a Putter winning team (from left) Yvonne Horne, Molly Smith, ladies captain Hannah Clark (presenting) and Tracey Claydon
The winners will play at St Mellion International Golf Club, Cornwall, in April against other regional champions from across the UK.
Current American US Kids Golf Foundation Under-18 European Champion, Max Adams, led the way for the A team with a convincing 4&3 win, while fellow A team members Tom Auchterlonie and Joe Beasant both also won 2&1 and 3&2 respectively.
In the B team, Max Weaver dominated his game, coming out with a 7&6 victory, while Will Kibbler won 4&3.
Jude Everitt lost by the narrow margin of 2&1.
Head of golf Lawrence Dodd said:​ “I am very proud that both of our teams will meet in the regional final. It shows the strength and depth of the players within the academy.”
Bury GC
On a cold and foggy morning, 40 ladies of Bury St Edmunds Golf Club took part in the annual Three Clubs and a Putter challenge.
This is a Stableford competition played over 10 holes and despite the weather, some excellent scores were recorded.
The individual competition was won by Tracey Claydon with an impressive 24 points, beating Clare Sykes with 19 points on count-back into second place.
Tracey said that she was delighted with how she played.
Ladies' captain Hannah Clark said: “It's no surprise that Tracey has just been cut by two shots at the end of year handicap review.”
Clark added: “I was very pleased with how many ladies played in the competition in what is a difficult format in the winter. Well done to Tracey — what a fantastic score.
“Our course is looking and playing great at the moment, especially with all the winter work being done in preparation for the season ahead.”
The team prize winners were Tracey Claydon along with Molly Smith and Yvonne Horne with an impressive 60 points. A convincing win, beating the second-placed team, who scored 47 points.
Thetford GC
The Seniors' Winter Pairs is the first trophy competition of the year at Thetford and this year's winners were Tony Dinwiddy & Dave Edgar.
They combined for 39pts in the four-ball better-ball competition to finish one point clear of the field.
Runners-up, with 38, were Steve Cobb & Les Day who got the better of Doug Atkins & Peter Yule on count-back.
The Suffolk GC
Following the completion of the first Midweek Order of Merit of the current captain's year, which was won by Ivan Snelling, the Weekend League has now also concluded.
The winner was five-handicapper Gary Last with 26 points, who was well ahead of Daniel Kaye in second place on 17.
Chris Tate took third spot with 15pts, followed closely by Luke Hayden on 14.
Kaye made an excellent start to the second quarter Order of Merit league table by winning last Sunday's Weekend Medal at The Suffolk.
Despite a strong bitterly cold wind, the scoring was impressive with the top three places all below nett 70.
Playing off a handicap of 11, Kaye returned a superb nett 65, one shot ahead of Jamie Cooper (20hcp) in second.
James Laflin's third place score of 81-12=69 was also an outstanding performance on an unpleasant winter's day.
Chris Tate, who plays off 5, had the lowest Gross score of 76 in fourth place and Jez Thomas came fifth with 83-12=71.
• A quick reminder that entry forms for The Suffolk's Major Mayhem series are now available at the club's reception and in the clubhouse, for this popular annual event (non-members welcome).
True wireless earbuds aren't all created equal, and they definitely don't all come in at the same price point. The Optoma NuForce BE Free8 maneuver themselves in the mid-range on performance and price in this review, presenting themselves as an alternative to more expensive competitors.
Getting to a lower $150 cost meant cutting out any special features geared toward fitness, on board controls, or enhanced hearing, and focusing instead on audio performance. As our review reveals, it's a trade-off that comes with some caveats.
Out of the box
The earbuds come nestled in foam inside the box, with the charging case set just below. Optoma included four pairs of ear gels, with small, medium and large sizes for the regular ones, plus an extra small size that comes in its own bag. A short, flat Micro USB charging cable rides along with all the gels. A basic user manual visualizes simple and easy setup and functionality with illustrations to spell it out without using words.
Given there are no Comply Foam tips inside, that might be something you want to consider for a tighter seal or malleable fit compared to gels, though the earbuds generally stay in well with the silicone tips.
Features and design
Optoma hasn't created a pair of true wireless earbuds previously, so the BE Free8 are something of an experiment. A pedigree may be lacking for this specific headphone sub-category, but the company applied its experience with its own sport and wireless earbuds to this cord-free pair.
The IPX5 rating offers some water, dust, and sweat resistance.
The Free8's feathery weight (1.6 ounces) is partly because of the cheaper plastic used to mold them. Coating the outer portion with a piano black gloss gives the earbuds a sleek veneer, but that doesn't make them any more premium on fit and finish.
The inner portion is matte, with the drivers angled close to 90-degrees, to nestle into the ear canal for a tight seal. While the piano gloss gives the buds a bit of flash, they're relatively small compared to many competitors, and a fair bit less conspicuous than Apple's AirPods.
Each earpiece has a single button. The left powers on and off, though holding down the button on the right is also necessary to turn that one on and off, too (though it does nothing else). Holding the left for four seconds puts them into pairing mode. Pressing it once can play or pause audio, while a double click skips forward a track (there's no way to repeat). Wearers can also answer or end calls with a single press. Holding it for two seconds can trigger digital assistants, like Siri and Google Assistant. We wish there was a volume control, however, and the tiny, everything button can be pretty difficult to locate with your fingers with the buds inserted.
Bill Roberson/Digital Trends
Both aptX and AAC codecs are supported, covering the main Bluetooth audio streaming standards. The IPX5 rating does offer some water, dust, and sweat resistance, but the earbuds likely won't hold up long if you dunk them.
The slick charging case, which is quite obviously modeled after Apple's AirPods case, has the same piano black finish all around, and a lid that can be a bit tricky to open at first. The case carries three additional charges for the earbuds, and a trio of LEDs at the bottom tell you how many charges are left, while an LED up top lets you know the earbuds are charging. Optoma rates the BE Free8 at four hours of listening per charge, which is relative depending on volume level. The larger size gels did require us squeezing the earbuds into their charging slots, but at least we didn't have to force it too much.
The Free8's piano black gloss gives the earbuds a sleek veneer.
We hit 3.5 hours consistently at about 75-85 percent volume, which isn't fantastic, but it's also not bad considering the price. Without ancillary features like a heart rate monitor, activity tracking, hearing enhancements, or extra navigation controls, we would have liked to see a bit more battery life. Jabra's fully wireless Elite Sport Plus, for instance, give you fitness features like heart-rate tracking and longer battery life for around $50 more.
The lack of volume control (for music or calls) means you'll have to take your phone out more than we'd like, and not being able to repeat a track was another nuisance. The existing controls actually do more than what the AirPods have, so the effect may be subjective. Apple's AirPods also feature sensors that pause music when you pull them out of your ears, though, whereas the Free8 must be powered down manually by holding each button for two seconds, so in either case you're giving something up.
A voice prompt confirms when the earbuds are on, or pairing upon startup, piping up again when the battery is low.
Audio performance
Optoma went with relatively small 6mm drivers for the BE Free8, one of the trade-offs of getting this form factor at a lower price. That said, audio performance is impressive for the money, offering smooth and consistent sound across genres.
As we expected, the sound signature is a pleasant one that follows a safe middle road, refraining from favoring any side of the audio spectrum over another. Highs and mids are warm, yet not especially resonant. But unlike a lot of fully wireless buds we audition, there's enough spatial separation here to appreciate more complex recordings. For example, Pink Floyd's Another Brick in the Wall comes through clearly, and well detailed. We noticed a similar experience with November Rain by Guns'n'Roses.
Bass is exactly as we thought it would be: Punchy, neutral, and with enough depth to satisfy most casual listeners. We suspect serious bass lovers will either like it or grudgingly accept it.
One issue we'll raise is that the Free8 put out a fair amount of Bluetooth noise. It's something you'll hear each time they connect to your music app when music isn't playing, but it all but dies away once you get the tunes cranking.
As usual with earbuds, the key to getting the best out of the audio performance is finding the best possible seal for passive noise isolation. We tried the different size gels Optoma included and found the largest to be the best for our ears. We also found success with separately sold Comply Foam tips, whose malleable density contours a little better in the canal. The downside is that they don't last very long when sweat seeps in.
In the gym or on the street, the noise isolation feels natural.
With a tight fit secured, we appreciated the way the BE Free8 treat every genre we listened to with good balance, showing some real versatility. We played through Lalah Hathaway's Live! album and found her vocals warm and resonant. Ed Sheeran's Shape of You was a little flat, but otherwise clear and clean. Diana Krall's The Look of Love was another example of a song that sounded fairly neutral, yet offers enough clarity and detail to enjoy the overall composition.
The tighter seal made a difference, no matter what was playing. In the gym or on the street, the noise isolation felt natural. The only issue was that we did have to raise the volume to 80 per cent or higher more often than we would've liked in those circumstances.
Warranty information
Optoma offers a standard one-year warranty covering parts and labor for repair and replacement.
Optoma NuForce BE Free8 Compared To
Our Take
By selling the BE Free8 for $150, Optoma is in line with Apple's market-leading AirPods, but with a bit better sound quality. They are light and comfortable to wear, and finding the right seal is a matter of experimenting with the different gels. Audio quality benefits from finding the best fit, even if the neutral soundstage here isn't going to blow everyone away.
Unlike the $50 BE2 Optoma released as budget wireless sports earbuds, where there was no aptX support, the BE Free8 are optimized for both iOS and Android. Putting a piano black finish on something that is likely to come in contact with perspiration and active lifestyles all but guarantees scratches and smudges, so the shiny look may not last too long.
Is there a better alternative?
There are plenty of manufacturers getting into the truly wireless earbud game, but only a few garner our full recommendation at present. Apple's AirPods are the most obvious choice because of the price point, as long as you don't mind the golf-tee design and lower sound quality. Bragi's The Headphone, come in at a similar price point and are among the best available right now when it comes to sound performance.
More expensive options include the feature-laden Jabra Elite Sport, which offer more features, solid sound, and more durability. The Nuheara IQBuds aren't sporty, but do offer some neat audio tinkering for those seeking some customization, or suffering from hearing loss.
How long will it last?
Resistance to sweat is always hard to measure, in spite of whatever rating the manufacturer has achieved. The BE Free8 should be able to accord themselves well for active listeners, but we believe the shiny veneer won't last long when they get worked in. The Bluetooth connection is impressively consistent, though we did notice some dropouts upon occasion at weird times. Despite that, we would use these expecting the wireless connectivity to hold up well.
Should you buy it?
If you want something with a bit better sound than Apple's AirPods, and like shiny things, the BE Free8 are worth checking out. We think you should have a look at Bragi's The Headphone first, however.
Each week, Sam Polak breaks down the top coaching moves in MLS from the previous week. Here are his top five from Week 23.
5. Seattle sub key to seeing out final 30 minutes
The Seattle Sounders' 1-0 win against Sporting Kansas City featured a great game-winning goal from Clint Dempsey, but head coach Brian Schmetzer put his stamp on this game, as he has a couple times already this season, with a quality decision to bring on Osvaldo Alonso in the 59th minute.
This change had the obvious benefit of giving Alonso the opportunity to start to regain some of his fitness, having missed some time with an injury, but it was also the correct player to put in to solve some of the problems the Sounders were having and to see the match through.
Seattle had struggled a bit to find the right movement to disrupt Sporting KC's defensive shape in addition to finding simple passes from their backs into their midfielders like the sequence below.
Once Alonso came in, their possession and movement looked like this.
As Schmetzer noted in his postgame address to the team, Alonso provided needed composure for Seattle. And it was this decision to bring in Alonso's combination of situational awareness and assuredness on the ball that helped the Sounders secure all three points.
4. Red Bulls upping the pressure
One of the challenges of coaching is finding the right balance between how much your team should react to what an opponent does contrasted with how much you should impose your style and force an opponent to react to you. Saturday night's New York Red Bulls-Orlando City SC clash was an example of a game where Red Bulls Jesse Marsch got that balance right.
Recognizing Orlando were starting a new center back pairing, Marsch and his staff had their team put more pressure on Orlando's Leo Pereira and Tommy Redding.
Imposing this mentality worked well for the Red Bulls. It would have likely just been easier for Tyler Adams' to play a pass backwards that would have surely kept possession in the 30th minute. Instead he swung the ball in toward goal after a 1v1 and created a problem for Orlando's fill-in center back Pereira, who put the ball in his own net. Similarly for their third goal, it would have been easier to take what was given from Orlando and just try to possess calmly out of a throw-in. Instead, Sean Davis spun away from two defenders and drove centrally before scoring.
Having his team ask questions of Orlando's Pereira and Redding, whether or not it may have even been forced, Marsch created a type of match that wasn't always pretty but gave his side the advantage.
3. Ilsinho shadow
Montreal, sitting just outside the top six teams in the Eastern Conference, got a much-needed three points against the Philadelphia Union over the weekend. The Union came into the match off a solid 3-1 performance against FC Dallas; however, Mauro Biello was prepared with a game plan to keep Jim Curtin's team from being as dangerous.
Biello had his Montreal Impact shut down what he saw as the Union's greatest attacking threat: Ilsinho. Biello and the coaching staff had reason to want to eliminate his influence on the game — Ilsinho was involved in all three of the Union's goals last weekend including a clever one-two that led to the first goal.
Interestingly though, Biello tasked Samuel Piette, in his first ever start and first ever minutes in the MLS, with the primary responsibility of tracking Ilsinho and worrying about other defensive responsibilities second.
This plan and the use of a player who hasn't had any time with the Impact prior to this match was a bold yet effective strategy to limit what Montreal saw as the Union's most important part of their attacking play. Biello's strategy and Piette's execution did not shut Philadelphia and Ilsinho down completely, but it certainly played a role in Montreal's clean sheet.
2. Crew SC trapping Chicago's outside backs
Columbus Crew SC won a huge game on Saturday, beating the Chicago Fire 3-1, and they got both the tying and go-ahead goals thanks to the defensive scheme set up by their coaching staff.
Throughout the match, as the Fire would look to play out of their defensive third, Columbus set up to invite a pass centrally into midfield. Once the ball came in, they would force the next pass to go outside to the Fire's right or left back. At this time, Columbus would promptly isolate the Chicago player along the sideline and force a turnover.
Below, Matt Polster was completely trapped after Crew SC funneled Chicago into the situation just described. Polster, with no clear good option, gave the ball up here and this led to the Columbus' first goal.
It was a strikingly similar situation that led to Columbus' second goal additionally— Polster ended up pinned along the side after a square pass from the Chicago midfield. Columbus then created a turnover that led to a Justin Meram finish.
This was a brilliant set-up by Berhalter and his staff. It not only led to two goals as already mentioned, but forced Chicago back when in possession to avoid this trap.
1. Vanney's second-half adjustments
Greg Vanney's Toronto FC went on a four-goal scoring spree in the second half of their match against the Portland Timbers, after being held to just one shot on target during the first 45 minutes. The coaching staff's adjustments at halftime were pivotal in propelling TFC to a win.
Through the first half, the Reds were quite simply too nice to their opposition – they went forward with too few players (often just three players only to be met by at least Portland's four defenders), they moved the ball too slowly and they progressed down the side of the field when it would have been far more dangerous to attack down the middle. Portland weren't particularly brilliant during the first half, Toronto just did them a number of favors.
Vanney corrected all of this as his side emerged from the intermission with a different approach. Toronto's first goal in the 58th minute featured an attack with five players, the ball moving much quicker – arriving in the final third from the defensive third with one or two touch passes in about eight seconds, and the entire attack started down the central channel of the field.
It was more of the same during Toronto's second goal. They promptly took advantage of spaces that opened up, they drove the ball centrally, and they committed five (arguably six) players to the attack.
There are multiple reasons TFC has the most points in the league at the moment: quality players, depth of the squad, motivation from just coming up short last year. But Vanney and his staff's contributions, especially visible in matches like this one, are a major advantage for an already impressive team.
By Stewart Bell via Iris.xyz I had an experience last month that left me furious, yet more determined than ever. It revolved around an adviser, the kind that should no longer exist in our world. Let me explain. About two weeks ago I got a call from a family member. He'd sought out advice from a friend…Click to read more at ETFtrends.com.
Continue Reading Below
ANKARA, Turkey — Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro is meeting his Turkish counterpart, Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, for talks on bilateral relations and international issues.
Maduro's visit on Friday comes amid stringent U.S. sanctions on the South American nation and a deepening political crisis in Venezuela, as the country struggles with triple-digit inflation and widespread shortages.
The foreign ministers of both countries will also participate in the second meeting of their joint “partnership commissions” aimed at forging co-operation between the two countries, according to the Turkish president's office.
Maduro's visit follows a tour to Russia and to Belarus, where he discussed expanding military ties with the ex-Soviet nation.
In February 2016, Erdoğan visited Chile, Peru and Ecuador to boost trade ties between Turkey and South America.
Name: Bill Oddie
Age: 75
Famous, why? For being a musician, actor, presenter, campaigner and writer.
Biography: Alongside Tim Brooke-Taylor and Graeme Garden, Bill Oddie was part of surreal comedy trio The Goodies in the 1970s – their most memorable hit was The Funky Gibbon. He is also a keen ornithologist and presented Springwatch and Autumnwatch between 2005 and 2008.
He says: “On some of my previous trips to India I saw worse things like standing at the river and seeing two dead bodies floating past. Part of my reasoning is that on those trips we were actually looking for how horrible it was – polluted rivers and snapper turtles being introduced to clean up the bodies.
“I've never understood people saying ‘a massage, it's fantastic'. I don't get it. I did have one – and that's why I don't get it! I absolutely couldn't retire there, if for no other reason than the noise would drive me up the flipping wall. I have been in India both the quietest place in the world and the noisiest place in the world. The quietest was in Jim Corbett National Park. Absolutely wonderful peace. But then walk down the street in Kolkata…”
Then... Oddie busting a move to The Funky Gibbon
Now... a good few years later with Springwatch co-presenters Simon King and Kate Humble
The Real Marigold Hotel series two starts on Wednesday at 9pm on BBC1
What happened
Continue Reading Below
Shares of Alere Inc. (NYSE: ALR) popped this morning in response an announcement that Abbott Laboratories(NYSE: ABT) will acquire the point-of-care diagnostics manufacturer. Renewed hope the delayed deal will be completed has lifted the stock 16.2% as of 10:45 a.m. EDT during Monday's trading session.
So what
Over a year ago, Abbott announced its intent to acquire Alere at $56 per share for a total expected value of about $5.8 billion.Abbott's diagnostics segment is already one of the industry's largest, and Alere's burgeoning point-of-care operations seemed like a perfect fit.
Image source: Getty Images.
Last week's announcement that Abbott will purchase the company for $51 per share allays a lot of fears. Shortly after announcing its intent in early 2016, it started looking like Abbott was getting cold feet. Last April, Abbott requested termination of the deal in return for a fee between $30 million and $50 million, which Alere didn't accept.Not much later, Alere stock suffered its worst single-day drop after it revealed a U.S. Justice Department investigation into its foreign revenue recognition practices.
Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT
Now what
If antitrust regulators green-light the transaction, it could closesometime in the third quarter.Although it looks like the deal will indeed go through, I'll be surprised if it becomes nearly as accretive as Abbott hopes.
Alere has been characteristically slow to file its annual report for 2016, but during the nine-month period ended last September, it reported an operating profit of just $54.2 million from $1.77 billion in total revenue.That's an awfully slim margin to work with, and I find it hard to believe Abbott will see a significant return from the acquisition, now valued at about $5.3 billion.
Most people don't know who performed the tests on the last blood sample their healthcare provider sent out, and few are willing to pay more to have the results generated in-house. Large, centralized laboratories enjoy economies of scale that will make marketing point-of-care diagnostic devices an uphill battle.
10 stocks we like better than Alere
When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the market.*
David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now… and Alere wasn't one of them! That's right — they think these 10 stocks are even better buys.
Click here to learn about these picks!
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 3, 2017
Cory Renauer has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
The recent winter weather has resulted in a lot of calls to police about minor collisions on area roadways. South Simcoe Police would like to remind drivers that winter weather requires slower speeds and extra stopping room. They also recommend you have an emergency kit inside the car and that wiper fluid is always topped up.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Reno first baseman Christian Walker was named the Pacific Coast League Player of the Week for the period of April 6-16, hitting .348 (16 for 46) with four home runs, four doubles and 16 RBI in 11 games.
Walker has some steep competition for hottest hitter on the Aces team, however. Outfielder Oswaldo Arcia hit a pair of home runs in Reno's 13-2 victory over El Paso on Monday, capping a three-game series in which he went 8 for 13 to boost his batting average to .405.
The Aces (6-6) had five home runs in Monday's victory — two each by Arcia and outfielder Zach Borenstein, and one by pitcher Braden Shipley. Shipley also had his most impressive pitching performance of the season — — giving up five hits, three walks and two earned runs. He struck out five and improved his record to 2-0 with a 5.82 ERA.
While Reno's starting pitching has been inconsistent, the Aces have gotten solid work out of the bullpen. Left-hander T.J. McFarland and righties Erik Davis, Silvino Bracho and Jimmie Sherfy have yet to give up an earned run. In 25 1/3 combined innings, they've limited opposing hitters to 14 hits and seven walks while striking out 33. Bracho has 10 strikeouts and one walk in 5 1/3 innings, and Sherfy has seven strikeouts and no walks in 5 innings.
Double-A Jackson
Generals second baseman Colin Walsh was named Southern League Player of the Week, hitting .371 (13 for 35) with two home runs and seven doubles in nine games. Walsh, 27, is in his first season with the D-backs organization after spending his first seven professional seasons with the Cardinals, Brewers and Athletics.
Jackson (8-2) is three games ahead of the pack in the Southern League's North Division, leading the league in runs (63) and batting average (.293) and ranking third in ERA (2.50).
Third baseman Dawel Lugo, the organization's fourth-ranked prospect, and first baseman Kevin Cron are tied for the league lead with four home runs.
Alex Young pitched five shutout innings in a 6-2 win over Mobile on Sunday, and Brad Keller gave up one run over five innings in a 3-2 win on Saturday. Keller is 2-0 with an 0.90 ERA and 11 strikeouts over 10 innings.
Single-A Kane County
Kane County oufielder Marcus Wilson belted a pair of three-run home runs in the Cougars' 8-4 victory over Quad City on Saturday. The 20-year-old Wilson has four home runs on the season — after hitting just three in the first three seasons of his professional career, covering 165 games.
Wilson, ranked as the D-backs' No. 21 prospect by mlb.com, has eight hits in his last three games, bumping his season average to .405, with a .511 on-base percentage and .811 slugging percentage. He's walked eight times and struck out five.
Kane County is off to a 7-3 start and continues to get outstanding pitching, with a 1.45 team ERA through 10 games. Sam McWilliams struck out eight while allowing one hit and no walks over five shutout innings on Thursday. In two starts this season, the 21-year-old McWilliams has yet to give up a run in 10 innings. He's allowed four base-runners (three hits, one walk) while striking out 13.
Teammate Ryan Atkinson has an 0.77 ERA with 15 strikeouts in 11 2/3 innings, and Jon Duplantier has an 0.00 ERA with 14 strikeouts in 10 innings.
After rebranding its seventh-generation Pentium processors as “Pentium Gold” in October, Intel is now delivering new post-Atom Pentium Silver and Celeron “Gemini Lake” chips to the PC market. They are based on Intel's Goldmont Plus processor core architecture designed for maximum power performance using the lowest amount of energy possible, aka Ultra Low Power, extending battery life. These chips will be used in tablets, ultra-slim notebooks, all-in-ones, 2-in-1 devices, and entry-level PCs early in 2018.
That said, you can get an idea of what Intel is doing by adding color to the Pentium branding: Painting chips based on its performance architecture with gold, and using silver for its “cost-optimized” low-power models. Either way, Pentiums (and Celerons) won't reach into Core-branded performance numbers, but at least now you can get a feel for what the Pentium processors bring to the table.
First, here are the new desktop chips:
Pentium Silver J500S Celeron J4105 Celeron J4005 Process node: 14nm 14nm 14nm Cores: 4 4 2 Threads: 4 4 2 Base speed: 1.50GHz 1.50GHz 2.00GHz Maximum speed: 2.80GHz 2.50GHz 2.70GHz Cache: 4MB 4MB 4MB Graphics: UHD Graphics 605 UHD Graphics 600 UHD Graphics 600 Min Graphics speed: 250MHz 250MHz 250MHz Max graphics speed: 800MHz 750MHz 700MHz Power use: 10 watts 10 watts 10 watts Memory type support: DDR4 2,400MHz
LPDDR4 2,400MHz DDR4 2,400MHz
LPDDR4 2,400MHz DDR4 2,400MHz
LPDDR4 2,400MHz Max memory support: 8GB (4GB x 2) 8GB (4GB x 2) 8GB (4GB x 2)
Now here are Intel's three new mobile chips:
Pentium Silver N5000 Celeron N4100 Celeron N4000 Process node: 14nm 14nm 14nm Cores: 4 4 2 Threads: 4 4 2 Base speed: 1.10GHz 1.10GHz 1.10GHz Maximum speed: 2.70GHz 2.40GHz 2.60GHz Cache: 4MB 4MB 4MB Graphics: UHD Graphics 605 UHD Graphics 600 UHD Graphics 600 Min Graphics speed: 200MHz 200MHz 200MHz Max graphics speed: 750MHz 700MHz 650MHz Power use: 6 watts 6 watts 6 watts Memory type support: DDR4 2,400MHz
LPDDR4 2,400MHz DDR4 2,400MHz
LPDDR4 2,400MHz DDR4 2,400MHz
LPDDR4 2,400MHz Max memory support: 8GB (4GB x 2) 8GB (4GB x 2) 8GB (4GB x 2)
Intel indicates that systems built with all six processors will ship with an Intel Wireless AC component supporting 160MHz channels, which results in theoretical wireless speeds of up to 1,733Mbps. That will be accomplished through the “industry standard” two incoming and two outgoing streams, although, in the real world, you will likely not hit that wireless gigabit ceiling, nor will the connection surpass wired gigabit-capable networking. Regardless, the chips will supposedly bring Intel's Wireless AC networking to low-power devices, and that is what counts.
The six new chips will also bring Local Adaptive Contrast Enhancement technology to the “value” space. This feature will adjust the screen's contrast and brightness so you can better view your favorite content outdoors, even on a brightly lit sunny day. They ship with hardware-based security features too including Secure Key for better encryption, and Intel Software Guard Extensions.
Intel didn't say when the six new processors will be sold as stand-alone chips, but devices manufactured by original equipment manufactuers will appear in the first quarter of 2018. We may even get a glimpse of these devices at the CES 2018 technology show in early January.
SANAA, Yemen — The U.N. envoy to Yemen on Wednesday expressed optimism after meeting with the top leader of the Houthi rebels in a bid to end the country's devastating civil war.
In a statement issued before his departure from the rebel-held capital, Sanaa, Martin Griffiths said the rebels expressed a “strong desire for peace” and discussed “concrete ideas for achieving peace,” without elaborating.
He said he may meet with President Abed Rabbo Mansour Hadi in the southern city of Aden.
A Saudi-led coalition allied with Hadi's internationally recognized government has been at war with the Houthis since 2015, and previous peace efforts have failed.
The U.N. hopes to prevent a full-scale coalition assault on the port city of Hodeida, a vital lifeline for a country already teetering on the brink of famine.
The government has called on the Houthis to withdraw from all the areas they control, including a “complete and unconditional” pullout from Hodeida.
The Houthis have refused to withdraw from Hodeida, but they recently offered to let the U.N. manage the port as part of a cease-fire in the city. Griffiths said earlier that both sides have agreed to the deal in principle, and that the U.N. would take over administration of the port as soon as they finalize the agreement.
The United Arab Emirates, a leading member of the coalition, has said operations in Hodeida have been paused to give the envoy a chance to broker a peaceful resolution. The fighting has largely been confined to the city's outskirts.
The U.N. considers Yemen to be the world's worst humanitarian crisis, with more than 22 million people in need of assistance.
Around 70 per cent of Yemen's imported food and medicine arrives in Hodeida, and aid groups fear a protracted fight could shut down the port and potentially tip millions into starvation.
Osinbajo to Igbo leaders: condemn divisive remarks
Acting President Yemi Osinbajo yesterday took a look at developments in some parts of the country, urging elders to speak out against what is wrong.
He asked them to condemn divisive comments because “violence pays no one”.
The Acting President spoke when he met with some Southeast elders at the Presidential Villa in Abuja as part of his ongoing consultations with leaders from the region and the North.
The meeting was informed by the quit notice served on easterners in the North by the Arewa Youth Groups.
Osinbajo said the meeting was urgent and crucial because of the current loud voices of hate speeches and divisive comments. The situation, he said, required urgent attention from all.
He said this was not the time to hide under any ethnic or religious platform to support comments that divided rather than united the nation.
Urging leaders to raise their voices against the strident divisive speeches, he said: “Violence and war are not going to do anyone any good. Wars today hardly end. No one who has seen the face of wars evens on television will wish it for anyone. We shouldn't tolerate hate speeches or divisive comments.”
He reiterated the government's resolve to deal with any one who threatened the country's peaceful coexistence.
“There is no doubt on the resolve of government to allow anyone get away with hate speeches and divisive words. Our emotion should not be allowed to run wide so as to threaten the existence of anyone anywhere in Nigeria. We will do everything within our power to protect the life of every citizen anywhere and in any part of the country,” he said.
At the meeting are Senate President Bukola Saraki, Speaker Yakubu Dogara, Governors Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi, David Umahi, Okezie Ikpeazu, Willy Obiano, and Rochas Okorocha of Enugu, Ebonyi, Abia, Anambra and Imo.
Others are the Chief of Staff to the President, Abba Kyari, Deputy Senate President Ike Ekweremadu, National Security Adviser Babagana Monguno, former Senate President Ken Nnamani, Senator Eyinnaya Abaribe, Chief Chukwuemeka Ezeife, Senator Joy Emodi, Professor Viola Nwuleri.
Speaking with State House correspondents after the meeting, Governor Umahi said there was hope for a united Nigeria.
On whether messages from the meeting will be accepted by the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB), he said: “The meeting is not about IPOB; it is on the need for security of lives and properties all over Nigeria and the need for a united, honest, fair and equitable Nigeria. That is what the meeting is about.
“It was a wonderful meeting and the message we are taking back is that there is hope for a united and peaceful Nigeria and everybody should work hard.
“We emphasise the need for everybody to restrain from making hate statements. We should be making statements binding us together, statements of love, statements of unity, statements of hope and of course we should also work very hard.
On what message the group is taking back to agitators, the governor said ‘Everybody has a right to agitate but we emphasize the need for peaceful agitation. Even you agitate, your wife agitates at home that the feeding money is not enough, so it is a fundamental right but is the manner you go about it. So it is not an issue that cannot be resolved”.
The post Osinbajo to Igbo leaders: condemn divisive remarks appeared first on The Nation Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from The Nation Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
New York City FC on Tuesday announced the acquisition of midfielder Yangel Herrera on loan from Manchester City, pending receipt of his P-1 Visa and ITC.
The Venezuelan youth international joined NYCFC's English sibling club on a permanent basis from Atletico Venezuela on Jan. 31, and will spend 2017 with Patrick Vieira's side.
“I'm very happy to take this next step in my career. To have the opportunity to play with such a high caliber of players is very exciting and to join a team that has a good football philosophy is very important to me,” Herrera, who captained his nation to third place at the South American U-20 Championships, told NYCFC.com.
“I'm looking forward to playing under Patrick Vieira as he's someone who played my position and I know I'll be able to learn a lot from him. I want to absorb all the good things from Patrick and the other players.”
A defensive midfielder born in the Venezuelan coastal town of La Guaira, Herrera began his career at Monagas SC before joining Caracas-based Atletico last year. He made his international debut against Brazil in a 2-0 defeat last year and just finished taking part in the 2017 South American Youth Football Championship, where he scored against Peru and Ecuador to help Venezuela earn qualification for the FIFA U-20 World Cup – their best finish in the competition since 1954.
“Although Yangel is just starting out on his career, we believe he will make an impact in Major League Soccer once he's settled into a new country and has adapted to our system of play,” said Vieira. “He's a tactically intelligent midfielder who is strong in the tackle and reads the game well. Yangel also has good passing range and spatial awareness, which is crucial for a player in his position.”
Why it matters to you The new feature will reassure organizations using DJI kit that any data linked to their drone flights is secure and private.
The idea that DJI's drones are constantly connecting with the internet while in use has clearly ruffled the feathers of some of its customers.
The drone giant this week said it's building an offline mode to enhance privacy for customers who use its remotely controlled flying machines for “sensitive operations.”
“We are creating local data mode to address the needs of our enterprise customers, including public and private organizations that are using DJI technology to perform sensitive operations around the world,” Brendan Schulman, DJI's VP of Policy and Legal Affairs, in a statement.
Some commentators are connecting the move to a recent decision by the U.S. ArmyU.S. Army wants to analyze drivers' brain waves to keep them awake at the wheel to stop using DJI's machines in its operations because of “an increased awareness of cyber vulnerabilities with DJI products,” according to an internal memo seen by sUAS News earlier this month. The memo revealed that the U.S. Army had issued more than 300 releases green-lighting the use of DJI drones, reflecting the Army's interest in the technology for various missions.
But DJI told Digital Trends on Monday that it's been working on the feature for “several months,” although admitted it's “accelerated that effort” in a bid to get it launched by the end of September, 2017.
DJI's local data mode is aimed at reassuring customers concerned about security and privacy, allowing pilots to fly the drones in a more secure manner.
As things stand, the company's drone apps connect with the internet to make sure they're up to date. They also confirm the drone has the latest maps and relevant geofencing data for the local area, while confirming other flight elements to ensure safe operation. There's no suggestion that DJI's apps process or handle data in a way that it shouldn't, but it seems some customers are after extra assurances.
The new private mode, which users such as the Army or government may want to switch to for particularly sensitive missions or tasks, temporarily disables the kit's connection with the internet. Of course, the pilot will still be able to receive live video streamed from the drone's camera, though it won't be able to live stream it beyond the controller.
Once back at base, the drone and apps can be reconnected to the internet to receive any important updates. The company added that the new feature won't always be available; it depends on the specific regulations related to different locations.
Schulman said that DJI is “committed to protecting the privacy of its customers' photos, videos, and flight logs,” adding that the new local data mode “will provide added assurances for customers with heightened data security needs.”
DJI told Digital Trends it's preparing a document that'll provide more detailed information about the feature, including how it intends to make it available for particular kinds of users. We'll update when we know more.
COPENHAGEN — Voters in Greenland went to the polls Tuesday for a parliamentary election that has featured discussion on what the sparsely populated Arctic island needs to do to become independent from Denmark.
Residents of the semi-independent Danish territory harbour hopes of independence, but know the economy, which depends mainly on fisheries, needs to improve.
Another debated issue in the election for the 31-seat parliament is upgrading three airports to allow international flights land in Greenland and therefore increase tourism.
Prime Minister Kim Kielsen's centre-left Siumut party said during the campaign that English, not Danish, should be taught as a second language in schools to allow the island's 56,000 inhabitants become more international.
Recent polls have Kielsen's party neck-and-neck with the left-leaning Inuit Ataqatigiit. They are likely to form a governing coalition.
Voting stations close at 8 p.m. (1800GMT) and full results are expected Wednesday.
Arrests of illegal immigrants are reportedly up by one-third in the early weeks of the Trump administration, with U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) making more than 21,000 arrests.
The Washington Post reported Sunday that the total, from January 20 through mid-March, jumped 32.6 percent from the same period one year ago, when there were more than 16,000 arrests.
The report stated that most of the arrests were of convicted criminals, but noted that there were 5,441 arrests of non-criminal aliens, more than double the total from last year.
Adam Housley reported this morning that ICE detainers – requests to local authorities to hold criminal aliens – are up 75 percent, to more than 22,000.
In an interview on NBC's “Meet the Press,” DHS Secretary John Kelly said the definition of “criminal” has not changed, “but where on the spectrum of criminality we operate has changed.”
For example, he said ICE agents may move to deport an individual with multiple DUI offenses. He said in the past, those individuals would have been “unlikely” to be deported.
“The law deports people. Secretary Kelly doesn't. ICE doesn't. It's the United States criminal justice system that deports people,” he said.
Watch Housley's report above and see the interview with Gen. Kelly below.
Media Analyst Calls Out MSNBC Reporter's ‘Brazen' Questions to Debra Messing
Dem State Rep to GOP Woman: ‘I Wanted to Punch Her in the Throat'
That Time Sean Spicer (Really) Dressed as the White House Easter Bunny
A series of crashes on U.S. 287 sent three people to the hospital Friday evening according to DPS Sergeant Dan Buesing. (Source: RNN)
A series of crashes on U.S. 287 sent three people to the hospital Friday evening according to DPS Sergeant Dan Buesing.
Just after 5 p.m., a vehicle was traveling southbound on 287 between Jolly and Henrietta near Klein Road when it struck a piece of debris. The driver of the vehicle pulled over for a flat tire. That's when a second vehicle hit the debris in the road and lost control, driving into a ditch and flipping several times. Several other vehicles were also involved in minor crashes due to the debris in the road.
The only people injured were the three people inside the car that flipped. They were taken to United Regional with unknown injuries.
Copyright 2018 RNN Texoma All Rights Reserved
On Friday evening civic and business leaders gathered at The Waldomore to celebrate the progress of the Robinson Grand Performing Arts Center.
Antero Resources pledged its support by donating $600,000 to restore the theater
"Once complete the Robinson Grand will once again attract performing arts programs and productions drawing children,teens, adults, seniors as well as schools and community organizations to the events and memories. It will also attract more area businesses and invest in the kind of economic development that strengthens a community's fabric," said Antero Resources Senior Vice President Al Schopp.
The public phase of the fundraising campaign is set to kick off within the next month.
Carolina Panthers coach Ron Rivera was not happy after Sunday's loss to the Tampa Bay Buccaneers for more reasons than one. It was an otherwise meaningless game for the Panthers, but no one was laying down with nothing on the line. They were still playing hard, going for the win in the season finale.
Panthers linebacker Thomas Davis may have been playing a bit too hard, as the Bucs' video board showed after one particular play. He laid out Buccaneers receiver Russell Shepard in what was a seemingly dirty play. However, he was simply following the rules by hitting a receiver after the quarterback escaped the pocket.
Rivera was fine with the hit, but he definitely wasn't OK with the Buccaneers' video-board operator replaying it twice in slow motion – not once but twice.
“Well, first of all I think that's bush league, to show that play up on the screen,” Rivera said, via the Charlotte Observer. “What are we trying to incite here? Let's not do that. That's got no place in the NFL, as far as I'm concerned.
“TD did something that, the guy scrambles around and he saw Jameis break through. So at that point you can eliminate receivers. I wish it didn't happen, but that's a part of the game. But I really do mean that. I don't think you put that type of play up on the screen. I don't think that's right.”
The hit didn't draw a flag from the officials because, well, it was 100 percent legal. However, in the moments after the play was over, the crowd was unhappy. Boos rained down on the Panthers, clearly giving the Buccaneers more of a home-field advantage. Not that doing so is illegal by any means, but inciting the crowd to boo a completely legal play is “bush-league” by Rivera's standards.
Even the officials didn't think it was a dirty play, telling Davis as much afterward.
“Yeah, obviously the home team, they're gonna try to make an issue of it. I talked to the ref about it on the field, and he said it was a ‘nothing play.' ”
Davis also echoed that he was simply following the rules of the NFL and doing his job.
“It wasn't even a hard hit, a malicious hit,” Davis said. “It wasn't helmet-to-helmet. … I talked to him after the game, we talked it out and he understood what I saw. He kind of saw the same thing that I saw. He saw the quarterback look at him. At the end of the day it wasn't a dirty play.”
WINTER HAVEN, Fla. (WFLA) – Winter Haven police are searching for a rapper who is accused of attacking a barber with a metal baton.
Police have issued an arrest warrant for Jose Fernando Rivera Morales, age 32, a rapper who goes by the name of “Kendo Kaponi.”
Investigators say Morales and another man attacked Jon Erik Baez-Molano behind the Custom Kuts located at 110 Central Ave. W. in Winter Haven.
Baez-Molano is a barber who works at Custom Kuts. He was leaving the business through the back door around 8:30 p.m. on July 28 when he was attacked after getting into his vehicle.
Detectives say Morales pulled Baez-Molano out of the vehicle and started beating him with a metal baton while another man repeatedly punched Baez-Molano. The other man then picked up a piece of wood and beat him. A third Hispanic male was seen recording the incident.
After the beating, Morales and the other suspect got into Baez-Molano's vehicle and took his wallet which fell to the floorboard when he was dragged out.
The three men then left the area. Baez-Molano was transported to Winter Haven Hospital where he was treated and released.
Detectives say Baez-Molano has known Morales since 2005. They do not know what provoked the attack.
Morales is from Puerto Rico. Police say he is reportedly an up-and-coming rapper with the stage name of “Kendo Kaponi.” He recently performed in the Orlando area.
Morales is charged with Armed Burglary with Assault/Battery, Aggravated Battery and Petit Theft .
If you have information that can help detectives, call Heartland Crime Stoppers at 1-800-226-TIPS (8477). Callers will remain anonymous and could be eligible for a CASH reward of up to $3,000.
WHAT OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON-
>>BACK TO TOP STORIES
LAKELAND, Fla. (WFLA) – Lakeland police are asking for the public's help in finding a missing teen.
Nicholas Eugene Hamilton, 17, was last seen at his residence in North Lakeland on Tuesday, June 6.
He was wearing white shorts and a white hoodie.
No further details were provided.
Anyone with information on Hamilton's whereabouts has been asked to contact the Lakeland Police Department at 863-834-6900.
STORIES OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON
BACK TO TOP STORIES
Carlos in 'The Fate of the Furious' (Photo: Universal/YouTube)
[Warning: This story contains spoilers for Fate of the Furious]
The Fate of the Furious got an unexpected dose of adorable, courtesy of a scene-stealing young actor with an infectious smile.
The film included the surprise revelation that Dom (Vin Diesel) had a son with Elena (Elsa Pataky) he never knew about. The young tyke was in peril, with Cipher (Charlize Theron) kidnapping mother and son in order to manipulate Dom into doing her bidding.
Though young Brian (as he would later be named, in honor of Paul Walker's character) was in trouble, the actor who played the baby had a blast on set.
"We call Carlos the miracle baby," director F. Gary Gray tells Heat Vision.
The team cast baby Carlos out of Georgia, and he proved to be a lifesaver for a filmmaker who knew working with a child could be challenging.
"This kid was amazing. It's very difficult to work with comedians, animals and kids. In that order," says Gray with a laugh. "It was amazing to see this kid perform when the cameras started to roll and we were all like, 'Oh my God, did he just do that?'"
While shooting the tragic death scene of Elena, Carlos provided something extra special, notes his onscreen mother, Pataky.
"He was really smiling all the time. One of the scenes...he was actually pulling Vin's hand and saying, 'da-da, da-da,'" she recalls. "I couldn't believe it. He is going to have a big career."
Though the submarine battle was much touted ahead of the film's release, a scene between Jason Statham's Shaw and Carlos may go down as the movie's most beloved. The sequence saw Shaw kill a lot of bad guys, all the while holding the baby in a carrier (headphones on, so his little ears wouldn't be hurt by gunfire).
"It's something that I was very anxious and afraid to do. You ride a real fine line," Gray says. "Now I know we have a lot of submarines and over-the-top stuff in this movie and it's fun and titillating and it's a Fast thing, but you have to thread the needle. We aren't used to seeing Jason doing this as this character because there are a few chuckles in there."
One of the challenging parts of working with a baby is that they can be nervous to be around so many new faces. Not Carlos.
"He's smiling a lot and they got a lot of fun faces from him," Pataky says. "He was really confident. The mom was around, and he really had a lot of fun I think."
Related: 'Fate of the Furious': Elsa Pataky on Movie's Most Emotional Scene
Osun West By-election: Adeleke Picks PDP Ticket, Falade Emerges SDP Candidate
• Hussein secures APC ticket
Yinka Kolawole in Osogbo
The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has picked the younger brother of the late Isiaka Adeleke, Ademola, for the July 8 Osun West senatorial district by-election.
Ademola Adeleke emerged the PDP candidate wednesday with 343 votes when former Minister of Youth and Sports, Senator Akinlabi Olasunkanmi and Lt. Col. Olayiwola Talabi (rtd), stepped down for him.
Also at the APC primary held in Egbedore Local Government Area of the state, the sole aspirant, Senator Mudashir Hussein, won the election on the platform of the APC with 2,412 votes from 2,413 delegates.
Adeleke's emergence became possible when two other contestants for the ticket, Olasunkanmi and Falabi, stepped down for him.
Ademola had earlier been screened and given clearance by the APC screening and election committee while Hussein who was the most preferred candidate of Governor Rauf Aregbesola was disqualified.
The National Working Committee (NWC) of the party however upturned the report of the appeal committee which equally sustained the disqualification of Hussein.
The decision of the screening and appeal committee gave Ademola some suspicion that the primary might not be credible and transparent.
At this point, Ademola approached the PDP for screening and was cleared less than 24 hours to the party's primary.
In Iwo where the PDP held its primary, Olasunkanmi and Falabi stepped down for Ademola after addressing the delegates.
While both Falabi and Olasunkanmi announced that they were stepping down, there was wild jubilation at the venue.
Olasunkanmi in his concession speech, said other aspirants as at yesterday decided to step down for him but he had to step down after calls from various quarters.
He said the party was promised that Osun west would produce the governorship candidate for the party next year.
Meanwhile, a former member of National Assembly, Hon. Bade Falade, has won Social Democratic Party (SDP) primary election ahead of the by-election.
Falade emerged the winner in the primary conducted yesterday in Iwo.
He pulled 15 votes to beat his closest challenger, Hon. Rasheed Adeyemo, who polled 12 votes.
This post was syndicated from THISDAYLIVE. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Names of Oregon U.S. Congressional members have been added to a lawsuit filed that claims President Donald Trump has been profitting from his world-wide real estate empire even though such benefits are illegal under federal law.
Although Trump has denied anything of the sort is going on, those filing the lawsuit say they have proof that Trump is lying and has been breaking the law every day since he became President of the United States.
Here's the story in The Oregonian. Click here.
Prison officials haven't yet outfitted correctional officers with body cameras in six Wisconsin prisons despite receiving an order to do so last year.
Source: WisconsinRapidsDailyTribune.com
News At Other State Sites:
1
WISCONSINREPORT.COM (WiscReport.com) is not affiliated with Wisconsin Government or any state agency, department, entity, or other website or printed publication with Wisconsin in it's name. Established in 2002, we operate completely independent from political parties and other forms of outside influence. Our Mission is to report the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth. We are WiscReport on Twitter and Facebook. A Morbizco Internet Media online publication. – WisconsinReport.com.
Learn More about WisconsinReport.com.
TORONTO — U.S. markets sank deeply into the red Tuesday, while precious metals and the materials sector helped mitigate the fall at Canada's main stock index.
The S&P/TSX composite index closed down 75.06 points to 15,477.
In the U.S., the Dow Jones industrial average plunged by 424.56 points to close at 24,024.13. The S&P 500 index closed down 35.73 points to 2634.56 and the Nasdaq composite index closed down 121.25 points to 7,007.35.
Underlying the selloff in U.S. markets was the benchmark U.S. 10-year Treasury yield touching the "psychological level" of three per cent, said Luc de la Durantaye, managing director of asset allocation and currency at CIBC Asset Management.
"That probably unnerves the market a little bit," he said.
He added that concerns over U.S. interest rates were further compounded by investor concerns about specific companies, such as Google parent Alphabet, whose shares slid nearly five per cent on higher-than-expected capital spending.
In Canada, however, the materials and gold sector remained buoyant. Barrick Gold Corp. shares were up more than three per cent Tuesday on better-than-expected quarterly earnings and the Toronto-based miner's announcement that it is no longer selling off assets to pay down debt.
"Gold is up... That's certainly helping the market to stay afloat a bit better than in the U.S.," said de la Durantaye.
The Canadian dollar was trading at 77.95 cents US, up from an average value of 77.92 cents US on Monday.
The June gold contract was up US$9 to US$1333 an ounce and the May copper contract was up three cents to US$3.14 a pound.
From empty seats at the tracks to dwindling numbers watching at home, NASCAR has a popularity problem.
That's undeniable.
What's not so clear is why this sport, which was supposed to be America's next big thing, has stalled in recent years. Oh sure, plenty of explanations have been floated, from tedious races and boring drivers to big-name stars retiring and hard-core fans resenting efforts to detach the sport from its Southern roots.
Well, there is an underlying issue that will likely have a more profound impact on its future.
Many Americans — young Americans, especially — just don't dig cars like their parents and grandparents.
“I know that NASCAR is thinking about it and worried, just as the car companies are worried,” said Cotten Seiler, a professor of American studies at Dickinson College in Pennsylvania and author of the book “Republic of Drivers: A Cultural History of Automobility in America.”
Indeed, if you make your living off the car business, there are plenty of reasons to be concerned.
A study released last year by the Transportation Research Institute at the University of Michigan showed a significant decrease in the share of young Americans with a driver's license — especially among 16-year-olds, a group that plunged 47 percentage points from 1983 to 2014.
“One of the draws of a sport like NASCAR has always been living vicariously through the drivers,” Seiler said. “Well, if you don't drive yourself, it's hard to see how that would be attractive to you.”
On a personal level, I can vouch for this profound cultural shift. When our son turned 16, he was surprisingly in no rush to get a driver's license. As I dropped him off at high school each morning, the line of child-toting parents created a daily bottleneck in front of the school, while the students' parking lot was largely empty.
Our son is 18 now. A college freshman.
He still doesn't have a driver's license.
“It's really kind of a curious development,” said John Heitmann, author of “The Automobile and American Life” and a history professor at the University of Dayton. “Of course, it's driving the auto industry crazy right now. They realize that so many young people are really not interested in their product anymore. That's why they're jazzing them up all with all these electronic goodies, thinking that's what will lure them back into the car.”
Several factors have conspired to make the automobile much less of a must-have product for young people.
Most notably, a generation that has grown up on computers and smartphones views the car as nothing more than a major crimp on their lifestyle. When they're behind the wheel, they can't be on all their devices (at least not legally and safely).
This is perhaps the biggest challenge facing the car industry and, by extension, NASCAR.
“We have to get it right,” said Dave Pericak, the global director of Ford's racing division. “If we get it right, the future will be bright. If we get it wrong, it's not going to be good.”
The manufacturers are devoting plenty of resources toward making the automobile more attractive to future generations, knowing it has become a bit of an anachronism in our highly connected world, largely unnecessary when you can hook up with friends via the internet or get around heavily congested urban areas cheaply and with less aggravation using ride-share services such as Uber and Lyft.
“We've got to figure out how to better incorporate the technology and things that are important to them into our vehicles, so the vehicle will be an extension of them,” said Pericak, who pointed to voice controls and autonomous cars as two of the most intriguing developments.
“Just like iPads and iPhones are an extension of who they are, an extension of their freedom. Our freedom was getting in a car and blasting down the road. It's just totally different now.”
Adding to the challenge: Environmental concerns that are particularly relevant to young people, many of whom view racing as an energy-guzzling pursuit that, at least symbolically, contributes to climate change.
Pericak said it's not unfathomable to envision a time when stock cars are powered by electricity, not fossil fuels.
“It was a shocker to me,” he said. “For the younger generation, the environment absolutely matters. The more we can look at hybrid technology and show responsibility as automakers, it will resonate with the younger generation. They will appreciate that.”
In the meantime, NASCAR is taking numerous steps toward connecting with potential fans of the future.
Starting this year, free tickets were offered to those 12 and under for Xfinity and truck series races. More than 10,000 schools are using racing-related materials to study aerodynamics and NASCAR's “Three D's of Speed” — drag, downforce and drafting. There are summer programs designed to bring kids closer to the sport, and an increased emphasis on connecting with young fans through social media platforms.
Even that most traditional method of reaching the fan base — the paid sponsorship — often has a youth-oriented theme. For instance, two September races at Chicagoland Speedway were sponsored by Nickelodeon and the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles movies.
“There are a lot of kids that are growing up in a social media environment, whereas my generation didn't,” said Dale Earnhardt Jr., long the sport's most popular driver but retiring at the end of the year. “They are on these different platforms and we need to go there with people they relate to, to connect to them in those areas.”
Pericak isn't worried that racing will go the way of the dinosaur. He still sees a fascination with speed and high-tech machines that spans the generations. He knows we are still a nation that relies almost totally on the automobile to get around.
But the current trends do not bode well for NASCAR, even more so than other forms of racing.
The sports have always relied on the association they have with actual street machines, which is why they still pass off today's sleek racers as the Ford Fusion, Chevrolet SS and Toyota Camry. It's a selling technique that ties into America's long love affair with the automobile, a way to build brand loyalty and keep cars moving off the lots.
There was a time when cars such as the General Lee (“Dukes of Hazzard”) and KITT (“Knight Rider”) were the stars.
No longer.
And if fewer young people are driving, and even when they finally do it's more out of necessity than any affection for being at the wheel, it could strike at the very core of NASCAR.
It already is.
——
Paul Newberry is a sports columnist for The Associated Press. Write to him at pnewberry//apnews.com/search/paul%20newberry
——
AP Sports Writer Dan Gelston in Long Pond, Pennsylvania contributed to this column.
——
For more AP racing coverage: http://racing.ap.org/
HIGASHISHIRAKAWA, Japan (AP) - A U.S. Marine who served in the Pacific during World War II is in a remote village in Japan to return a flag he took from the body of a fallen Japanese soldier 73 years ago.
Marvin Strombo knew the calligraphy-covered flag was more than a keepsake of the war. It was a treasure that would fill a void for the dead man's family, but Strombo didn't know how deep that void was.
The flag he is to hand over to Sadao Yasue's siblings Tuesday will be the first trace of their brother. The Japanese authorities only gave them a wooden box containing a few rocks, a substitution for the remains that have never been returned.
Strombo has said he also plans to explain to them how their brother died.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
PLA troops patrolling Dokalam to exercise sovereignty: China
Press Trust of India, Beijing, Oct 6 2017, 20:46 IST
The Chinese soldiers are merely exercising China's sovereignty, claimed the Chinese Foreign Ministry. Reuters photo for representation.
China today defended the presence of its troops in the Dokalam area, over a month after the standoff with India ended, saying its soldiers are patrolling the region, also claimed by Bhutan, to exercise Beijing's sovereignty.
"The Donglang (Doklam) area has always belonged to China and has been under the effective jurisdiction of China," the Chinese Foreign Ministry told PTI here in response to questions about a report that the People's Liberation Army (PLA) is beefing up troops in the area.
"There is no dispute. The Chinese border forces have been patrolling in the area of Donglang, exercising their sovereign rights and safeguarding territorial sovereignty according to the historical boundary," the ministry said in a written response.
The 73-day Dokalam standoff which began on June 16 over PLA's plans to build a road in area claimed by Bhutan, ended on August 28 following mutual agreement between India and China.
Recent reports in India said China has beefed up its troop strength in the area.
Yesterday, IAF chief Air Chief Marshal B S Dhanoa said Chinese troops were currently present in the Chumbi Valley, which is in the Dokalam Plateau, and added that a peaceful resolution of the issue would be in the interest of both countries.
"The two sides are not in a physical face-off as we speak. However, their forces in Chumbi Valley are still deployed and I expect them to withdraw as their exercise in the area gets over," Dhanoa said.
About Foreign Secretary S Jaishankar's visit to Bhutan, the first such visit after the Dokalam standoff, the Chinese Foreign Ministry said "although China and Bhutan have not yet established diplomatic relations, the two countries have maintained traditional friendly relations".
It said China has always respected Bhutan's sovereignty and independence.
"China hopes that other countries also respect Bhutan's sovereignty and independence and develop normal bilateral relations with Bhutan, at the same time also hopes it can help enhance the mutual trust between regional countries, safeguarding regional peace and stability," it said.
CHARLOTTE, Mich. (AP) — A distraught father seething over sexual abuse suffered by three daughters tried to attack former sports doctor Larry Nassar in a Michigan courtroom after a judge rejected his request to confront the “demon” in a locked room, a stunning rush that reflected the anguish felt by parents who trusted him with their children.
Randall Margraves was blocked by an attorney, tackled by sheriff's deputies and hauled out of court Friday. He later apologized, saying he had lost control. Eaton County Judge Janice Cunningham said there was “no way” she would fine him or send him to jail under her contempt-of-court powers.
“I don't know what it would be like to stand there as a father and know that three of your girls were injured physically and emotionally by somebody sitting in a courtroom. I can't imagine that,” the judge said.
Nonetheless, she added, it is “not acceptable that we combat assault with assault.”
The incident occurred during the third and final sentencing hearing for Nassar, who has admitted to sexually assaulting girls under the guise of medical treatment. This case focuses on his work at Twistars, an elite gymnastics club southwest of Lansing.
Nassar, 54, already will spend the rest of his life in prison. He was sentenced last week to 40 to 175 years in prison for assaults at Michigan State University and his home and was ordered in December to spend 60 years in a federal prison for child pornography crimes.
Nassar pleaded guilty to molesting nine victims in Eaton and Ingham counties, but the courts have been open to anyone who says she was assaulted during his decades of work at Michigan State, Twistars and USA Gymnastics, which trains Olympians. More than 200 accusers so far have spoken or submitted statements in the two counties, and at least 80 percent have agreed to be publicly identified.
Margraves' dramatic move occurred after he listened to two of his daughters speak in court for 10 minutes. Lauren Margraves, a college student, said her parents were “filled with regret” because they took three daughters to see Nassar for sports injuries.
“I see the look in their faces and I know they want to be able to do something but they can't,” she told Nassar. “The guilt they have will never go away. All this is because of you.”
Her father then stepped up and asked the judge if she would grant him “five minutes in a locked room with this demon.” Cunningham declined and also turned down his request for “one minute.” That is when Randall Margraves rushed toward Nassar.
There were gasps and tears in the courtroom. Assistant Attorney General Angela Povilaitis turned to the gallery and told families to “use your words,” not violence.
“This is letting him have this power over us,” she said. “We cannot behave like this.”
During a return to court, Margraves told the judge that he just snapped. He said he had not known what exactly his daughters were going to say about their abuse.
“I look over here and Larry Nassar's shaking his head, no, like it didn't happen. … I'm embarrassed,” Margraves said of his conduct. “I'm not here to upstage my daughters. I'm here to help them heal.”
About 30 more people spoke in person, by video or had statements read after the incident. The case will end Monday with final remarks from the prosecutor, defense and Nassar, followed by the judge's sentence. Nassar faces a minimum of 25 to 40 years in prison.
At a news conference, Margraves repeated his apology and insisted he's “no hero.”
“My daughters are the heroes, and all the victims and the survivors of this terrible atrocity,” he said.
Melissa Alexander Vigogne, who traveled from France to speak, said she was surprised that an attack had not been attempted earlier.
“It's not that that's how we should respond. But it's truly understandable — the amount of pain that we've all gone through,” Vigogne said outside court.
Sheriff Tom Reich said his officers will investigate what happened in court and send a report to the local prosecutor.
The judge started the day by addressing comments made by a Nassar lawyer who said she had doubts about the large number of women and girls who say they were assaulted by Nassar. Cunningham called Shannon Smith's remarks “unfortunate” and said Nassar did not authorize them.
Smith told Detroit radio station WWJ that it is “really unfortunate” if some people stepped forward only because of all the recent attention. Nassar released a statement saying Smith's comments were a distraction and that his accusers' remarks “have pierced my soul.”
Many of Nassar's accusers have blamed Michigan State, USA Gymnastics and the U.S. Olympic Committee for not doing earlier to stop him. The USOC announced Friday that it hired a law firm to conduct an independent investigation. And the coordinator of the women's national team for USA Gymnastics, Valeri Liukin, said he was stepping down.
Anna Friel's detective underwent a shocking transformation in the last moments of series two – will Marcella be back for series three? Hans Rosenfeldt answers our questions...
“It's nice to go out with a boom,” Marcella writer Hans Rosenfeldt told RadioTimes.com when reflecting on the savage series two finale. And go out with a boom, it did.
Advertisement
The final episode of the chilling ITV drama saw the life of Anna Friel's tortured detective unravel to devastating effect.
Scroll down to read Rosenfeldt's answers to our biggest questions – but first, recap what exactly happened:
What happened in the finale?
Marcella discovered that Samantha's mother, Jane Colletti, was in fact the serial killer murdering children in order to “keep the evil in” and stop them from growing up to become abusers.
The detective then realised that her son Edward had been kidnapped by Jane, and was going to be her next victim. She went off in pursuit of Jane and the pair had an almighty face-off, which included Marcella actually cutting Samantha's neck with a blade to force her deranged mother Jane to release Edward.
If that wasn't dramatic enough, Marcella then worked out after hypnotic therapy that she had accidentally killed her baby Juliette by shaking her too hard all those years ago. Racked with the guilt of it all, Marcella signed over sole custody of her children to her ex-husband Jason.
She went to throw herself off a building, but colleague Rav came to the rescue and coaxed her away from the edge. Marcella told him about Juliette and then, out of nowhere, attacked him with the cistern lid of a toilet and handcuffed him to the edge of a cubicle.
Marcella took Rav's phone and grabbed a pair of scissors. She cut off all her hair, sliced the edge of her mouth and left her M necklace in the sink, before staggering out into the street.
Then it was nine days later, and Marcella was clad in that green parka, but apparently sleeping rough under a bridge, and with a scar on her face not unlike that of the Joker.
Hans Rosenfeldt answers all your questions…
1. Why did Marcella attack and handcuff Rav? Was it because she was afraid he'd report her after what she told him about Juliette?
Hans Rosenfeldt: Yes. And I also think she just wanted him out of the way. He just talked her off the roof and she has really no idea what to do next. When she goes back into the incident room and sees the pair of scissors and all of that, that's when she subconsciously knew that she was going to try to erase herself.
2. So when she cuts off her hair, slices her mouth and abandons her necklace, that's her trying to form a new identity?
HR: She was thinking, ‘I can't be Marcella anymore. I don't want to be Marcella anymore. That's too hard for me to be, so I'm going to erase myself. Distort my face and erase myself.'
She cut her face up in order to destroy herself physically as well as being mentally broken down. Being somebody else, not being Marcella, is the main thing. She doesn't want to be Marcella anymore.
3. Was she in a dissociative state when that was happening?
HR: That's a tricky one. No, she wasn't really. I think she's in a very emotional state at that moment, I don't think she's in one of her fugues, though. She's not really thinking things through, I mean, she's devastated at that point.
4. Who is the man, played by Hugo Speer, who wants her to do work for him at the end?
HR: He works for Laura, Marcella's former boss from series one. Marcella swapped DNA with a homeless woman in series one, who is now dead. But since her DNA was recorded as Marcella's, officially Marcella is dead. It was swapped because they found blood in Grace's apartment from a struggle and every police officer had to give their DNA in order to rule them out.
They didn't have Marcella's DNA at the time because she wasn't in the force for a couple of years. It was her blood so she had to fake a DNA sample – so she swapped it with a homeless woman. We were really reaching back [to events in the first series].
And now, since she is officially dead, that's what the police officer is asking her: ‘Do you want to work undercover for us, because officially you don't exist anymore?'
5. How did he know she was under the bridge?
HR: I think that Laura, when she found out about this woman being killed in the fire, I think she just went back and thought, ‘That is not Marcella. She was very reluctant to give her DNA over, something is not right here.'
They just did good police work finding her, actually. So Laura said to Hugo Speer's character, ‘Find her, please. She's out there somewhere.'
6. When you wrote the DNA swap storyline in the first series, were you thinking it could come in handy later on?
HR: It was luck, really. I wish we'd had such foresight to say, ‘Yeah, we can use this later.' But it was pure luck.
7. Are you hoping for a third series?
HR: Yes, this was all a bit of a set up for series three, when Marcella actually goes undercover. That is about [all the information] we have, what we know about series three, if we ever get it. I have no idea when [ITV] are going to confirm if they want [it]. It's basically up to them and, of course, to see if we can get people back.
Some more unanswered questions from earlier in the series…
Why was Edward acting so strangely, crushing a mouse to death in his hand?
HR: Bringing Leo back was a big thing. As long as he didn't know what had happened to him he was kind of coping with it, but then in episode one, when [Edward] found out [Leo] actually died after leaving him on the street, I think he was just so burdened with guilt that he couldn't cope with it.
In the back of his head is also the fact that he saw his mother with his dead sister. Even though I think he was a little bit too young and it would be a little bit mature of him to put those two together in the bedroom, he saw it.
What is going on with Becky's past? The drugs and prostitution? Is there more to that story?
HR: There isn't actually anything more on that story. We just needed something for Mark to find, but there are so many bad people in our show anyway, so we didn't want to make Becky one of the bad ones as well. She was involved in circumstances that were a bit dubious, but she was genuinely one of the good girls.
Why did you need something for Mark to find?
HR: It was to get the kids back with Marcella so we could get a little bit more of her and Edward, and them going to the hypnotist. It works really well for us when Marcella is stepping a little bit over the line, like she did with Becky: having Mark finding out dirt on her, confronting her with that and then not really being able to cope with the consequences which, in this case, was the kids having to move home with her.
Why was Mark watching Marcella in her home and why did she let him get away with it?
HR: She thought, which was the right reason, that he was a bit infatuated with her. He was a little bit in love with her. He had a weird way of showing it or being close to her – which was watching her through her computer. And I think she realised that was the case.
Advertisement
We had a few scenes in the early episodes where you could see that Mark fancied her – him asking her out – but they didn't make the cut. Also she had one up on him there. He was very useful to blackmail now and then. So that's why she didn't say anything.
The State submitted a response to a Supreme Court conditional order requiring it to explain, among other things, why it has not canceled former Attorney General Yehuda Weinstein's decision not to enforce the law prohibiting holding soccer matches on Shabbat.
The state believes that the issue is complex and sensitive, and is not given to immediate, global solutions, and that the former Attorney General's temporary decision not to change the decades-old non-enforcement policy when it comes to Shabbat soccer games is a ''reasonable, relevant policy", and that actually changing the situation in practice would be the unreasonable course of action.
The issue was brought to the current Attorney General, Dr. Avichai Mandelblit, who also holds that at this time there is no room to deviate from the non-enforcement policy.
The state's response says that the Attorney General favors implementing the interim recommendations of the inter-ministerial team that was set up, and to effect a gradual reduction of Shabbat soccer games on the one hand, while finding solutions for religious players as long as Shabbat games continue, on the other.
In addition, the current legal adviser believes that the best way to regulate soccer activity is by granting a general permit, and that the Prime Minister announce his intention to reconvene the Ministerial Committee assembly authorized to consider granting a general permit for employment in soccer during the weekly day of rest, and to convene the assembly within two months.
"In this situation, the Attorney General's position acquires exceptional validity, since there is no point in changing a longstanding policy just as an examination of the possibility of granting permits is about to occur," writes the state.
All things considered, writes the state, action to reduce Shabbat soccer games while finding solutions for religious players on the one hand, and considering the possibility of issuing a Shabbat soccer permit, in order to legitimize activities which will take place on Shabbat even after the reduction on the other hand - the Attorney General's position is that his soccer enforcement policies are practical and reasonable, and there is no room to intervene and accept the petition.
The plaque before the Robert E. Lee statue celebrating “Lost Cause” and “Confederate Heroes” is GONE, as of today. https://t.co/n2V18XnxAH — Mike Signer (@MikeSigner) July 6, 2017
We voted 5-0 to rename Robert E. Lee & Stonewall Jackson Parks Emancipation & Justice Parks tonight, respectively. #changethenarrative! — Mike Signer (@MikeSigner) June 6, 2017
Below is Governor McAuliffe's statement on the planned rally in Charlottesville, VA on Saturday, August 12th: pic.twitter.com/0TbGoCEP3w — Terry McAuliffe (@GovernorVA) August 11, 2017
Participants for today's rally at Emancipation Park in Charlottesville begin to arrive. #cvilleaug12 pic.twitter.com/EoDhC5QKpZ — VA State Police (@VSPPIO) August 12, 2017
UPDATE: 2 people injured in altercation at Charlottesville rally. Injuries serious but not life-threatening #cvilleaug12 pic.twitter.com/CVPnjXQnQ0 — VA State Police (@VSPPIO) August 12, 2017
ALERT: Unlawful assembly declared for rally at Emancipation Park #cvilleaug12 pic.twitter.com/2OcchnDNFS — Charlottesville City (@CvilleCityHall) August 12, 2017
Governor McAuliffe has declared a state of emergency to aid state response to violence at Alt-Right rally in Charlottesville — Terry McAuliffe (@GovernorVA) August 12, 2017
We ALL must be united & condemn all that hate stands for. There is no place for this kind of violence in America. Lets come together as one! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 12, 2017
CPD & VSP respond to 3-vehicle crash at Water & 4th streets. Several pedestrians struck. Multiple injuries. 1/2 #cvilleaug12 pic.twitter.com/DdHYdL0Uvu — VA State Police (@VSPPIO) August 12, 2017
We will continue to follow developments in Charlottesville, and will provide whatever assistance is needed. We are ready, willing and able. pic.twitter.com/mCTYBgUePi — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 12, 2017
Very important for the nation to hear @potus describe events in #Charlottesville for what they are, a terror attack by #whitesupremacists — Marco Rubio (@marcorubio) August 12, 2017
Virginia State Police identify two officers killed in helicopter crash near Charlottesville. https://t.co/9k3oqvhte6 pic.twitter.com/g5jh2NVwF8 — ABC News (@ABC) August 13, 2017
Charlottesville Police announce arrest of James Alex Fields, Jr. pic.twitter.com/NIANjfPGwV — ABC 13 News - WSET (@ABC13News) August 13, 2017
At least three people have died in relation to the demonstrations in Charlottesville, Virginia over the weekend. Here is a timeline of events leading up to and surrounding the violence.The Charlottesville City Council votes to remove a statue of Confederate war hero Robert E. Lee.Several groups and individuals filed a lawsuit against the Charlottesville City Council. They said that the removal would violate the terms of the statue's donor and that it would go against laws surrounding war statues.A group protesting the removal of the statue gathered, carrying torches, in what was then called Robert E. Lee Park, where the statue is located. They were met by counter-protesters A plaque is removed from in front of the Robert E. Lee statue.Robert E. Lee Park is renamed Emancipation Park, the city's mayor announced.Virginia Governor Terry McAuliffe released a statement about planned security for the "Unite the Right" white nationalist rally, which was planned in part to protest the removal of the statue. He said that participants had the right to exercise their freedom of speech, but that he found their views "abhorrent." He urged demonstrators of every view point to make alternative plans.After the city of Charlottesville had lobbied for a change in venue due to the size of the event, a judge ruled that the event could remain in Emancipation Park as planned.Hundreds of white nationalists, some wielding torches, gathered at the University of Virginia ahead of Saturday's larger rally. Their chants included phrases such as "white lives matter," "you will not replace us," and the Nazi-associated phrase "blood and soil." The mayor of Charlottesville called it a "cowardly parade of hatred, bigotry, racism, and intolerance."Demonstrators begin gathering at least three and a half hours before the event is scheduled to start.Violence breaks out between protesters and counter-protestors. Virginia Police say there are two people who have injuries that are "serious but not life-threatening."The event is declared an unlawful assembly by law enforcement.After the violence pours out into the streets of Charlottesville, Gov. McAuliffe declares a state of emergency.President Trump tweets, calling for unity.A car plows into a crowd of people. One counter-protester, 32-year-old Heather Heyer, is killed. At least 19 other people were sent to the hospital.President Trump addressed the nation, condemning the violence "on many sides" and saying "We must love each other, respect each other and cherish our history and our future together."The president's remarks were met with criticism from both sides, with many calling for Trump to call out and condemn the white nationalists groups by name.Two policemen were killed when their helicopter crashed as they were responding to the day's events. They were identified as Lt. H. Jay Cullen and Trooper-Pilot Berke M.M. Bates.Police announce an arrest in the car-ramming incident, 20-year-old James Alex Fields, Jr. from Ohio. He was charged with second-degree murder.A White House spokesperson released a statement saying that the president condemns white nationalists groups."The president said very strongly in his statement yesterday that he condemns all forms of violence, bigotry and hatred," the statement reads, "and of course that includes white supremacists, KKK, neo-Nazi and all extremist groups. He called for national unity and bringing all Americans together."Solidarity events took place around the country on Sunday, and more are planned for Monday. Democratic group Indivisible told Vox that nearly 700 such events have already been planned.
LITTLE ROCK, Ark. — Devin Mitchell scored a career-high 38 points to lead Georgia State to its ninth straight Sun Belt Conference victory, an 81-51 thrashing of Little Rock on Saturday night.
The Panthers ran away with this one in the second half in preparation for their showdown with league-leader Louisiana on Thursday. Georgia State (18-6, 9-2) will host the Ragin' Cajuns, who have won 10 straight and remain undefeated in conference play.
Georgia State started its current win streak by beating Little Rock in Atlanta 73-64 last month.
Mitchell nailed a career-best 10 of 13 from beyond the arc while grabbing six rebounds and dishing out four assists. D'Marcus Simonds added 12 points with eight assists, and Jordan Session chipped in 11 points with nine rebounds and two blocks.
The Panthers spotted Little Rock a 5-0 lead before going on a 20-4 run and finished the first half with a 38-24 lead. They won the second period 43-27.
Georgia State drained 15 of 27 from distance while hitting 27 of 50 field-goal attempts.
Cameron Corcoran had 18 points for Little Rock (5-19, 2-9).
NOFX are making news in the year 2018 because of some ill-advised stage banter regarding the Las Vegas shooting during their Punk Rock Bowling & Music Festival set in Las Vegas on Sunday. According to footage shared by X1075 DJs Dave Farra and Jason Mahoney, the offending exchange looks like it takes place between NOFX frontman Fat Mike and guitarist Eric Melvin. The footage was picked up by TMZ on Wednesday.
It starts with Fat Mike saying “We played a song about Muslims and we didn't get shot. Hooray.” Then Melvin responded “I guess you only get shot in Vegas if you are in a country band.” Fat Mike then finished the bit with “at least they were country fans and not punk rock fans.” Some audible groans picked up on the video suggest that the joke didn't go over well with the crowd.
Fat Mike came back with “you were all thinking it!”
The Southern California punk band is known for reveling in its own tastelessness, but this wasn't a good look, kind of like how it wasn't a good look for the band to create all access passes with Bill Cosby's photo during the Fat Wreck Chords 25th anniversary shows in 2015.
NOFX thought it would be “hilarious” to joke about the October 1 shootings while on stage in Las Vegas. They said “at least they were country fans and not punk rock fans”. This is disgusting and callous. We will never support anything involving this band ever again. pic.twitter.com/am3R8QJIE6 — Dave and Mahoney (@DaveAndMahoney) May 30, 2018
The NOFX members were referencing the Route 91 Harvest Festival shooting which left 59 people dead and over 500 injured in October 2017.
No matter how complimentary you are, when comparing a rookie shortstop to that of Yankees great Derek Jeter, one would be wise to take caution.
I for one an not a fan of comparing players of different eras. From one year to the next, the game evolves and so do the players. I mean, if you were to compare relievers of yesteryear to the way Terry Francona used Andrew Miller during the 2016 Postseason, you'd have no historical lineage to pull from. That's why, when Jim Callis of MLB.com compared Atlanta Braves top prospect Dansby Swanson to arguably, the greatest Yankees shortstop of all-time, I cringed.
In Callis' defense, he did say comparing the two doesn't mean Swanson will be a first-ballot Hall of Famer but did state this isn't the first time he's made the Jeter/Swanson claim — as he feels their styles and personalities match one another.
Like Jeter, Swanson should hit for a high average with moderate power (albeit good pop for a shortstop) and a decent amount of walks. He has similar quickness and should provide 20 or so steals per year. Swanson is a solid defender and likely a better shortstop than Jeter was, though he probably won't match The Captain's five Gold Glove Awards. Swanson's charisma is reminiscent of Jeter's as well. Relative to the market sizes, Swanson will become as big a star in his hometown as Jeter was in New York.
Funny thing is I didn't read anything about Swanson potentially winning five World Series Championships. Which is precisely the reason I would never compare the two — at least not until the 22-year-old former Vanderbilt product plays a full season in the big leagues!
That's the thing that separates Jeter from most other great players — the hand full of rings. Likening a guy with 145 career Major League plate appearances is a disservice to Swanson — in terms of having to live up to the enormous hype of being “the next Jeter,” — and Jeter himself, stating that a kid with only a little over a year and a half of Minor League ball under his belt will do anything on the field similar to that of the Yankee great.
I'm sure Braves fans will say that Callis was simply being complimentary, and I would agree. But why not take a look at the other phenomenal young shortstops that currently play in the Majors to compare and contrast to. If I'm a rival organizational scout, I want to know how Swanson stacks up against Corey Seager, Francisco Lindor, Carlos Correa, Trea Turner — I could go on.
This is what matters — not how Swanson who batted .302/.361/.442 with three home runs and 17 RBI in 38 games in 2016 with the Braves, measures up to a man, who in my opinion should be a unanimous selection into the Baseball Hall of Fame in 2020 — surpassing Ken Griffey Jr. 99.3% this past year.
I was fortunate enough to catch a glimpse of Swanson in action last spring against the Mets at Disney's Wide World of Sports in Lake Buena Vista, Florida — and I'll admit, the triple he ripped down the line — then flew into third base head first was an absolute thing of beauty.
So yeah, he has all the tools to add his name to that ever-growing list of fantastic young game-changers, but let's pump the breaks on the accolades for just a second.
Want your voice heard? Join the Yanks Go Yard team!
Let the kid prove he belongs at the Major League level before saddling him with somewhat unreal expectations. Because anytime you compare a player to Derek Jeter, you'd be remiss to exclude the fact of what he accomplished in the Postseason.
More from Yanks Go Yard
This article originally appeared on
(AP Photo/Felipe Dana). South Korea's Choe Un Song, covered with a blanket, is carried on a stretcher after a crash during a Men's Short Track Speed Skating training session ahead of the 2018 Winter Olympics in Gangneung, South Korea, Friday, Feb. 2, 2...
(AP Photo/Felipe Dana). South Korea's Choe Un Song, left and Jong Kwang Bom during a Men's Short Track Speed Skating training session ahead of the 2018 Winter Olympics in Gangneung, South Korea, Friday, Feb. 2, 2018.
(AP Photo/Felipe Dana). South Korea's Choe Un Song, top right, skates during a Men's Short Track Speed Skating training session ahead of the 2018 Winter Olympics in Gangneung, South Korea, Friday, Feb. 2, 2018.
By HYUNG-JIN KIM
Associated Press
GANGNEUNG, South Korea (AP) - North Korean skaters attending this month's Winter Olympics in South Korea began their training Friday, and one was injured during his first practice. A giant North Korean flag hanging from a North Korean apartment in the athletes' village also captured the media spotlight.
Short-track speed skater Choe Un Song fell and slid into a padded wall during his practice at the Gangneung Ice Arena with his teammate Jong Kwang Bom. Players from Italy and France skated with the North Koreans, but there was little interaction between them.
The 25-year-old was taken to a nearby hospital, and officials later said he was released after a laceration on his ankle was treated. Jong and a North Korean coach didn't respond to questions from journalists as they left the venue.
A pair of North Korean figure skaters also practiced at the arena earlier Friday.
They are among 10 North Korean athletes who arrived Thursday evening in the second and final group of a total of 22 athletes from North Korea who will attend the Winter Games. The other 12 athletes, all female hockey players, came to South Korea last week to practice with South Korean teammates with whom they have formed the first-ever joint Korean team in the Olympics.
The Koreas are in a rare Olympics-inspired reconciliation mood after a year of heightened animosities over North Korea's advancing nuclear and missile programs. They agreed to march together in the Feb. 9 opening ceremony and on North Korea sending a 230-member cheering group and a 140-person art troupe to the South during the games.
On Thursday, a massive North Korean flag hung across three floors of the North Korean delegation's apartments at the Gangneung athletes' village. Many other national flags were also displayed on the balconies of their athletes' rooms, but South Korean media reported that the North's flag was the largest. A day earlier, a smaller North Korean flag joined the flags of countries taking part in the games at a small plaza in the village.
Displaying a North Korean national flag in a public place is normally prohibited in South Korea under its strict anti-North Korean security law. But South Korea allows exceptions when it hosts international events that draw North Korean delegations.
Last month, anti-North activists burned a North Korean flag along with a large photo of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un as the head of a popular North Korean girl band passed them during a pre-Olympics visit to South Korea.
Some experts see the North's cooperation in the South Korean-hosted Olympics as an attempt to use improved inter-Korean ties as a way to weaken U.S.-led international sanctions against North Korea.
In Washington, President Donald Trump said the inter-Korean dialogue concerning the Olympics is "a good thing, not a bad thing," but added a word of caution.
"It's a very tricky situation. We're going to find out how it goes. But we think the Olympics will go very nicely, and after that, who knows? We'll find out. We'll find out pretty soon, I suspect," Trump told reporters in the Oval Office as he met with a group of North Korean defectors.
Earlier Friday, Trump spoke by phone with leaders of South Korea and Japan to ask them to keep up the pressure on North Korea.
Many conservatives also question why North Korean flags are allowed in South Korea while South Korean skiers who recently participated in a goodwill event at a North Korean ski resort weren't allowed to display their national flags on their uniforms.
Near the Gangneung athletes' village, Cho Kyung Soon, a 44-year-old real estate agent, said she found no problem with the giant North Korean flag, which she can see from her office. "I don't think they can gain a big propaganda achievement by putting up one national flag ... I think they may want to get on the good side of Kim Jong-un," she said.
Chung Ui-hong, a 65-year-old janitor at a nearby apartment, said he could accept the North's flag in the South, but added, "Do you think there is anyone who feels good when they see a North Korean flag?"
___
Associated Press writer Kim Tong-hyung in Seoul and Jill Colvin in Washington contributed to this report.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
(AP Photo/Eric Gay). San Antonio Spurs head coach Gregg Popovich talks to his players during the first half in Game 2 of a first-round NBA basketball playoff series against the Memphis Grizzlies, Monday, April 17, 2017, in San Antonio.
(AP Photo/Eric Gay). Memphis Grizzlies guard Vince Carter (15) is held by teammate Brandan Wright (34) after he was called for a technical foul during the first half in Game 2 of a first-round NBA basketball playoff series against the San Antonio Spurs...
(AP Photo/Eric Gay). San Antonio Spurs guard Manu Ginobili (20) drives around Memphis Grizzlies guard Vince Carter (15) during the second half in Game 2 of a first-round NBA basketball playoff series, Monday, April 17, 2017, in San Antonio.
(AP Photo/Eric Gay). San Antonio Spurs forward Kawhi Leonard (2) shoots over Memphis Grizzlies guard Vince Carter (15) during the second half in Game 2 of a first-round NBA basketball playoff series, Monday, April 17, 2017, in San Antonio.
(AP Photo/Eric Gay). San Antonio Spurs forward Kawhi Leonard (2) shoots over Memphis Grizzlies center Marc Gasol (33) during the second half in Game 2 of a first-round NBA basketball playoff series, Monday, April 17, 2017, in San Antonio.
By RAUL DOMINGUEZAssociated Press
SAN ANTONIO (AP) - Kawhi Leonard had a postseason career-high 37 points and added 11 rebounds and the San Antonio Spurs beat the Memphis Grizzlies 96-82 on Monday night to take a 2-0 lead in their first-round series.
San Antonio led for all but 13 seconds in winning its 10th consecutive postseason game over Memphis.
Leonard finished the game 9 for 14 from the field and was 19 for 19 on free throws.
Tony Parker added 15 points for the Spurs, who had three others score in double figures.
Mike Conley scored 24 points, Zach Randolph had 18 points and Marc Gasol added 12 points for the Grizzlies.
Game 3 is Thursday night in Memphis.
The Grizzlies forced seven turnovers while outscoring the Spurs 34-19 in the opening 16 minutes of the second half. Conley, Gasol and Randolph accounted for 21 points.
Memphis closed within 75-71 early in the fourth quarter, but San Antonio responded with 3-pointers by Parker and Pau Gasol in rebuilding their double-digit lead.
San Antonio had a better start than in Game 1. Leonard made sure of that.
Leonard opened the game by making his first three shots and four free throws as the Spurs built a 13-point lead, the same deficit they faced in the opening period Saturday.
Unlike Game 1, there was no coming back from that deficit for Memphis.
San Antonio had a 26-point lead in the first half on the strength of its outside shooting. The Spurs only had 12 points in the paint, but got two 3-pointers from Parker and Danny Green, in building a 26-point lead in the first half.
TIP-INS
Grizzlies: Memphis was 2-0 at home against San Antonio in the regular season, winning both games by an 11-point average. ... Vince Carter was assessed with a technical foul in the first half after attempting to head-butt Kyle Anderson. Carter was upset he nearly fell on the opposite end of the court, believing Anderson had pushed him from behind. ... Randolph had his 21st double-double this season and his first of this postseason after being limited to six points and three rebounds in Game 1.
Spurs: LaMarcus Aldridge has scored in double figures in all 12 playoff games with the Spurs. He became the fifth player since 2006 to score 1,000 points in his first 46 playoff games, joining Stephen Curry, Kevin Durant, James Harden and Russell Westbrook. ... Danny Green has 162 3-pointers in the postseason, passing Bruce Bowen (161) for second in franchise history behind Manu Ginobili's 309. ... San Antonio coach Gregg Popovich has 160 postseason victories, which is third in league history behind Phil Jackson (229) and Pat Riley (171).
PATIENTLY WAITING
Memphis forward Tony Allen remains out with a right calf injury and Memphis coach David Fizdale is still unsure if Allen will return in the opening round.
"He's not going to play tonight, that's all I know," Fizdale said. "I just take it game by game. Honestly, I don't want to get too far ahead, get too up or too down when it comes to that situation. I'm just hoping for the best."
___
More NBA basketball: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Police have arrested a Utah woman believed to be the pajama-wearing robber in at least six bank robberies in the Salt Lake City area, including five in less than two hours on Saturday morning.
Unified police Lt. Brian Lohrke (LOHR'-key) said Monday that 40-year-old Nannette Perkins was arrested Sunday at her Taylorsville home after Salt Lake City police received a tip about her identity.
Lohrke says the robber did little to hide her appearance.
She wore pajama bottoms, eyeglasses and a blue bandanna over dark hair in a ponytail while allegedly robbing banks in Cottonwood Heights, Salt Lake City, Sandy, Holliday and West Valley City.
Lohrke says he doesn't know what Perkins was wearing when she was arrested.
She's being held at the Salt Lake County jail pending an initial court appearance.
Blue Whale: Class 9 student saved by teacher in Rajasthan
Press Trust of India, Sikar/Jaipur, Oct 6 2017, 19:42 IST
The boy reportedly claimed that he 'cleared' three stages of the game, prompting his teacher to intervene. Representative image.
A class 9 student of Rajasthan's Jhunjhunu district who had reached advanced stages of the 'Blue Whale Challenge' was prevented from taking the fatal plunge, thanks to a prompt intervention by his teacher.
The boy claimed three of his classmates were also playing the controversial game, Jhunjhunu district collector, Dinesh Kumar Yadav said today.
"The boy is terrified and is now being counselled," he said.
The incident came into light after the victim, a student of state-run Jatia Government Senior Secondary School, was overheard by his teacher that he had cleared "three stages of the game".
Yadav said the student had installed the game on his mobile phone which has now been taken into the custody.
School principal Kamlesh Kumar said the institute had been advising students about the ill-effects of the game in morning prayer sessions. He said the children were also being counselled on the matter.
"On directions of the district collector, a psychiatrist from Jhunjhunu and senior officials of the state school education department counselled students," he said.
Why it matters to you Buried landmines injure tens of thousands of civilians every year. This innovative technique may help detect the explosives before they detonate.
A team of researchers at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem have developed an innovative new method for detecting buried land mines, and it combines two unconventional tools: lasers and fluorescent bacteria.
Civilians around the world are continually impacted by live land mines left over from wartime. Detecting the land mines is difficult and removing them is obviously dangerous. And every year, between 15,000 and 20,000 people are hurt or killed by the devices. As many as 110 million buried land mines have been laid in more than 70 countries since the 1960s, according to the United Nations. Millions are still buried and unexploded.
Over the past few years, a number of creative methods have emerged for detecting and detonating land mines, including Massoud Hassani's windblown device and drone-based system called Mine Kafon.
The new Hebrew University method is inspired by the fact that soils collect trace amounts of explosive vapors that leak out of land mines. Detecting the vapors helps detect the land mine.
The researchers genetically engineered bacteria to give off a fluorescent signals when contacted by the explosive vapors. They then packed the bacteria into small beads and sprinkled them across the top layer of a test site that had land mines buried underneath. From a safe distance, they scanned the site with a laser and successfully detected the location of the land mines. A paper detailing the study was published last week in the journal Nature Biotechnology.
“Our field data show that engineered biosensors may be useful in a land mine detection system,” said Shimshon Belkin, who was in charge of engineering the bacteria.
However, he pointed out there were a few more obstacles ahead: “For this to be possible, several challenges need to be overcome, such as enhancing the sensitivity and stability of the sensor bacteria, improving scanning speeds to cover large areas, and making the scanning apparatus more compact so it can be used on board a light unmanned aircraft or drone.”
Stocks moved higher in morning trading Wednesday after several big U.S. companies reported strong quarterly results. Technology companies accounted for much of the market's gain, outweighing losses in health care and other sectors. Oil prices headed lower. The market was coming off a two-day losing streak and its biggest drop since August.
KEEPING SCORE: The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 8 points, or 0.3 percent, to 2,830 as of 10:43 a.m. Eastern Time. The Dow Jones industrial average gained 185 points, or 0.7 percent, to 24,262. The Nasdaq added 34 points, or 0.5 percent, to 7,436. The Russell 2000 index of smaller-company stocks picked up 6 points, or 0.4 percent, to 1,589.
THE FED SPEAKS: Investors were awaiting the Federal Reserve's latest policy statement, which was due out Wednesday afternoon. The statement follows a two-day meeting of the central bank's policymakers, including Fed Chair Janet Yellen, who is stepping down when her term expires at the end of this week. The Fed has signaled it could raise its benchmark interest rate three times this year, but analysts don't expect the first hike to be announced before the Fed's March meeting.
TECH SURGE: Technology companies posted solid gains, recouping some of their losses from a day earlier. Chipmaker Advanced Micro Devices added 72 cents, or 5.6 percent, to $13.59, while Electronic Arts rose $11.58, or 9.8 percent, to $130.28.
HIGH FLYER: Boeing climbed 5.8 percent after the aerospace giant's latest quarterly earnings topped Wall Street's expectations. The stock, which has been the biggest gainer in the Dow over the past year, added $19.75 to $357.46.
ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude fell 14 cents to $64.36 per barrel on the New York Mercantile Exchange. Brent crude, used to price international oils, declined 16 cents to $68.36 in London.
BOND YIELDS: Bond prices fell. The yield on the 10-year Treasury fell to 2.73 percent from 2.72 percent late Tuesday.
CURRENCIES: The dollar rose to 108.94 yen from 108.78 yen on Tuesday. The euro strengthened to $1.2454 from $1.2404.
MARKETS OVERSEAS: Germany's DAX was flat, while France's CAC 40 gained 0.1 percent. London's FTSE 100 fell 0.4 percent. In Asia, Tokyo's Nikkei 225 fell 0.8 percent, while Hong Kong's Hang Seng rose 0.9 percent. Sydney's S&P-ASX 200 added 0.3 percent.
December 1 – Malcolm Hill scored 20 points to help Illinois close out a 75-70 win over Ohio State on Sunday night at State Farm Center.
Tracy Abrams added 16 points and Leron Black grabbed a career-high 15 rebounds for Illinois.
Hill drove to his left for a layup to give the Illini a 71-67 lead with 55-seconds left. Jalen Coleman-Lands and Abrams each made two free throws from there to seal it.
Illinois (11-4, 1-1 Big Ten) looked like a different team against the Buckeyes, making stops and going on runs to help its lead. The Illini built a lead that reached as much as 15 points in the latter part of the first half after the Buckeyes went through a couple of scoring droughts.
The Illinois bench out-scored Ohio State's 25-9, led by big men Michael Finke and Maverick Morgan with 12 and 11 points, respectively.
JaQuan Lyle led Ohio State (10-4, 0-1 Big Ten) with 26 points.
Ohio State couldn't rebound from scoring droughts in both halves despite a hot start to the second in which it took the lead in the final five minutes of the game.
Marc Loving and Kam Williams added 10 points apiece for the Buckeyes.
Source: AP
Balcome, a 6-foot, 10-inch, 210-pound forward, had a few other scholarship offers on the table. He had visited many of the other Northern Sun Intercollegiate Conference schools, but none of them left the impression that Northern State did in Aberdeen, South Dakota.
"I got to the campus and the coaches were so friendly," Balcome said. "They had a very nice facility and I walked into the gym and decided this is where I wanted to play basketball right there. This was even before I made a commitment. It was just an incredible experience on my visit there."
Northern State, led by head coach Paul Sather, offered him early this month. It didn't take Balcome long to make a verbal commitment as he announced his decision on Twitter on Aug. 7, thanking his parents, friends and family for helping him along the way.
"I knew once they offered me that I wasn't really going to wait," Balcome said. "That was the school I fell in love with right away. I think it was mostly the atmosphere that the town and coaches had created there. They have the highest attendance in Division II basketball for the last 10 years. The citizens of the town are so helpful. They donate tons of money, they come out to every game. It's just a basketball town, and I loved that."
Balcome, a senior this fall, will follow a couple other Alexandria natives to Aberdeen. Former Cardinal Logan Doyle is a senior this upcoming season who averaged 14.4 points, 9.2 rebounds and 1.8 blocks per game in being named first-team All-NSIC in his first season with the Wolves. Recently graduated from Kendall Kohler will be a freshman guard for the Northern State women's team this season.
Balcome plays his AAU basketball in the summer with the Minnesota Comets out of St. Cloud. He said his recruiting picked up some over the last few months playing in tournaments as far away as Dallas and Las Vegas. Northern State came into the picture a little later in the recruiting process, but it didn't take long for Sather and his staff to leave an impression.
"They had talked to me about two weeks before coming into my last AAU tournament in Las Vegas," Balcome said. "They said they were planning on coming out to watch me. The next weekend he set up a visit for us. I didn't really know a whole lot about the coaches at Northern, but he was more than friendly. One of the greatest guys I've met, and I couldn't be more excited to play for him."
Balcome is also excited about the opportunity to play in a league like the NSIC, a perennially strong conference that produced the national champion in 2016 at Augustana University.
"It's been called the toughest Division II conference in the country for good reason, I believe," Balcome said. "Every night is a chance to win on either side. All the teams are so talented and so tough. It's just a great atmosphere."
Balcome said coaches at Northern State like his versatility. He showed his ability to shoot from three last winter and also make plays inside. That's an intriguing combination for coaches who like having guys who can play multiple positions.
"They like that going into my freshman year they don't need to play me at the three, four or the five," Balcome said. "I can play any three of them with any of the other guys they have there right now."
Balcome says his focus heading into his senior season for the Cardinals is becoming a more dominant low-post presence.
"Especially with those good seniors gone - Jake Drew, Spencer Hockert, Jaran Roste, we're going to miss them a lot," he said. "(Junior guard) Trey (Hoepner) and I are going to have to take on a bigger role, and I think a big part of that is I need to be dominant inside and get my teammates other good looks on the three point line."
Balcome knows that's something Alexandria head coach Forrest Witt wants to see out of him. He says he's ready to keep adding that to his game before heading off to Northern State in the fall of 2018.
"Coach Witt will set up sets and run plays that get me those looks (in the post) and get my teammates the looks that come off of it," Balcome said. "Coach Witt is a great coach. He'll figure that out for all of us. It's something to look forward to."
Seven years before Greg Galeazzi put on a white coat at Harvard Medical School, he wore Army fatigues while serving a year-long deployment in Afghanistan.
In May 2011 a roadside bomb tore off Captain Galeazzi's legs and much of his right arm, just a month before he was expecting to return home.
“It felt like I was an empty coke can on train tracks getting hit by a freight train moving at 100 miles per hour,” said Galeazzi.
Without a medic on the ground, there was no available pain medication.
“All I could do was scream,” Galeazzi recalled. “It's hard to put into words that sickening, nauseating feeling to see that my legs were just gone.”
Due to his unit's remote position in northern Afghanistan, Galeazzi had little hope of receiving timely medical support.
“I put my head back and just thought, 'I'm dead,'” he said.
He passed out. Upon waking just minutes later, he discovered that his soldiers had successfully applied tourniquets to both his legs and right arm, which had been nearly severed at the shoulder. A half hour later a Medivac helicopter arrived to take him to the trauma bay.
“What I found out then was that the real nightmare was really just beginning,” said Galeazzi.
Michael Koenigs/ABC News
He endured over 50 surgeries, hundreds of hours of physical therapy, and numerous months as a hospital in-patient.
But the traumatic experience and new limitations did not diminish Galeazzi's dream of becoming a doctor.
“Not only did I still want to practice medicine, but it strengthened my resolve to do it,” explained Galeazzi.
Over the next few years, Galeazzi took more than 18 pre-medical courses and achieved his desired score on the MCAT entrance.
Galeazzi was accepted into Harvard Medical School this past year and is the only student who uses a wheelchair in his class of 165 students. He has not yet decided what type of medicine he'll eventually practice, but is leaning toward a primary care field.
“You're that first line of defense. You need to know a little bit about everything. I like the idea of being a jack of all trades,” he said.
Galeazzi also looks forward to marrying his fiance Jazmine Romero next year.
“Even though I've gone through this journey, it's not lost on me how unbelievable this ride has been,” said Galeazzi.
Everybody stays calm, everything's under control.
As Canadian Forces teams were busy building a tent village last week to accommodate a surge of mostly Haitian asylum claimants crossing the border from upstate New York into Quebec near Saint-Bernard-de-Lacolle, that's what we were still being told by Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, Immigration Minister Ahmed Hussen and Quebec Premier Premier Philippe Couillard. Relax. We can handle it.
Of course we can handle it. Even if each of the 60,000 Haitians in the United States who are currently counting down the days to their deportation orders decides to head north and walk across the porous Canadian border into Quebec, we would be able to handle it. Canada's shambolic immigration and refugee system, with all its false boasts of orderly righteousness and its make-believe coherence, will continue to trundle along in its mostly unintelligible, sometimes brazenly corrupt and ordinarily nonsensical fashion.
So yes, stay calm. The Quebec asylum-seeker surge is not yet even close to a crisis. It's just a fiasco. It's business as usual. And everything is definitely not under control.
The northbound Haitians are not mysteriously unaware that two years ago, Canada ended the same temporary status that the United States offered Haitians following their country's devastating 2010 earthquake—a status the Trump administration is now determined to replace with deportation orders by January. Neither are all those Haitians arriving in droves on the Quebec border weirdly possessed of the notion that they will all qualify for refugee status in Canada. They won't. Earthquakes don't count, and the Haitian government insists that the emergency is passed.
We should all stop kidding ourselves, and Trudeau, Hussen, Couillard and the rest should stop trying to kid us.
RELATED:
The system that's supposed to regulate asylum claims at Canada's entry ports is broken. The 2004 Safe Third Country Agreement was supposed to prevent cross-border “asylum shopping.” It was intended to discourage asylum-seekers in the United States from trying their luck in Canada and vice-versa, but because unofficial border crossings weren't taken into account, the agreement has ended up working as a border-hopping incentive.
Immigration lawyers and politicians from former Conservative immigration minister Chris Alexander to Parti Quebecois leader Jean-François Lisée say the agreement should be suspended. That might stop would-be asylum claimants from jumping the border as a first option. But if they're determined to try their luck in Canada and they're turned back at official ports of entry, why wouldn't they just try sneaking in again?
An internal government analysis obtained by the Canadian Press in June reckons that if the rate of asylum claimants showing up in Canada continues to climb, it will take 11 years for the Immigration Review Board to adjudicate a claim filed this year. That's de facto citizenship—or at least it should be. If the rate levels off and ends up at only 28,000 claims for all of 2017, it would still take at least four years before a claimant this year gets a hearing. Hussen's announcement that he's adding a few extra staff to “process” applications won't change that.
Between January and April this year, the RCMP intercepted at least 2,700 people entering Canada from the United States at irregular border crossings from British Columbia to the Maritimes. By July 1, that figure had jumped to 4,345. But by then, the claims processed by the Canadian Border Security Agency and the “inland” offices of Immigration, Refugees and Citizenship Canada had reached 18,305. And then last month, the traffic in asylum-claimants crossing the border into Quebec took a sharp turn upwards, from 245 claimants intercepted by the Mounties near Saint-Bernard-de-Lacolle in January to nearly 1,200 in July.
By the first week of August, it was up to 150 a day. By the end of last week, it was approaching 300 a day. At this rate, asylum claims will easily surpass 28,000 this year, and that's without taking into account what will happen when the clock eventually runs out on another 300,000 temporary U.S. permit-holders from a dozen other countries, including El Salvador, Nicaragua, South Sudan and Yemen.
If past practice is anything to go by, Canada's citizenship, immigration and refugee bureaucracy will be given temporary resources and time-limited marching orders and there may even be the unveiling of some new program, but we'll end up stuck with the same fiasco by another name or in another guise. It's just the way Canada deals with these things.
Bending to an outpouring of popular outrage, Canada quite properly welcomed close to 40,000 Syrian refugees by last Christmas, but then quietly slammed the door on further private sponsorships, leaving 25,000 Syrian refugees in a private resettlement application backlog in 2017.
As for Quebec, it takes quite a bit of gall for Couillard to hector anyone about matters of principle on the immigration file.
By the time the former Conservative government shut down the scandalous cash-for-citizenship Immigrant Investor Program in 2014, so much Chinese money had been sunk into Metro Vancouver real estate that Demographia International ranked Vancouver second to last out of 378 cities on its Housing Affordability Survey. Citizenship and Immigration data showed that refugees had reported higher earnings and contributed more in tax revenue to the federal treasury than all those immigrant investors, over the life of the program.
Seeing the lucrative returns involved, Quebec ramped up its own annual immigrant-investor racket to supplant the federal program, so now we're back to square one. By last year, roughly 5,000 mostly Chinese multimillionaires each lent the Quebec government $800,000 interest-free over five years for the privilege of getting back on a plane, flying to Vancouver, and pouring more money into real estate. Peter Routledge, formerly of National Bank Financial and now an adviser to the federal finance department, reckons that in 2015 alone, $13 billion in Chinese money was sunk into Vancouver's hopelessly overheated real estate market.
Now, Ottawa is getting back in on the action, doling out roughly 800,000 10-year, multiple-entry visas to the Chinese business class over the past two years. Bonus to big-money players: unlike the pathway-to-citizenship rules that govern permanent resident status, multiple-entry visa holders don't have to meet residency requirements or declare their foreign assets to the Canada Revenue Agency.
Then there was the similarly scandal-wracked Temporary Foreign Workers Program, which was so disfigured by the abuse and exploitation of migrant workers that it had started to operate like a federally-regulated human trafficking operation. The program was scaled back and radically restructured three years ago, and only 90,000 migrant workers were employed via the program in2015. But the more benign-sounding International Mobility Program is picking up where the TFW left off. The number of IMP guest workers has skyrocketed from fewer than 100,000 to 260,000 in 2015.
So yes, do please refrain from setting your hair on fire about a few thousand Haitians who may or may not end up with temporary or permanent status or even citizenship. But don't kid yourself. Canada's immigration, citizenship and refugee incoherence is not going to be fixed with a few army tents on the border near Saint-Bernard-de-Lacolle.
TORONTO — One of the victims of a van attack that killed 10 people in Toronto have been identified as Anne Marie D'Amico.
Toronto city Counc. Cesar Palacio named the woman this morning during a council meeting at city hall.
Palacio says he's been in touch with D'Amico's parents, who are his constituents.
More coming
WASHINGTON — Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl, who was held captive by the Taliban for half a decade after abandoning his Afghanistan post, is expected to plead guilty to desertion and misbehaviour before the enemy, two individuals with knowledge of the case said.
Bergdahl's decision to plead guilty rather than face trial marks another twist in an eight-year drama that caused the nation to wrestle with difficult questions of loyalty, negotiating with hostage takers and America's commitment not to leave its troops behind. President Donald Trump has called Bergdahl a “no-good traitor” who “should have been executed.”
The decision by the 31-year-old Idaho native leaves open whether he will return to captivity for years — this time in a U.S. prison — or receive a lesser sentence that reflects the time the Taliban held him under brutal conditions. He says he had been caged, kept in darkness, beaten and chained to a bed.
Bergdahl could face up to five years on the desertion charge and a life sentence for misbehaviour.
Freed three years ago, Bergdahl had been scheduled for trial in late October. He had opted to let a judge rather than a military jury decide his fate, but a guilty plea later this month will spare the need for a trial.
Sentencing will start on Oct. 23, according to the individuals with knowledge of the case. They weren't authorized to discuss the case and demanded anonymity. During sentencing, U.S. troops who were seriously wounded searching for Bergdahl in Afghanistan are expected to testify, the individuals said.
It was unclear whether prosecutors and Bergdahl's defence team had reached any agreement ahead of sentencing about how severe a penalty prosecutors will recommend.
An attorney for Bergdahl, Eugene Fidell, declined to comment on Friday. Maj. Justin Oshana, who is prosecuting the case, referred questions to the U.S. Army, which declined to discuss whether Bergdahl had agreed to plead guilty.
“We continue to maintain careful respect for the military-judicial process, the rights of the accused and ensuring the case's fairness and impartiality during this ongoing legal case,” said Paul Boyce, an Army spokesman.
Bergdahl was a 23-year-old private first class in June 2009 when, after five months in Afghanistan, he disappeared from his remote infantry post near the Pakistan border, triggering a massive search operation.
Videos soon emerged showing Bergdahl in captivity by the Taliban, who ruled Afghanistan in the years before the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks and harboured al-Qaida leaders including Osama bin Laden as they plotted against America. For years, the U.S. kept tabs on Bergdahl with drones, spies and satellites as behind-the-scenes negotiations played out in fits and starts.
In May 2014, he was handed over to U.S. special forces in a swap for five Taliban detainees at the Guantanamo Bay prison, fueling an emotional U.S. debate about whether Bergdahl was a hero or a deserter.
As critics questioned whether the trade was worth it, President Barack Obama stood with Bergdahl's parents in the White House Rose Garden and defended the swap. The United States does not “leave our men or women in uniform behind,” Obama declared, regardless of how Bergdahl came to be captured. The Taliban detainees were sent to Qatar.
“Whatever those circumstances may turn out to be, we still get an American soldier back if he's held in captivity,” Obama said. “Period. Full stop.”
Trump, as a presidential candidate, was unforgiving of Bergdahl, who has been assigned to desk duty at a Texas Army base pending the outcome of his case. At campaign events, Trump declared that Bergdahl “would have been shot” in another era, even pantomiming the pulling of the trigger.
“We're tired of Sgt. Bergdahl, who's a traitor, a no-good traitor, who should have been executed,” Trump said at a Las Vegas rally in 2015.
Bergdahl's guilty plea will follow several pretrial rulings against him that had complicated his defence. Army Col. Jeffery R. Nance, the judge, decided in June that testimony from troops wounded as they searched for him would be allowed during sentencing, a decision that strengthened prosecutors' leverage to pursue stiffer punishment.
Some of Bergdahl's fellow soldiers want him held responsible for any harm suffered by those who went looking for him. The judge ruled a Navy SEAL and an Army National Guard sergeant wouldn't have found themselves in separate firefights if they hadn't been searching.
The defence separately argued Trump's scathing criticism unfairly swayed the case. The judge ruled otherwise. Nance wrote in February that Trump's comments were “disturbing and disappointing” but didn't constitute unlawful command influence by the soon-to-be commander in chief.
Bergdahl's lawyers also contended that misbehaviour before the enemy, the more serious charge, was legally inappropriate and too severe. They were rebuffed again. The judge said a soldier who leaves his post alone and without authorization should know he could face punishment. The misbehaviour charge has rarely been used in recent decades, though there were hundreds of cases during World War II.
Defence attorneys don't dispute that Bergdahl walked off his base without authorization. Bergdahl himself told a general during a preliminary investigation that he left intending to cause alarm and draw attention to what he saw as problems with his unit. An Army Sanity Board Evaluation concluded he suffered from schizotypal personality disorder.
The defence team has argued that Bergdahl can't be held responsible for a long chain of events that included decisions by others about how to retrieve him that were far beyond his control.
Associated Press writer Jonathan Drew in Raleigh, North Carolina, contributed to this report.
Since Donald Trump's election, Democrats have reported the highest rate of increased news consumption. (Source: Pool via CNN)
(RNN) - Whether President Donald Trump is "making America great again" depends on your perspective, but according to a new survey he's made people more informed than ever before.
A Harris Poll released Tuesday shows people consider themselves more up-to-date on political news since the 2016 election.
The poll was conducted for Dictionary.com and 53 percent of the respondents said they know more about current events than they did before the election. Half said they are reading more political news.
Democrats are far outpacing other political affiliations in news consumption with 60 percent reading more news than before. Republicans were at 50 percent and independents were the lowest with 43 percent.
Republicans were behind both groups in feeling a need to understand the words politicians use at 48 percent. Independents clocked in with 58 percent, and Democrats led the way at 65 percent.
According to Dictionary.com's analysis, words such as "alt-right," "xenophobic," "misogynist" and "executive order" were among the most searched-for during the campaign with 57 percent of people saying they pay more attention to words and phrases used by politicians.
"Alt-right" was added to Dictionary.com's site in March due to the amount of searches it received.
The results are due in large part to millennials, who reported both the greatest likelihood to look up words they don't know and the highest rate of becoming more informed. A full 60 percent said they were more informed than before. Only those aged 55-64 reported a lower than 50 percent rate.
Also among the trending words is "schadenfreude," which means taking pleasure in someone else's misfortune, some both Republicans and Democrats can endorse.
Copyright 2017 Raycom News Network. All rights reserved.
AMC
WARNING: Possible The Walking Dead spoilers ahead
The news that Andrew Lincoln will be leaving the series after a “handful” of episodes in season nine caught many fans off guard after the news broke on Tuesday. According to The Hollywood Reporter, Lincoln will exit the show “in a fashion similar to co-star Lauren Cohan” who will appear in six episodes of season nine before moving on to her ABC series Whiskey Cavalier.
Rumors about Cohan's exit spread after the season eight finale, but the loss of Lincoln's Rick from the series will see it lose the main character that is still the focus of Robert Kirkman's comic series. But according to THR, Norman Reedus might be primed to step up into the lead role for the series thanks to his lucrative new deal ahead of the next season:
The No. 4 Green Bay Packers will host the No. 5 New York Giants in the NFC Wild Card round. What time does this NFC playoff game start?
The NFC playoff picture is set for the 2016 NFL Playoffs. Wild Card Weekend will be in full effect next weekend. That means the No. 4 Green Bay Packers will play the No. 5 New York Giants this weekend. What time are they meeting?
The Packers (10-6) will host the Giants (11-5) for a 4:40 p.m. ET kickoff at Lambeau Field on Sunday, Jan. 8. FOX will have the nationally televised NFC Wild Card round game.
Green Bay won the NFC North by beating the rival Detroit Lions on the road on Sunday Night Football in Week 17. Both teams found out that they were going to make the NFC Playoffs shortly before kickoff thanks to the Washington Redskins losing to the Giants in Landover.
New York may have the better record than the Giants, but New York did not win its division. The Giants finished two games back of the Dallas Cowboys in the NFC East. Interestingly, the Giants completed the season sweep of the Cowboys in divisional play.
This NFC playoff game between the Packers and the Giants has a lot of intrigue. It features Super Bowl winning quarterbacks in Aaron Rodgers for Green Bay and Eli Manning for New York. This game also features a mentor and his disciple.
Giants head coach Ben McAdoo gets to go up against his former head coach in Mike McCarthy of Green Bay. McAdoo had been McCarthy's offensive coordinator in Green Bay before arriving with the Giants a few years back to be Tom Coughlin's offensive coordinator.
The weather will definitely be a factor in this game, as is every January playoff game in Green Bay. New York does have the pass rush that can travel, but do the Giants have the running game to keep pace in frigid Green Bay?
More from FanSided
This article originally appeared on
Super Eagles ready for England friendly – Mikel
Midfielder Mikel Obi says the Super Eagles will be at their best for the prestige international friendly match against England at Wembley Stadium in London on June 2.
“There will be no option for us other than to give our best with the FIFA World Cup fast approaching.
“The match comes up only two weeks before our first match at the FIFA World Cup.
“It will be a big occasion and a big match for both teams as we both look forward to our respective first matches in Russia.
“England is a special place for me, having spent so many years playing there, and it is one country I love to go to,'' Mikel was quoted as saying on the Nigeria Football Federation (NFF) website on Tuesday.
The former Chelsea FC player said Super Eagles were already talking to themselves and everyone of them was looking forward to the game.
Reports have it that Nigeria take on Croatia in their first match at the 21st FIFA World Cup finals at the Kaliningrad Stadium on June 16.
In their other Group D matches, they will then face Iceland at Volgograd on June 22, and Argentina at Saint Petersburg on June 26.
On the other hand, England will play their first match in Group G against Tunisia at Volgograd on June 18.
Thereafter, they will face Panama at Nizhny Novgorod on June 24, and Belgium at Kaliningrad on June 28.
Meanwhile, tickets for the England/Nigeria match are still selling, with the lowest ticket going for 35 pounds.
NAN
The post Super Eagles ready for England friendly – Mikel appeared first on The Nation Nigeria.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The Nation Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Business News of Friday, 6 October 2017
Source: Vodafone Ghana
2017-10-06
Yolanda Cuba, CEO of Vodafone Ghana (L) receiving her award
Vodafone Ghana CEO, Yolanda Zoleka Cuba has been presented with an award, recognizing her among WomanRising's 2016 Top 50 Corporate Women Leaders in Ghana.
The ranking which featured 50 of Ghana's leading corporate women leaders in both public and private sector was held in 2016 to recognize the contribution of professional women in the development of Ghana's economy and job creation.
The ceremony which took place at Vodafone Ghana's head office with her management team members present, Yolanda Zoleka Cuba was presented her award by the COO of The African Network of Entrepreneurs (TANOE), Alice Larkai and head of Research, Prince Akpah.
Yolanda joined Vodacom Group in November 2014 as Strategy and New Business Director. She previously worked as Executive Director, Strategy & Business Support at South African Breweries Limited (‘SAB') and as Group CEO of the publicly listed Mvelaphanda Group. She was appointed Chief Executive of Vodafone Ghana in March 2016.
Others recognized on the list include: Lucy Quist (CEO of Airtel), Roshi Motman (CEO of Tigo Ghana), Mawuena Trebah (former CEO of GIPC), Abiola Bawuah (UBA Ghana), Angela Kyerematen-Jimoh (CEO of IBM Ghana), Christiana Olaoye (CEO of Energy Bank) and now Yolanda Zoleka Cuba (CEO of Vodafone Ghana)
WomanRising on the 19th of October will be hosting the Women CEOs Summit at the Movenpick Hotel. The event will kick off at 10am with a business fair and exhibition and conference at 2pm. Registration is currently ongoing on womenceosummit.womanrising.org
WomanRising is a network under The African Network of Entrepreneurs (TANOE) that focuses on women entrepreneurs and professionals in the consistent development and advancement of women, especially in Africa.
Other initiatives run by WomanRising include; WomanRising Awards, Women CEOs Summit, WR Clique 100 Most Influential Ghanaian Women, 100 Most Outstanding Entrepreneurs in Ghana.
AWS Single Sign-On (SSO) is a cloud SSO service that makes it easy to centrally manage SSO access to multiple AWS accounts and business applications. It enables users to sign in to a user portal with their existing corporate credentials and access all of their assigned accounts and applications from one place.
With AWS SSO, you can easily manage SSO access and user permissions to all of your accounts in AWS Organizations centrally. Further, by using the AWS SSO application configuration wizard, you can create Security Assertion Markup Language (SAML) 2.0 integrations and extend SSO access to any of your SAML-enabled applications. AWS SSO also includes built-in SAML integrations to many business applications, such as Salesforce, Box, and Office 365. With just a few clicks, you can enable a highly available SSO service without the upfront investment and on-going maintenance costs of operating your own SSO infrastructure.
There is no additional cost to enable AWS SSO. It is now available in the US East (N. Virginia) Region.
Read the entire article here, Announcing AWS Single Sign-On (SSO)
Via the fine folks at Amazon Web Services.
GANGNEUNG, Korea, Republic Of — A pair of smiling North Korean skaters has carried out lifts and death spirals during practices ahead of the Winter Olympics, drawing applause from spectators at Gangneung Ice Arena.
The duo, Ryom Tae Ok and Kim Ju Sik, is the focus of intense media attention as they were the only North Korean athletes who were initially qualified to compete in the Pyeongchang Games before their Olympic committee missed a confirmation deadline.
The International Olympic Committee later allowed 22 North Korean athletes, including Ryom and Kim, to participate in the games in special entries given to the North as it worked out a set of Olympics-related rapprochement deals with South Korea.
After her training Saturday, Ryom told reporters “I feel good.”
Transcript for How Beyonce asked Michelle Williams to perform at Coachella
Bee calls and you know she's got her no husky voice thing. Doom cooks them wanting him to perform. You know it's. That. Online biding my name is this. That. He did. Rock that me. Oh. In teaching hot wire it caused more me. Me. Left that. There. Plus I'm just telling my. Girlfriend moments that. The world doesn't need to see.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
PARIS (AP) - The Latest from the French Open (all times local):
___
10:25 p.m.
Play has been suspended for the day at the French Open because of darkness.
Two men's singles matches were still in progress.
___
9:25
The second-round match between seventh-seeded Dominic Thiem and up-and-coming Greek teenager Stefanos Tsitsipas has been suspended by darkness at the French Open.
Thiem, a two-time semifinalist in Paris and the only man to beat Rafael Nadal on clay this season, led 6-2, 2-6, 6-4 when players were sent back to the locker room.
___
8:25 p.m.
Reigning U.S. Open champion Sloane Stephens did not waste any time reaching the third round of the French Open, and her clinical display impressed former U.S. Davis Cup captain Patrick McEnroe.
Stephens, who did not play in Paris last year because of a foot injury, advanced at the clay-court Grand Slam with a 6-2, 6-2 win over qualifier Magdalena Frech.
"Just FYI. Sloane Stephens is winning this tournament," McEnroe tweeted after Stephens wrapped up her match in a little bit more than one hour.
Stephens had 17 winners to 13 unforced errors and did not face a break point.
___
7:55 p.m.
Caroline Wozniacki dropped just 25 points in her lopsided 6-1, 6-0 win over qualifier and Roland Garros debutant Georgina Garcia Perez of Spain, as the second-ranked Dane easily advanced to the third round of the French Open.
Wozniacki delivered a ruthless performance on Court Philippe Chatrier, limiting her mistakes to eight unforced errors. She did not face a break point and completed the win in 51 minutes. She put on a similar display in her opening match, hitting only 13 unforced errors in a straight-set victory.
Wozniacki won her first Grand Slam trophy at the Australian Open this year and can return to the No. 1 ranking held by Simona Halep by winning the title in Paris.
___
7:30 p.m.
The French Open is Sam Querrey's least successful Grand Slam tournament and the American bowed out early again as this year's No. 12 seed.
He was beaten 1-6, 7-6 (3), 6-4, 6-1 by Gilles Simon of France in the second round.
Querrey hadn't even won a single match at Roland Garros since 2014 until beating Frances Tiafoe in the first round.
Querrey has been as far as the third round in Paris just once in 12 appearances.
___
6:50 p.m.
A young American man trying an underhanded serve while cramping during a five-setter at the French Open. Hmmmm. Seen that before, haven't we? Except, unlike for 1989 champion Michael Chang, the unusual strategy didn't help result in a victory for Jared Donaldson against Grigor Dimitrov.
The fourth-seeded Dimitrov came back to beat the 21-year-old Donaldson 6-7 (2), 6-4, 4-6, 6-4, 10-8 in a second-round marathon that lasted 4 hours, 19 minutes on Court 18 at Roland Garros.
When it ended, Dimitrov leaned forward while raising each knee to give it a kiss - perhaps thanking his legs for carrying him to the win while Donaldson's gave way.
Donaldson, who is ranked 57th, was actually two points from winning when he led 6-5 in the fifth and got to love-30 on Dimitrov's serve. But Dimitrov took the next four points to hold for 6-all.
Dimitrov broke to lead 8-7 and served for the victory, but Donaldson broke right back.
In the next game, though, Donaldson could barely stand, let alone move well.
He double-faulted. Then he tried an underhand serve - not his first of the match, either - and lost the point.
Dimitrov hit a winner to break for a 9-8 edge, Donaldson slowly limped to the sideline for the changeover, and soon enough, it was over.
Chang famously used an underhand service motion while cramping during a fourth-round win against Ivan Lendl on the way to the French Open title 29 years ago.
___
6:30 p.m.
Kei Nishikori has rallied past local favorite Benoit Paire to reach the third round of the French Open for the fourth consecutive year.
The 19th-seeded Japanese player needed nearly three hours on Court Philippe Chatrier to win 6-3, 2-6, 4-6, 6-2, 6-3 against the Frenchman.
"He was attacking every shot," Nishikori said. "He has one of the best touches on the Tour, it was fun to play him and also a difficult match today."
___
6:15 p.m.
Second-seeded Alexander Zverev trailed by a set and a break - and was down a broken racket, too - before eventually collecting himself and coming back to beat 60th-ranked Dusan Lajovic of Serbia 2-6, 7-5, 4-6, 6-1, 6-2 in the French Open's second round.
Zverev equaled his best showing at Roland Garros; he also reached the third round two years ago.
If the 21-year-old German is going to get to the round of 16 he'll need to do something he never has at a Grand Slam tournament: defeat a player ranked in the top 50. Zverev's next match comes against 26th-seeded Damir Dzumhur.
Lajovic lost his eighth consecutive match that stretched to five sets.
___
5:10 p.m.
Serena and Venus Williams have won their first Grand Slam doubles match in nearly two years.
The sisters moved into the second round of the French Open by coming back for a 4-6, 6-4, 6-1 victory over the 14th-seeded Japanese pairing of Shuko Aoyama and Miyu Kato in front of a Court 3 crowd that raucously supported the Americans.
The Williams-Williams duo last competed at a major tournament together at Wimbledon in 2016. They won their 14th Grand Slam title in women's doubles at the England Club.
This return to doubles came a day after Serena Williams participated in Grand Slam singles for the first time in 16 months, winning her first-round match at Roland Garros. Venus Williams lost in the first round of singles on Sunday.
___
3:50 p.m.
Jeremy Chardy first wasted a two-set lead and then bounced back to beat 17th-seeded Tomas Berdych to reach the second round of the French Open.
Chardy led by two sets when their match was stopped by darkness on Tuesday, but Berdych mounted a comeback when they returned. Chardy played well in the decider and broke Berdych twice to advance with a 7-6 (5), 7-6 (8), 1-6, 5-7, 6-2 win.
"At two sets all, it was difficult in my head, and physically, too," said Chardy, who had never beaten Berdych in five previous matches. "I fought hard, all my body was shaking."
___
3:25 p.m.
Former French Open champion Novak Djokovic posted another straight-set win to reach the third round of the clay-court tournament.
Facing Spanish qualifier Jaume Munar, the Serb delivered a solid display to prevail 7-6 (1), 6-4, 6-4 and move into the third round for the 13th time.
Djokovic, who underwent right elbow surgery earlier this year, is the 20th-seeded player in Paris, his lowest Grand Slam seeding since the 2006 U.S. Open.
___
3:10 p.m.
The Williams sisters are back in Grand Slam doubles action for the first time in nearly two years.
A day after Serena Williams made her return to singles play at a major following a 16-month absence, winning her first-round match at the French Open, she is out on Court 3 at Roland Garros alongside her older sister, Venus.
They are facing the 14th-seeded pairing of Shuko Aoyama and Miyu Kato of Japan.
The American siblings, owners of 14 Grand Slam doubles titles, received a wild-card entry. They haven't played doubles together at a major since winning Wimbledon in 2016.
Serena Williams hadn't competed at any Grand Slam tournament since the Australian Open in January 2017. She gave birth to a daughter last September.
___
1:20 p.m.
Marco Trungelliti's long, strange trip as a French Open "lucky loser" has come to an end with a second-round exit.
Trungelliti is the 190th-ranked Argentine who headed home to Barcelona after losing in qualifying at Roland Garros, then drew headlines for making the 10-hour, 650-mile (1,000-kilometer) drive back to Paris in a rental car with his 88-year-old grandmother, mother and brother once he found out he could get into the main draw.
He then won his first-round match.
But Trungelliti was beaten Wednesday by 72nd-ranked Marco Cecchinato of Italy 6-1, 7-6 (1), 6-1 in a match that lasted just under 2 hours.
Still, Trungelliti leaves with 79,000 euros (about $90,000) in prize money - and a great story to tell.
___
12:50 p.m.
Top-ranked Simona Halep put aside a terrible start and came back to claim 12 of the last 14 games, beating 83rd-ranked Alison Riske of the United States 2-6, 6-1, 6-1 to reach the second round of the French Open.
It was the last match of the tournament's opening round.
Halep, the runner-up at Roland Garros in 2014 and a year ago, played poorly in the first set, with only four winners and 16 unforced errors. But she had 16 winners and 12 unforced errors the rest of the way, while Riske made more and more mistakes.
___
12:30 p.m.
Two-time Wimbledon champion Petra Kvitova is through to the third round of the French Open, making light work of 91st-ranked Lara Arruabarrena of Spain in a 6-0, 6-4 win on Court 1.
The eighth-seeded Kvitova lost in the second round last year when she was coming back to the tour after a knife attack in her home in 2016 that left her needing surgery on her left hand, her playing hand.
The Czech player made the semifinals at Roland Garros in 2012.
___
12:20 p.m.
Simona Halep has turned things around in her first-round match at the French Open and is headed to a third set against 83rd-ranked Alison Riske of the United States.
After dropping the first set 6-2 at Court Philippe Chatrier, Halep grabbed 19 of the first 22 points en route to a 5-0 lead in the second, which she eventually took 6-1.
Halep, the runner-up at Roland Garros in 2014 and a year ago, cleaned up her game in the second set, with only five unforced errors after making 16 in the opener. Riske, meanwhile, had only two winners and 12 unforced errors in the second set.
___
12 p.m.
Top-seeded Simona Halep is in trouble in her weather-delayed first-round match at the French Open, losing the first set 6-2 to 83rd-ranked Alison Riske of the United States.
Riske raced to a 5-0 lead and then broke Halep again in the eighth game to take the set.
In their only previous meeting on clay, in Rome in 2015, Halep dropped only three games in a 6-3, 6-0 victory. But Riske is giving the Romanian a far tougher test this time.
___
11:20 a.m.
Play is underway on Day 4 of the French Open, with top-seeded Simona Halep facing 83rd-ranked Alison Riske of the United States in the last remaining match of the women's first round.
The encounter on Court Philippe-Chatrier was postponed from Tuesday amid gathering evening storms.
Halep, a two-time finalist at Roland Garros, needs to reach the semifinals or better this year to have a chance of holding onto her No. 1 ranking. She won both of her previous matches against Riske.
On the men's side, 2016 champion Novak Djokovic will face qualifier Jaume Munar of Spain in the second round.
The second-seeded players in both the men's and women's draws, Alexander Zverev and Caroline Wozniacki, will also be in action.
___
More AP tennis coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/apf-Tennis
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
In the following Workspot video you will learn how Saint Elizabeth Healthcare uses Workspot to delivery virtual applications and desktops.
via the fine folks at Workspot.
Dino Melaye, Police in rough struggle in Abuja
Some armed policemen and Senator Dino Melaye representing Kogi West were on Tuesday afternoon in a rough struggle at the Area 1 part of Abuja metropolis. The police operatives had reportedly told the embattled lawmaker that they were taking him to court in the metropolis of the nation's capital but suddenly made a detour to […]
Dino Melaye, Police in rough struggle in Abuja
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Knysna fires: The aftermath so far
Lowvelder
I received a call on Sunday morning from our national group editor, Irma Green, to say the Caxton group was going to assist group editors, who run the branches in Knysna and Plettenberg Bay. 8 mins ago. They needed help, as many of their staff members …
Zuma to visit Knysna after devastating fires News24
all 4 news articles »
Talent management is the most pressing issue for human resources leaders at some of the largest U.S. companies, a new survey finds.
A survey by the law firm Seyfarth Shaw of 717 in-house legal and business leaders between December 2016 and January 2017--in a cross-section of industries including manufacturing—mentioned the “war for talent” as the greatest challenge.
Concerns include attracting the best and brightest candidates in a competitive market; meeting workers' expectations for flexibility, advancement and ongoing learning; and successfully integrating Millennials into the workforce.
In addition, 72% of respondents said that automation would most likely reshape their workforce, while 24% said it would reduce the size of the workforce. Only 4% said automation would increase their workforce.
The survey included an open-ended question: Why are you hopeful or fearful about the future of work?”
A third of the 30% who were fearful about changes in the next five years mentioned the new presidential administration. A fourth of the 70% who were hopeful mentioned the new presidential administration.
Other key findings:
The majority of respondents (55%) do not expect demand for independent contractors to grow.
The Department of Labor (35%) leads the group of U.S. agencies as the most aggressive employer “watchdog” for the next five years.
Most respondents (48%) believe that the Executive Branch of government will have the greatest impact on the workplace in the future.
68% of respondents believe there will be an increase in employment cases that reach the Supreme Court.
LEAGUE CITY, Texas - A man walked right into a tanning salon, exposed himself to an employee and walked right back out.
The flashing happened off South Egret Bay Boulevard in League City last Monday.
Police have released a surveillance photo of the man.
He's described as a Hispanic man, between 5-foot ten inches to 6-feet tall, with dark, curly hair.
He was wearing glasses at the time.
If you recognize him, call League City police.
Copyright 2017 by KPRC Click2Houston - All rights reserved.
Transcript for Watch as an entire student body welcomes back a Special Olympian
Regularly. We didn't. Yes you are. Forget. I.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
So it's a watch then, in look and feel. What it does over and above a standard £80 Timex is step and distance counting and stopwatch or timer alerts. If you're after phone notifications, apps or GPS tracking, that's not the Timex IQ+ Move's bag.
When you boot-up the Timex app you get to choose whether the little extra dial displays how close you are to either reaching your distance or steps goal for the day. The seconds hand can take on the same task if you don't need the time to the second, and it can display the date too.
Look carefully and you'll see a little “1” just after the 12 o' clock mark and a “31” just after the 6 o' clock spot, denoting the days of the month. Subtle, right? Sure, in tech terms this is about as flashy as an abacus, but you have to appreciate how low-key it all is. You get a fitness tracker geek-out on the sly.
Another neat hidden feature is the night light. Press the crown for a second and the whole screen glows blue thanks to some hidden LEDs behind it. You won't be able to see the effects in daylight, but it means you can at least see the time in the dark. As with any fitness tracker worn on your wrist, you're not going to judge your marathon training off the Timex IQ+ Move's step counts.
But if you find its readings way off you can set the app to nudge the totals up and down. That said, it's been within perfectly normal reading bounds for me, so if you have an issue it may be because your gesticulate wildly with every syllable you speak.
Apr 24, 2018
With Chinese President Xi Jinping willing to make some concessions to the US, the world may yet avoid a trade war. But the reason Sino-American relations have soured is the Trump administration's worldview, not external balances.
BEIJING – Last month, US President Donald Trump's administration fired the opening salvo in what is quickly shaping up to become a full-blown trade war. While trade friction has long been an issue in the Sino-American relationship, few expected such an escalation, not least because economists widely view trade wars as damaging to all parties. So how did we get to this point, and can we turn back before it's too late?
Exclusive insights. Every week. For less than $1. Learn More
First and foremost, Trump does not seem to understand how trade works. He thinks that America's $500 billion trade deficit with China amounts to a loss, the result of “incompetent” US administrations allowing their Chinese counterparts to take advantage of them. In fact, according to Trump, the US already lost a “trade war” with China years ago.
But trade balances are far more complex than Trump makes them out to be. For starters, much of what China exports includes components manufactured elsewhere, meaning that the country's trade surplus actually includes the trade surpluses of many other countries.
Moreover, China runs large deficits against Japan and Southeast Asian economies, even as it runs a large surplus against the US. China's overall trade surplus as a share of GDP has fallen steadily over the last decade – from nearly 10% in 2007 to just above 1% in 2017 – meaning that the country's external account is basically balanced.
And then there is America's current-account deficit, which is not necessarily a bad thing, as it implies the acquisition of large amounts of foreign capital. This has benefited the US over the years, by strengthening its financial system and currency. While the US external deficit could stand to be reduced, as it partly reflects America's own lack of savings, trade policy alone would be insufficient to achieve that goal.
None of this is to say that the US does not have any legitimate grievances about China's trade practices. But these must be viewed as issues of China's compliance with World Trade Organization rules.
As former WTO Director-General Pascal Lamy once acknowledged, while China has done “really well” in implementing its long list of WTO commitments, “no country is above criticism.” In particular, Lamy noted, certain services sectors may not be sufficiently open and protection of intellectual property rights (IPR) should be strengthened.
These are fair criticisms. Indeed, China's government itself hoped to open up the financial-services sectors more quickly, but financial fragility demanded a gradualist approach. And, though the country has made progress in IPR protection, it should have taken the issue more seriously from the start.
As for the US, its Trade Representative (USTR) has closely monitored China's WTO compliance since the country joined in 2001. The USTR's 2016 report on the topic acknowledged the complexity of the picture presented by China's WTO membership at the time, but took an overall positive tone, highlighting the expansion of mutually beneficial trade and investment.
Yet the USTR report for 2017 – Trump's first year in office – mentioned no positive results. Instead, asserting that the US had “erred in supporting China's entry into the WTO on terms that have proven to be ineffective in securing China's embrace of an open, market-oriented trade regime,” the USTR focused on complaints about Chinese industrial policy, which is largely beyond the WTO's scope.
In particular, the Trump administration takes issue with the Made in China 2025 strategy, introduced by China's State Council in 2015 with the aim of boosting ten strategic industries, including advanced information technology, automated machine tools and robotics, aviation and spaceflight equipment, and electric vehicles. The USTR report warns that the strategy's “final goal” is to “capture much larger worldwide market shares” in the targeted industries.
In reality, the Made in China 2025 strategy – which, incidentally, is inspired partly by the US government's own massive investment in research and development – seeks to raise China's manufacturing ability only to the average level of the world's major manufacturing powers by 2035 (not 2025), a rather modest goal. But even if China wanted to set more ambitious goals, by what right could the US – which now possesses much larger market shares in the targeted industries – block it from attempting to do so?
According to the USTR report, the problem is that the policy tools the Chinese government is using to achieve the goals of Made in China 2025 “are largely unprecedented, as other WTO members do not use them.” Moreover, they “include a wide array of state intervention and support designed to promote the development of Chinese industry in large part by restricting, taking advantage of, discriminating against, or otherwise creating disadvantages for foreign enterprises and their technologies, products, and services.”
Yet the report fails to identify those interventions, which is not surprising, given that the State Council has not yet specified the policy tools it will use. And while America's grievances regarding IPR issues are understandable, they could be addressed through the WTO. The fact that the Trump administration has taken the approach it has suggests that it does not merely want to ensure that China complies with existing rules; it wants to prevent China from catching up to the US technologically. This is obviously not acceptable to China.
This reading is reinforced by the National Security Strategy that the Trump administration released last December, which asserted that the US would “respond to the growing political, economic, and military competitions we face around the world.” China was cited as the main challenger to “American power, influence, and interests,” an adversary that is “attempting to erode American security and prosperity.” This perspective fuels the risk of the so-called Thucydides Trap, in which an established power's fear of a rising rival leads to conflict.
We may yet avoid a trade war. Chinese President Xi Jinping seems eager to ease tensions, exemplified by his recent pledge to lower tariffs on imported American cars “significantly” and further open China's financial-services sector. Trump then declared that trade negotiations with China were going “very well.”
One hopes that the war drums will be silenced through negotiation and mutual concessions. Then US and Chinese leaders can turn their attention to the broader problem of avoiding the Thucydides Trap, thereby preventing a clash with consequences that would dwarf those of a trade war.
Dash Price Technical Analysis – DASH/USD In Clear Uptrend
Key Highlights Dash price after trading towards the $60 handle against the US Dollar found support and traded higher. There is a nice ascending channel pattern with support at $76 formed on the hourly chart of DASH/USD (data feed from Poloniex). The price is also well supported above the 100 hourly simple moving average at … Continue reading Dash Price Technical Analysis – DASH/USD In Clear Uptrend
The post Dash Price Technical Analysis – DASH/USD In Clear Uptrend appeared first on NEWSBTC.
This post was syndicated from NEWSBTC. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Honda Motor Company(NYSE: HMC) finally offered investors some, er, clarity around its green-car strategy. In a presentation in New York last week, Honda showed off all three variants of its Clarity sedan — powered by plug-in hybrid, fuel cell, and battery electric drivetrains.
Continue Reading Below
But the details left a lot of analysts wondering exactly what Honda is thinking with these products — and whether Honda is already falling behind in the emerging race to bring electric cars to the mass market.
The 3 Honda Clarity models at Honda's New York event. From the left: Clarity Electric, Clarity Plug-in Hybrid, and Clarity Fuel Cell. Image source: Honda Motor Co., Ltd.
What Honda said about its new Clarity green-car models
At a press event at the New York International Auto Show, Honda officially unveiled the Clarity Plug-in Hybrid and Clarity Electric sedans. The two Claritys join a third, the Honda Clarity Fuel Cell, which went on sale in parts of California late last year.
All three Clarity variants share the same basic shape and features. They're four-door sedans about the size (inside and out) of Honda's popular and roomy Accord sedan. Like the Accord, the Clarity triplets look good inside, with crisp styling, comfortable seats, and sensibly laid-out controls.
Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT
As with the other Clarity models, the interior of the Clarity Electric is typical of Honda. That's a good thing. Image source: Honda Motor Co., Ltd.
But unlike the handsome-if-generic Accord, the Claritys' exterior styling is best described as…quirky. Honda said the Claritys' lines were optimized for low aerodynamic resistance, but they also seem to have been calculated to make the 3 Clarity models stand out from more mainstream vehicles.
The Clarity Plug-in Hybrid combines a 1.5 liter gasoline four-cylinder with a 181-horsepower electric motor and a 17 kilowatt-hour battery pack. Honda expects it to earn an EPA miles-per-gallon-equivalent rating of 105, with a respectable electric-only driving range of 42 miles.
The Clarity Electric has a 161-horsepower electric motor powered by a 25.5 kilowatt-hour battery pack. Honda says it can be fully recharged in just over three hours with a 240-volt charger, and it can get to 80% charge in 30 minutes with a DC Fast charger.
The Clarity Electric will launch in select U.S. markets later this year, while the Clarity Plug-in Hybrid will launch in 2018. Honda is targeting sales of 75,000 Claritys (of all types) in the U.S. over the next four years.
What is Honda thinking with the Clarity Electric's tiny range?
The biggest question on everyone's minds had to do with the Clarity Electric and its tiny 25.5 kilowatt-hour battery pack, which is expected to earn an EPA range rating of just 80 miles.That's a very short range for a car with a price tag that's expected to be around $35,000.
The bar for mass-market electric vehicles was raised a long way last year with the debut of General Motors‘ (NYSE: GM) Chevrolet Bolt EV. The Bolt offers an EPA-rated range of 238 miles — for about the same price Honda is expected to ask for its Clarity Electric.
The Clarity Electric is expected to have a range of just 80 miles. Image source: Honda Motor Co., Ltd.
Honda executives in New York argued that the Clarity Electric should have a somewhat higher price because it's a larger vehicle. The Bolt is a small crossover, while the Clarity Electric is a midsize sedan. But that's weak sauce: Plain and simple, Honda's electric car is coming out of the gate a couple of big steps behind the competition. (Just wait untilTeslalaunches its Model 3.)
Frankly, the Clarity Electric's range is an embarrassment for Honda. It suggests that the proud Japanese automaker has fallen behind on this important emerging technology.
Will the new Honda Clarity models sell?
Honda's goal of 75,000 sales over four years for all Clarity models combined is pretty modest. It should be able to make that number on the Clarity Plug-in Hybrid alone. At least on paper, the Plug-in Hybrid is a competitive offering — though its toughest competition may turn out to be another Honda, the Accord Hybrid.
I certainly don't see the Clarity Electric or Clarity Fuel Cell generating more than a handful of sales over the next four years — at least, not without some big price cuts, a range upgrade for the Electric, or both.
10 stocks we like better than Honda Motor
When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the market.*
David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now…and Honda Motor wasn't one of them! That's right — they think these 10 stocks are even better buys.
Click here to learn about these picks!
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 3, 2017.
John Rosevear owns shares of General Motors. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Tesla. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
SANTA CLARA, Calif. (AP) — The San Francisco 49ers made a big-time acquisition at wide receiver — at least for one practice.
Hall of Famer Jerry Rice put on the cleats and took part in practice with the 49ers on Monday, running patterns and doing stretches in individual drills, dishing out tips to young receivers and even shadowing the wideouts during team drills.
"Oh man, that was pretty exciting," undrafted rookie Kendrick Bourne said. "Kind of had me kind of nervous but definitely very excited. Being out here practicing with him and seeing how much older he is and he can still move well. It was good learning. I learned a lot from him."
Rice has plenty of knowledge from a 20-year career that featured NFL records with 1,549 catches, 22,895 yards receiving, 208 total touchdowns and three Super Bowl titles.
He even showed he still has some moves at age 54, nearly 13 years removed from his final game, with the way he ran patterns during individual drills.
"It's definitely inspiring," Bourne said. "It just tells you how hard you can go and you can push your body to limits that you didn't know you could go."
The 49ers are making a more concerted effort this season to highlight their rich history and bring former players back into the fold under new general manager John Lynch and coach Kyle Shanahan, whose father Mike was a offensive coordinator when Steve Young and Rice helped the team win the Super Bowl following the 1994 season.
The team added a Ring of Honor to the stadium this season to honor the 27 people in the 49ers Hall of Fame and has made an effort to bring back players like Young and Rice to the facility.
The two addressed the team before practice about establishing the proper culture to be a winning team, a message that resonated because of their accomplishments as players.
"When you're talking about the culture to have those guys here who won the Super Bowl and knew what it took," safety Eric Reid said. "It's the vibe. It's all about the vibe. When you walk in the building and see those faces that's greatness right there and you ask them how they did it and they can give you little nuggets that maybe you hadn't thought of before."
Bourne was especially eager to pick Rice's brain about how he thrived for so long in the NFL as a receiver from a low-profile college who lacked game-breaking speed.
While Rice was a first-round pick despite a slower combine time in the 40-yard dash after a career at Mississippi Valley State, Bourne went undrafted after catching 79 passes for 1,201 yards and seven TDs last year at Eastern Washington. A 4.68 time in the 40 hurt his cause but he asked Rice how to overcome that.
"He told me to just focus on route running," Bourne said. "That's what it really comes down to in this league is separation, getting that little bit of separation."
Bourne had a strong debut in his first exhibition game with four catches for 88 yards and a 46-yard touchdown. He recovered from two early drops, thanks to some good advice from coaching intern Katie Sowers.
"I dropped my first NFL pass and that was a bummer," he said. "I dropped my second NFL pass too and that was a bummer. Then Katie kind of got in my ear and was just like, 'Man you can really be good.' She compared me to some top players and told me to take the moment in. After that I don't know what got into me. I got into a rhythm and got going."
Sowers' tenure with the Niners was supposed to end after that game but she announced on her Facebook page that she is being kept for the whole season. The team has not made an official announcement.
"That's awesome," Bourne said. "Congrats to her. I'm looking for a full-time job."
NOTES: LB Aaron Lynch and DL Earl Mitchell left practice with injuries. ... S Jimmie Ward remained on the PUP list a day after testing out his injured hamstring. ... The Niners signed DL Leger Douzable and OL Andrew Gardner to one-year deals and waived S Chanceller James (knee) with an injury designation.
___
More AP NFL: www.pro32.ap.org and www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
