LIMERICK FC has ‘strongly condemned' the use of flares by supporters at Friday night's SSE Airtricity League Premier Division fixture against Cork City at the Markets Field.
In a hard-hitting statement, the club said the use of pyrotechnics, in particular flares, by a minority of people is ‘totally unacceptable and strictly forbidden'
Limerick FC say the club will be imposing a zero-tolerance policy on those found to be responsible for such actions, and in working with An Garda Síochána we will ensure that anybody identified will be issued with a banning order from the stadium.
The statement continues: “First and foremost, it (use of pyrotechnics) poses a serious health risk to the persons responsible and innocent bystanders in their vicinity.
“Secondly, such actions result in hefty fines that the club simply cannot afford. Should this type of behaviour continue or reoccur, we are making supporters fully aware that the FAI has the power to close sections of the stadium
“The club, our first-team management and players were delighted with the vocal support that the team received throughout the derby game and the atmosphere that was created by our supporters at the Markets Field.
“That level of support and the volume of backing helped to inspire the players on the pitch to earn a well-deserved and very positive point against the league leaders and last year's double winners. Your support is greatly appreciated by all involved at Limerick FC.
"The club reiterates its thanks to our supporters who fully got behind the team in the right manner on Friday, and we look forward to you creating another loud atmosphere in backing the players against Shamrock Rovers back at the Markets Field on today, Bank Holiday Monday, at 6.30pm."
Limerick FC wil be looking to build on their gritty 1-1 draw with champions Cork when Rovers visit Garryowen.
Blues boss Tommy Barrett experimented in Friday's Munster derby draw with Cork City, with Billy Dennehy – who scored Limerick's goal – at left-back and Kilian Cantwell in midfield while Danny Morrissey played on the wing.
Morrissey, along with Daniel Kearns, was forced off during the game, and those who were sat on the sidelines – midfield pair Eoin Wearen (groin), Barry Maguire (ankle) and striker Mark O'Sullivan (hand) – are still a way from returning to action.
INDIANAPOLIS – Hoosiers who receive a protective order will have another option to defend themselves – a firearm – under a bill passed by a House panel Tuesday.
The House Public Policy Committee voted 8-4 to approve House Bill 1071, which allows those who receive a protective order to arm themselves immediately instead of waiting to get a license to carry a gun.
The committee also added a provision to study getting rid of state licensure laws for firearms altogether.
Currently in Indiana, Hoosiers can have guns in their homes but need a license to carry it off that property. Some people are banned from getting a license, including those with a felony conviction or with significant mental illness.
House Bill 1071 now moves to the full House.
The base of the bill gives someone who receives a protective order permission to carry without a license for 60 days after the order is issued. The person can extend that another 60 days if they have started the process of getting a handgun license.
Rep. Sean Eberhart, R-Shelbyville, is the author. Though Hoosiers can get a license to carry at 18, Eberhart's bill makes the age 21.
Chris Kopacki, of the National Rifle Association, testified last week that this allows women and men who are being stalked or threatened to protect themselves from further violence.
“Indiana would become a leader in victim protection,” he said.
But several people working on domestic violence issues fear the guns will simply be turned on the women instead.
Jody Madeira, a law professor at Indiana University in Bloomington, said that statistically when a woman owns a gun it is far more likely to be used against her than in her defense.
And Laura Berry, executive director of the Indiana Coalition Against Domestic Violence, said the likelihood of death is 100 percent greater no matter who owns the firearm in the household. She pointed out that Indiana's restraining order statute even talks about removing firearms from the situation.
“Any time you infuse a gun in a situation, it increases the likelihood of death,” she said. Berry said the majority of domestic violence deaths occur in the home, where a woman can already have a gun. She argued there is no need for the bill.
Eberhart said he met with domestic violence advocates and couldn't come to agreement on the bill.
“Something terrible is going to happen,” said Rep. Terri Austin, D-Anderson. “An American woman is fatally shot by her partner every 16 hours.”
The committee also added a provision calling for a summer study committee on whether Indiana should have carry permits at all.
Rep. Jim Lucas, R-Seymour, offered a separate bill that would have gotten rid of carry licenses – dubbed the constitutional carry bill. But after internal discussion, he decided a study is needed.
He said it will look at the repeal of handgun licensure laws; issues of reciprocity in other states; fiscal impacts; definitions of prohibited persons; and rates at which handguns are used in suicides, criminal acts and defense of a crime.
Rep. Charlie Brown, D-Gary, said the study is the “elephant's nose under the tent” and people in urban areas are concerned about easier access to more guns.
Rep. Matt Lehman, R-Berne, said the idea doesn't open up access to guns. It says if you have a gun you have a right to carry it without going through a bureaucratic licensure process and paying a fee. He said the bill needs a “deep look this summer to get the true message out.” The bill now moves to the full House.
Supporting the measure were local lawmakers Rep. Matt Lehman, R-Berne; Rep. Chris Judy, R-Fort Wayne; and Rep. Ben Smaltz, R-Auburn. Rep. Phil GiaQuinta, D-Fort Wayne, was opposed.
nkelly@jg.net
0:45
Car rams into crowd at 'Unite the Right' rally in Charlottesville, Va.
3:47
Video: Arlington mom films arrests of her two teenage sons
3:13
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
NEW YORK (CBSMiami/AP) — Playwright Lin-Manuel Miranda released a new original song Friday to raise money for Puerto Rican hurricane relief and he's enlisted some of the biggest Latin stars in music to help.
“Almost Like Praying” features Jennifer Lopez, Marc Anthony, Camila Cabello, Gloria Estefan, Fat Joe, Luis Fonsi, John Leguizamo and Rita Moreno, among many others. All proceeds from the download and stream go to The Hispanic Federation's disaster relief fund.
“I was like every Puerto Rican with ties to the island, with family on the island. We all had a terrible few days of silence. For some, those days were weeks,” Miranda told The Associated Press. “For me, that helplessness turned into, ‘OK, well what can I write that will help? Can I write a tune that we can monetize?'”
Miranda said he made an a cappella demo in a bathroom in Austria — where he was on vacation — and sent it to Atlantic Records, enlisting help. The subsequent recording process took a breath-taking 72 hours and took him to studios in New York City, Los Angeles and Miami to link up with the music stars. “Everyone said yes and then it became the logistics of getting everyone recorded,” he said.
In record time, an Almost Like Praying music video.
Watch, enjoy, and DONATE: https://t.co/RzM7fnYpQq — Lin-Manuel Miranda (@Lin_Manuel) October 6, 2017
The song borrows from “Maria,” the classic song from Leonard Bernstein and Stephen Sondheim's “West Side Story” and Miranda said the song popped into his head after the hurricane by the same name devastated Puerto Rico on Sept. 20.
The song's lyrics list all of the 78 towns of Puerto Rico. Miranda said he didn't want inland and mountainous communities to be ignored as bigger cities get power and food.
“This song is designed so that those towns never feel forgotten again,” he said. “I cannot wait for Puerto Ricans to hear Luis Fonsi sing the name of their town or J.Lo to sing the name of their town.”
One verse turned out to be exceedingly hard to get. Miranda reached out to the rapper PJ Sin Suela but never heard back. Sin Suela finally answered on Saturday, saying he was on the island and had just gotten power. He offered to help and Miranda asked if there was a studio nearby where he could record a verse.
Sin Suela found one in San Juan and recorded the verse but couldn't get enough bandwidth to email it to Miranda. Estefan, who was flying to Puerto Rico the next day on a relief mission, volunteered to pick it up. On Monday night, while Miranda was working on the song in Miami, Estefan sent him a photo of her holding a memory stick — containing the missing verse.
“Everyone cried, we were in tears. We screamed, ‘We got this verse out of Puerto Rico!'” said Miranda. “That gives you an example of the effort and the cooperation involved.”
Also featured on the song are Ruben Blades, Pedro Capo, Dessa, Juan Luis Guerra, Alex Lacamoire, Ednita Nazario, Joell Ortiz, Anthony Ramos, Gina Rodriguez, Gilberto Santa Rosa, Tommy Torres and Ana Villafane. (Ricky Martin and Daddy Yankee were too busy with relief efforts to join in). “Everyone is doing their part. I've never seen such mobilization in my life,” Miranda said.
The Tony, Emmy and Grammy-winning Miranda has long used his megaphone for social causes, including asking Congress to help dig Puerto Rico out of its debt crisis, performing at a fundraiser for Hillary Clinton on Broadway, lobbying to stop gun violence in America and teaming up with Jennifer Lopez on the benefit single “Love Make the World Go Round.”
Miranda has been critical of President Donald Trump's response to Hurricane Maria but had nothing but praise for the ordinary Americans who have sent diapers, baby formula, batteries and money and other aid to the island. Many communities there are still waiting for power and clean water.
“This was an unprecedented disaster and requires an unprecedented federal response. They have not yet gotten an unprecedented federal response,” Miranda said. “I am longing and waiting and jumping up and down for a federal response to match the response of our people.”
(TM and © Copyright 2017 CBS Radio Inc. and its relevant subsidiaries. CBS RADIO and EYE Logo TM and Copyright 2017 CBS Broadcasting Inc. Used under license. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. The Associated Press contributed to this report.)
photo courtesy of Rosemary Reynolds
Portland, Or. – Someone has vandalized the downtown office of the Portland Rose Festival. The front glass door was shattered by a big rock. The vandalism comes just a few days before the Festival's Starlight Parade. No damage estimate is available yet.
Anushka Sharma and Virat Kohli married in Italy, yesterday (December 11). A statement released on behalf of the actress said that they got married according to Hindu rites.
Ever since 'Virushka' as fans lovingly call them made their wedding announcement on Twitter, not just their fans and Bollywood stars, even television celebrities, took to social media to shower wishes on their special day.
Kapil Sharma "प्रिय @imVkohli और @AnushkaSharma आपको अपनी ज़िन्दगी की नयीं पारी की शुरुआत के मौक़े पर ढेर सारी शुभ कामनाएँ. ईश्वर आपको हमेशा ख़ुश रखे 🙏" Arjun Bijlani‏ "Congratulations @imVkohli and @AnushkaSharma .may these smiles last forever.#ViratWedsAnushka." Karan Patel‏ "Congratulations .... #Virushka ... @imVkohli and @AnushkaSharma may this new journey of your lives be filled with nothing but endless moments of joy .... god bless ..!" Kishwer Merchant "Had to just had to post this pic ❤️ Wishing my favourite couple a very happy married life ❤️ This is love ❤️ what a beautiful moment .. won't be able to get over this pic for a long long time ❤️." Suyyash Rai "Kehte hain khuda ne is jahaan mei sabhi ke liye kisi na kisi ko hai banaya har kisi ke liye ❤💓 Congratulations love birds ❤💓 may they be like this ALWAYS 😘 @virat.kohli @anushkasharma." Raqesh Vasisth Picture perfect!!! Congratulations Beautiful ppl❤️🎉 @AnushkaSharma @imVkohli Ridhi Dogra‏ "Couldn't have said it better! Big love to them and for the world they'll create together ♥️" Maniesh Paul‏ "Congrats @AnushkaSharma and @imVkohli ...wish u both loads happiness 🤗" Priyanka Kandwal "Congratulations to this beautiful couple #virushka they look 👀 most beautiful in their wedding. @anushkasharma @virat.kohli." Mona Lisa "Congratulations ❤️ to the most beautiful couple 💗" Bandgi Kalra "Now what can be better than this !! Congratulations to @virat.kohli and @anushkasharma ❤️" Nikita Sharma "Bounded with love ❤️ ...congratulations guys...may your marriage blessed with happiness and love...my favourite couple ❤️ @anushkasharma @virat.kohli #couplegoals ❤️👩❤️👩 VIRUSHKA ❤️ JUST MARRIED ❤️" Fenil Umrigar "A complete man with an Angel ! How much i love this picture❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️" Vrushika Mehta‏ "#VirushkaWedding has finally happened. Wishing this stunning pair a blockbuster life full of centuries ! @imVkohli and @AnushkaSharma ❤️" Raj Nayak‏ "Congratulations Virat & @AnushkaSharma !!! Wishing you many many years so of love and happiness. 🥂🎈💕" Mallika Dua‏ "MY HORMONES ARE ALL OVER THE PLACE. 😭😭😭😭😭😭 so cute."
Bigg Boss 11 UNSEEN: Puneesh & Luv Bond; Hina SHOCKED To Know Luv Has Gun Licence!
Gillingham boss Steve Lovell admitted he was gutted to see Nick Powell remain a Wigan Athletic player - after watching another masterclass from the ex-Manchester United man.
Latics managed to keep hold of Powell on transfer deadline day despite strong interest from Premier League Brighton.
And the 23-year-old underlined his top-flight quality by securing Wigan's 2-0 win just after the half-hour mark, after Will Grigg had opened the scoring on 10 minutes.
“I was hoping Powell would've gone in the week,” grimaced Lovell, whose side had arrived at the DW as the form team in the division, on the back of six wins and two draws from their last eight matches.
“He's quality, but Paul Cook has a really good squad of players and that's why they're where they are.
“We've lost a game of football to most probably the champions of the league, but I thought we acquitted ourselves well.
“Nothing much is going to change.
“Just because we have lost a game, I won't make five or six changes.
“Wigan are excellent, a very good side with some very good players on show.
“They deserved it on the day.”
Lovell feels the game was lost inside the opening exchanges, which saw Latics pick up where they'd left off last weekend against West Ham in the FA Cup.
“We lost it in the first 20 minutes,” mused Lovell.
“We didn't start as brightly, but not for the want of trying.
“They were on to us quickly when we had the ball and we gave things away.
“I thought we could have given Wigan a harder game, and that's disappointing.
“I think we played with a bit of fear, which surprises me, as we haven't done.
“We've played a lot better than that recently.
“The boys gave everything effort wise.
“They were quicker on the ball. We worked hard defensively, but they closed us down very quickly and they do it very well.
“You have to give the opposition the credit they deserve.
“We didn't get the ball in behind them at all in the first half, and I think we played into their hands.
“In the second half we caused them a lot of problems.
“We'll take the positives and learn from it.”
American tennis player Jared Donaldson could barely move after his legs cramped up during his second-round French Open match against Grigor Dimitrov.
Donaldson took the No. 4 seed into the fifth set. And with his leg cramps limiting his ability to serve, Donaldson broke out some crafty gamesmanship to catch Dimitrov off guard. He softly served underhand, and it worked — at first.
USA's Jared Donaldson pulls the underhand quick serve on Grigor Dimitrov to finish a game in the 5th set pic.twitter.com/IZX9T3x5eL — Born Salty (@cjzero) May 30, 2018
Dimitrov's return went long, which gave Donaldson the game and 7-6 lead in the fifth set. We didn't get a mph reading on the serve, but it couldn't have been fast at all.
Despite the break between games, the cramping got worse for Donaldson. With the set tied at 8-8, he'd attempt the underhand serve again. This time, it didn't work.
Dimitrov went on to win the 4-hour, 20-minute match.
The New York Police Department says it is responding to a report of an explosion near Times Square.
The response is centered in the area of the Port Authority bus terminal.
A law enforcement source told CBS News that early reports indicate that a possible pipe bomb went off in a subway tunnel. The source said one person was in custody and additional person was injured.
Some passengers have been evacuated as a precaution.
A law enforcement source told CBS News senior investigative producer Pat Milton police are looking at a possible suicide bomber but the situation is fluid.
White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders said that President Trump had been briefed on the incident.
Sarah Sanders ✔@PressSec .@POTUS has been briefed on the explosion in New York City
People reported seeing the bomb squad responding to the incident and posted images of the scene on social media.
The explosion has led to delays along some of the subway lines that pass beneath the bus terminal. Many subway lines were forced to bypass the area.
NYCT Subway 1, 2, 3, A, C, E, N, Q, R, W and 7 trains are bypassing 42 St. See http://mta.info for full details.
New Yorkers were advised to avoid the area.
CAMPBELL RIVER, B.C- Another wildfire has been located in the North Island region.
The fire is burning near the Strathcona Dam, west of Campbell River.
According the BC Wildfire Service, the fire is 0.01 hectares in size and it's status of control is “new”.
The Coastal Fire Service was unable to provide any information about the fire, but we will update as information becomes available.
By Kayleigh Rahn
Monday, May 7
Tuscola-10-; Unity-3
Tuscola took down Unity 10-3 on Monday, May 7 thanks to 14 hits and a six-run fourth inning.
“We came out really swinging the bats well tonight,” Coach Duff Hoel said. “There was a strong wind blowing in, but we were able to hit a few balls over the head of their outfielders. We had a nice approach overall trying to stay on top of the ball and not elevate it into the wind. We had several base hits to the opposite field, which is good hitting and something we are going to have to do if we are going to make a deep run in the post season.”
Brayden VonLanken went 2 for 3, while Pierce (2-3) and Lucas Kresin (2-4) added an RBI apiece, Tyler Meindhold (2-4) had two RBIs and Haden Cothron (2-4) tallied three.
Cale Sementi battled for four innings fro the mound. He walked five, struck out four, and allowed one run on two hits.
“Cale was effective tonight, but not as efficient as we need him to be,” Hoel said. “He walked five guys, but got himself out of several jams and was aided by some good defensive plays.”
The team committed five errors, which Hoel said was concerning.
“We'll spend some time in practice discussing some of those in an attempt to get them corrected,” he noted.
Wednesday, May 9
Tuscola-15; Salt Fork-0
Two nights later the Warriors headed to Salt Fork where Tuscola Noah Pierce led the Warriors to a 15-0 win.
Pierce put in 4 2/3 inning of work for one hit, three walks and nine strike outs and one hit.
The Warrior bats were hot with 14 hits leading to runs in each of the five innings.
The full story can be found in the Wednesday, May16 edition of The Tuscola Journal.
By Kevin McGuire
As the Philadelphia Eagles prepare to face the New England Patriots in the Super Bowl, it seems a spreading illness has been the biggest concern of the week. Perhaps it is all the extra exposure to people and the media in the week leading up to the big game?
Defensive tackle Timmy Jernigan has missed multiple practices this week. Jernigan was first ruled out of a practice a week ago in the last practice session in Philadelphia. An illness was the reason for his absence a week ago and continues to be the case this week. Having missed so much practice time would seem to make his availability for the Super Bowl at risk, although if it is just illness that is tying him down, he could still see some action in the game if he recovers over the weekend.
Cornerback Ronald Darby was added to the injury report on Thursday with an illness. The good news, perhaps, is that Darby remained a full practice participant on Thursday and may still be good to go on Sunday.
The Eagles will need all the help they can get from the secondary as they face Tom Brady and tight end Rob Gronkowski. Gronkowski's status has been in the spotlight for both teams this week after missing some practice time while going through the NFL's concussion protocol, but the player announced on Thursday that he was cleared to play in Sunday's game. Gronkowski missed the Super Bowl last season due to an injury, so he will be ready to have a big game on Sunday.
For the Eagles, only minor injuries are on the weekly injury report on top of the obvious injuries to players like Carson Wentz, Darren Sproles and Jason Peters. Running back Jay Ajayi is listed with an ankle injury that has been ongoing since the NFC Championship Game, but he has been a full participant this week in Eagles' practices. Ajayi should figure to be a main cog in the Eagles' gameplan on offense this weekend as the team looks to use the running game to its advantage.
On defense, Fletcher Cox appearing on the injury report may be a reason to be concerned for some Eagles fans, but a calf injury has not slowed down Cox in practices this week. The Eagles have listed Cox as a full participant this week, so he should be ready to play his regular role in the Super Bowl. He will be a key player that can give New England some problems up front, and the Eagles will hope Cox can disrupt Tom Brady throughout the game.
QUESTIONABLE
DT Tim Jernigan (illness)
PROBABLE
RB Jay Ajayi (ankle)
DT Fletcher Cox (calf)
CB Ronald Darby (illness)
LB Dannell Ellerbe (hamstring)
Kevin McGuire is a Philadelphia area sports writer and college football editor for The Comeback and host of the No 2-Minute Warning Podcast. Follow McGuire on Twitter and like him on Facebook.
Can't get enough of the fidget spinners? Well, now you can make one right in the comfort of your own home. AND it's edible!
The fine folks at Tasty have created a working fidget spinner cookie recipe! That's right, it even spins.
Perfect for anyone who likes to play with their food before digging in.
Officers are investigating a fatal shooting that happened inside a home in the 4800 block of Elsa Rd. Sunday night.
The shooting happened around 10 p.m., according to San Diego police.
Officials cannot confirm the number of victims, but the victim(s) was pronounced dead at the scene.
Check back on this breaking story for updates.
Tax appeal workshop Wednesday in Buffalo Grove
hello
State Rep. Carol Sente will host a free property tax appeals workshop for residents of Vernon Township from 6 to 7:30 p.m. Wednesday, Aug. 16, at the township's community services building, 2900 N. Main St., Buffalo Grove.
Township Supervisor Daniel Didech and Assessor Gary Raupp will be on hand to explain the residential property assessment and appeal process, as well as walk participants step by step through the property tax appeal process.
Visit http://www.lakecountyil.gov/ for a list of assessment help centers. The last day for residents of Lake County to file their appeals is 30 days after the publication of current assessments for your township.
""It is not possible to make a sound decision or to participate in society without being informed about one's options, opportunities, and rights.""
2016 Annual Report European Youth Information and Counselling Agency
Ukrainian 3D-printed house takes on US market
Conflict with Russia has not stopped a new crop of entrepreneurs finding funding, including Maxim Gerbut, the creator of the ultimate smart house
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
You Me at Six frontman Josh Franceschi will be playing a DJ set in Reading to celebrate Skint Monday's 25th anniversary.
The well-known club night has been hugely popular with students in Reading for a quarter of a century.
It was first held at Facebar in the 1990s, but since then it has moved to several venues such Revolution and Sakura.
Public in Castle Street now hosts the club night which has been renamed Skint Rock, as it is known for playing heavy metal and alt rock tracks.
The mark the club night's 25th anniversary, the Me At Six singer will be playing a DJ set on Monday, October 9.
He will then be heading to Germany for his band's tour of the country, which will be followed by performances in Holland, Greece and Mexico.
Don't forget you can also keep up to date with the latest via the free getreading app.
You can download it for Apple devices here and Android devices here.
The Annual Agricultural Fair will be held on August 19 from 1:30 to 7:00 pm. Admission to the fair is free. There will be exhibits of home-grown vegetables, fruits and flowers as well as baking, needlework and crafts. If you are looking for something tasty, check out our Bake Table. There is always something sweet to be found there. Our tried and true Ham & Bean Supper will be held at 6:00 pm. Tickets are $8 for adults and $4 for children under 10.
For those of you with gardens or like making things with your hands, think about entering the Fair. Our bright pink Fair Books are out and around the Tri-Town area. All the information you need is in them for entering. The books are a guide. If you have something you would like to enter, but it is not in the book, bring it to the hall. We accept all. To enter, bring your vegetables, etc. to the Grange Hall, 205 Hartley Road, on Friday, August 18 between 2:00 and 4:00 pm and between 7:00 and 8:30 pm.
Remember, anyone of any age is eligible to enter. We look forward to seeing many old friends and meeting new ones at the fair. If you have any questions, please call Sue at 508-295-8908 or email sash48@comcast.net.
S&P affirms Saudi Arabia rating on hopes of consolidation in public finances
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Digital Trial subscription for $1.00 for 4 weeks
You will be billed $36.00 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $6.45 per week
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week
Other Subscription options:
NEW YORK (AP) — Didi Gregorius had another big game at Yankee Stadium with a two-run homer and three RBIs, and Gary Sanchez homered twice to help CC Sabathia and New York romp past the Minnesota Twins yet again, 8-3 on Tuesday night.
Aaron Judge hit his seventh home run as the Yankees went deep four times for the second straight night. Gleyber Torres had a pair of hits and his first RBI for New York, which extended a winning streak to four for the first time under new manager Aaron Boone and sent the Twins to their season-worst fifth consecutive loss.
A night after a 14-1 drubbing, New York beat Minnesota for the sixth straight time and improved to 27-9 against the Twins at new Yankee Stadium, including the playoffs. Judge was a triple short of the cycle and Gregorius also had three hits.
Sabathia (1-0) rarely allowed hard contact in his second start back from the disabled list and gave up an unearned run and two hits in six innings. He is 20-9 in 39 regular-season starts against the Twins.
Gregorius hit an RBI single for a 2-1 lead in the third and pulled a changeup just inside the right-field foul pole and into the second deck for a 5-1 margin in the fifth. All eight of his home runs and 23 of his 27 RBIs this year have come at home. Babe Ruth (1921) and Alex Rodriguez (2007) are the only other Yankees with that many homers and RBIs in the first 22 games.
Jose Berrios (2-2) entered with 14 consecutive scoreless innings and had 29 strikeouts and one walk in his first four outings. He allowed five runs, six hits and two walks in four-plus innings, raising his ERA from 1.63 to 2.84.
Dellin Betances entered with a 5-1 lead in the sixth but lasted just four batters, giving up a pair of walks, a hit and another unearned run. David Robertson pitched out of two-on, one-out trouble by striking out Ehire Adrianza and retiring pinch-hitter Joe Mauer on a comebacker.
Judge led off the bottom half with a loud, opposite-field drive to right off Tyler Duffey, who was brought up from the minors before the game for his season debut. Judge became the fastest in major league history to hit 63 career home runs, doing it in 203 games, four fewer than Mark McGwire.
Sanchez, whose second-inning home run tied the score, hit a two-run drive later in the seventh into the netting above Monument Park in center. Judge, arms crossed, gave Sanchez the silent treatment in the dugout before smiling and giving Sanchez a hug.
Errors by Judge in right, Neil Walker at first, Torres while covering first and Betances raised the Yankees' total to 22 in 22 games, tied for the major league lead.
Eduardo Escobar had three hits, a walk and an RBI for the Twins. Brian Dozier went 0 for 4 after getting hits in Minnesota's first 17 games — 24 in a row dating to last season.
EMERGING EMOJI
As the Yankees add new players, Gregorius comes up with additional emojis for his tweets that follow wins. Torres is Baby bottle, Giancarlo Stanton is Volcano and Tyler Austin is Police car. Luis Severino has grown from Baby last season to Child.
WHIFFS
A night after going 4 for 4, Stanton had his second three-strikeout game this season to go along with a pair of five-strikeout games.
HE'S BACK
Released during spring training and re-signed last week, 1B Adam Lind made his season debut for the Yankees' Class A farm team in Tampa and went 3 for 3 with a double, walk and RBI.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Twins: OF Byron Buxton (migraines) will go to extended spring training after fouling a ball off his left foot Sunday during a rehab assignment with Class A Fort Myers.
Yankees: 3B Brandon Drury (migraines) is on track to start a rehab assignment Wednesday with Triple-A Scranton/Wilkes-Barre.
UP NEXT
RHP Sonny Gray (1-1, 8.27 ERA), who has totaled just 16 1/3 innings in four starts, is on the mound for the Yankees on Wednesday night, when RHP Lance Lynn (0-1, 6.00) starts for Minnesota. Lynn's only previous outing against the Yankees was a five-hit shutout for St. Louis in 2014.
(© Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
Revathy Defends Manju Warrier's Silence
While speaking on the matter, Revathy said that Manju has decided against commenting on Dileep's return to AMMA as she has a 'personal connection' with the whole controversy.
"Manju has decided to stay away from all this for now. She has a personal connection to the entire issue and it's her right to keep away from the row," she added.
Manju Has Spoken About The Actress Assault Case In The Past
While Manju has decided against commenting on the AMMA issue, the fact remains that she is quite outspoken and has been a pillar of support for the attacked actress for some time. Last February, she had asked AMMA to ensure that justice prevails and hinted at a conspiracy behind the attack.
She Has Spoken In Favour Of Dileep As Well
Last year, Manju had spoken in favour of Dileep's Ramleela and criticised those who were asking for a ban on the film. She had also made it clear that there is no place for such things in a civilised society.
To Conclude..
There's no denying that Dileep's return to AMMA has taken a toll on the organisation's reputation. The Kannada Film Industry recently commented on the controversy and asked AMMA to re-consider the decision to take back Dileep. KFI's actions indicate that this is no longer something that concerns only Mollywood. As such, it will not be too surprising if Manju is ultimately forced to comment on the matter.
FILE - In this Sept. 21, 2016 file photo, unit one of the V.C. Summer Nuclear Station near Jenkinsville, S.C., is viewed during a media tour of the facility. Proponents of nuclear power are pushing to revive a failed project to build two reactors in South Carolina, arguing that the demise of the $14 billion venture could signal doom for an industry that supplies one-fifth of the nation's electricity. The July 31 suspension of the partly-completed V.C. Summer project near Columbia, S.C., leaves two nuclear reactors under construction in Georgia as the only ones being built in the U.S. Chuck Burton, File AP Photo
A hiker who was stranded in Montaña de Oro State Park on Saturday, February 4, 2017, was airlifted to safety Sunday morning. Here is footage of the rescue from the view of the California Highway Patrol helicopter. The 27-year-old hiker had become lost and “disoriented” near Allen Peak.
(CBS Local) – Gun owners around the country are blowing up expensive coolers after the NRA accused outdoor lifestyle company Yeti of joining a nationwide boycott of the gun-rights organization.
According to a letter from Marion P. Hammer of the NRA's Institute for Legislative Action, Yeti has cut ties with the NRA and is refusing to do business with the NRA Foundation or offer discounts to members. “YETI should be ashamed. They have declined to continue helping America's young people enjoy outdoor recreational activities,” Hammer claims in the April 20 statement.
In response to the news, NRA members and supporters have begun taking their frustrations out on the company's hottest item: outdoor coolers. In a number of online videos boycotting Yeti, gun owners are seen destroying the expensive containers by loading them with explosives and shooting them. “This Yeti ain't ready,” South Carolina resident Bryan Atkinson declared before obliterating his cooler.
The pricey coolers reportedly cost anywhere between $250 and $1,300; making a discount on Yeti camping and hunting gear very helpful to consumers. “If Yeti can't stand behind the NRA, I ain't standing behind Yeti no more,” Atkinson added in a Facebook post.
Yeti is disputing the NRA's claims that they've joined a boycott against pro-gun Americans. “Yeti notified the NRA Foundation, as well as a number of other organizations, that we were eliminating a group of outdated discounting programs,” the company wrote in a statement posted to Facebook. The outdoor lifestyle supplier added that they're offering business partners like the NRA alternative programs and called claims that Yeti was turning their backs on young gun owners untrue.
Several organizations including airlines and rental car companies have cut ties with the National Rifle Association in the wake of the deadly Parkland, Florida school shooting which killed 17 people in February. Since the shooting, many Americans have lashed out at the NRA for their stance on assault rifles and lobbying efforts against tighter gun laws.
Although Yeti says that their policy change on discounts is not related to the boycott, the decision was made less than two months after groups began to cut ties with the pro-gun group. Bank of America joined the movement in mid-April when the company announced that it would no longer lend money to companies which produce assault-style weapons for civilians.
Mirai Botnet Starts Mining for Bitcoins In New Twist
IBM X-Force has discovered a first-of-its-kind variant of the ELF Linux/Mirai malware that has a built-in component designed to mine bitcoins.
The variant was first discovered without the bitcoin mining capability in August 2016, but traffic from the new strain containing links to ELF 64-bit binary files started towards the end of March 2017, increased by 50 percent in four days and disappeared another four days later.
According to Dave McMillen, senior threat researcher at IBM managed security services, this new Mirai strain was similar to another recently-created version that leverages a Windows Trojan, but was focused on attacking Linux machines running BusyBox, a software that describes itself as the swiss army knife of embedded Linux.
Mirai Mining
The Windows version contained some extra capabilities from normal Mirai botnets such as SQL injection and brute-force attack tools, but the new ELF Linux/Mirai malware variant boasts an extra add-on in the form of a bitcoin miner slave.
This led us to question the effectiveness of a bitcoin miner running on a simple IoT device that lacks the power to create many bitcoins, if any at all, McMillen writes. Given Mirai's power to infect thousands of machines at a time, however, there is a possibility that the bitcoin miners could work together in tandem as one large miner consortium.
We haven't yet determined that capability, but we found it to be an interesting yet concerning possibility. Its possible that while the Mirai bots are idle and awaiting further instructions, they could be leveraged to go into mining mode.
In a blog post, McMillen also highlighted the benefits of focusing on bitcoin mining due to society's growing preference of cashless payments, especially seeing as cyber criminal activity is often funded by the cryptocurrency.
However, he questioned the economic validity of such a strategy: Almost four years ago, Krebs on Security discussed bitcoin mining bots; in that case, the compromised hosts were PCs. Mining bitcoins, however, is a CPU-intensive activity, he says.
How many compromised devices would it take to make the mining of bitcoin a viable revenue source for attackers? Wouldn't attackers have better luck compromising a bitcoin exchange company, as has been the case numerous times in the past? Its possible they're looking to find a way to make bitcoin mining via compromised IoT devices a lucrative venture.
Reign of Terror
Although the potential impact of this new Mirai strain is unclear, the botnet which compromises IoT devices and launches distributed denial-of-service (DDoS) attacks against predefined targets has been busy plaguing businesses and devices for some time.
It first gained notoriety after being used in the high-profile attack on DNS hosting provider Dyn which took down the likes of Netflix, Twitter and Reddit and has since targeted Talk Talk and the Post Office in the UK.
Most recently, it was responsible for a massive 54-hour attack on a US college which generated the highest traffic flow that security firm Imperva Incapsula had ever seen out of a Mirai botnet.
© 2017 DesignMENA.com under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Read more on: IBM, Bitcoin, Cybercrime, Cybersecurity, Ransomware, Botnet, IoT, Government, Cyberwarfare, Mirai
WAILUKU, Hawaii — Less than a week after it opened, Maui's first state-licensed medical marijuana dispensary is reworking its opening hours as demand for its product outstrips supply because of a backlog.
Maui Grown Therapies says it had expected its most recent batch of flowers to clear state lab certification by Saturday, but that didn't happen, The Maui News reported. Company officials said it sold out its first batch of certified flowers Saturday.
Maui Grown Therapies opened for business Tuesday. Company officials say the dispensary could only sell flowers — resulting in depleted flower stocks on Maui and “disappointed patients.”
The company said it needs the Department of Health's State Labs Division “to help unclog a backlog of products so Maui patients can have access to quality-assured medicinal cannabis products.”
It will be closed Monday and Tuesday and reopen at noon Wednesday, when it will sell to patients who make appointments through its website.
“It's unfortunate that an administrative hindrance of this magnitude prevents patients from getting the help they need,” said Christopher Cole, director of product management for Maui Grown Therapies. “We had planned to open with a full range of derivative products such as concentrates, oils, capsules and topical products, but at the eleventh hour we discovered that the State Labs Division had failed to certify a lab to conduct testing of manufactured products.”
State offices were closed Saturday, and state Health Department officials could not be reached for comment.
“We could serve thousands of patients with the amount of manufactured product we currently have available for final compliance testing,” Cole said. “Even though we were approved by the Department of Health on May 24 to manufacture cannabis products, the restrictions placed on the state's only licensed lab have prevented us from offering these products to our patients — and it is entirely unclear to us when this will change.”
The dispensary's initial posted hours were 10 a.m. to 7 p.m. Monday through Saturday. Dispensary hours have been changed too noon to 6 p.m. until further notice.
Zaheer Khan
Sagarika Ghatge and Zaheer Khan are enjoying their honeymoon in the Maldives and the couple have been posting tons of pictures on their social media handle showcasing the sun, sand and the beach.
The images look breathtaking and Maldives and the waters are so clear, Maldives is truly an ideal place for a honeymoon and Zaheer and Sagarika are doing just that! Check out the pictures below...
By Cindy Wooden
VATICAN CITY (CNS) — Acknowledging how often the Catholic Church failed to protect children from sexual abuse, Pope Francis pledged “to work strenuously and with foresight for the protection of minors and their dignity,” including online.
“As all of us know, in recent years the church has come to acknowledge her own failures in providing for the protection of children: Extremely grave facts have come to light, for which we have to accept our responsibility before God, before the victims and before public opinion,” the pope said Oct. 6.
Pope Francis welcomed to the Vatican participants from an international congress on protecting children in a digital world. Hosted by the Pontifical Gregorian University's Center for Child Protection in partnership with WePROTECT Global Alliance , the congress Oct. 3-6 was designed to get faith communities, police, software and social media industries, mass media, nonprofits and governments working together to better protect minors.
At the beginning of the audience , Muiireann O'Carroll , a 1 6-year-old from Ireland, summarized the congress conclusions “on behalf of all children.”
Participants appealed to governments, church leaders and tech companies to do everything possible to remove online images of children and young people being sexually abused, identify and help those children, and end cyberbullying and “sextortion,” which is using sexual images to blackmail someone. They also asked people involved in health care to increase the training needed to know when a young patient is being abused and how to help them.
Pope Francis told the group that as a result of the “painful experiences” of seeing some of its clergy abuse children, but also as a result of “the skills gained in the process of conversion and purification, the church today feels especially bound to work strenuously and with foresight for the protection of minors and their dignity, not only within her own ranks, but in society as a whole and throughout the world.”
The 80-year-old pope said that with the explosive growth of digital technology, “we are living in a new world that, when we were young, we could hardly have imagined.”
“If, on the one hand, we are filled with real wonder and admiration at the new and impressive horizons opening up before us,” he said, on the other hand its quick and widespread development has created new problems.
“We rightly wonder if we are capable of guiding the processes we ourselves have set in motion, whether they might be escaping our grasp, and whether we are doing enough to keep them in check,” Pope Francis told the group.
The “extremely troubling things on the net,” he said, include “the spread of ever more extreme pornography, since habitual use raises the threshold of stimulation; the increasing phenomenon of sexting between young men and women who use social media; and the growth of online bullying, a true form of moral and physical attack on the dignity of other young people.”
In addition, he said, there are the phenomena of sextortion and the solicitation online of minors for sexual purposes, “to say nothing of the grave and appalling crimes of online trafficking in persons, prostitution and even the commissioning and live viewing of acts of rape and violence against minors in other parts of the world.”
“The net has its dark side — the ‘dark net' — where evil finds ever new, effective and pervasive ways to act and to expand,” the pope said. “The spread of printed pornography in the past was a relatively small phenomenon compared to the proliferation of pornography on the net.”
The problem is huge and global, the pope said, and no one should underestimate the harm children and young people face.
“Neurobiology, psychology and psychiatry have brought to light the profound impact of violent and sexual images on the impressionable minds of children, the psychological problems that emerge as they grow older, the dependent behaviors and situations, and genuine enslavement that result from a steady diet of provocative or violent images,” he noted.
“The spread of ever more extreme pornography and other improper uses of the net not only causes disorders, dependencies and grave harm among adults, but also has a real impact on the way we view love and relations between the sexes,” he said. “We would be seriously deluding ourselves were we to think that a society where an abnormal consumption of internet sex is rampant among adults could be capable of effectively protecting minors.”
While the internet has given people greater access to information and a vehicle for self-expression, it is not simply “a realm of unlimited freedom” without consequence, the pope said. The freedom of the internet “also offered new means for engaging in heinous illicit activities,” often with children as their victims.
“This has nothing to do with the exercise of freedom,” Pope Francis insisted. “It has to do with crimes that need to be fought with intelligence and determination, through a broader cooperation among governments and law enforcement agencies on the global level, even as the net itself is now global.”
– – –
Copyright © 2017 Catholic News Service/U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops. www.catholicnews.com. All rights reserved. Republishing or redistributing of CNS content, including by framing or similar means without prior permission, is prohibited. You may link to stories on our public site. This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. To request permission for republishing or redistributing of CNS content, please contact permissions at cns@catholicnews.com.
We'll assume we have your consent to use cookies, for example so you won't need to log in each time you visit our site.
Learn more
Agree
Benavidez nails Gavril with a right cross. photo / @ShowtimeBoxing
David Benavidez and Ronald Gavril already combined for one terrific action fight, and if they can match their bravado, the rematch promises to be even better.
They'll mix it up again on February 17 for the WBC super middleweight title with Benavidez, the youngest champion in boxing, ready to prove he's an elite talent in the Showtime co-feature in Las Vegas.
Gavril (18-2, 14 knockouts) surprisingly pushed Benavidez to the limit in September and even dropped the 21-year-old in the final round. But Benavidez escaped with the controversial decision victory. He hopes to leave no doubt this time around.
“I am not focused on anything except for this fight. He says it's going to end in a knockout, but I promise you I will finish him with a knockout come fight night,” said Benavidez (19-0, 17 KOs). “I'm here to give the fans what they want, and that's another great fight.
“I think we're definitely going to steal the show February 17. It was a great fight last time and I have no doubt it's going to be exciting again, as long as it lasts. There's only one way this fight ends and that's with me knocking him out.”
Gavril, a 31-year-old native of Romania, is looking to become the lone titleholder in the Mayweather Promotions stable. He was a heavy underdog in the first bout, but impressed with his relentless, pressure style and ability to land power shots.
It's going to take another Herculean effort in the rematch if he's going to upend Benavidez, THE RING's No. 9 168-pounder.
“I feel quicker, stronger, and more mentally prepared,” Gavril said. “I know he is going to try and switch up his game plan for this fight, but my team has been preparing me for anything that he may try and bring on fight night.
“I will be the next WBC Super Middleweight Champion. Last fight was a battle, but this fight will end in a knockout.”
Mike Coppinger is the Senior Writer for RingTV.com. Follow him on Twitter: @MikeCoppinger
Donald Trump's love of manufacturing is misguided
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.
President Trump on Wednesday tapped Veterans Affairs chief of staff Peter O'Rourke to lead the agency on an acting basis as his nominee, Robert Wilkie, awaits Senate confirmation.
Wilkie has led the VA since Trump fired David Shulkin in March amid an ethics scandal.
Trump then turned to longtime White House physician Ronny Jackson for the post, but the Navy doctor withdrew amid allegations about his behavior, including that he overprescribed opioids and got sloshed while on duty.
Wilkie, a former Pentagon undersecretary, cannot run the agency on an acting basis as he awaits Senate confirmation.
O'Rourke, a member of Trump's transition team, previously served as the head of the VA's new accountability office, which is charged with helping enforce the new law making it easier to fire employees.
His appointment by Trump bypassed the No. 2 official at VA, Tom Bowman, who has been criticized at the White House for being too moderate to push Trump's agenda of fixing veterans' care.
The VA is the federal government's second-largest agency with 360,000 employees serving 9 million veterans.
Democrats have said they intend to question Wilkie on whether he plans to “privatize” or degrade the VA health system, an issue that Shulkin has said led to his ouster.
Jacquelyn Hayes-Byrd, formerly the VA's deputy chief of staff, will serve as acting chief of staff during O'Rourke's stint as acting secretary, according to Politico.
With Post wires
PRESS RELEASES
iGaming software provider gets into the World Cup groove by unveiling new Brazilian-themed slots game
4th July 2018 – Pariplay Ltd., a gaming technology company serving iGaming operators, land-based casinos and lotteries, has launched Rio Fever, an original online video slot. Developed by Pariplay's in-house studio, the game combines appealing aesthetics, tantalising bonuses and innovative features to encourage strong player acquisition and retention.
Complete with a Samba-inspired soundtrack and glamourous graphics that evoke the flamboyance of the Rio Carnival, Pariplay's exciting Rio Fever game gives players plenty of reasons to party this summer. The game release also coincides with a time during which Brazilian fever is running even higher as the nation's football team continues to progress in the World Cup. Featuring 4×5 reels and 40 lines, the title also includes various bonuses, including wild symbols, free spins, and both random and expanding wilds. Players can dance the night away, for even longer, by triggering the ‘Rio Fever Bonus Wheel' feature.
Designed for a global audience, Rio Fever is available in 16 different languages and will encapsulate the current football fever sweeping the world. In addition to English, the title is optimised for play in Chinese, French, Dutch, German, Swedish, Norwegian and more.
Rio Fever was developed in HTML5, allowing for play across smartphones, tablets and desktop. The release continues Pariplay's emphasis on developing mobile-optimised titles, a strategy which recently saw the companywin the ‘Mobile Gaming Software' accolade at the 2018 eGR B2B Awards in recognition of its interactive gaming systemeyeON®.
Certified by gaming regulators in the UK, Isle of Man and Malta, Rio Fever boasts a 96% return to player (RTP) ratio and therefore gives players a favourable incentive to join the fun. The ‘Autobet/Autoplay'feature, which can be set for 10 to 50 rounds,is another convenientgame option. Meanwhile, ‘reality check'has also beenincorporated to promote responsible gaming.
The addition of Rio Fever further expands Pariplay's collection of over 100 titles. These include original games, such as the recently-launched World Cup Keno game, along with Chitty Bang and Wild Cherry. Atari® Star Raiders, Valiant Entertainment's Bloodshot®, and The Three Stooges® all form part of the company's portfolio of branded titles.
Richard Mintz, Commercial and Marketing Director at Pariplay, said: “With Rio Fever, bothour partners and their playersare invited to an exciting gameplay experience that embodies the carnival atmosphere, while providing eye-catching graphicsand plenty of big win potential with each spin. With the Brazilian football team one of the favourites at the World Cup, we felt this was the perfect time to roll the game out.”
For more information about the Rio Fever slot launch, contact Pariplay.
About Pariplay Ltd.
Pariplay Limited is a leading provider of Internet Gaming Systems, offering state-of-the-art, in-house developed gaming platforms and Internet games as well as integrated third-party games from leading industry companies. Founded in 2010, our team has over 50 gaming experts with offices in Tel Aviv, Israel, Sofia, Bulgaria and Gibraltar, built to support our customers' requirements in a dynamic and competitive environment.
The group is licensed and regulated by the Gibraltar Gambling Commission, Alderney Gambling Control Commission and by the UK Gambling Commission. Our Gaming Systems, RNG and all games are certified and tested by the leading testing labs and meet the highest industry standards for online gaming testing and certification.
As a business-to-business provider of games of skill and chance, Pariplay fully understands the importance of responsible gaming and has implemented policies and tools within its systems and
Contact Information
Gili Lisani
CEO
Pariplay Ltd.
Email: gili@pariplayltd.com
Website: www.pariplayltd.com
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/pariplay-limited
Comments
Public stands up to help radio station
Alan Chartock (Photo via WAMC website)
“It's all Trump,” said Alan Chartock, president and CEO of WAMC, the Albany-based public radio station that broke fundraising records on Feb. 6, during the first of three annual fund drives traditionally held by the station.
“This is a record-breaker,” Chartock said, noting that the nonprofit only began asking for a million dollars “a couple of years ago.” Typically, he said, it can take an average of seven to nine days for the station to hit that goal. While a little less than $500,00 was contributed prior to the fund drive kick-off and held in a “Locked Box,” Chartock said, “This is the first time we've done it on the first day we were actually on the air.”
WAMC began in the late 1950s as a radio station for Albany Medical Center and Albany Medical College (AMC), hence the call sign. In 1981, the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) license on 90.3 FM was transferred to a 501c3 tax-exempt entity, WAMC, Inc., which had been set up by a group of five corporators — including Chartock, who joined the station in 1979 — affiliated with the State University of New York and New York State government. Currently, WAMC has 12 broadcast radio stations serving seven states in New England and Mid-Atlantic States and operates The Linda/WAMC Performing Arts Studio, a performance venue in Albany.
Chartock was there for the first ‘Save Our Station' WAMC fund drive in 1979, the proceeds of which — about $129,000 —all went to AMC. This year, over a little more than 12 hours, the station raised an average of $50,000 an hour. “To me, that's unbelievable,” he said.
Chartock can only remember twice in the history of the station when fund drives have even come close to ending so swiftly, and in neither case, he noted, had the financial ceiling been set so high. Both, however, do involve Gov. Mario Cuomo, the father of our current state governor who lost to Gov. George Pataki in 1994.
During his time in office, Cuomo had a regular show on AMC, called “Me and Mario.” After losing to Pataki, it was WAMC's understanding that the governor would not be appearing on the subsequent fund drive initiative. “But he showed up,” said Chartock. “And we had a half an hour conversation and it was his valedictory ‘goodbye.' There were people in tears.”
“And then,” he said, “the phone rang on one side of the room. And then a phone rang on the other. And then they rang for seven hours.”
The second instance happened after Pataki was in office. One of the governor's top aides called Chartock to ask why Cuomo still made regular appearances on their station. “I said, ‘well, because he's the greatest orator in the United States,” said Chartock, adding that he offered Pataki the opportunity to appear as often as he liked or even to have his own show. “He's certainly not the most articulate guy in the world,” he said, “but I would have done it.”
Chartock walked in on the first day of the next fund drive and received word from a friend at the state Department of Education, who informed him that the state had figured out a formula by which to deprive the station of its funding. “So,” he said, “I get on the microphone and say, “Ladies and gentlemen, do you know what just happened? And I explained what happened and I said, ‘You know, when the nazis came, the first thing that happened was they took the radio station. When the communists came to town, the first thing they did was take the radio station.”
The phones, he said, “did not stop ringing.”
Even so, said Chartock, neither of those drives came close to netting $1 million.
Concerns over the federal administration's threats to cut funding for The National Endowment for the Arts, the National Endowment for the Humanities and the Corporation for Public Broadcasting as part of a wider program of federal budget cuts, said Chartock, are the most likely explanation for the enthusiastic giving. Supporters also helped to raise money for The First Amendment Fund, established in 2006 to protect the station in the event of a loss of federal funding. That fund, he said, has dwindled in recent years, but is now receiving renewed focus and funding.
WAMC donors have the opportunity to leave comments along with their donations. “I don't remember all of them,” said Chartock. “There are thousands and thousands. But some said, ‘I'm scared.' Some said, ‘ WAMC is one of the places where there is a true forum where anybody can say anything.'”
In addition to raising money for the of running the station — somewhere in the neighborhood of $7 million a year — WAMC partners with other organizations, such as The Adirondack Council, who match drive funds raised by the station and contribute those funds to a charitable cause.
This year, The Adirondack Council committed to keeping 200 tons of carbon pollution out of the atmosphere. Other February 2017 partners included: The Seymour Fox Memorial Foundation to provide 1,080 nights of emergency shelter; Joseph's House & Shelter in Troy, which provides meals, access to personal care, medical and dental care, legal services and other support to keep the homeless off the streets; and The Fox Foundation, which, helped to provide 780 babies in the region with a month's worth of diapers that will be distributed by The Food Pantries for the Capital District.
WAMC will hold two more fundraisers this year, but Chartock said that they're happy to take donations at any time. To donate to the station or to its First Amendment Fund, visit www.wamc.org.
Share this: Email
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Reddit
Google
Like this: Like Loading...
Related
Comment on this Story
Premium features include the agenda-setting Lex column, EM Squared, Martin Sandbu's Free Lunch, Newsmine blog, daily FT ePaper and exclusive weekly emails designed to enhance your FT experience.
What do you get in your Premium Subscription package?
Lex Column - The FT's daily guide to the corporate and financial stories that matter. Since the 1930's Lex has been providing concise, readable and timely commentary on companies, markets and the theory behind investing. From tech valuations to the pros and cons of share buybacks, via the banking crisis and emerging markets, Our specialists in London, New York and Hong Kong give you the tools to make better investment decisions.
Editor's Choice - An exclusive weekly newsletter with insights from Lionel Barber, the Financial Times' lauded editor.
FT Newsmine Blog - A weekly email that abstracts essential macroeconomic data for you from the week's news stories.
Free lunch - Martin Sandbu's Free Lunch - A succinct daily take on global economics from columnist Martin Sandbu who selects and comments on the day's biggest topics.
NINEVEH, Ind. (WISH) — An Indianapolis man is in critical but stable condition after crashing his off-road vehicle into a barn in northern Brown County.
It happened around 4 p.m. Sunday in the 8700 block of Nineveh Road.
Witnesses told Indiana Conservation Officers that the vehicle's driver apparently lost control while driving, veering off the road and hitting a barn.
Christopher Oder, 38, of Indianapolis, was flown by helicopter to IU Health Methodist Hospital with head trauma.
Officials say Oder was not wearing protective equipment and that they believe alcohol played a factor in the crash.
This investigation is ongoing.
Ashutosh Defends Shilpa
When Rocky slammed Shilpa for sharing an adult video on social media, Ashutosh defended his sister, by tweeting, "@JJROCKXX a person who has fallen prey to such disgusting act can only understand. Before being a celeb she is a woman and has every right to raise voice against such acts. SM only promoted her fabricated clip, so if she is using same SM to prove it wrong, then what's harm." - (sic)
Rocky Doesn't Agree With Ashutosh
Rocky replied to Ashutosh, "Mere Bhai @ShindeAshutosh any such act against any woman is absolutely not acceptable n she has all the rights to raise her voice through the right http://channels.As a brother myself my heart goes out for u but we'll just have to agree to disagree here.All the best always!" - (sic)
Shilpa's Brother Slams Media
To this, Shilpa's brother replied, "I disagree to agree here Bhai 🙏 Thanks for your concern though." He also slammed media, "Media didn't think twice before making earlier clip viral and now talking about SM ethics n protocols... Moreover, rather than supporting a female in this courageous act, they even have audacity to say that "Shilpa Shinde promoting Porn" Please do some sensible journalism 🙏." - (sic)
Shilpa Shinde SLAMS Hina Khan & BF Rocky Jaiswal over controversial video | FilmiBeat
He Asks Tweeples To Stop Trolling
He even asked tweeples to stop trolling, "A sincere request to everyone on this platform.. please stop TROLLING 🙏 Express your love for your Idol by sharing your good thoughts about him/her, but not by foul mouthing someone else. That path leads no where but filthy spillovers. Stay happy and keep everyone happy 🙏" - (sic)
Hina Khan Had Supported A Rapper!
One of the user, HerdHUSH shared a link (with snapshot) in which Hina Khan had tweeted a video of her close friend (rapper) and asked her fans to support him (2015 tweet). The video had cuss words (bad language).
HerdHush Tweets
"Mr. Hypocrite @JJROCKXX shows serious concern on @ShindeShilpaS Tweet Where was your Concern When #HinnaKhan was promoting Adult Video of her Friend Dino James which is 1. Full of Abuses. 2. Appreciates Women as Sex Objects. 3. Vilifies Women." - (sic)
Ashutosh Writes
Ashutosh retweeted HerdHUSH's message and wrote, "The msg which @ShindeShilpaS put was loud n clear.. it was a sheer self defense.. am sure everyone will now realize what promotion is and what's not." - (sic)
Shilpa Doesn't Have Time To Hate People
Meanwhile, Shilpa shared a picture with a message, "I don't have time to hate people... who hates me. because i am too busy loving people who love me..." - (sic). Looks like the actress doesn't care for the trolls!
CTV Ottawa
The number of emergency room visits for opioid related overdoses is on the rise in Ottawa.
New data contained in a report for Ottawa's Board of Health shows hospital visits related to overdoses have increased. There were 258 visits in 2016 compared to 387 in 2017.
Ottawa Public Health attributes that jump to greater awareness as well as a growing opioid crisis.
"Pretty much everything that is taken illicit is probably cut with fentanyl, which really increases your chance of overdose and we have really pushed the message to call 911," said Andrew Hendriks, a director with Ottawa Public Health.
"An overdose is a medical emergency. But we also know that with the drug supply being cut with fentanyl that there are more overdoses taken place and more emergency room visits because of that as well," he added.
There are currently two supervised injection sites open in Ottawa: one is run by OPH at 179 Clarence and the other is run by Ottawa Inner City Health outside the Shepherds of Good Hope.
The so-called trailer at the Shepherds of Good Hope sees up to 175 visitors per day, while OPH's much smaller site sees about 25 visits per day.
"It allows the nurse and the client to have a discussion about how to reduce the risks associated with using the drugs, and they can also refer clients to other services," Hendriks said.
OPH's clinic has helped about 174 clients since it opened two injection booths at the end of September and with demand growing, it is now lobbying the board of health and the city for a permanent facility. It costs approximately $75,000 a month to run, and was built as a temporary site to deal with a cluster of overdoses this Summer.
The trailer run by Inner City Health is also seeing a spike in demand and is also seeking additional funding to grow its operation beyond the eight injection booths currently available to clients.
'It's been far busier than we first imagined," said Ann Marie Hawkins, a Supervisor at Inner City Health. "When we first opened we thought we'd see maybe 50 to 75 people a day, but we are now putting through closer to 150 to 175 people a day through the small trailer."
The board of health will look at OPH's proposal on Monday.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
Michio Kaku, a theoretical physicist and the co-founder of string field theory, from the City College of New York, gives a lecture about the future technology and lifestyle at the IT event "5th Campus Party", at Anhembi park in São Paulo, Brazil. YASUYOSHI CHIBA / AFP/Getty Images
The new administration has withdrawn to its corner for now, recovering from a series of court rulings holding that executive orders stopping travel from seven Muslim majority countries are illegal.
But President Donald Trump has vowed to keep trying, even as medical, scientific and technology groups work every possible angle to get employees and students through the new barriers.
Trump frames the travel ban as an issue of national security. In reality, says Dr. Michio Kaku, the nation's safety — along with its prosperity — rely on immigration.
Related: Will the Future of Tech Be a 'Disaster' Under Trump?
Without immigration, "we'd be a third-rate country," says Kaku, the well-known author of "The Future of the Mind" and other books and a professor of physics at City College of New York. "Most of the prosperity that we see around us is due to the genius of the people that came in the so-called brain drain. There is a brain drain into the United States."
Being able to attract the world's best and the brightest gives the U.S. a huge advantage, Kaku says. It makes for a bigger pie, so everyone gets more.
"The political world view is that it's a zero-sum game," Kaku says. "People think you have to cut the pie thinner and thinner."
Play Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Embed Donald Trump considering 'brand new' travel ban after court ruling 2:38 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Kaku says the influx of immigrants doesn't cost native-born Americans their jobs, or at least not to any significant extent. "These people do not replace American workers," he says. "They create new industries."
"Oceans of immigrants" started flocking to U.S. universities after World War II, says Kaku, himself the son of Tibetan-Japanese immigrants."They are the cream of the cream of the cream."
He points especially to the H-1B visa, created in 1990 to bring in skilled workers for the tech industry.
"The H-1B visa is called the 'genius visa' for a reason," Kaku says. The visas are given to people who usually have at least a bachelor's degree and a dozen years of work experience in fields like medicine and engineering. Employers apply for the visas on behalf of applicants and win them through a lottery. Every year, 85,000 H-1Bs are awarded.
Related: Doctors, Scientists, Denounce Trump Immigration Order
"You don't, of course, have to be a genius," Kaku says. "But you are at the top level of education. You have a Ph.D in computer science, a Ph.D. in chemistry, a Ph.D. in physics. And these are the people that drive entire industries."
Some critics say the visas are just a funnel to bring in cheap labor for big tech companies, and Trump has promised to overhaul the H-1B system. But Kaku urges caution.
"Why commit technological suicide by restricting the flow of talent into the United States?" he asks. "Other countries would give their eyeteeth to have this flow of scientists into their country. They are envious of the United States, and if we fritter it away, what a waste."
Kaku calls our high school system "one of the worst known to science," Kaku says. That's an exaggeration, though not a huge one. The U.S. actually scores about in the middle on international tests of reading, math, and science.
“ Why commit technological suicide by restricting the flow of talent into the United States?”
The Trends in International Mathematics and Science Study (TIMSS) test, which compares rich, industrialized countries with less-developed countries, usually puts the U.S. at slightly above the international average.
Still, the U.S. scores behind Hong Kong, Singapore, Taiwan, Japan and South Korea. And the National Assessment of Educational Progress (NAEP) — considered a sort of national report card — shows that a third of American eighth-graders are proficient or better in math and reading.
So colleges and universities have to bring graduates up to a certain level before they can start educating them further, Kaku says. "We take raw people from high school and we waste the first year with remedial training. We can't rely on that forever."
According to Kaku, having immigrants with training and work experience provides a shortcut to innovation, according to Kaku--and the numbers back him up. A report out last week from the New American Economy finds that foreign-born residents contributed $232.9 billion to Los Angeles County's gross domestic product in 2014. It found that immigrants made up 51.5 percent of Los Angeles County's entrepreneurs and generated $7.2 billion in business income.
Related: Protecting Your Internet Presence in the Age of Trump
Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti certainly sees the financial value of immigrants.
"People from all over the world are a driving force in an economic resurgence that has seen us create 146,000 new jobs and register 170,000 businesses over the last three years," Garcetti said last week at a press conference. "L.A. became one of the world's great cities by embracing immigration and diversity."
A report last year on immigration from the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering and Medicine found that while 16 percent of the U.S. workforce is foreign born, immigrants account for nearly a quarter of physicians and dentists and close to 29 percent of scientists, 19.5 percent of engineers and 23.5 percent of computer specialists.
Immigrants contributed $2 trillion to the economy last year, the report concludes.
The excitement and expectations surrounding Velaikkaran, the upcoming film from Sivakarthikeyan-Mohan Raja team are increasing with each passing day.
After the lyrical videos and the character teaser, the makers of Velaikkaran have now come up with a set making video of this much awaited movie.
Velaikkaran team released this new video of the movie on December 10, 2017 and it has gained the attention of the audiences. The 7 minutes 3 seconds long video has the production designer M Muthuraj, director Mohan Raj and cinematographer Ramji speaking about the making of the set that the team had erected to showcase a slum in the movie.
Take a look at the video here..
Velaikkaran has been produced under the banner 24 AM Studios. The movie is gearing up to hit the theatres on December 22, 2017.
Want to avoid the flu while flying? Try a window seat
hello
NEW YORK -- Worried about catching a cold or the flu on an airplane? Get a window seat, and don't leave it until the flight is over.
That's what some experts have been saying for years, and it's perhaps the best advice coming out of a new attempt to determine the risks of catching germs on an airplane.
It turns out there's been little research on the risks of catching a cold or flu during air travel. Some experts believed that sitting in a window seat would keep a passenger away from infectious people who may be on the aisle or moving around.
The new study, published Monday, came to the same conclusion.
For somebody who doesn't want to get sick, "get in that window seat and don't move," the study's lead researcher, Vicki Stover Hertzberg of Emory University in Atlanta.
The study was ambitious: Squads of researchers jetted around the globe to test cabin surfaces and air for viruses and to observe how people came into contact with each other.
But it also had shortcomings. In a total of 10 flights, they observed only one person coughing. And though the experiment was done during a flu season five years ago, they didn't find even one of 18 cold and flu viruses they tested for.
It's possible that the researchers were unlucky, in that they were on planes that happened to not have sick people on them, Hertzberg said.
The new study was initiated and funded by Boeing Co. The Chicago-based jet manufacturer also recruited one of the researchers, Georgia Tech's Howard Weiss, and had input in the writing of the results. "But there was no particular pressure to change stuff or orient it one way or the other," Hertzberg said.
The article was published electronically by a peer-reviewed scientific journal , the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
The researchers did some mathematical modeling and computer simulations to determine how likely people were to come close to a hypothetical infectious passenger sitting in an aisle seat on the 14th row of a single-aisle airplane. They concluded that on average, only one person on a flight of about 150 passengers would be infected.
Researchers who were not involved said it would be difficult to use the relatively small study to make any general conclusions about the risks of an airline passenger getting a cold or flu, let alone other diseases like measles or tuberculosis.
But it's a novel study about a subject that hasn't been well researched, they said. Studies have looked at how respiratory viruses spread in labs and in homes, but "this is the first time I've seen it done for airplanes," said Seema Lakdawala, a University of Pittsburgh biologist who studies how flu spreads.
She and others not involved in the research were intrigued by the study's findings about how people moved about the cabin and came in contact with each other.
It found:
-About 38 percent of passengers never left their seat, 38 percent left once, 13 percent left twice, and 11 percent left more than twice.
-Not surprisingly, a lot of the people getting up had an aisle seat. About 80 percent of people sitting on the aisle moved at least once during their flights, compared with 62 percent in middle seats and 43 percent in window seats.
-The 11 people sitting closest to a person with a cold or flu are at the highest risk. That included two people sitting to their left, the two to their right, and people in the row immediately in front of them and those in the row behind.
A lot of frequent fliers will be interested in the study's results, said Edward Pizzarello, an investor in a Washington-area venture-capital firm who also writes a travel blog .
"It's absolutely a fear I hear from people all the time. They just believe that they're going to get sick from going on an airplane, or they got sick from being on an airplane," he said.
Pizzarello said he's an aisle person, because he doesn't want to feel trapped in the window seat if he needs to get up.
Will he now go for the window?
Maybe, he said, if a sick person sits next to him.
__
The Associated Press Health & Science Department receives support from the Howard Hughes Medical Institute's Department of Science Education. The AP is solely responsible for all content.
ELLSWORTH — OK, so there's a lot — by contemporary sensibilities— of wrong-headed stuff in the Gilbert & Sullivan operetta “The Pirates of Penzance.” The libretto is full of male chauvinism, ageism, body-shaming, not to mention looting and pillaging pirates. But never, before or since, have these out-of-fashion activities — except for pirates, of course, which are curiously very much in fashion — been so hilariously and musically explored.
The Gilbert & Sullivan Society of Maine made this point in fine fashion at its opening night performance last Friday evening at the Grand Auditorium.
First, Clayton W. Smith's orchestra deserves a standing O for its fabulous overture, interlude and accompaniment throughout the performance. With 20-plus members it looked as if — and often sounded as if — Mr. Smith had managed to, um, pirate, half the Bangor Symphony Orchestra for this show.
Despite their numbers, however, they never overwhelmed the blessedly unamplified singers. Special mention to Delight Immonen, the oboist who lived up to her delicious name; Lynette Woods, whose percussion was practically another lead character, and first flutist Adam Smith, who was as pleasing to look at as he was to hear.
While the orchestra pit was full to bursting with musical talent, the stage, by comparison, often seemed a bit unpopulated, with a smallish band of pirates and an even smaller bevy of beauteous daughters for them to abduct.
There is much to be said for quality over quantity, however, and this well-seasoned ensemble, plus a darling couple of University of Maine students as the two lovers, Frederick and Mabel, has quality to spare. The opening number, a pirate drinking song, was as robust and raucous as one could wish for and every pirate made a convincing crew — even the parrot and the ones played by women. A standout here was Michael Smith, who handled several solos with roguish glee.
For her fifth time playing the hapless Governess Ruth, Debra Hangge was as excellent as ever in this role, bringing both stridency and pathos to the desperate old cougar.
Also in fine voice was veteran Pirate King Roland Dube. He and Hangge have such fine diction, their words could have been cut out with sharp scissors.
But when it comes to diction, no one has a greater challenge in this show than the character of the Major General, whose “I Am the Very Model of a Modern Major General” is the patter song of all patter songs. As it happens no one could meet this challenge better than Joe Marshall.
I've said this before but it bears repeating that Joe Marshall was born for this role. With his booming baritone, perfect timing, surprisingly lithesome body language and marvelous facial expressions Marshall not only owns the spotlight, one has a feeling if the electricity went out he'd still be brightly lit by internal combustion.
But back to that darling couple of UMaine students, Kayla M'Lynn Gayton and Zachary Fisher, who are an actual romantic couple off stage. These two brought both believable chemistry to their roles and some gorgeous, spine-tingling vocals — she is a sweet lilting soprano, he is a dreamy lyric tenor. Also, they look age-appropriate in a cast that is largely playing much younger than their actual ages.
Once Mabel appears in the story she fills an important soprano spot in the women's chorus as well. Standouts in that chorus are Emily Homer and Dorothy R.A. Wheatcraft, who deliver a couple of fine solos.
For the scene involving a cowering local constabulary, the age of the cast rather enhances the humor. With most of these bumbling bobbies literally being graybeards their timidity and confusion is both hilarious and for many of us in the audience, familiar. David Porter as their ineffectual Sargent is a scream, as are Mabel and the women's chorus who shrilly urge them on to fight the pirates until their heroic deaths and certain slaughter.
Director Leslie Michaud mines this scene and many others for comic gold.
Linda Grindle did a fine job of cobbling together some appropriate costumes as did Shawna Farley with the props.
Elaine Bard's night cemetery scene with handsome stained glass windows and statuary was neat.
There were a couple of tech glitches on opening night, but these must be forgiven, as tech rehearsal was snowed out.
So, when this most recent snow has presumably cleared, get to the Grand and treat yourself to some very piratical if politically incorrect fun.
“Pirates of Penzance” will be performed again at 7 p.m. Friday, Feb. 17, and at 2 p.m. Saturday and Sunday, Feb. 18-19. To reserve seats, call 667-9500 or go to www.grandonline.org.
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
TODAY'S WORD — GARRULOUS (GARRULOUS: GAR-uh-lus: Tiresomely talkative.)
Average mark 16 words
Time limit 35 minutes
Can you find 24 or more words in GARRULOUS? The list will be published tomorrow.
YESTERDAY'S WORD — RECTIFY refit reify rice rife rift rite certify cire cite city tier tire trey trice ferity fiery fire fret frit yeti
To purchase the Word Game book, visit WordGameBooks.com. Order it now for just $5 while supplies last!
RULES OF THE GAME:
1. Words must be of four or more letters.
2. Words that acquire four letters by the addition of “s,” such as “bats” or “dies,” are not allowed.
3. Additional words made by adding a “d” or an “s” may not be used. For example, if “bake” is used, “baked” or “bakes” are not allowed, but “bake” and “baking“ are admissible.
4. Proper nouns, slang words, or vulgar or sexually explicit words are not allowed.
To contact Word Game creator Kathleen Saxe, write to Word Game, Kathleen Saxe, Andrews McMeel Syndication, 1130 Walnut St., Kansas City, MO 64106.
Police on Monday widened a manhunt for a gunman who shot and killed an elderly man, and then posted a video of the seemingly random Easter Sunday attack on Facebook.
Police in Cleveland, Ohio said they believe the suspect, 37-year-old Steve Stephens, is armed and dangerous, and have alerted authorities in four neighboring states to be on the lookout for him.
Robert Godwin Sr, 74, was shot and killed on Sunday, apparently at random as he walked home after an Easter dinner, police and local media reported.
“We know that Steve is still out there someplace,” said Cleveland police chief Calvin Williams. “We don't know his condition and, of course, right now we don't know his location. We're asking the public to remain vigilant.”
Police issued an arrest warrant for aggravated homicide against Stephens, described as a six-foot one-inch, 244-pound (1.85 m, 110-kilo) black man with a full beard who was last seen in a white Ford Fusion with temporary license plates.
In a video uploaded to Stephens's Facebook page, a man resembling him is seen exiting a vehicle and approaching his victim, who is shown with a gun to his head and then falling to the ground after a shot is fired.
“I killed 13, so I'm working on 14 as we speak,” the suspect says in a second video clip. “I'm just driving around hitting motherfuckers, man. I just snapped man, fuck.”
Police said they have not verified his claim to have committed other murders.
Facebook subsequently took down the videos.
- ‘Mad with his girlfriend' -
“This is a horrific crime and we do not allow this kind of content on Facebook,” the company said in a statement.
“We work hard to keep a safe environment on Facebook, and are in touch with law enforcement in emergencies when there are direct threats to physical safety.”
Stephens's mother told CNN she called him on Sunday after learning about the video and he told her he was shooting people because he was “mad with his girlfriend.”
Police said the woman he referred to was in a safe place.
Cleveland detectives also made contact with Stephens by phone early in the investigation, Williams said.
“They tried to, of course, convince him to turn himself in and, of course, that hasn't happened to date so again, we're asking the public's help in finding this guy. We know he's out there someplace,” he said.
The last “ping” from Stephens's cellphone was from Erie, Pennsylvania, about 100 miles (160 kilometers) east of Cleveland.
Cleveland police have asked the states of Pennsylvania, New York, Indiana and Michigan to be on alert.
- Dozens of searches -
The Federal Bureau of Investigation and the US Marshals Service have joined the hunt.
“This man is dangerous and he could be nearby, he could be far away, anywhere in between,” said Stephen Anthony, the FBI special agent in charge.
“We're going to make this individual's world very, very, very small, so I'm very optimistic,” said Peter Elliot, the marshal on the case. “I think things are going to happen, and I believe things are going to happen pretty quickly.”
But Williams said police had searched dozens of locations overnight “to no avail.”
“If there's somebody who is helping Steve or think you're helping Steve, you're really not. You're going to get yourself in trouble, along with him,” he warned.
Stephens worked for Beech Brook, a behavioral health agency serving children through mental health services, foster care and adoption, at-risk youth and other programs.
In his video, Stephens displayed his Beech Brook badge.
“We are shocked and horrified like everyone else,” Nancy Kortemeyer, a spokeswoman for the facility told CNN. “To think that one of our employees could do this is awful.”
bur-jm-nov/sst
© Agence France-Presse
Share this Story
U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo is greeted by senior North Korean official Kim Yong Chol, director of the United Front Department, which is responsible for North-South Korea affairs (left), and Foreign Minister Ri Su Yong, on his arrival in Pyongyang, North Korea, Wednesday, May 9, 2018. Pompeo met with North Korean leader Kim Jong Il later and secured the release of three American prisoners ahead of a planned summit between Kim and President Donald Trump. Matthew Lee, Pool AP Photo
Ajay Devgn is currently on a signing spree. While all eyes are set towards his upcoming release Baadshaho, the actor has already signed a new film.
Want to know more details about this film? Scroll down to read more...
Ajay Devgn Signs A New Film Filmaker Raj Kumar Gupta of 'No One Killed Jessica' fame has roped in Ajay Devgn for his next film titled Raid. Ajay's Role In The Movie Set in the 1980s, Raid will have Ajay playing an Income Tax Officer based in Uttar Pradesh. More Details While talking about this flick, Gupta was quoted as saying to a leading daily, "Raid is a story that needs to be told on the big screen, and I'm looking forward to working with Ajay on a subject like this." The film will hit the shooting floors in September. Baadshaho Talking about Baadshaho, the makers recently released the trailer of this film which is set against the backdrop of 1975 emergency period. The action thriller also stars Emraan Hashmi, Ileana D'Cruz, Esha Gupta, Vidyut Jammwal and Sanjai Mishra. Golmaal Again Ajay also has Rohit Shetty's Golmaal Again hitting the theatrical screens this Diwali. Ajay Devgn says, love doing STUNTS with Vidhyut Jammval; Watch Video | FilmiBeat Tanaaji- The Unsung Warrior Meanwhile, Ajay Devgn is all set to play the legendary Tanaji Malusare in Om Raut's Tanaji- The Unsung Warrior.
Coming back to Raid, the film will be produced by Bhushan Kumar, Krishan Kumar, Kumar Mangat Pathak and Abhishek Pathak and is slated to release on 20th April 2018.
On the face of it, 2017 has the potential to be a tricky year for investors in emerging market corporate debt.
The pro-growth agenda promised by new US president Donald Trump — based on tax-cutting and infrastructure-spending — raises the prospect of higher US interest rates, threatening to raise yields and lower prices of fixed-income assets.
If the prospect of a “Trump slump” on its own was not enough, the falling yields in emerging market corporate debt in recent years — which have reduced the spread over US Treasuries of dollar-denominated bonds to around 270 basis points from a cyclical high of 520bp a year ago — leave plenty of room for a reversal.
“When people are nervous about rising interest rates we tend to prefer the safety of the sovereign [debt] than the corporate, which by definition will be less liquid and more prone to selling off,” says Stuart Culverhouse, head of research at Exotix Partners, an emerging market-focused investment bank.
“We have seen a rash of [corporate] issuance. Some of the issuers that are less robust can fall over at the first opportunity.”
Jan Dehn, head of research at Ashmore, the emerging markets-focused asset manager, adds: “Emerging market corporates don't offer as attractive an opportunity as they did a year or two ago,” following returns of 9.7 per cent for dollar debt last year, as measured by the JPMorgan CEMBI Broad Diversified index.
Ashmore has cut its exposure to emerging market corporate debt significantly over the past year and a half. The weighting to dollar-denominated corporate debt in the manager's blended debt strategy has fallen from more than 30 per cent to below 10 per cent.
There are, however, some reasons for optimism about the prospects for emerging market corporate paper.
Mr Dehn points out that when it comes to the fallout from rising US inflation and interest rates, the market is already pricing in two or three rate rises this year, so it would take faster tightening than this to have any impact.
More broadly, Mr Dehn is among those who believe the Trump administration will struggle to push through a so-called border adjustment tax, which is imposed on imports, but not exports. If so, that may blow a hole in Mr Trump's tax-raising plans, leaving him with less ammunition to finance a fiscal stimulus, potentially resulting in weaker-than-expected inflation and monetary tightening.
This lower inflation scenario could further help to emerge market debt by undermining support for a stronger dollar. This is because a weaker US currency decreases the liabilities of foreign companies that have borrowed in dollars and potentially makes local currency debt more attractive to foreign buyers.
Victoria Harling, a portfolio manager at Investec Asset Management, argues that if inflation were to rise, emerging market corporate debt would fare better than most other fixed-income assets because it typically has relatively short duration.
There are also expectations that the difference in economic growth between emerging and developed markets — about 2.6 percentage points in emerging markets' favour last year — will widen a fraction this year, helping buoy interest in all emerging market assets.
Mr Dehn expects the greatest opportunities to be in local currency-denominated emerging market corporate debt, an often overlooked category despite comprising $8tn of the $10.7tn in the overall asset class.
Local currency debt yields 8.2 per cent. A modest contraction in yield — combined with a 5 per cent rise in emerging market currencies due to the reversal of the dollar's Trump rally — could push total returns as high as 16 per cent this year, he says.
In contrast, Ms Harling describes local currency corporate debt as a “highly unattractive asset class”, given that while sovereigns can print money to service their debt, companies cannot. The yield gap between the two is insufficient to compensate for this, she argues.
Ms Harling also views high-yield dollar-denominated corporate debt — currently returning 6.3 per cent on average — as expensive compared with investment-grade paper at 4.2 per cent. This has led Investec to cut its exposure to the higher-risk segment.
“Single-B [rated credits] are pretty much priced to perfection. They are not pricing in any chance of a downturn,” she says, referencing the likes of Rusal, the Russian aluminium producer, which sold a five-year bond at a yield of 5.1 per cent in January.
“I have seen this train smash many times, so we simply pass on that and wait for it to reprice. It doesn't seem like it's going to be this year,” Ms Harling adds.
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
Uranus smells like rotten eggs, according to research released this week. But the cold will kill you before the smell. NASA
“I'm so excited, you have no idea,” said Haight, a carpenter whose primary vehicle was a work truck. “I think I'll visit family in Pennsylvania,” he said.
Haight picked up the Jeep on May 21 at Rockie Williams' Premier Dodge Chrysler Jeep Ram in Mt. Juliet.
Haight won the prize, valued at $60,328, including taxes paid by the lottery, when he entered eligible tickets into the lottery's online “VIP Players Suite.” Once a ticket is entered, VIP suite members earn VIP rewards points they can use to enter drawings for merchandise and/or travel and experience packages. The lottery awarded a Stingray 225CR boat to a Cunningham player in February and a 2017 Ford Mustang EcoBoost premium convertible to a Gallatin winner last summer as part of the program.
“Offering a variety of prizes is just another way we can attract players, who in turn help support the programs funded by Tennessee Lottery dollars,” said Rebecca Hargrove, president and CEO, who was on hand to present the keys to Haight.
Learn more and register to become a member at tnvipsuite.com.
The Tennessee Education Lottery Corp. operates entirely from the revenue it generates through the sale of its products. Since Jan. 20, 2004, the lottery has raised more than $4.5 billion to fund designated education programs, including after-school programs, college grants and scholarships and the Governor's Drive to 55 initiatives.
In addition to the educational beneficiaries, players won more than $12.4 billion in prizes and lottery retailers have earned more than $1.1 billion in retailer commissions. For more information, visit tnlottery.com.
Delta Air Lines has increased the maximum possible payout to passengers to nearly $10,000 if they voluntarily give up a seat on an overbooked flight, the company told AFP Monday.
The boost is part of the airline industry's response to the global outrage sparked by last week's violent removal of a customer from a United Airlines Chicago flight after he resisted being “bumped” by the carrier.
Delta customer service employees will be permitted to offer up to $2,000 in these cases, up from the prior cap of $800.
Supervisors will be able to grant up to $9,950, up from the prior limit of $1,350.
The increases came after United came under fire after it called security officers to forcibly remove passenger David Dao from an overbooked flight in order to seat crew members for another flight.
Video of the episode went viral, sparking calls for greater scrutiny of airlines from politicians.
United, which is undertaking an audit of its practices, already amended some policies, saying it will require employees to be booked at least 60 minutes prior to departure. United evicted Dao and three other passengers from the flight to make room for employees.
The incident shined a new light on the practice of overbooking, which airlines increasingly rely upon to avoid losing money on seats left when some passengers do not show up for scheduled flights.
Delta has described overbooking as a necessary industry practice, in part because of weather uncertainty, and said the process can be managed effectively.
lo-jmb/hs
© Agence France-Presse
Share this Story
Feder: NBC 5 gets new anchor; Sun-Times critic under fire
hello
WMAQ-Channel 5 has hired Patrick Fazio, morning news anchor at NBC affiliate KSHB in Kansas City since 2013. He'll join NBC 5 as an anchor and reporter, starting July 31. His specific anchor assignment has not been set. Also, Hedy Weiss, longtime theater and dance critic for the Sun-Times, is under fire for injecting what was labeled "shocking and irresponsible" rhetoric in her reviews. For this and more, see robertfeder.com.
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Chinese fantasy role playing game has 50m active players
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
You would think a six-story rubber ducky would make playtime lots of fun for everyone. Unfortunately, not everyone is celebrating a giant rubber duck installation that is set to visit...
Recently I was contacted by a founder who wanted me to invest in her startup. When she told me the status of her company and the valuation she was seeking, I told her it wasn't worth investigating. She was looking for a $10 million valuation on a pre-revenue company.
That's absurd. The biggest Unicorn around, Uber, raised money at a $4M valuation in its seed round.
The exchange got me thinking. I should write a column that offers a rough guide to the relationship between valuation and traction for early stage companies.
Try This Startup Valuation Method
This effort is very crude. It is only based on deals I have seriously considered and it doesn't control for the variation in industry, size of market, capital requirements, team experience and so on. But here goes:
In 2016 I looked at 120 companies on which I had data on both the founders' expected valuations and their annual revenues at the time I made my investment decision. (As an aside, I received 340 pitch decks in 2016 and only thought that 120 companies fit my investment criteria enough to bother to ask for these two pieces of data.)
The valuations of the companies ranged from $750,000 to $17.5 million. Annual revenues ranged from zero to $2 million. The median company had $24,000 in annual revenue, and a valuation or valuation cap of $3.5 million. The most interesting part of this data dive comes from looking at the relationship between the companies' revenue traction and their valuations. In the figure below I have plotted the valuation or valuation cap of the company on the vertical axis and the annual level of sales on the horizontal axis.
The median valuation or valuation cap for a pre-revenue company that I took seriously in the past year was $1.8 million. For companies that had about $15,000 per month in revenue, that valuation was around $2 million. When the companies had hit about $30,000 per month in revenue, the valuation was about $2.5 million. The $3 million valuation is hit when the companies were a little over $50,000 per month revenue. A $4 million valuation occurs at around $80,000 a month in revenue. At a little over $100,000 per month in revenue, the valuations hit $5 million, and they reach $6 million at $125,000 per month in revenue.
There are a lot of caveats in using this information. First, I am a single investor and I am more valuation conscious than many angels. Second, these numbers are medians. Founders with more experience, those in hot industries, and those with a lot of investor interest command higher valuations than others. But even if you consider those caveats, you can see that proposing a valuation or valuation cap of $10M on a pre-revenue company isn't going to get this investor to consider investing.
Lion is a 2016 Australian-American-British drama film directed by Garth Davis and written by Luke Davies, based on a non-fiction story about a boy who was lost from his family at age five. After being adopted by an Australian family, later in life, the boy decides to search for his long-lost family using Google Earth. The film stars Dev Patel, Rooney Mara, David Wenham, and Nicole Kidman.
All film screenings that are
a part of the Cross-Cultural F
ilm S
Facebook on Monday said video of the shooting death of a 74-year-old Cleveland man was online for nearly two hours before it was reported by users and taken down a short time later.
The death of Robert Godwin on Sunday unfolded in a series of videos that were broadcast and posted by shooting suspect Steve Stephens starting at 11:09 a.m. PT, according to Facebook. But because the social network relies on a user to flag offensive content for review and possible removal, it took more than two hours in total to take the footage down.
One day after the shooting death of a 74-year-old Cleveland man was broadcast live on Facebook, an executive for the social network on Monday said "we know we need to do better" in taking similar content down.
Facebook's vice president of global operations, Justin Osofsky, said in a blog post that "we know we need to do better" and promised a review of the company's procedures. Included was a timeline that showed how Facebook's response unfolded:
11:09 a.m. PT — First video of intent to kill was uploaded and not reported to Facebook. 11:11 a.m. — Second video of shooting is uploaded. 11:22 a.m. — Suspect confesses to killing while using Facebook Live, which is live for 5 minutes. 11:27 a.m. — Live video ends and is first reported shortly after. 12:59 a.m. — Video of shooting is first reported. 1:22 p.m. — Suspect's account is disabled; all videos no longer visible to public.
In the video showing the shooting of Godwin, a man resembling Stephens exits his car, saying, "I found somebody I'm about to kill. I'm about to kill this guy — this older dude."
The man who appears to be Stephens then asks Godwin, "Can you do me a favor?" and then asks him to say a person's name. (BuzzFeed News has chosen not to include the name.)
Apparently confused, Godwin repeats the name, and then the shooter says, "She's the reason, why, uh, this is about to happen to you."
"I don't know anybody by that name," Godwin says just before he is shot. He is then shown lying on the ground with a long streak of blood beside his body.
In his post on Monday, Osofsky said that while Facebook disabled Stephens' account within 23 minutes of receiving the first report about the homicide video, and two hours after receiving a report of any kind, "we know we need to do better."
Facebook's timeline also raises questions around the reporting and account review process that relies on users, not the company, to flag and respond to content.
For one, based on the schedule, Facebook claims that it received reports about a video soon after it went live at 11:27 a.m., but the graphic footage of the shooting was not reported until it had been live for more than 1 hour, 45 minutes. It also appears as if no one at Facebook discovered the shooting video while they were in the process of reviewing the initial reports from users about the live confession.
Facebook did not immediately respond to inquiries about the gap between when it appears the confession was reported and the shooting video was discovered and taken down.
"It was a horrific crime — one that has no place on Facebook, and goes against our policies and everything we stand for," Osofsky wrote. "As a result of this terrible series of events, we are reviewing our reporting flows to be sure people can report videos and other material that violates our standards as easily and quickly as possible."
Meanwhile, the nationwide manhunt for Stephens, who police said should be considered armed and dangerous, continued Monday as authorities announced a $50,000 reward to anyone who provides information leading to his arrest.
Blog: IIoT expands the maintenance maturity model
Analytics, remote monitoring enabled by IIoT enable new, more effective maintenance strategies that move users from reactive or condition-based to predictive and prescriptive maintenance
With the emergence of Industrial IoT (IIoT), collecting data from equipment is moving from paper-based, manual inspections to automated systems. This improves both data quality and quantity. IIoT-enabled remote asset monitoring also dramatically expands the number and variety of parameters that can be monitored cost effectively. Combined with today's more advanced analytics, these data enable industrial organizations to implement new, more effective maintenance strategies to progress further along on the maturity continuum from reactive, to preventive, too condition-based to predictive, and – ultimately – to prescriptive maintenance. With higher maintenance maturity, comes broader business benefits that go beyond reducing…
FILE - In this May 25, 2018 file photo, Harvey Weinstein listens during a court proceeding in New York. Weinstein won't testify before the New York grand jury that's weighing whether to indict him on rape and other sex charges. A statement issued through a spokesman Wednesday, May 30, says Weinstein's lawyers decided there wasn't enough time to prepare him to testify. They say he learned the specific charges and the accusers' identities only after turning himself on Friday, with a deadline set for Wednesday afternoon to testify or not. New York Post via AP, Pool Steven Hirsch
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Bollywood actor Fardeen Khan and his wife Natasha became proud parents for the second time on 11th August. The couple named their newborn son Azarius.
Recently, Fardeen took to his Twitter page to share the first picture of his tiny tot. Have a look at it here...
President Donald Trump's handling of the trade relationship with China poses a threat both to the U.S. and to the world economy — but even his harshest critics agree with him on one thing. China's bid to dominate the high-tech industries of the future often bends or breaks the rules of liberal international commerce, and needs to be checked.
What's important, and what this administration finds so difficult, is to be smart about it.
Through its “Made in China 2025” blueprint and assorted plans and directives, China's government aims to move the country up the manufacturing value chain and dominate advanced technologies such as robotics, artificial intelligence, semiconductors and biomedicine. In this effort, China has advantages — an enormous (and relatively closed) domestic market, a capacious budget for supporting preferred industries, and a technocratic government facing no organized domestic opposition.
To be clear, China isn't wrong to harbor such ambitions. And, so far as the basic economics goes, its success needn't disadvantage the U.S. or any other country. The U.S. didn't get rich in the last century at Europe's expense: Its innovations raised living standards everywhere. That's what trade and commerce do. In a well-functioning global system, successful economies prosper together.
In many ways, this is still happening. Take just one instance of China's emerging technological prowess: Its success as a manufacturer of solar panels has lowered the cost of clean energy worldwide.
But the U.S. and its partners have two pressing and legitimate concerns. First, China is seeking technological superiority in fields — artificial intelligence, robotics, autonomous vehicles, augmented reality — that will be crucial for military, not just civil, innovation. The U.S. and its allies need to maintain their edge on the battlefield.
Second, China isn't playing by the rules. It wants access to other countries' markets and technologies but is slow to grant access to its own. And its technological push has often relied on questionable or outright illegal methods — from rampant cyber-theft of commercial and military secrets, to subtler violations of the spirit if not always the letter of the country's obligations as a member of the World Trade Organization.
The 200-page report produced by the U.S. Trade Representative's office as part of its investigation of Chinese intellectual-property theft is a litany of such complaints. Companies report (mostly anonymously, for fear of retaliation) various forms of pressure to make them share technology with their Chinese joint-venture partners. Permits are withheld and approvals delayed. Demands are made through private channels, with no paper trail to prove a breach of China's WTO commitments. Foreign companies that give way may find themselves competed out of the market once their former partners have mastered the technology for themselves.
China also uses internal and semi-official documents to set demanding self-sufficiency targets — which do not comport well with WTO undertakings. In sectors such as telecommunications and aviation, companies are directed to source 70 percent of their core components domestically by 2025. The government supports its tech companies with tax rebates, cheap financing and direct capital injections, often without reporting the money as subsidies, as generally required by the WTO. Such aid can make up more than 10 percent of operating revenue at some robot and machine-tool makers.
Opaque government funds have been used to underwrite venture-capital investments in and mergers with companies dealing in sensitive technology. In the case of German machine-maker Aixtron, one state-backed Chinese company abruptly withdrew a critical order, sending Aixtron's share price plummeting; another state-backed Chinese firm swooped in with a takeover bid.
Where foreign technology isn't required or desired, China has closed key sectors to outside competition. Foreign cloud-service providers have to share technology with and market their services through Chinese partners. Firms such as Google and Facebook remain banned on the mainland, and foreign technology companies can't bid for government IT contracts.
What's to be done?
China isn't the first country to bend or break the rules of liberal trade — but the sheer scale of its economy makes the consequences for other countries harder to overlook. A measured response is justified. Tariffs, though, are the wrong instrument. They punish American consumers, workers and businesses as much as they hurt China. And they're a threat to global growth, especially if they provoke a cycle of action and retaliation. The Trump administration should tailor its responses more carefully.
It should address security concerns by expanding the remit and resources of the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States, so that the panel screens a broader range of deals involving Chinese investors. (Invoking emergency powers to ban Chinese investment in sensitive sectors seems premature.) The U.S. needs to spend more on commercial and government cyber-defenses, and on coordinating them effectively.
It should also join with partners in urging China to pursue its legitimate technological ambitions under the same rules as everyone else. The U.S. needs to enlist allies in Europe, Japan, Canada, South Korea and elsewhere — many of which it has foolishly alienated with trade threats and steel tariffs — to demand a common set of concrete reforms that would hold China to its WTO commitments. If further leverage is required, the U.S. and its partners could threaten to enforce reciprocal curbs on Chinese businesses until barriers are lifted on the mainland.
At the same time, they should acknowledge that WTO rules, written before many of these technologies were even envisioned, aren't adequate for regulating, say, digital trade. Rather than expressing disgust with the WTO, Trump should want America to lead it, as it has before — by rewriting rules that need to be updated and putting more teeth into the enforcement mechanisms.
If that can't be done, there are other multilateral ways to move forward. U.S. leadership of the Trans-Pacific Partnership was such a way — a means of both raising international standards and persuading China to change its policies. Trump foolishly stepped away from that initiative, but it isn't too late to go back.
None of these relieves the U.S. of the need to pursue its own ambitions for technological superiority — while following the rules. To support innovation, it ought to invest more, and more effectively, in education and R&D. It should make it easier for high-skilled immigrants to enter the country. And there's no reason the administration shouldn't set its own “moonshot” targets — backing high-tech projects that bring together the combined resources of the government, business and academia.
Competition with China need not be a problem. Approached in the right spirit, it's an enticing opportunity. If both sides follow the rules, both will gain.
--Editors: Nisid Hajari, Clive Crook.
To contact the senior editor responsible for Bloomberg View's editorials: David Shipley at davidshipley@bloomberg.net .
What city doesn't want a sign as iconic as the Hollywood sign.
Fort Worth has been looking for a way to standout when driving in. Now the city will have a huge welcome sign along highway 121. According to NBC DFW “[It's] a public art project that also functions as a ‘welcome to Fort Worth' gateway monument,” explained Fort Worth public art manager Anne Allen. There will be a steel letter that spell out ‘Fort Worth,' and those will line up at a certain point when you are driving by.” The monument was planned for Interstate 30, but a few roadblocks caused the construction to be moved to Highway 121 between Beach and Maxine streets.
VANCOUVER, BC--(Marketwired - April 18, 2017) - Pure Multi-Family REIT LP ("Pure Multi-Family") (TSX VENTURE: RUF.U) (TSX VENTURE: RUF.UN) (TSX VENTURE: RUF.DB.U) ( OTCQX : PMULF) announced today that the Board of Directors of Pure Multi- Family REIT (GP) Inc., the governing general partner of Pure Multi-Family, has approved a cash distribution of US$0.03125 per unit for the month of April, 2017 (equivalent to US$0.375 per unit on an annualized basis). The distribution will be paid on May 15, 2017 to unitholders of record at the close of business on April 28, 2017.
The policy of Pure Multi-Family is to pay cash distributions on or about the 15th day of each month to the unitholders of record on the last business day of the preceding month.
Pure Multi-Family currently has 66,411,606 units issued and outstanding.
About Pure Multi-Family REIT LP
Pure Multi-Family is a Canadian based, publically traded vehicle which offers investors exclusive exposure to attractive, institutional quality U.S. multi-family real estate assets.
Additional information about Pure Multi-Family is available at www.puremultifamily.com or www.sedar.com.
NEITHER TSX VENTURE EXCHANGE NOR ITS REGULATION SERVICES PROVIDER (AS THAT TERM IS DEFINED IN POLICIES OF THE TSX VENTURE EXCHANGE) ACCEPTS RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE ADEQUACY OR ACCURACY OF THIS RELEASE.
MEDFORD, N.J. (AP) — A New Jersey man who spent decades preparing his home for doomsday is donating all of his stored food to families affected by Hurricane Maria in Puerto Rico.
Joseph Badame lost his wife and was in the process of losing his Medford home when the 74-year-old met a couple raising money for their family affected by the storm.
Badame made a $100 donation, and then led the couple to the room where he stored all of his food and told them to take it all.
“I just can't put into words just how much food there was,” Victoria Martinez-Barber, 30, told the Washington Post . “It was enough to feed a town.”
Badame had gathered 80 barrels of food that each could sustain 84 people for four months. He said the food, which included dried beans, rice, flour, sugar, pancake mixes and more, would have been thrown away otherwise.
“I've lost everything. My wife, my house, everything,” he told NJ.com. “The last thing I was going to lose is the food.”
Badame started preparing for the worst with his wife Phyliss in the 1970s. The two equipped their basement with multiple kitchens and bathrooms, a bomb shelter and survival books. He estimated they spent close to a million dollars on the project.
Their prepping was put on hold after Phyliss suffered a massive stroke in 2005 that left her paralyzed.
Badame quit his job, took out a half-million dollar loan on his house and spent his time caring for his wife. By the time his wife died in 2013, he was broke.
The bank foreclosed on his property, and it was at the estate sale last month where Badame met Martinez-Barber and her husband, Anthony Barber.
Badame said meeting the two gave him a new purpose in life.
“Phyliss and I prepared all this for one group of people and it turns out it's going to help another group of people,” he said. “That's wonderful.”
With the epic failures of Android lines such as the Galaxy, it seemed like the path was clear for the iPhone to re-establish its dominance over the smartphone industry. But when Google announced it was releasing its Pixel smartphone, consumers deci...
Quick thinking of a Glenn Heights police officer, a local restaurant was saved from a burning vehicle stuck in the drive-thru.
Around 9pm Saturday night, emergency response crews were dispatched to the Jack in the Box located on Beckley Road in Glenn Heights.
A vehicle fire quickly engulfed a truck in the drive-thru lane, next to the business.
Officer Chris Womack quickly positioned his patrol car behind the burning truck and pushed it away from the building, into the parking lot. No injuries were reported, and the restaurant does not appear to have any damage.
MEMBER representing Andoni Constituency in the Rivers State House of Assembly, Rt Hon Ikuinyi Owaji Ibani has been returned as the Speaker. Ibani had resigned his speakership after the Court of Appeal annulled his election and was re-elected in the December 10, legislative rerun elections. His election came as Rt Hon Adams Dabotorudima also resigned […]
The post Ibani returns as Rivers Speaker appeared first on Nigerian Pilot: Nigerian Newspaper.
There are so many different avenues you can take to market your business, from social media to email to paid advertising. You can also use any combination of these channels. So it's a good idea to learn about all the different options so you can shape your own strategy. Here are some insights from members of the online small business community about their favorite marketing avenues.
Advertisement
Reward Your Twitter Followers
If you want more people to follow your business on social media, you have to give them a reason to do so. One tactic is to reward followers through giveaways, exclusive discounts and similar incentives. You can learn more about this strategy in a recent Social Media HQ posts by Alex Williams.
Turn Facebook Live Audiences into Potential Customers
Livestreaming has turned into a very realistic way for businesses to connect with customers and even increase sales. Facebook Live can be a particularly powerful tool. Read about how you can use Facebook Live to gain customers in a recent WittySparks post by Fabiha Siddiqui. Then see what BizSugar members have to say about the post here.
Follow These Email Workflow Best Practices to Make More Sales
Email continues to be an effective method for sales professionals. But closing more sales can be a difficult undertaking. In a recent Process Street post, Josh Brown offers some best practices and examples of email workflows to help you turn leads into actual sales.
Use These Advanced Google Ads Targeting Techniques
If you're going to use paid search ads, targeting the right customers is key. The generic targeting techniques won't do anything to set your business apart from the competition. But this Search Engine Journal post by Ben Wood includes some advanced targeting techniques you can use to stand out.
Make the Most of LinkedIn's Free Website Demographics
LinkedIn can be a great platform for communicating with potential clients and business partners, especially for B2B companies. You can also use it to gain insights about the professionals who might be interacting with your website, as AJ Wilcox details in a recent Marketing Land post.
Shoot More Videos for Your Business
Your business's video marketing strategy doesn't have to only consist of professionally shot footage. You can create more content that is authentic and speaks to your audience, just as Jane Sheeba shares in a recent post on her blog. Members of the BizSugar community also comment on the post here.
Grow an Authentic Social Media Presence by Using Real Photos
Some brands and influencers might try to push the limits of authenticity to get a photo that seems especially unique or impressive. But these shortcuts often lead to followings that aren't real or sustainable. Chad Stewart elaborates in a recent Biz Epic post.
Capture More Leads from Your Blog
Your blog can be a great asset if you're trying to increase sales for your business. So don't just use it as a way to share information. Employ some potent lead capturing tactics like the ones featured in a recent Basic Blog Tips post by Mitt Ray.
Curate Content Like a Pro
A big part of social media marketing is curating the type of content you want to appear on your channels. But this is more complicated than simply picking out the content you like. This Content Marketing Institute post by Heidi Cohen includes some tips for curating content like a pro.
Improve Your Communication Technique
Overall, using social media and content to market your business comes down to communicating with customers effectively. To improve your communication technique, check out tips from Chris Farmer of Corporate Coach Group. Then see what the BizSugar community is saying here.
If you'd like to suggest your favorite small business content to be considered for an upcoming community roundup, please send your news tips to: [email protected]
Seahawks win 48-17 in Chargers' debut game at StubHub Center
hello
Seattle Seahawks defensive end David Bass reacts after a sack during the first half of an NFL preseason football game against the Los Angeles Chargers, Sunday, Aug. 13, 2017, in Carson, Calif. Associated Press
Los Angeles Chargers quarterback Kellen Clemens is hit by Seattle Seahawks defensive tackle Greg Millhouse as he throws a pass during the first half of an NFL preseason football game Sunday, Aug. 13, 2017, in Carson, Calif. Associated Press
Seattle Seahawks wide receiver Kasen Williams (18) makes a catch over Los Angeles Chargers cornerback Michael Davis (43) during the first half of an NFL preseason football game Sunday, Aug. 13, 2017, in Carson, Calif. Associated Press
Los Angeles Chargers wide receiver Travis Benjamin, left, makes a catch on his way to scoring a touchdown during the first half of an NFL preseason football game against the Seattle Seahawks, Sunday, Aug. 13, 2017, in Carson, Calif. Associated Press
Seattle Seahawks quarterback Russell Wilson (3) throws a pass during the first half of an NFL preseason football game against the Los Angeles Chargers, Sunday, Aug. 13, 2017, in Carson, Calif. Associated Press
Los Angeles Chargers tight end Antonio Gates (85) scores a touchdown as Seattle Seahawks defensive back Shaquill Griffin (26) defends during the first half of an NFL football game Sunday, Aug. 13, 2017, in Carson, Calif. Associated Press
Players for the Seattle Seahawks and the Los Angeles Chargers walk on the field before a preseason NFL football game at the StubHub Center, Sunday, Aug. 13, 2017, in Carson, Calif. Associated Press
The Los Angeles Chargers take the field at StubHub Center before a preseason NFL football game against the Seattle Seahawks, Sunday, Aug. 13, 2017, in Carson, Calif. Associated Press
Los Angeles Chargers tight end Antonio Gates (85) hauls in a touchdown pass as Seattle Seahawks defensive back Shaquill Griffin (26) defends during the first half of an NFL football game Sunday, Aug. 13, 2017, in Carson, Calif. Associated Press
CARSON, Calif. -- Philip Rivers' sharp throw found Antonio Gates in the middle of the end zone, and StubHub Center shook with cheers from fans who were thrilled to see this familiar teamwork in a brand-new setting.
Although the rest of this preseason opener belonged to the Seattle Seahawks, at least the Los Angeles Chargers opened their new home with a classic San Diego connection.
Rivers threw a 5-yard scoring pass to Gates on the opening drive of the Chargers' first preseason game since relocation, but the Seahawks' backups otherwise dominated a 48-17 victory Sunday night.
The Chargers had 21,054 fans in their tidy new home for the first game of a three-year residency at 27,000-seat StubHub Center. The team moved 111 miles north into a stadium built for soccer, yet providing an undeniably intimate NFL experience for fans.
"The atmosphere was great," Gates said. "I really wasn't expecting a full house. I assumed that Seattle would bring their fans, and we would have some Los Angeles fans that would be there to support us. I was more anxious to see what we were about as a team."
Rivers and his first-team offense were excellent, marching 75 yards in 13 plays capped by Gates' TD catch. Although many things are changing for the Chargers this season in LA, they've still got Rivers and Gates going into their 14th year as teammates.
"You're talking about countless hours and hard work and practicing with anticipation of certain looks," Gates said. "The balance we had that first drive, it was great to get off to the right start."
The rest of the night was more impressive for Seattle. The Chargers' revamped defense clearly has work to do under new coordinator Gus Bradley after giving up 459 yards to the Seahawks, whose reserves mostly got off to a stellar start.
"Really good first night for us in a lot of ways," Seattle coach Pete Carroll said. "It started off with the defense not getting off the field the way we like to see them do. After that, I think we played pretty good football, save one play or so."
Russell Wilson led the Seahawks to a field goal in his only drive with Seattle's first-team offense. The rest of Seattle's 34-point first half was a showcase for its backup defense, which forced three turnovers, and a solid second-team offense led by Trevone Boykin, who passed for 189 yards.
"He did beautifully," Carroll said. "Threw the ball really well. Moved well, made some plays with his feet. Just was in really good command of what was going on."
Terence Garvin returned a tipped interception 37 yards for a Seattle TD, and Chris Carson cashed in a 1-yard TD run after LA's Kellen Clemens fumbled a handoff with Andre Williams.
Clemens threw a 74-yard TD strike to speedy Travis Benjamin, but Rivers' backup also had two interceptions on deflected passes.
"We turned the ball over and put our defense in poor positions early," Anthony Lynn said after his first game as the Chargers' new coach. "I thought we started well. I didn't like it when the (second-stringers) came in. We stopped playing Charger football."
COZY CONFINES: StubHub Center appears to fulfill the Chargers' promise to provide a unique place to watch football. The smallest stadium in the NFL has exceptional sight lines and remarkable closeness to the field - and the Chargers Cannon is really loud when the home team scores.
"From a player's perspective, you want to have that home-field advantage type of feel," said LaDainian Tomlinson, the Chargers Hall of Famer and a special assistant to owner Dean Spanos. "The kind of Seattle feeling that they have, the 12th Man, trying to feel something similar for this place, I think it would be a success for everyone if that could happen."
BENNETT SITS: Defensive lineman Michael Bennett remained seated on the Seahawks' bench with a towel on his head during the national anthem. The Pro Bowler said he plans to sit all season. "I just wanted to be able to use my platform to be able to continue to speak over injustice," he said.
INJURIES
Chargers: Linebacker Denzel Perryman left the field on a cart after Los Angeles' first defensive series with a left ankle injury. The Chargers were crushed by injuries in each of the past two seasons, and Perryman is expected to call the plays as their starting middle linebacker this fall. He returned to the sideline in the second half on crutches with his foot in a walking boot. "I'm not sure how bad it is right now," Lynn said.
Seahawks: Safety Jordan Simone sprained his left knee on a kickoff return. Receiver Paul Richardson sprained his shoulder.
__
More AP NFL: www.pro32.ap.org and www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
Occasional announcements sent by Streaming Media, or on behalf of our advertising partners, on what we feel are important offers, developments, publications, and events in the streaming/online video industry.
Read all about it - You can't afford to be without this twice-weekly newsletter - sign up today to get your breaking streaming and digital media news!
TDG Defines the Four Types of Subscription Video Streamers
All adult SVOD users can be broken into four mutually exclusive groups, research says, and surprisingly few of them are cord-cutters.
Page 1
Examining the universe of subscription video-on-demand (SVOD) streamers, TDG Research says customers fall into one of four mutually exclusive groups. The largest group (34 percent) see subscription services as a supplement to their pay TV accounts. For them, SVOD isn't a pay TV replacement, but a complementary offering.
Next up are people who don't watch all that much video on any platform (33 percent), yet still consider SVOD services as their primary entertainment source. TDG refers to this group as "video luddites."
After that come highly tuned in multiplatform viewers (23 percent) who watch lots of programs on lots of devices. While they tend to be younger and fans of Apple, they aren't opposed to pay TV. They like any service that brings them video.
The smallest group are pay TV haters (10 percent). This group has a dislike for traditional pay TV subscriptions and a fondness for SVODs. They stream most content to a TV set.
In studying the market, TDG learned that roughly two-thirds of adult broadband users in the U.S. watch SVOD content on a television. SVOD viewers are younger than adult broadband users overall and are more tech-savvy.
This breakdown comes from TDG's report A Format Segmentation of U.S. SVOD Users, available for purchase.
Page 1
Subscribe to read: Financial Times
Nato a ‘bedrock' for the Trump administration, US defence chief insists
'); StatBanner('btw', bl); } else { show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); } } } function mailru_ads(data, el) { if(data && data.length > 0) { var ban_location = $(el).attr("ntv-loc"); var bl = parseInt(ban_location); if(bl == 3 && typeof b240_callback !== 'undefined') { try { window[b240_callback](); } catch(e) {} } StatBanner('all', bl); } } if(_adsPreview == 1) { $(".mrg-tag").each(function(idx, value) { var el = $(this); var bl = parseInt(el.attr("ntv-loc")); //console.log("bl="+bl); var wrapperElement = this.parentNode; try{ wrapperElement.removeChild(this); } catch(e){} show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); }); } else { (MRGtag = window.MRGtag || []).push({ onNoAds:function(resp) { mailru_noAds(resp); }, onAdsLoaded: function(data, el){ mailru_ads(data, el); }, iframeMode: false }); } function StatBanner(type, place) { if (type == 'all') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_showed" }); } if (type == 'noAds') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_mailru_error" }); } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_top" }); try { reachGoal('banner_error_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_ntv_showed" }); } if (type == 'btw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_showed" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_showed'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'nobtw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_error" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_error'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4_ntv" }); } } $(function() { var o = document.createElement('vid' + 'eo'); if(isFInst && (!o || !o.canPlayType || !o.canPlayType('video/mp4; codecs="avc1.640029, mp4a.40.2"'))) { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "html5_media_support" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('html5_media_support'); } catch (e) {} } }); // -->
Dana Oland is a former professional dancer and member of Actors Equity who writes about performing and visual arts for the Idaho Statesman. She also writes about food, wine, pets, jazz and other aspects of the good life in Boise.
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
With an unmatched number of scoops, Brexit has become our most read and commented-on topic since the referendum. Follow key Brexit developments from differing regional perspectives along with expert trusted analysis.
TORONTO — A number of laws passed by Ontario's previous Liberal government have been put on hold by the newly elected Progressive Conservative regime, including measures to tighten rules around vaping and to cap resale values for sports and concert tickets.
A spokesman for the Progressive Conservatives said Wednesday the new government, which was sworn on Friday, wants more time to consult and examine the laws before they come into effect.
Simon Jefferies said the government will delay the implementation of new rules around vaping, which would have regulated the activity in much the same way as smoking.
"The government will work with the public, experts, and businesses to re-examine the evidence related to vaping as a smoking cessation tool to ensure that any changes are in the best interests of everyone and protect Ontarians' health and safety," he said in a statement.
Halting the new regulations will not change the current provisions in the Smoke Free Ontario Act and the Electronic Cigarettes Act, he said.
Maria Papaioannoy-Duic, spokeswoman for the Vapor Advocates of Ontario, lauded Premier Doug Ford and new Health Minister Christine Elliott for the move.
Vaping advocates have argued that the activity is safer than smoking and moves people from the toxic chemicals found in tobacco to an alternative, which can help them break their habit.
"We're excited that the government ... (has) recognized our efforts and have paused the implementation of these regulations," she said in a statement. "We have the utmost confidence that they are going to look at the regulations based on science and not guesswork."
The government also confirmed Wednesday it has delayed a law which would have capped sports and concert ticket resale prices at 50 per cent above original face value will not immediately move ahead.
"The previous government attempted to institute a cap on ticket resales with no way to enforce that cap, resulting in less consumer protection," Jefferies said. "We have paused the implementation of this section until we can review this provision in full to make sure it is in the best interest of Ontarians."
Police responded to a report about a woman screaming for help early today and the incident ended with her in critical condition at a local hospital, according to a news release.
Officers arrived about 3:22 a.m. at a parking lot near the 1500 block of West Main Street. Police said officers found a male suspect on top of a woman. The man tried to run from police, but was caught after a brief chase.
The victim was taken to the hospital with injuries to her head and neck. She was listed in serious condition, but her status was downgraded to critical.
No further information is available and the incident remains under investigation.
It's difficult not to compare Saffron Road's Honey Roasted Crunchy Chickpeas to a favorite childhood cereal or peanuts prepared in a similar method. Chickpeas are a great source of protein, and this snack delivers 4 grams per quarter-cup serving with only 2.5 grams of fat — much less fat than in a serving of peanuts. Saffron Road's crunchy chickpeas come in a variety of sweet and savory flavors, all made with organic, non-GMO certified chickpeas and no artificial ingredients.
A savory variety like Sea Salt can be used as a crouton substitute, or if you enjoy Indian flavors, Bombay Spice may be your preference. Saffron Road also suggests creative recipes using their snacks; for example, try crushing Korean BBQ and Sea Salt Crunchy Chickpeas to make breading for chicken tenders. The company seeks to connect diverse cultures through healthy and ethical food, so feel to try something new and experiment with making these snacks your own.
Sweet flavors include Chocolate Covered, Honey Roasted and Salted Caramel. Savory flavors include Bombay Spice, Chipotle, Falafel, Korean BBQ, Sea Salt and Wasabi.
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) – The Minnesota Twins announced Wednesday they've placed outfielder Byron Buxton on the 10-day disabled list with a left great toe fracture.
Buxton has played in 28 games this season, but is hitting only .156 with four doubles, four RBIs and five stolen bases.
He's being replaced on the 25-man roster by pitcher Aaron Slegers, who was recalled from Class AAA Rochester. He's made nine starts for the Red Wings and is 5-2 with a 3.27 earned run average. He's collected 31 strikeouts and eight walks in 55 innings.
As mind planet Mercury ends its retrograde phase in the most sensitive area of your chart today you will see both far and deep, and what you discover about the world around you will in some way or other change your outlook on life. Are you ready?
Tampa Bay Rays pitcher Nathan Eovaldi works against the Oakland Athletics during the first inning of a baseball game Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Oakland, Calif. Ben Margot AP Photo
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
MIAMI (CBSMiami) – Dr. Modesto Maidique is a big part of Florida International University and its history.
Maidique, for whom the FIU main campus is named after, isn't rushing to place blame on last week's bridge collapse. But like many is searching for answers as to why tests were being done in the middle of the day.
“Rarely do engineering systems fail just because of one thing. They're generally – there are backups, there are redundancies,” he said.
The university's former president, who studied engineering at MIT, thinks this could've been prevented.
“People I've talked to, civil engineers who really know about this kind of work, would say you do it at 2 o'clock in the morning. You stop traffic. You reroute traffic through the university just in case,” Maidique said.
Should there have been support beams until the project was complete?
“I would've put them in,” he said.
Munilla Construction Management, the company building the bridge, has strong connections to FIU and local government officials.
But Maidique – who's now with the college of business – doesn't think they were shown preferential treatment while bidding on the project.
The selection process included the school, the City of Sweetwater and the Florida Department of Transportation.
“Time will tell but to me the Munilla's are very responsible and respected people and the selection process went through a very transparent, open, and well managed process,” Maidique said.
As the NTSB and other groups investigate the collapse, Maidique knows the college of engineering is going to catch some blame.
“It's very unfair and premature to be putting the blame on them but I do think if this is bad for the university this is even worse for the Munilla family,” he said.
All of the companies involved, including the Munilla's, are promising to cooperate fully with the investigation.
From the company that brought you the option of letting a courier inside your home comes a new service: package delivery inside your car.
Amazon is expanding its in-home delivery service called Key to include deliveries to trunks and back seats of cars. The service is available only to Amazon Prime members in 37 cities who have a 2015 or newer Chevrolet, Buick, GMC, Cadillac or Volvo with an active OnStar or Volvo On Call account.
Essentially, these are already connected cars that can be remotely unlocked — in this case for package delivery, which Amazon promises within a four-hour window. The shopper has to confirm that they've parked within range of the delivery location — in a publicly accessible area — and can track the progress through the Amazon Key app.
Amazon has devoted much effort to figuring out how to stop its packages from being stolen from porches and public spaces, which is costing the company a pretty penny. With in-car service, Amazon can use shoppers' cars as secure mail drop boxes.
This is also the extension of Amazon's ongoing effort to come up with new ways to lure customers into its universe with convenience and speed. Early on, it was free two-day shipping for people who pay a monthly or yearly Prime subscription. Then came Internet-connected buttons that auto-order a specific item and shopping via voice commands to a smart home device. Now, it's remotely controlled, app-connected locks on houses and cars to let couriers inside.
In February, Amazon bought Ring, a smart-doorbell maker that can stream audio and video a phone, which followed the launch of the company's own Internet-connected home security camera called Cloud Cam. Amazon has pitched the camera and its Amazon Key app for use not just for in-home deliveries, but also keyless entry for a growing number of home-service providers that can be hired through Amazon, such as dog walkers and house cleaners.
Most of the special services appeal to Prime subscribers, a membership service that typically costs $99 a year in the U.S. — one that Amazon is aggressively growing. Last week, for the first time, CEO Jeff Bezos disclosed that the number of Prime subscribers topped 100 million.
General Motors' OnStar and Volvo On Call are also subscription services, which tend to come with some free-of-charge periods but can run up to $350 a year.
Lady Gaga shared the first image on Monday from her film remake of A Star is Born, also starring and directed by Bradley Cooper.
The classic Hollywood tale of two stars colliding, one whose career is on the upswing and the other's waning, has been made three times previously, most recently in 1976 starring Barbra Streisand and Kris Kristofferson.
Lady Gaga, who will be billed under her real name, Stefani Germanotta, wrote beside the image of herself and Bradley on Instagram: “I am so excited to star in my first movie alongside someone I'm so lucky to call my friend. I always wanted to be an actress on the big screen.”
She added, “The story of ‘A Star is Born' is so special and I'm so grateful to Bradley for making my dream come true.” She signed off by saying: “Can't wait for you to meet Ally. She has her first scene in 5...”
The film marks Cooper's directorial debut and, in addition, he is co-producing the project and co-writing it. He will also play country music legend Jackson Maine who is struggling to keep his career on track. Lady Gaga is a hopeful singer Ally who Jackson not only takes under his wing but also becomes romantically involved with.
Fans in Indio, California for last weekend's Coachella music festival kickoff - at which Lady Gaga was one of the headliners - received an added bonus when they were offered $10 tickets to feature as extras in scenes being filmed at the site for the new film. All proceeds from the sales will go to Lady Gaga's Born This Way Foundation.
A Star is Born is due for release next September.
By SUU ATHLETICS STRATEGIC COMMUNICATION
CEDAR CITY– After a weekend split between two meets, the Thunderbird cross-country teams will host the Southern Utah Color Country Invitational on Saturday, October 7 at the Cedar Ridge Golf Course, set to begin at 8 a.m.
The No. 6 men's team and the women's team split between two meets with the men at the Joe Piane Notre Dame Invitational and the women at the Sacramento Capital Cross Challenge.
The Southern Utah men took first place at the Joe Piane Invitational at Notre Dame, beating previously higher ranked No. 7 Colorado. Mike Tate was the top finisher for the Thunderbirds, finishing the race in fifth overall in 23:51.8. Kasey Knevelbaard immediately followed Tate for a sixth place finish with a time of 23:58.5. Next in for SUU was Josh Collins finishing 17th overall crossing the line at 24:07.8.
The SUU women finished fifth overall as a team at the Capital Cross Challenge in Sacramento, California. Madison Fruchey was the top finisher for the women coming in 12th overall with a time of 21:36.6. Next in was Morgan Porcaro finishing in 21:38.2 for 21st overall. Ashley Tyndall was the third scorer for the T-Birds placing 30th overall for a time of 21:56.5.
The Thunderbirds are set to host their annual Color Country Invitational this Saturday. Both the men and women's teams will compete.The men will be running a full team at the Color Country Invitational on Saturday, but the top team will not be competing in preparation for next weekend's meet.
“I think we will do well on the men's side because of the depth we have,” head coach Eric Houle said. “We have some of the men trying to make those last few spots to go to Wisconsin.”
On the women's side, Houle plans on putting three runners in uniform for this meet. Houle said with redshirting four of the top five women that were a part of the conference team last year the women's team right now is very young.
“This meet will be good for our younger women to get another race under their belts,” Houle said.
Houle is excited about the Thunderbirds annual home meet.
“It's always good to have a meet at home, it's nice to see the crowed that comes out to support the team,” Houle said. Competing teams will include Dixie State, Idaho State, Utah Valley and the College of Idaho.
The women's race is scheduled to begin at 8 a.m. with the men's race set to begin at 8:45 a.m. Saturday October 7 at the Cedar Ridge Golf Course. If frost is present on the course the meet start time may be delayed. This event is free for Thunderbird fans wanting to attend.
RALEIGH, N.C. (AP) — College basketball played an entire season amid a federal corruption investigation that magnified long-simmering troubles within the sport, from shady agent dealings to concerns over athletes who'd rather go straight to the pros.
Now it's time to hear new ideas on how to fix the complex, wide-ranging problems.
On Wednesday morning, the commission headed by former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice will present its proposed reforms to university presidents of the NCAA Board of Governors and the Division I Board of Directors at the NCAA headquarters in Indianapolis. And that starts what could be a complicated process in getting changes adopted and implemented for next season.
“I expect the proposals will be strong,” NCAA president Mark Emmert told The Associated Press. “They'll certainly break with the status quo. That's their charge and their mission. That's what we need.
“I think it's going to be a very good day for college sports,” he said.
That would be welcome, considering there has been no shortage of bad days in recent months.
The Commission on College Basketball formed in October , a few weeks after federal prosecutors announced they had charged 10 men — including assistant coaches at Arizona, Auburn, USC and Oklahoma State along with a top Adidas executive — in a fraud and bribery scandal.
The case involves hundreds of thousands of dollars in alleged bribes and kickbacks designed to influence recruits on choosing a school, agent or apparel company. And it has entangled schools such as Kansas, North Carolina State , Louisville and Miami , among others, though prosecutors withdrew a criminal complaint in Feburary against one of the defendants, a youth hoops program director.
Atlantic Coast Conference commissioner John Swofford said that case has put college sports in the position of reacting instead of proactively heading off yet-to-emerge problems.
“Sometimes unfortunately that's what it takes,” Swofford told the AP. “You'd like to think that collectively the basketball world could've seen this coming and had the foresight to get out ahead of it. But that's not reality. Organizations and people, we all sometimes need wake-up calls. And I see this as a wake-up call, and therefore an opportunity.”
One the Rice commission wants to seize.
It was charged with finding ways to reform and modernize rules, including looking at the NCAA's relationship with the NBA, youth leagues, apparel companies and agents. It was also set to review an enforcement process that frequently takes years to resolve complicated cases of potentially major rules violations.
The commission features several prominent names in the sport, including former NBA stars Grant Hill and David Robinson, former Georgetown coach John Thompson III, retired college coach Mike Montgomery and Ohio State athletic director Gene Smith.
“The stage is set, certainly, given what's happened with law enforcement and what we've seen in media reports around men's basketball at the collegiate level,” Southeastern Conference commissioner Greg Sankey told the AP. “You involve Condoleezza Rice because you want an impactful outcome.”
After Rice presents Wednesday morning, the boards will meet to consider adopting the commission's recommendations, either fully or in part. The next stop would be the Division I Council, a group mostly made up of athletic directors, to craft legislation for implementation.
Emmert said the council is already forming subgroups to deal with the targeted areas the commission is expected to address, with the goal of having legislation ready to be presented by August in time for next season.
Swofford, for one, said he'd prefer to end the one-and-done model of top NBA prospects arriving in college for one-year pit stops before turning professional, though that would also take agreement from the NBA. Swofford prefers a model similar to baseball by allowing high schoolers to go straight to the pros but require players who enter college to spend two years there.
He'd also like to see the NBA-run G League become a stronger developmental option for athletes who don't want to come to college, a path recently chosen by former Syracuse recruit and McDonald's All-American Darius Bazley.
Regardless, Swofford said, changes must be broad-based because “I don't think there's a silver bullet here” to fix everything. And he expects the commission to offer “substantive” findings.
“If we can't react to something like this in a way that brings significant improvement to the system and to what we're doing, shame on us,” Swofford said.
Experimental feature Listen to this article Play audio for this article Pause 00:00 00:00 Experimental feature Report a mispronounced word What was mispronounced? Optional: help us by adding the time Submit Thank you for your help!
Five property stories making global headlines this week:
Canberra among Australia's price pace-setters
Australia's capital is predicted to join the Tasmanian city of Hobart in recording the country's strongest growth in house prices in the next financial year. The Sydney Morning Herald covered a BIS Oxford Economics report, which suggested prices would rise by 5 per cent in 2018-19 and that the median price in Canberra would grow 10 per cent in the three years to June 2021.
Tough market hits UK's largest agency group
Countrywide, the UK's largest estate agency group, issued a fresh profit warning as a “subdued” market for home sales took its toll. The Financial Times reported that the group, whose brands include Hamptons International, John D Wood and Mann, has struggled as nervous sellers have held off on listing properties amid stalling price growth.
© Reuters UAE cities become cheaper in global terms
Falling rental rates in comparison with other cities around the world have helped Abu Dhabi and Dubai drop down the global rankings for most expensive places to live. Dubai is now the 26th most expensive city for expats, down from 19th last year, according to The National's coverage of annual research by Mercer, the consulting firm. Abu Dhabi's 40th place, compared with 22nd in 2017, makes it cheaper than New York, London, Tokyo or Sydney. Other reasons to live there, as suggested by the Financial Times recently, include its tax regime.
Hong Kong leader defends vacancy tax
Hong Kong's chief executive Carrie Lam said her priority was to serve the interests of the public as she defended government proposals to tax developers that hoard empty apartments, revealed the South China Morning Post. The vacancy tax is aimed at encouraging developers to release more residential units on to the market, boosting supply and cooling rocketing prices.
Rent-free living on offer in Seattle
Meanwhile, in the north-west US, landlords in Seattle are offering incentives such as up to two months' free rent, $2,500 gift cards and Amazon Echo devices, to entice renters to move into properties. Vacancy rates in the city are at their highest levels since the recession: the Seattle Times reports that following a construction boom, a quarter of apartments in central Seattle stand empty.
Falcons enjoy major turnaround, Saints end with a thud
hello
Atlanta Falcons wide receiver Julio Jones catches a touchdown pass over New Orleans Saints cornerback B.W. Webb during the second quarter of an NFL football game Sunday, Jan. 1, 2017, in Atlanta. (Curtis Compton/Atlanta Journal-Constitution via AP) Associated Press
Atlanta Falcons cornerback Deji Olatoye (30) tackles New Orleans Saints wide receiver Willie Snead (83) during the second half of an NFL football game, Sunday, Jan. 1, 2017, in Atlanta. Associated Press
Atlanta Falcons cornerback Jalen Collins (32) celebrates his interception for a touchback against the New Orleans Saints during the second half of an NFL football game, Sunday, Jan. 1, 2017, in Atlanta. The Atlanta Falcons won 38-32. Associated Press
New Orleans Saints guard Senio Kelemete (65) sits on the bench during the second half of an NFL football game against the Atlanta Falcons, Sunday, Jan. 1, 2017, in Atlanta. The Atlanta Falcons won 38-32. Associated Press
Atlanta Falcons cornerback Jalen Collins (32) tackles New Orleans Saints wide receiver Michael Thomas (13) during the second half of an NFL football game, Sunday, Jan. 1, 2017, in Atlanta. The Atlanta Falcons won 38-32. Associated Press
Atlanta Falcons running back Devonta Freeman breaks away from New Orleans Saints defenders for a long touchdown during the first quarter of an NFL football game Sunday, Jan. 1, 2017, in Atlanta. (Curtis Compton/Atlanta Journal-Constitution via AP) Associated Press
Atlanta Falcons running back Devonta Freeman (24) waves to the crowd after an NFL football game against the New Orleans Saints, Sunday, Jan. 1, 2017, in Atlanta. The Atlanta Falcons won 38-32. Associated Press
Atlanta Falcons quarterback Matt Ryan (2) speaks with New Orleans Saints quarterback Drew Brees (9) after an NFL football game, Sunday, Jan. 1, 2017, in Atlanta. The Atlanta Falcons won 38-32. Associated Press
Atlanta Falcons quarterback Matt Ryan, right, and running back Devonta Freeman celebrate Ryan's touchdown pass to Julio Jones, center, against the New Orleans Saints during the second quarter of an NFL football game Sunday, Jan. 1, 2017, in Atlanta. (Curtis Compton/Atlanta Journal-Constitution via AP) Associated Press
ATLANTA -- Few thought the Atlanta Falcons would be the NFC's No. 2 playoff seed when they lost the season opener.
Quarterback Matt Ryan remained confident.
The Falcons dropped seven of their last nine games in 2015. When they fell at home to Tampa Bay in Week 1 this year, it seemed the franchise was headed for more disappointment.
Instead, a 38-32 victory Sunday over New Orleans has Atlanta (11-5) on a four-game winning streak headed into the postseason. The Falcons are off this week and will get some needed rest with several players recovering from injuries.
"That's what you work hard for in the offseason," Ryan said. "When you're training all those days, it's to give yourselves opportunities at this time of the year. I'm proud of the way our guys responded and handled that all year."
The Saints finished a third straight 7-9 season.
Coach Sean Payton's name is being speculated with the Los Angeles Rams' vacancy. Drew Brees established an NFL record with his fifth season of at least 5,000 yards passing. He set another single-season league high with 471 completions, but the numbers felt empty.
New Orleans didn't place one player on the Pro Bowl roster while the Falcons had six. That Super Bowl title the Saints won to end the 2009 season seems light years away, though Brees disagrees.
"Just like '07 and '08 prepared us for the '09 seasons, I feel like '14, '15 and '16 are preparing us for what's in store next year," Brees said. "I believe that's great things."
Payton refused to answer questions about his future with the team. He will spend Monday doing the customary exit interviews with players.
HOW IT UNFOLDED
The score was close, but the outcome was decided in the first half. Atlanta scored touchdowns on all five of its possessions, led 35-13 at halftime and showed why it has the league's most prolific offense.
New Orleans pulled within 13 with 2:47 remaining, but any chance it had to win was all but done when Jalen Collins intercepted Brees with 6:58 left and Atlanta leading by 19.
KUDOS TO THE LINE
All-Pro receiver Julio Jones, who caught seven passes for 96 yards and one touchdown, heaped credit on the Falcons' revamped offensive line, anchored by Alex Mack, the NFL's highest-paid center.
The Falcons signed Mack in March and are delighted they did. His leadership and skill set gave Ryan the time he needed this year to set his feet and make accurate throws. Jones benefited, too.
"Matt's always been able to make those plays," Jones told The Associated Press. "I'm not taking anything away from us because we've been doing a great job. We're going to play for each other, but the offensive line has done a heck of a job for us."
THAT HURTS
Falcons rookie safety Keanu Neal, the league's 17th overall draft pick, left the game late in the fourth quarter with concussion symptoms.
It's a good thing the Falcons have a bye this week to give Neal more time to recover. He is their leader in the secondary with cornerback Desmond Trufant out for the season with a shoulder injury.
Cornerback Robert Alford left late in the fourth with a sore knee. Outside linebacker Vic Beasley, who began the day as the NFL sacks leader with 14.5, had to go to the sideline in the first quarter with a shoulder injury, but he returned in the second.
THESE GUYS ARE GOOD
Sunday marked the third straight game that Atlanta running backs Devonta Freeman and Tevin Coleman combined for over 200 yards from scrimmage.
The combo was at its best on the opening drive with Freeman catching two screen passes for 48 combined yards and Coleman catching a screen that resulted in a 7-yard TD.
"Their explosiveness, their unselfishness, their mindset to do whatever it takes to win - guys appreciate that," Ryan said. "They feel that in the locker room, that they're putting the team first. I think they've set a great example for the rest of us."
DOME WINDING DOWN
Falcons owner Arthur Blank said the $1.6 billion Mercedes-Benz Stadium, which opens next year, will be ready to host his MLS team this summer.
The Georgia Dome will be imploded.
"It's been an exciting 15 years (as owner) at the Georgia World Congress Center has been a great partner," Blank said. "The Georgia Dome has been a great place to play ball, and we've got more games coming up this season."
___
Follow George Henry on Twitter at www.twitter.com/georgehenryAP . His work can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/content/george-henry .
___
For more NFL coverage: www.pro32.ap.org and www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
Chile Finance Minister Says TPP Better With U.S. in It
Chile's Finance Minister Felipe Larrain says the U.S. should rejoin the TPP. He also discusses Chile's credit rating which was slashed. He spoke with Bloomberg's Shery Ahn on "Bloomberg Markets." (Source: Bloomberg)
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
The Trump administration sparked fears of global currency wars after calling the euro “grossly undervalued,” but maybe that notion isn't so off base, strategists say.
In a new report out on Wednesday, Bank of America Merrill Lynch calls the shared currency EURUSD, +0.2080% “undervalued” and particularly when comparing the currency against the dollar. Using a model that takes into account interest rates, public finances and purchasing power, among other factors, the bank found that the euro is trading at a 9.6% discount to the greenback.
Athanasios Vamvakidis, head of Global G-10 Foreign Exchange Strategy at B. of A., explained that there are two reasons the euro currently is so-called underappreciated. For one, investors tend to flock to the dollar on expectations President Trump will roll out a big fiscal stimulus package; and secondly, the European Central Bank is maintaining its aggressive monetary-easing program, which can have the knock-on effect of making the dollar and dollar-pegged assets a compelling investment.
“In the short term exchange rates can deviate from equilibrium estimates because of differences in central bank policies and differences in business cycle. For example, the U.S. economy is at full employment, so if you add fiscal stimulus, it is expected that the dollar would be above its long-term equilibrium,” he told MarketWatch.
The euro relative to other G-10 currencies
The euro was thrown into the limelight late in January, when Trump' trade adviser Peter Navarro accused Germany of exploiting the U.S. and other EU countries by dealing in a currency that is “grossly undervalued.” As a major global exporter, Germany reaps the benefit of a weak currency as it makes their products cheaper for other currency holders.
Read: Trump's top economic adviser doesn't like a strong dollar
Navarro's comments didn't sit so well in Berlin, where Chancellor Angela Merkel rebuffed any speculation her country was seeking to influence the euro's exchange rate.
But even amid Navarro's euro bashing, the shared currency could take another step lower in coming months, according to Vamvakidis.
“In the short term we believe that there is further downside for the euro because we expect the new U.S. administration to roll out fiscal stimulus. And also we believe the market will get concerned with political risks in Europe,” he said.
“But in the second hand of the year, the euro is likely to start strengthening, particularly as we expect the ECB to announce QE tapering by the end of the year.”
Michael R. Wear spent years working as a White House staffer before serving as President Barack Obama's faith outreach coordinator in the 2012 election. Now, he's just come forward to share his experience of Obama's approach to the Christian religion in his book, Reclaiming Hope: Lessons Learned in the Obama White House About the Future of Faith in America.
Wear told a reporter at the Atlantic about what happened after he drew up a faith-outreach fact sheet describing the president's views on poverty. The piece was called, Economic Fairness and the Least of These. Of course, Wear was referring to a line in the Bible in which Jesus commands his disciples to care for “the least of these,” or the poor and marginalized. The reference clearly went over the heads of the Obama administration.
“Another staffer repeatedly deleted ‘the least of these,' commenting, ‘Is this a typo? It doesn't make any sense to me. Who/what are ‘these'?” The Atlantic explained.
Wear also commented that the Obama administration was “unnecessarily antagonistic toward religious conservatives,” especially when it came to abortion funding and contraception requirements. This attitude has now spread throughout the entire Democratic Party—making no effort to connect to religious voters in the latest election.
“Reaching out to evangelicals doesn't mean you have to become pro-life,” he argued. “It just means you have too not be so in love with how pro-choice you are, and so opposed to how pro-life we are.”
Clearly, ignoring such an important part of the population did not end well. 81 percent of Evangelicals and a majority of Catholics ended up voting for Donald Trump.
Phantom Billstickers National Poetry Day is on Friday 25 August.
You can see all national and international events and competitions on the Poetry Day website. Here's what's happening in Ōtautahi. See all the information in the full listing of local events.
The Great Wall of Poetry
UBS Canterbury is celebrating the readers and writers of poetry by building a Great Wall of Poetry. You've got until 20 August to enter.
Find out more on the Facebook event.
Take Two: Poetica: The Christchurch Urban Poetry Project
Kia ora, koutou. National Poetry Day is just around the corner and Team Poetica is super-excited about the awesome... Posted by Poetica: The Christchurch Urban Poetry Project on Saturday, August 12, 2017
Young Poets Open Mic – ages 6 to 12
Young Poets Open Mic – ages 13 to 25
Thursday 24 August 4.3o to 7.30pm
XCHC Café and Exhibition Space, 376 Wilsons Road.
Find out more on the Facebook event.
Sight and Sound at UBS
Friday 25 August, 12:00-1:00pm
University Bookshop, University Drive, Ilam
Come and see the University Bookshop's poetry wall and hear James Norcliffe and Jeffrey Paparoa Holman. The winner of The Great Wall of Poetry competition will be announced and guests will be invited to read the work submitted by the members of the public. Find out more on the Facebook event.
Poetry Live, Christchurch!
Friday 25 August, 5.30pm-7.30pm
Exchange Café (XCHC), 376 Wilsons Road, Waltham
Be part of Poetry Live, Christchurch! at XCHC on Phantom Billstickers National Poetry Day. Covert poets, come out of the closet in a friendly place. Join established poets, reading at the Open Mic. Free; koha appreciated. All ages welcome. Find out more on the Facebook event.
Politics and Poetry: Sailing in a New Direction
(Title from the opening of Curnow's 'Landfall in Unknown Seas')
Friday 25 August, 7:30 to 10 p.m.
Space Academy, 371 St Asaph Street
Join us in this exploration of politics within poetry - and the poetry within the politics? Ben Brown, Danielle O'Halloran, Ray Shipley, Doc Drumheller, Andy Coyle and 20/20 Collection poet James Norcliffe will be reading work that engages with the big issues. Free entry, all welcome. Find out more on the Facebook event.
Free Public Workshop – Warm-down event
10.30-12.30, Saturday, 26 August 2017
The Writers' Block, Hagley College, Hagley Avenue
Free public Saturday workshop with renowned Lyttelton poet, Ben Brown. All welcome. Please register by Monday 21 August.
For further information and to register please contact Director, Morrin Rout, Hagley Writers' Institute |Phone: 03 3299789 |Mob: 0210464189 |Email: writers@hagley.school.nz
See also:
Poetry Phone - Warm-up/NPD
In this great warm up for National Poetry Day you can txt or call Poetry Phone live poetry readings 022 300 8164 or 021 474 555. Poetry lines are open from Wednesday 23rd to Friday 25th August, round the clock. You can also make poetry requests for friends & lovers, and we will give them a call. Send requests to drusdrus@gmail.com or 022 300 8164, be sure to include a bit of info about the recipient so we get the right poem for them.
Entry Details: R18, usual txt and call charges apply.
Date/Times: 23-25 August, phones open round the clock.
we back for 2017 Posted by Poetry Phone on Wednesday, June 28, 2017
Poetry in a Box - Many Places at Once
Christchurch - Lyttelton Coffee Co/ Henry Traders / Lyttelton Market.
Poet David Merritt will be touring 25-30 poems in a box around a cafe, library or market or seat bench and invite members of the public to read them. Free and open to all ages.
Date/Time: Varies slightly from one venue to another but mostly 8am - 3pm, Friday 25th, Saturday 26th and Sunday 27th August
Find out more in the Facebook event.
Given Words
NZ poets are invited to participate in the Given Words poetry competition.
Follow GivenWords on Twitter
Find out more in the Facebook event.
National Online Poetry Competition
Tararua District Library is celebrating Phantom Billstickers National Poetry Day with our Online Poetry Competition for the whole country. Have your poem published online and be in to win a prize and the glory. Competition open 10th July to 20th August 2017. Winner announced 25 August. Up to 2 poems per entrant will be published on the Tararua District Library Blog. Find out more.
Feel A Little Poetic?
Join poet Jenny Palmer and illustrator Evie Kemp, creators of the bestselling Feel A Little book, to make your very own blackout poem! Children of any age can print, create and share a Shy or Happy feelings poem at www.feelalittle.com. Free event open to children of all ages. To enter, find printable forms at www.feelalittle.com and submit completed with contact details via email poem@alittleink.co.nz or social media www.facebook.com/feelalittle and @feelalittlenz by Poetry Day Eve 24 August 5pm
Do you Feel A Little Poetic with our National Poetry Day Blackout Poem Competition at www.feelalittle.com ? If you need some poetry prompts to, well, prompt you, we'll be sharing them all month! Posted by Feel A Little on Thursday, August 10, 2017
VOLUME Poetry Spam (Junk Poetry Competition)
Choose a piece of spam or junk mail, an advertisement or other unsolicited words (either printed or received by e-mail). Write a poem using only the vocabulary of the piece of junk you have chosen.
Entry details: Free to enter. Open now to all New Zealand residents.
Submission Dates: Entries must be received by 18 August. Send to books@volume.nz or to VOLUME, PO Box 364, Nelson 7040. The winner will be announced on National Poetry Day (25 August) and in our newsletter
Download instructions at http://tinyurl.com/poetryspam
Visit Phantom Billstickers National Poetry Day website for information about events.
Our poetry page has more poetry-related links.
Poetica's Inaugural Project: The Instant Poetry and Infinity Wall. The project culminated with one poem be painted "permanently" on the wall; after a public vote via our Facebook page, Kirsty Dunn's "Beauty in the Broken" was chosen to represent the project.
Kōrerorero mai - Join the conversation.
Libby Rudolf, Rainbow Flowers, part of the ROY G. BIV exhibit at Village Artisans.
The Village Artisans presents members exhibit
Trivia question for artists, particularly painters: What does the acronym ROY G. BIV stand for? For the answer, visit The Village Artisans in Yellow Springs for their newest members' exhibit.
Back in high school science class, most of us learned about ROY G. BIV as an acronym to help us remember the colors of the rainbow: red, orange, yellow, green, blue, indigo, violet. Little did we know back then that these colors would be so important to for those who chose to become artists. These are the pure colors on the light spectrum, each one having its own separate wavelength. Artists combine the primary colors red, yellow and blue to get the secondary and tertiary colors. For this show, Village Artisan members decided to create art using only the original colors in the light spectrum, ROY G. BIV, to see what they would inspire.
Village Artisans co-op member and exhibit coordinator Theresa Mayer explains how this exhibit came about.
“At the end of each year, we ask all 20 members of our co-op to suggest topics for the next year shows,” she says. “The galleries committee then reads through all of them, combine some together and pick out the ones we want to do each year and assign them to the months. The Village Artisans group shows are always open to all 20 members of the group. We never know until a few days before we hang the show exactly how many pieces we will have. It changes for each show that we have, and depends on who was inspired by the topic and how prolific and creative they were that month.”
The Village Artisans is a multi-media cooperative art gallery. They sponsor several showings each year, and most are member-driven. This exhibit kicked off with an artists' reception in late June.
“I love being a member of this co-op because it is great to have other artist to interact with and we encourage each other to try new things and keep creating,” Mayer says.
ROY G. BIV runs through August 15 at the gallery, located at 100 Corry Street in Yellow Springs. The exhibit is free and open to the public. For more information, call 937-767-1209, visit www.villageartisans.blogspot.com, or email villageartisans.email@yahoo.com.
Yousuf karsh: American Portraits at DAI
The Dayton Art Institute presents a special exhibit. Yousuf Karsh: American Portraits is organized by the Smithsonian's National Portrait Gallery, Washington, D.C.
During a career that spanned six decades, photographer Yousuf Karsh (1908-2002) created iconic portraits of many of the 20th century's most influential men and women, from fields as diverse as business, medicine, entertainment, politics, and the arts. Karsh photographed countless international figures, but his images of Americans are counted among his finest portraits. This exhibition features 48 black-and-white photographs from the National Portrait Gallery's collection.
Featured portraits include writer Ernest Hemingway; artists Georgia O'Keeffe and Andy Warhol; actors Ingrid Bergman and Humphrey Bogart; athletes Muhammad Ali and Jackie Robinson; business leaders Elizabeth Arden and Warren Buffett; architects Frank Lloyd Wright and me. M. Pei; first ladies Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis and Eleanor Roosevelt; and entertainment giants Walt Disney and Jim Henson, as well as many others.
Companion Exhibition:
Jane Reece Photographs
Commemorating the artist's 150th birthday, the DAI is also displaying photographs by prominent Dayton photographer Jane Reece (1868–1961) in conjunction with Yousuf Karsh: American Portraits. A selection of Jane Reece's work will be on display in the special exhibition galleries, complementing this exhibition while demonstrating a different stylistic approach to photography.
Admission to this exhibition is included as part of Yousuf Karsh: American Portraits and cannot be purchased separately. For more information, call 937.223.4278, or visit daytonartinstitute.org.
DSA Summer Film Series focuses on art
The Dayton Society of Artists is pleased to share the Summer Art Movie Series. This free three-month series is in collaboration with the Front Street Buildings and the Downtown Dayton Metro Library. Sponsored by Front Street Buildings.
The series began on June 29 with a presentation and discussion of the PBS series Art: 21, chronically art in the 21st century. It continues on July 28 with a presentation of the film “Basquiat,” hosted by Scott Gibbs.
Scott Gibbs is a local artist and former assistant to Julian Schnabel at a time when Schnabel was filming the 1996 art movie “Basquiat.” The movie is based on the life and art of American neo-expressionist Jean-Michel Basquiat. Come enjoy great company and get a behind the scenes look into “Basquiat.”
The film will be shown on July 28 at 8:00 p.m. at Front Street Buildings, 1001 E. 2nd St., #1000, Dayton. Lawn chairs are suggested. This event is for adults as the movie is rated R.
The summer series will conclude on August 16 at the Dayton Metro Library main branch with a screening of the 1956 film “Lust for Life.” This is a dramatic biography of the renowned artist Vincent van Gogh. Many know of his struggles with mental illness. However, the movie goes further to describe the artistic process and personal relationships that shaped the iconic work enjoyed today. The award-winning film stars Kirk Douglas in a memorable portrayal of the mentally fragile van Gogh.
The film will be shown on August 16 at 6:30 p.m. at the downtown Dayton Metro Library, 215 E. 3rd St.
For more information, call 937.228.4532, or visit daytondsps.org.
Gain access to global coverage from local journalists on the ground in 50+ countries working around the clock to break news, analyze, spot risks and opportunities.
Join over 300,000 Finance professionals who already subscribe to the FT.
Getty
Jill St. John is the wife of Robert Wagner. Her name has been circulating online because police have named her husband a “person of interest” in the death of actress Natalie Wood. Wagner and Wood were married when she drowned back in 1981.
On Saturday, February 3, Natalie Wood: Death in Dark Water, will air on CBS.
St. John was born in Los Angeles in 1940, and got her start in the entertainment business at the tender young age of 5. She has been in countless television shows, movies, and theatrical productions over the course of her 80-year career.
Here is what you need to know:
1. Wagner Has Been Named a ‘Person of Interest' in the Natalie Wood Case
Wagner and his first wife, Natalie Wood, married in 1957. They divorced in 1962, but rekindled their romance years later, remarrying in July 1972. Two years later, Wagner and Wood welcomed their only child together, daughter Courtney Wagner.
In November 1981, Wood and Wagner were on their yacht near Catalina Island, drinking with some friends, including actor Christopher Walken. The next day, police found Wood's dead body in the water.
Wood's autopsy noted “fresh bruises on her body,” but an investigation concluded that she had accidentally drowned. Charges were never filed, but Wood's death has remained a mystery for several years, despite her case being closed.
In 2011, however, Wood's case was reopened.
A year later, the Los Angeles Coroner's Office amended Wood's death certificate. Her cause of death was changed from “accidental drowning” to “drowning and other undetermined factors.”
Now, police have named Wagner a “person of interest” in the case.
“As we've investigated the case over the last six years, I think [Wagner's] more of a person of interest now. I mean, we know now that he was the last person to be with Natalie before she disappeared,” Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department Lieutenant John Corina said during an interview on CBS' 48 Hours.
“I haven't seen [Wagner] tell the details that match all the other witnesses in this case. I think he's constantly changed his story a little bit. And his version of events just don't add up,” Corina added. “I think it's suspicious enough to make us think that something happened,” Corina responded when asked if he believed Wood was murdered.
“[Wood] looked like a victim of an assault,” Ralph Hernandez, of the Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department, said in the 48 Hours interview. “We have not been able to prove this was a homicide. And we haven't been able to prove that this was an accident, either. The ultimate problem is we don't know how she ended up in the water,” he added.
Wagner has not commented on the case since it was reopened.
2. St. John Married Wagner in 1990 & Is a Stepmother to His 3 Daughters
St. John started dating Wagner in 1982, less than one year after Wood's death. St. John and Wagner were together for eight years before tying the knot on May 26, 1990. The two didn't have any children together, although Wagner has children from previous relationships, thus making St. John a stepmother of three girls.
Katie Wagner is Robert Wagner's oldest daughter from his marriage to Marion Marshall. Courtney Wagner is the only daughter of Wagner and Wood. Wagner is also a father to Natasha Gregson Wagner, Natalie Wood's daughter from her relationship with producer Richard Gregson. After her mom's death, Gregson Wagner was raised by Robert Wagner and Jill St. John.
Gregson Wagner has spoken out about suspicions that Robert Wagner had involvement in her mom's death.
“The details of did she hit her head and fall into the water or did she fall into the water and then hit her head, those little things don't concern me. The result is the same. She died. And she left when I was 11 and my sister (Courtney) was 7, and we needed her. And even when I hear that stuff that my aunt creates and people call me and say, ‘Oh my God, I am so sorry,' I say, ‘Don't be sorry for me.' It's literally like saying my dad has two heads or three heads. It's so preposterous that I can't even relate to it. It doesn't even touch me,” she told the New York Times in 2016.
In 2002, St. John appeared alongside Wagner and two of his daughters (Courtney and Katie), when he was honored with a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.
You can see a photo from the event below.
St. John has been married a total of four times. She wed her first husband, Neil Dubin, heir to a linen fortune, on May 12, 1957, when she was just 17 years old. The two eloped to Arizona, but divorced the following year. Next, St. John married Lance Reventlow, a sports car racer who was heir to the F. W. Woolworth fortune, on March 24, 1960. The two divorced in 1963, and Reventlow died in a plane crash in 1972. In 1967, St. John married singer Jack Jones. St. John and Jones divorced in 1969.
It has also been reported that St. John had romantic flings with some of Hollywood's hottest men including Frank Sinatra and Henry Kissinger.
3. She Is a Former Bond Girl
St. John got her start in the business when she was 5 years old. She acted under her birth name, Jill Oppenheim, until her mom, Betty Lou Oppenheim, changed her surname to “St. John” in 1953.
She made her television debut in The Christmas Carol back in 1949, and her movie debut in 1958, starring in Summer Love, alongside actor John Saxon.
“She filled the bill as an exuberant, slightly dingy teen and as well as shapely love interest in such innocuous but fun films as The Remarkable Mr. Pennypacker (1959) and Holiday for Lovers (1959), Who's Been Sleeping in My Bed? (1963), Who's Minding the Store? (1963) and Honeymoon Hotel (1964),” according to her IMDb bio.
In 1971, St. John starred as Tiffany Case in Diamonds Are Forever opposite Sean Connery (who played 007). In the 80s, she starred in various television series including J.J. Starbuck, Dempsey and Makepeace, and Emerald Point N.A.S. She also starred in the film, The Act, in 1984.
Moving on to the 90s, St. John starred in the 1995 television movie, Out There. She also starred in an episode of Seinfeld.
In 2002, St. John starred in The Calling and The Trip before deciding to retire. She returned to the small screen in 2014, however, starring as Mrs. Claus in a television movie called Northpole, which aired on the Hallmark Channel. St. John starred opposite her husband, Robert Wagner, who played Santa Claus.
“Northpole, the magical home to Santa & Mrs. Claus, has grown into a huge city powered by the magic of holiday happiness around the world. Yet as people everywhere get too busy to enjoy festive time together, the city is in trouble. Who can help save the cherished traditions of Christmas? One young boy, Kevin, might have a chance if he can convince his protective mom, Chelsea, to rediscover the magic of the season. With a little added help from Kevin's charming teacher Ryan, a mysterious elf-like girl Clementine (Madison) and a gospel singer named Josephine, Kevin is determined to bring his mom in on the fun and prove that one small voice can change the hearts of many,” reads the network's description of the TV movie.
4. She Enrolled at the University of California Los Angeles When She Was Just 15
St. John is an incredibly smart woman, despite always seeming to play the role of the beautiful red-head with the stunning figure, and the quick tongue. However, St. John is incredibly intelligent and reportedly has an IQ of 162.
She attended Hollywood Professional School in California, a private school for kids working in show business. The school held classes in the mornings so that the children could head to work in the afternoons. She earned her high school diploma in 1955, when she was just 14 years old. The following year, she enrolled at the University of California, Los Angeles' Extension School (UCLA Extension School).
She majored in dramatic art and minored in psychology, according to Glamour Girls of the Silver Screen.
After attending college for two years, St. John was offered a deal with Universal Pictures. She left UCLA in order to pursue her acting career on a full time basis.
5. She Is an Avid Skier & Has Her Own Cookbook
St. John and Wagner spend their time enjoying the great outdoors. According to St. John's IMDb bio, the couple own homes in Aspen and the Pacific Palisades (in California), “where Jill keeps a number of horses.”
She and Wagner enjoy skiing, horseback riding, and playing golf together.
St. John has spent a lot of her free time hitting the slopes in Aspen, Colorado. In 2005, St. John was on a ski trip with her husband in Aspen when she fell and fractured her hip. She was taken to Aspen Valley Hospital after the accident and was later transferred to a hospital in Los Angeles where she underwent surgery, MSNBC reported at the time.
In addition to being outdoors, St. John also has her very own cookbook, which was published in 1987.
“Featuring recipes adapted for simpler preparation from cuisines worldwide, this cookbook includes main dishes, salads, and desserts, as well as foods to eat in bed and to present as gifts,” reads the cookbook's description on Amazon. The Jill St. John Cookbook is available for as little as 25 cents.
“I'm a mountain gal now. I love the outdoors and I love harvesting and using fresh vegetables and herbs. I even grow my own horseradish,” St. John told the Chicago Tribune in 2015.
Perreault scores 2, Jets end skid with 5-1 win over Canucks
hello
A shot by Winnipeg Jets' Nikolaj Ehlers (not shown) beats Vancouver Canucks' Alexander Edler (23) and goalie Jacob Markstrom (25) during second-period NHL hockey game action in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Monday, Dec. 11, 2017. (Trevor Hagan/The Canadian Press via AP) Associated Press
Vancouver Canucks' Nic Dowd (17) rides Winnipeg Jets' Bryan Little (18) into the boards during second-period NHL hockey game action in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Monday, Dec. 11, 2017. (Trevor Hagan/The Canadian Press via AP) Associated Press
The Winnipeg Jets celebrate after Nikolaj Ehlers (27) scored during second-period NHL hockey game action against the Vancouver Canucks in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Monday, Dec. 11, 2017. (Trevor Hagan/The Canadian Press via AP) Associated Press
Winnipeg Jets' Nikolaj Ehlers (27) celebrates his goal during second-period NHL hockey game action against the Vancouver Canucks in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Monday, Dec. 11, 2017. (Trevor Hagan/The Canadian Press via AP) Associated Press
Vancouver Canucks goalie Jacob Markstrom (25) has a puck come near his chin during second-period NHL hockey game action against the Winnipeg Jets in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Monday, Dec. 11, 2017. (Trevor Hagan/The Canadian Press via AP) Associated Press
WINNIPEG, Manitoba -- Mathieu Perreault viewed his 100th NHL goal as a lucky tap rather than a highlight-reel milestone.
The Jets forward scored two twice and added an assist to help Winnipeg halt a three-game losing streak with a 5-1 victory over the Vancouver Canucks on Monday night.
His second goal with 44 seconds left in the game was even initially awarded to linemate Matt Hendricks before it was changed. Canucks goalie Jacob Markstrom was behind the net with the puck and shot it straight to Hendricks in the slot. Hendricks fired the puck and Perreault lifted his stick up and deflected it in.
"It's kind of a reaction play," Perreault said "It was going in his empty net and I just got my stick on it. I could have tipped it out of the way so lucky enough it went in."
The win was the Jets' seventh straight victory at home. They have points in their last 11 games (10-0-1) at Bell MTS Place.
Dmitry Kulikov, Josh Morrissey and Nikolaj Ehlers also scored for Winnipeg (18-8-5). Ehlers' 14th of the season was on the power play and gave him goals in three straight games.
"Coming home and playing in front of this crowd every night is pretty amazing," Ehlers said. "Seeing it now with three games away with three losses, we needed the extra energy and the crowd gave us a boost today."
Brock Boeser scored his team-leading 16th goal for the Canucks. He also extended his goal-scoring streak to three games.
Connor Hellebuyck made 25 saves for Winnipeg.
Markstrom stopped 19 shots for Vancouver (14-13-4).
"They had three guys up on the forecheck," Markstrom said of Perreault's second goal. "I don't know how, but it was a poor decision by me and I wasn't good today and I take full responsibility."
Markstrom also let in a surprising goal 88 seconds into the first period, squeezing his pads on Kulikov's point shot, but the puck slid into the net behind him.
The Canucks have lost three straight in regulation for the first time this season.
Vancouver was missing top-line forwards Bo Horvat (broken foot) and Sven Baertschi (fractured jaw), but players weren't using that as an excuse.
"Every team has injuries," said forward Thomas Vanek, who had four shots on goal. "When I have the scoring chances that I had tonight, I've got to put them away.
"It doesn't matter who's in and who's out, I've got to find a better job of putting one of those in there and get some momentum back."
The teams were tied 1-1 after the first period and Winnipeg led 3-1 after two.
Winnipeg got its second power play at 2:55 of the middle period after Sam Gagner was called for holding and Perreault fired in his goal from the slot exactly two minutes later.
The Jets capitalized on their next power play when, 37 seconds after Nic Dowd went off for hooking, Tyler Myers' blast produced a long rebound to Ehlers at the top of the circle that made it 3-1 at 14:09.
Morrissey scored his fourth goal of the season with a redirection on a 3-on-1 with Adam Lowry and Andrew Copp at 11:38 and Perreault finished it off with the 100th of his nine-year career.
Notes: Winnipeg was without defenseman Dustin Byfuglien, who was put on injured reserve with a lower-body injury suffered in last Saturday's 4-3 overtime loss to Tampa Bay. Head coach Paul Maurice said he didn't expect him back on the ice until after Christmas. Rookie Tucker Poolman took his roster spot.
UP NEXT:
Canucks: host Nashville on Wednesday night.
Jets: host Chicago on Thursday.
Massachusetts has pushed back the decision date for its 800MW offshore wind call by a month until 23 May.
Officials need more time to consider bids put forward by Orsted and Eversource, Avangrid and Copenhagen Infrastructure Partners, and Deepwater Wind.
Related Stories Massachusetts preps for RE prize
23 Jan 2018
Feds set east coast offshore meet
01 May 2017 The Request for Proposals resulted in “a robust and sophisticated suite of proposals for offshore wind energy generation and associated transmission networks”.
More than 20 bids were lodged by the companies involved, “some with mutliple pricing and other options including several complex scenarios that require detailed and demanding analysis”.
A decision was originally due on 23 April. Contract “execution” is scheduled for 2 July.
Image: reNEWS
Kapil Sharma and his show are being targeted by the media ever since Kapil's fight with Sunil Grover. Even though Kapil had clarified the rumours surrounding him, it looks like the people are not done with it.
Recently, there were reports that Kapil made Daddy actor Arjun Rampal and his co-actor Aishwarya Rajesh wait on the sets. It was even said that he sent them back saying he was not feeling well and will not be able to shoot for the show!
But, Arjun Rampal clarified all the rumours with his tweet! He wrote, "GM,woke up smiling. Actually laughing guess it's the hangover from @KapilSharmaK9 and the fun we had shooting #kapilsharmashow #Daddy."
It is known to all that TKSS has been renewed and Kapil Sharma's film Firangi shooting has also been completed! Now, Kapil's complete focus is on TKSS and with his latest tweets, it looks like the actor is leaving no stones unturned to bring his show back to the top slot.
It has to be recalled that the show had suffered as a few shootings were cancelled due to Kapil's health. So, the cast has pulled up their socks now. The team had an early morning shoot today.
Kapil wrote, "@kikusharda Kiku bhai uth b gye ? Ok.. main aata hu fatafat so k .. uff .. back to back n rock to rock shoot ;)." Kiku replied, "😂😂😂aa jao ,,,,, shoot kya , hamein toh bas masti karni hai. Enjoy 😬."
The team is all set to rock! Well, let's wait for the TRP charts.
LEGASPI CITY—“Instead of an award, recognition or at least commendation, I am now the subject of persecution by the very organization...
The Deputy Governor of Rivers State, Dr. Ipalibo Harry Banigo says the Governor Nyesom Wike-led administration on inception met a completely broken down infrastructure in the state.
Banigo stated this during a courtesy visit by the Nigerian Association of Chambers of Commerce Industries Mines and Agriculture (NACCIMA) at the Government House in Port Harcourt.
According to the deputy governor, “When Wike came on board, all the roads leading to Borokiri where the bulk of the fishes come from, and Etche which is the food basket of the state were completely broken down, and women were the worst hit, because they are the ones who do the farming, fishing and petty trading in our rural communities and the cities.”
She said as a result of the NEW Rivers Vision of total rehabilitation of roads, powered by the state Chief Executive, Chief Nyesom Wike, the infrastructural landscape of the state was transformed by early 2016 despite the paucity of funds.
“This led to an increase in commerce; with better roads, the women were able to move their wares to the market with ease, which ultimately translated to an increase in the flow of cash into their hands and improved level of livelihood”, Banigo said.
She commended the National President, Nigerian Association of Chambers of Commerce Industries Mines and Agriculture, Mrs Iyalode Alaba Lawson for being the first female President of NACCIMA.
Earlier, the National President of NACCIMA, Mrs. Iyalode Alaba Lawson had informed the deputy governor that they were in the state to inaugurate the state chapter of NACCIMA Business Women Group.
She said the NACCIMA Women Business Group, which was formed in 2005, has grown and expanded beyond the shores of Nigeria.
According to her, “It is not just an elitist group but a group that cuts across the grassroots to empower women, through cooperatives, trainings and advocacies.
She thanked the deputy governor for her passion and commitment towards women.
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Chardy led by two sets when their match was stopped by darkness on Tuesday, but Berdych mounted a comeback when they returned. Chardy played well in the decider and broke Berdych twice to advance with a 7-6 (5), 7-6 (8), 1-6, 5-7, 6-2 win.
"At two sets all, it was difficult in my head, and physically, too," said Chardy, who had never beaten Berdych in five previous matches. "I fought hard, all my body was shaking."
___
3:25 p.m.
Former French Open champion Novak Djokovic posted another straight-set win to reach the third round of the clay-court tournament.
Facing Spanish qualifier Jaume Munar, the Serb delivered a solid display to prevail 7-6 (1), 6-4, 6-4 and move into the third round for the 13th time.
Djokovic, who underwent right elbow surgery earlier this year, is the 20th-seeded player in Paris, his lowest Grand Slam seeding since the 2006 U.S. Open.
___
3:10 p.m.
The Williams sisters are back in Grand Slam doubles action for the first time in nearly two years.
A day after Serena Williams made her return to singles play at a major following a 16-month absence, winning her first-round match at the French Open, she is out on Court 3 at Roland Garros alongside her older sister, Venus.
They are facing the 14th-seeded pairing of Shuko Aoyama and Miyu Kato of Japan.
The American siblings, owners of 14 Grand Slam doubles titles, received a wild-card entry. They haven't played doubles together at a major since winning Wimbledon in 2016.
Serena Williams hadn't competed at any Grand Slam tournament since the Australian Open in January 2017. She gave birth to a daughter last September.
___
1:20 p.m.
Marco Trungelliti's long, strange trip as a French Open "lucky loser" has come to an end with a second-round exit.
Trungelliti is the 190th-ranked Argentine who headed home to Barcelona after losing in qualifying at Roland Garros, then drew headlines for making the 10-hour, 650-mile (1,000-kilometre) drive back to Paris in a rental car with his 88-year-old grandmother, mother and brother once he found out he could get into the main draw.
He then won his first-round match.
But Trungelliti was beaten Wednesday by 72nd-ranked Marco Cecchinato of Italy 6-1, 7-6 (1), 6-1 in a match that lasted just under 2 hours.
Still, Trungelliti leaves with 79,000 euros (about $90,000) in prize money — and a great story to tell.
___
12:50 p.m.
Top-ranked Simona Halep put aside a terrible start and came back to claim 12 of the last 14 games, beating 83rd-ranked Alison Riske of the United States 2-6, 6-1, 6-1 to reach the second round of the French Open.
It was the last match of the tournament's opening round.
Halep, the runner-up at Roland Garros in 2014 and a year ago, played poorly in the first set, with only four winners and 16 unforced errors. But she had 16 winners and 12 unforced errors the rest of the way, while Riske made more and more mistakes.
___
12:30 p.m.
Two-time Wimbledon champion Petra Kvitova is through to the third round of the French Open, making light work of 91st-ranked Lara Arruabarrena of Spain in a 6-0, 6-4 win on Court 1.
The eighth-seeded Kvitova lost in the second round last year when she was coming back to the tour after a knife attack in her home in 2016 that left her needing surgery on her left hand, her playing hand.
The Czech player made the semifinals at Roland Garros in 2012.
___
12:20 p.m.
Simona Halep has turned things around in her first-round match at the French Open and is headed to a third set against 83rd-ranked Alison Riske of the United States.
After dropping the first set 6-2 at Court Philippe Chatrier, Halep grabbed 19 of the first 22 points en route to a 5-0 lead in the second, which she eventually took 6-1.
Halep, the runner-up at Roland Garros in 2014 and a year ago, cleaned up her game in the second set, with only five unforced errors after making 16 in the opener. Riske, meanwhile, had only two winners and 12 unforced errors in the second set.
___
12 p.m.
Top-seeded Simona Halep is in trouble in her weather-delayed first-round match at the French Open, losing the first set 6-2 to 83rd-ranked Alison Riske of the United States.
Riske raced to a 5-0 lead and then broke Halep again in the eighth game to take the set.
In their only previous meeting on clay, in Rome in 2015, Halep dropped only three games in a 6-3, 6-0 victory. But Riske is giving the Romanian a far tougher test this time.
___
11:20 a.m.
Play is underway on Day 4 of the French Open, with top-seeded Simona Halep facing 83rd-ranked Alison Riske of the United States in the last remaining match of the women's first round.
The encounter on Court Philippe-Chatrier was postponed from Tuesday amid gathering evening storms.
Halep, a two-time finalist at Roland Garros, needs to reach the semifinals or better this year to have a chance of holding onto her No. 1 ranking. She won both of her previous matches against Riske.
On the men's side, 2016 champion Novak Djokovic will face qualifier Jaume Munar of Spain in the second round.
The second-seeded players in both the men's and women's draws, Alexander Zverev and Caroline Wozniacki, will also be in action.
___
More AP tennis coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/apf-Tennis
By The Associated Press
Iran's Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif is interviewed by The Associated Press, in New York, Tuesday, April 24, 2018. Zarif is warning the Trump administration that pulling out from the Iran nuclear deal would undermine talks with North Korea by proving that America reneges on its promises. Richard Drew AP Photo
IMAGE: CNS photo/Sean Gallagher, The Criterion
By
INDIANAPOLIS (CNS) — Francesco Cesareo, chairman of the National Review Board, urged the U.S. bishops June 14 during their spring meeting in Indianapolis to continue to keep their commitment to stopping clergy sexual abuse and supporting victims of abuse “at the forefront” of their ministry.
He said sexual abuse of minors by clergy is “not a thing of past” and stressed the bishops have to always be vigilant and be sure to not “let complacency set in” in their efforts to stop it.
The review board is a group working with the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops to address and prevent sexual abuse of minors in the U.S. by clergy and other church personnel.
Cesareo pointed out there was still work to be done in this area, but he also praised the bishops for what they've accomplished and stressed that dioceses in the United States are among the safest places for children and are also models for rest of the world.
In his report to the bishops, he presented some of the key points of the recently issued 14th annual report on diocesan compliance with the U.S. Catholic Church's “Charter for the Protection of Children and Young People.”
The report — based on audits conducted between July 1, 2015, and June 30, 2016 — shows that 1,232 survivors of child sexual abuse by clergy came forward with 1,318 clerical abuse allegations in 132 Catholic dioceses and eparchies. The allegations represent reports of abuse that occurred from the 1940s to the present.
The review board chair said he was pleased with the high number of dioceses participating in the audit, noting that only two did not participate, down from six the previous year. He said all dioceses have indicated that they will participate in the next audit.
The value of participating in the audit “can't be overemphasized,” he said.
One weak spot he noted in the audit process is the overall lack of parish participation, which he urged bishops to do something about to provide full transparency.
Cesareo, president of Assumption College in Worcester, Massachusetts, stressed that the review board wants to help the Catholic Church by providing tools to implement the charter and even to work on improving the charter by making it more specific.
Cardinal Daniel N. DiNardo of Galveston-Houston, president of the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops, has appointed four new members to serve on the review board. The new members, announced June 14, are: Amanda Callanan, director of communications for the Claremont Institute, a California-based think tank; Suzanne Healy, victims assistance coordinator for the Archdiocese of Los Angeles from 2007-2016; Dr. Christopher McManus, who practices internal medicine and is an active member of the Northern Virginia Guild of the Catholic Medical Association; and Eileen Puglisi, former director of the Office for the Protection of Children and Young People in the Diocese of Rockville Centre, New York.
Cesareo will continue to chair the review board until his term expires in 2020.
Prior to his presentation to the bishops, Margaret Simonson, chair of the U.S. bishops' National Advisory Council, a group of laypeople who advise the bishops, gave her report.
She said the council supported several items on the bishops' agenda for their June 14-15 meeting, particularly discussion about religious liberty, which she said was so important in “this particular time in history.”
She also said the council supported the “Mass of Prayer and Penance” being celebrated in the early evening June 14 for survivors of sexual abuse within the church, the discussion of revised guidelines for people with disabilities and an update on the upcoming convocation for Catholic leaders taking place in Orlando, Florida, July1-4.
Simonson, chancellor of the Diocese of Rapid City, South Dakota, also suggested the USCCB take up the following action items:
— Provide a new user-friendly website.
— Offer more resources for Catholics to promote religious liberty.
She said the council was “blessed to serve the bishops” in the work they do.
– – –
Copyright © 2017 Catholic News Service/U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops. www.catholicnews.com. All rights reserved. Republishing or redistributing of CNS content, including by framing or similar means without prior permission, is prohibited. You may link to stories on our public site. This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. To request permission for republishing or redistributing of CNS content, please contact permissions at cns@catholicnews.com.
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
After weeks of intense search, operatives of the Imo State Police Command at the weekend shot a suspected armed robber, named Chimobi Okorie.Okorie, until his death, was allegedly involved in several armed robbery operations in the state, leading to his manhunt by the police.
Confirming the incident yesterday in Owerri, the command's Public Relations Officer, Andrew Enwerem, a Deputy Superintendent of Police (DSP), disclosed that the deceased was traced to a hotel in Okigwe, Imo State, where he engaged the police in gun duel, but the police superior firepower overwhelmed him and in his attempts to escape, he was riddled with bullets.
Enwerem said he was eventually arrested and taken to a hospital, but doctors confirmed him dead on arrival.In another development, the police spokesman said operatives of the command acted on a tip-off and dispatched a team known as Operation Condone to a morgue in Osisioma Aba, Abia State, where, a bank robbery suspect, Justice Ogbonna, was arrested.
According to Enwerem, Ogbonna is currently under the custody of the command for further investigation.He said Ogbonna was alleged to be among the armed robbers, who attempted to gain entrance into the Zenith Bank along Wethdral Road, Owerri, on February 23.
In the incident, during a gun-battle between the police and robbers, a suspected robber was killed, while three police officers were wounded.
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Subscribe to the FT to read: Financial Times No one should have the right to bare arms outside of a sleeveless shirt
Time's up for Harvey Weinstein and his creepy ilk
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Digital Trial subscription for $1.00 for 4 weeks
You will be billed $36.00 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $6.45 per week
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week
Other Subscription options:
Jurors on Monday found a San Luis Obispo High School graduate guilty of destroying a portable toilet at the school in December, but a lone juror refused to convict him of causing a fire that destroyed the school's computer lab in December.
Jacob Lee Ruth, 20, was found guilty of two charges of burglary and one count of arson. The jury split 11-1 on a second arson count stemming from the computer lab fire that caused about $1.8 million in damage. He faces four years and four months on the three guilty charges. He had faced up to eight years in state prison if convicted on all four counts.
The case will go back to court Aug. 23 to determine whether prosecutors will seek a second trial. Assistant District Attorney Lee Cunningham said Monday that his office will consider whether to re-file the arson charge between now and that hearing. Cunningham said it's unclear whether his office will pursue a County Jail or state prison sentence in the guilty verdicts.
“Mistrials, declared in the event of ‘hung juries,' are a source of frustration for everyone, although we sincerely appreciate the diligent work of the jury in analyzing the evidence, applying the law, and convicting Mr. Ruth of the other three counts,” Cunningham said.
Matthew Guerrero, Ruth's defense attorney, declined to comment on the case Monday due to the possibility that it could go back before a jury.
Before accepting the verdicts, Superior Court Judge Jacquelyn Duffy asked the jury foreman about a note he sent to her at about 11 a.m. Monday saying that the jury was split 11-1 on the second arson count and had been since deliberations began Friday. Duffy asked the jurors to try to work it out before accepting the impasse at about 3 p.m.
Neither the foreman nor the other jurors raised their hands when Duffy asked if anyone believed further deliberations would result in unanimous agreement.
According to court documents, fire crews responded to San Luis Obispo High School at about 1:20 a.m. on Dec. 8 to find the computer lab building engulfed in flames. A witness reported seeing a suspicious car nearby that was occupied by three people watching while firefighters battled the blaze.
Officers contacted the occupants — Ruth, Cameron Bratcher and Michael Benadiba — and searched the vehicle, finding an unused road flare and a partially burnt flare of the same brand outside the car nearby, according to a court declaration.
Bratcher, 18, and Benadiba, 19, are facing similar arson and burglary charges and are scheduled for trial-setting conferences in October.
During Ruth's trial, which began Aug. 4 after three days of jury selection, Guerrero argued to jurors that Ruth had come to the lab with the others to vandalize a teacher's desk, not start a fire. Guerrero said it was Benadiba who lit the flare that started the fire.
Bittner, however, argued that Ruth had a history of starting fires — including the destruction of a portable toilet days before the computer lab fire — and was guilty of arson whether he started or abetted the computer lab fire.
All three men are former students at the school; Ruth graduated and Bratcher withdrew in 2015, while Benadiba transferred to Pacific Beach High School.
XENIA — Jason Ford, of Beavercreek, won the Pro drag racing final over Steven Collier of Huber Heights, May 27 at Kil-Kare Dragway. Ford made a 101.49 mph, 6.47-second pass, with a near-perfect reaction time of .0011, to beat the veteran Collier.
In other racing divisions, Lancaster's Hunter Wolfe claimed a narrow holeshot win over Layla Dillman of Greenwood, Ind. in the Junior Dragster class. Wolfe's 7.97-second, 81.98 mph pass was enough to edge Dillman's run of 7.95 seconds, 81.65 mph.
In Super Pro, Chuck Sanders, of Point Pleasant, W. Va., was almost perfect for his 6.34-second dial in number with a 6.3405-second, 108.20 mph pass, to beat West Carrollton driver Ken Sullivan (5.03 seconds, 136.12 mph) in the final.
Results courtesy of Randy Markland, Kil-Kare Dragway
Results courtesy of Randy Markland, Kil-Kare Dragway
TORONTO, ONTARIO--(Marketwired - Feb. 15, 2017) -
NOT FOR DISSEMINATION IN THE UNITED STATES OR FOR DISTRIBUTION TO U.S. WIRE SERVICES
White Gold Corp. (TSX VENTURE:WGO) (the "Company") is pleased to announce details of its 2017 Exploration Program on the Company's 297,000 hectare land package in the White Gold District of the Yukon Territory, Canada. The focus of the fully funded program is to drill test new and previously defined high priority gold-in-soil trends in the emerging White Gold District and to further define and advance its other targets to drill ready status. Drill testing of previously identified and similar scale gold-in-soil anomalies has led to the nearby gold discoveries currently owned by Goldcorp Inc. (The Coffee Project) and Kinross Gold Corporation (The Golden Saddle Project).
Highlights:
Extensive drill program starting May 2017 consisting of 200 drill holes (20,000m) to be conducted on multiple targets on the Loonie, IND, Dime, Nolan and Black Hills properties
Detailed soil sampling, geophysics and other exploration work will be performed to follow up on newly discovered targets in 2016 and to further prepare other properties for drilling
The Company's exploration program is fully financed, having recently completed an $18 million financing in December 2016 including a $14.5 million investment by Agnico Eagle Mines Limited
Approximately $30 million in exploration expenditures have been incurred on the Company's properties to date
The Company is the largest landholder in the White Gold district with 14,648 claims (297,000 hectares)
Summary
White Gold Corp. has acquired the largest land package in the prolific White Gold District of the Yukon and assembled a board and management team with a combined 40+ years of experience working in the Yukon. This team has also been directly involved with every recent major gold discovery in the White Gold District. Previous exploration work on its properties has produced several highly prospective targets. Further to the historic work performed and the encouraging results from the 2016 work program (see Company News Release dated January 23, 2016), these strategically located properties will undergo an extensive and fully funded exploration program over the next 3 years.
White Gold Corp's 2017 Exploration Program
The 2017 exploration program will be conducted on 22 of White Gold's properties and include RAB Drilling, Soil Sampling, Probe Sampling, Drone/X-CAM Surveys, DC IP-Resistivity, Airborne Dighem Surveys and Geologic Mapping & Prospecting. The 2017 RAB Drilling will focus on the Company's high priority targets on the Nolan, IND, Loonie, Dime and Black Hills properties. The planned supplementary work will be performed to advance other targets, particularly on the Nolan, the Hunker, Bonanza, Brew, and Wolf properties, to drill-ready status for 2018. The work on the remainder of the projects is designed to follow up on known areas of interest and/or meet assessment requirements. A detailed summary of the work to be performed on each property will be provided in future press releases.
The 2017 program is scheduled to commence in May and conclude in October or later pending the scope of additional work performed pursuant to exploration success. White Gold will follow up on encouraging results with an expanded drill program as deemed appropriate. Supplementary airborne magnetic-radiometric surveys, soil sampling, geologic mapping and drone survey may also be performed to further test the Company's properties and as part of regional reconnaissance efforts.
Shareholders are encouraged to visit the Company's website (www.whitegoldcorp.ca) to further understand the size and scope of the Company's projects in the White Gold District and for a summary of exploration results, maps and other relevant information.
Jodie Gibson, PGeo, of GroundTruth Exploration Inc., has acted as the qualified person under National Instrument 43-101, and has reviewed and approved the content of this news release.
About White Gold Corp.
White Gold Corp. owns a portfolio of 14,648 quartz claims across 23 properties covering approximately 297,000 hectares representing approximately 30% of the Yukon's White Gold District. Preliminary exploration work has produced several highly prospective targets. The claim packages are bordered by sizable gold discoveries owned by majors including Kinross, Goldcorp and Western Copper & Gold. The Company has outlined an aggressive exploration plan to further explore its properties. For more information, visit www.whitegoldcorp.ca.
This news release contains forward-looking information within the meaning of applicable securities legislation. Forward-looking information is typically identified by words such as: believe, expect, anticipate, intend, estimate, postulate and similar expressions, or are those, which, by their nature, refer to future events. Such statements include, without limitation, statements regarding the future results of operations, performance and achievements of the Company, the date upon which the Company's common shares commence trading under the symbol "WGO" on the TSX Venture Exchange and advancement of the Properties. Although the Company believes that such statements are reasonable, it can give no assurances that such expectations will prove to be correct. All such forward-looking information is based on certain assumptions and analyses made by the Company in light of their experience and perception of historical trends, current conditions and expected future developments, as well as other factors management believes are appropriate in the circumstances. This information, however, is subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual events or results to differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking information. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ from this forward-looking information include those described under the heading "Risks and Uncertainties" in the Company's most recently filed MD&A. The Company does not intend, and expressly disclaims any obligation to, update or revise the forward-looking information contained in this news release, except as required by law. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking information.
Neither the TSX Venture Exchange nor its Regulation Services Provider (as that term is defined in the policies of the TSX Venture Exchange) accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release.
Asian stocks rise after Koreas, US make diplomatic overtures
hello
FILE - This Monday, Aug. 24, 2015, file photo shows the New York Stock Exchange. U.S. stocks are rallying early Monday, Aug. 14, 2017, as investors breathe a sigh of relief following the tensions between the U.S. and North Korea a week earlier. Technology companies and banks are making some of the largest gains as all 11 Standard & Poorâs 500 industrial groups move higher. Associated Press
TOKYO -- Asian shares rose Tuesday as both Koreas and the U.S. appeared to indicate a willingness to defuse the crisis over North Korea's nuclear program. A rally on Wall Street, on the back of strong technology shares, also helped.
KEEPING SCORE: Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 gained 1.3 percent to 19,789.13 in morning trading. Australia's S&P/ASX 200 added 0.5 percent to 5,757.50. South Korea's markets were closed for a national holiday. Hong Kong's Hang Seng added 0.2 percent to 27,308.04, while the Shanghai Composite was up 0.2 percent at 3,242.26.
NORTH KOREA: North Korea said Tuesday leader Kim Jong-un was briefed on his military's plans to launch missiles into waters near Guam. But the comments also appeared to signal a path to defuse the deepening crisis with Washington, holding out the possibility that friction could ease if the U.S. made some gesture that Pyongyang considered a move to back away from previous "extremely dangerous reckless actions."
WALL STREET: The S&P 500 jumped 24.52 points, or 1 percent, to 2,465.84. The Dow Jones industrial average gained 135.39 points, or 0.6 percent, to 21,993.71. The Nasdaq composite added 83.68 points, or 1.3 percent, to 6,340.23.
THE QUOTE: "The markets continue to recover from last week's disorder as U.S. equities orchestrated a splendid showing recouping some of the sharp losses from last Friday, as investor confidence returns with the de-escalation of North Korea tension," says Stephen Innes, head of trading for Asia at OANDA.
ENERGY: U.S. crude oil added 2 cents to $47.61 a barrel. It lost $1.23 to $47.59 a barrel in New York Monday. Brent crude, the international standard, rose 4 cents to $50.77 a barrel in London.
CURRENCIES: The dollar rose to 110.40 yen from 109.57 yen late Monday in Asia. The euro fell to $1.1756 from $1.1816.
___
This story has been corrected to say South Korean markets were closed Tuesday.
___
Yuri Kageyama on Twitter at https://twitter.com/yurikageyama
Her work can be found at https://www.apnews.com/search/yuri%20kageyama
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It can be notoriously difficult to find a job nowadays.
Competition is fierce and having the necessary experience can sometimes be an issue.
Well, job hunters in Reading will be pleased to know that there are more opportunities available in the town centre than you might expect.
From waiters, bar staff, to sales assistants and managers there are quite a few vacancies on offer in Reading town centre that need filling right now.
Are you looking for a job in Reading? There are hundreds of opportunities at Fish4Jobs.
9Round Fitness
Position: Trainer
Address: 39 Friar Street, Reading, RG1 1DX
Phone number: 0118 959 6865
This boxing gym is looking for a trainer who is a qualified fitness instructor or personal trainer at level two or three. An average working week will be 30 hours and it is preferable if you have kickboxing experience.
You can apply by visiting the fitness centre and dropping in a CV.
Cosmo
Position: Waiting
Address: 35-38 Friar Street, Reading RG1 1DX
Phone number: 0118 959 5588
Cosmo in Reading is looking for full and part-time waiting staff. No prior experience is needed, just a willingness to learn and strong work ethic.
You can apply by visiting the restaurant and dropping in a CV.
British Heart Foundation
Position: Sales assistant
Address: 27 Friar Street, Reading, RG1 1DP
Phone number: 0118 958 2670
The retail arm of the British Heart Foundation currently has a sales assistant position available in its store in Friar Street.
It is a temporary position on a six month contract and you'll be working 27 hours a week (including weekends).
You can apply within the store or by visiting www.jobs.bhf.org.uk.
Wild Lime
Position: Assistant manager
Address: 12-14 Friar Street, Reading, RG1 1DB
Phone number: 0118 958 1457
This cocktail bar is looking for an assistant manager and full/part-time staff. Previous experience in similar working environments is ideal, but, full training will be given.
If you have a "highly personable nature, creativity and a passion for delivering exceptional customer service" then hand your CV to Irene, Toni or Andres at the bar.
Yates
Position: Bar and kitchen staff
Address: The Former Post Office, Friar Street, Reading, RG1 1DB
Phone number: 0118 959 7090
If you think you're good at pulling pints or are experienced in the kitchen, Yates is looking for full and part-time bar and kitchen staff.
You can apply by dropping in your CV.
Reading Quality Fish
Position: Shop assistant
Address: 7 West Street, Reading, RG1 1TT
Phone number: 0118 957 6917
If you know what it takes to keep fish fresh and have great customer service experience, then this job at Reading Quality Fish might be for you.
The fishmonger is looking for a part-time shop assistant to work eight hours a day and 16 hours a week.
You'll need to be available to work weekends and have an A or B grade certificate from the Billingsgate Fish Market.
Apply by dropping in a CV or phoning the store.
Celly's Hairstyle International
Position: Stylist
Address: 17 West Street, Reading, RG1 1TT
Phone number: 0118 957 1367
This unisex hair salon on West Street is looking for a full or part-time hair stylist with a minimum of two years salon experience.
You'll receive ongoing training and be working in a busy yet rewarding working environment.
You can apply by dropping in a CV.
M & M Barbers
Position: Barber
Address: 42A Oxford Road, Reading, RG1 7LA
Phone number: 0118 959 7754
Fancy yourself as an experienced barber? Well M & M Barbers on Oxford Roads is looking for a full or part-time barber.
The hairdressers will be closed from Monday, October 9 to Tuesday, October 17 for refurbishment, but be sure to drop in your CV before or after that time if the vacancy interests you.
Trespass
Position: Sales assistant
Address: Broad Street Mall, 17 Oxford Road, Reading, RG1 7QE
Phone number: 0118 950 9033
Trespass, a specialist outdoor clothing chain, is looking for a weekend sales assistant in its store located inside the Broad Street Mall.
You can apply by dropping your CV into the shop.
ASK Italian
Position: Manager on duty, assistant manager
Address: Orbit House, St Mary's Butts, Reading, RG1 2LN
Phone number: 0118 957 4850
This modern Italian restaurant located in St Mary's Butts is looking for a full-time manager, on duty and assistant manager. Full training will be provided in the roles but prior experience in a restaurant managerial role is ideal.
According to the job listing on the website you'll be required to "work with the general manager to deliver all financial targets including sales, labour control, food and liquor GP's and team succession."
If those positions are outside your remit of skills then there are also waiting staff positions on offer in this particular restaurant too.
You can apply via the website www.askitalian.co.uk/join-the-team or by visiting the restaurant.
Montreal's health authority says 11 people have now died from complications related to the hot and humid weather.
Another four deaths have been reported in the Eastern Townships region east of Montreal, with officials expected to provide an update later today.
Meanwhile, the ambulance service that serves a large swath of the Montreal area is calling on people to refrain from calling unless it is a real emergency.
Urgences-sante says it has been inundated by the volume of calls since a heat wave enveloping Eastern and Central Canada settled in for an extended stay over the weekend.
On Monday, multiple sources revealed that Donald Trump Jr. allegedly cheated on his wife, Vanessa, with Aubrey O'Day, according to US Weekly.
A source told the news outlet that the alleged affair started at the end of 2011 and continued through March 2012. Although Donald Jr. and Vanessa eventually reconciled, she filed for divorce from him earlier this week, after twelve years together.
In a statement, the couple said, “After 12 years of marriage, we have decided to go our separate ways. We will always have tremendous respect for each other and our families. We have five beautiful children together and they remain our top priority. We ask for your privacy during this time.”
Aubrey O'Day is best known for being a member of the band Danity Kane. She has also modeled for magazines like Blender and Playboy, and has appeared on a handful of reality shows. O'Day is reported to have met Donald Jr. while filming season five of The Celebrity Apprentice.
Is the singer dating anyone currently? Does she have a boyfriend, and who has she dated in the past? Read on for details about O'Day's dating history.
1. She Appeared on ‘Marriage Boot Camp: Reality Stars' with Travis Garland
In 2015, O'Day appeared on Marriage Bood Camp: Reality Stars with then-boyfriend, Travis Garland. The two were off-and-on for months before officially calling it quits in June 2015.
Garland was 25 and O'Day was 31 when they dated. They tried to smooth out the kinks in their relationship on the reality series, but things did not pan out. O'Day announced her breakup with Garland in an Instagram selfie captioned, “single now. suit by @amiclubwear.”
Garland, also a singer, was the lead singer of the boy band NLT. After the group split in 2009, he became a solo artist.
2. She Dated Former ‘Jersey Shore' Star Pauly D
O'Day dated Jersey Shore's Pauly D. for a year and a half.
The two became romantic while filming season 1 of the relationship rehab series, Famously Single. When they broke up last June, a source told E!, “Pauly is the one that broke up with Aubrey. She was pressuring him to get a ring, and he was not there yet. They are done. He hopes to remain friends with her, [but] she is pretty upset.”
Just one month before the split, the two seemed to be doing well. The Jersey Shore star shared with E!, “It's pretty crazy because it was my first real relationship. I've learned so much being in it — I've learned don't assume anything. If you have a problem with your partner, don't assume. Just ask them and tell them how you feel, because most of the time it's not really what you think. You'll find out that it's not, and you can always work through anything.”
3. She Was Rumored to Be Dating Donnie Wahlberg in 2008
In 2008, rumors surfaced that O'Day was dating Donnie Wahlberg from New Kids On the Block. At the time, O'Day was just 24; Wahlberg was 39.
According to an MTV post, the two first linked up at the premiere of Righteous Kill. Neither ever confirmed their relationship.
They did, however, record a song together. Donnie Wahlberg's 2009 song I Got It featured O'Day.
4. She Has Been Slammed on Social Media for Her Alleged Relationship with Donald Trump Jr.
O'Day has been slammed on social media for her alleged affair with Donald Trump Jr., with many making references to Donald Jr's father. One person wrote, “Like father, like son. Disgusting family.”
Donald Trump had sex with porn star Stormy Daniels just after Melania gave birth to Barron Donald Trump Jr. had an affair with singer Aubrey O'Day just after his wife gave birth to his third child. O'Day wrote a song about it called DJT. Like father, like son. Disgusting family — #MarchForOurLives (@KaniJJackson) March 20, 2018
A number of Twitter users have also suspected that O'Day's 2013 song, DJT, is in reference to Donald Trump Jr.
The song was released about a year after O'Day appeared on The Celebrity Apprentice. A section of the song reads, “You want to go back and live in the life that you had have forever? … I'll always want you and always wonder about it but it doesn't matter because I have to stay here. What made you stop believing in our world?”
5. She Told E! Last Year That She ‘Wants a Ring ASAP'
In June, just days before the couple announced their break up, Aubrey told E!, “Well, I want a ring like ASAP! I think I put enough pressure for that to be going down sooner not later. I'm looking for something serious and I'm ready to move to the next chapter in my life where I'm a wife and a mom and to experience other things than what I've been doing my entire career. He knows that and we made sure that's the page we were both on in the beginning.”
At the time, Pauly agreed with O'Day, saying, “We're looking forward to the next steps,” Pauly agrees. “She's the one for me, so I'm looking forward to the next steps and waiting for the right moment to make all that happen.”
Pauly D has one daughter, Amabella Sophia. He is not believed to be dating anyone right now.
HUNTSVILLE, Texas (AP) — As her mother listened on the telephone, 9-year-old Faith Battaglia pleaded with her father.
"No, daddy, please don't, don't do it!" the child begged.
Mary Jane Pearle yelled into the phone for Faith and her 6-year-old sister, Liberty, to run. Then Pearle heard gunshots.
On Thursday, her ex-husband, John David Battaglia is set for execution for the May 2001 slayings of their daughters.
"Merry ... Christmas," Battaglia told Pearle from his Dallas apartment, the words of the holiday greeting derisively divided by an obscenity. She heard more gunshots, then called 911.
Faith was shot three times and Liberty five. Hours later, Battaglia was at a nearby tattoo shop getting two large red roses inked on his left arm to commemorate his daughters. It took four officers to subdue and arrest him when he walked outside. A fully loaded revolver was found in his truck and more than a dozen firearms were recovered from his apartment.
Battaglia's attorneys asked a federal appeals court and the U.S. Supreme Court to block his lethal injection — the second in the nation this week and third this year, all in Texas — and review his case, arguing he is mentally incompetent for execution. The Texas Court of Criminal Appeals, the state's highest criminal court, misapplied the Supreme Court's guidance when it ruled Battaglia is competent for the death penalty, lawyers argued.
The Supreme Court has ruled prisoners can be executed if they're aware the death penalty is to be carried out and have a rational understanding of why they're facing that punishment. Attorneys for the 62-year-old Battaglia contend he doesn't have that understanding.
Prosecutors said the high court hasn't defined "rational understanding" so the Texas courts did an "exhaustive" analysis of cases to ensure proper legal standards were followed. A state judge and the state appeals court found Battaglia was competent, not mentally ill and was faking mental illness to try to avoid execution. He was described as highly intelligent.
"The defendant is a vengeful, manipulative, cunning and deceitful person with the motive and intellectual capability to maintain a deliberate ploy or ruse to avoid his execution," State District Judge Robert Burns said in finding the former accountant competent.
Battaglia's lawyers also argued to the 5th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals that a federal judge improperly denied their requests for additional money to hire an expert to collect information about his competency, which long has been a focus of appeals in the case.
Evidence showed Battaglia became enraged over his ex-wife going to police about his harassment and likely arrest, and used the May 2, 2001, visit with their two young daughters to avenge his anger. That evening, Pearle left their daughters with him for a planned dinner. She received a message that one of the girls had called for her and it was during her returned call that the shootings occurred.
Battaglia told The Dallas Morning News in 2014 his daughters were his "best little friends" and that he had photos of them displayed in his prison cell.
"I don't feel like I killed them," he said. "I am a little bit in the blank about what happened."
Evidence at his 2002 capital murder trial showed at the time of the shootings Battaglia was on probation for a Christmas 1999 attack on Pearle. His profanity-laced Christmas greeting to his estranged wife during the shooting was an apparent reference to that.
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
So when Paul Romer, the World Bank chief economist and a perennial contender for the Nobel Prize, told the Wall Street Journal that he had lost faith in "the integrity" of the process behind the numbers, people took notice (see the New York Times, Bloomberg, Mother Jones, Quartz, etc.).
Chile's peculiar fall and rise and fall again
Romer hinted at a political conspiracy. "I want to make a personal apology to Chile," he said. Questionable methodological changes had caused Chile's ranking to plummet when socialist president Michelle Bachelet was in office, rise again under her conservative successor Sebastián Piñera, then turn around and fall again when Bachelet came back to power in 2010— all due to methodological tinkering and almost no underlying changes in Chile's actual laws or policies.
To illustrate Romer's point, we went back and compared the official rankings published by Doing Business with our own attempt to re-create rankings using a consistent sample of countries and methodology from 2006 through 2018. (First we compiled the older Doing Business rankings from PDFs, as they've been conspicuously expunged from the historical data on the Doing Business website. And then we downloaded the indicator-by-indicator data from Doing Business to create our own fixed-methodology rankings. The full data and code are linked at the bottom of this post.)
Chile's Doing Business Rank
Source: Justin Sandefur and Divyanshi Wadhwa, based on data from www.doingbusiness.org and World Bank “Doing Business” reports, 2006-2018.
The bottom line: Chile's socialists have good reason to distrust the World Bank.
The World Bank's defense: it wasn't politically motivated, just… a very unreliable index?
Despite what the Chilean numbers show, on Monday the World Bank CEO Kristilina Georgieva sent a letter to Chile's Minister of Finance pushing back. "It is unfortunate that Mr. Paul Romer," she wrote, "has questioned the Doing Business rankings, in particular for Chile. This is not the view of World Bank management."
On Tuesday, Romer posted a "clarification" on his own blog:
In a conversation with a reporter, I made comments about the Doing Business report that gave the impression that I suspected political manipulation or bias. This was not what I meant to say or thought I said. I have not seen any sign of manipulation of the numbers published in Doing Business report or in any other Bank report.
Here is the full response from Augusto Lopez-Claros, who ran the Doing Business initiative until last year.
All of which seems to leave three possibilities: (1) the Wall Street Journal grossly misquoted a senior World Bank official; (2) the World Bank CEO managed to rein in her rogue Chief Economist; or (3) Romer was just wildly speculating while on the phone with a reporter, and never had any direct evidence of political interference. Most people we've spoken to assume the correct answer is the last one.
Also, to be fair to the Doing Business team, if you replicate the graph above for various other countries, in most cases the disparities are not nearly so large (see graphs below).
Conspiracy or not, the numbers still aren't credible
Never mind the accusations of political motivations, the Chilean data alone is damning, showing massive movements in rankings due to changes in methodology, not reality.
1. The goalposts keep moving
A core element of the recent "credibility revolution" in empirical economics is a push for researchers to pre-commit to a methodology, before they look at their data, so that the results can't influence their methodological choices. That's the opposite of how Doing Business works. And as our colleagues Vij Ramachandran and Alan Gelb note, the firewall between Bank lending operations and research is too weak in these cases.
Perhaps nobody set out to target Michelle Bachelet deliberately. But that was the result, and it was deemed acceptable. Hypothetically, if the World Bank team had made innocent methodological choices and discovered they launched Chile to #1 in the rankings instead of #57, surely they would have revisited their methods. Did they not revisit any methodological choices on the basis of their impact on the ranking? Of course they did. Were they genuinely blind to the likely effect on countries' scores when deciding to introduce new measures? Of course they weren't—even if there was no deliberate plot to penalize anyone in particular.
2. The measures are unreliable
The graph also highlights a number of complaints that have been voiced for years. As an external review noted in 2013, the numbers jump around too much. The aggregate country rankings involve judgements about what makes a "better" business environment, that have little grounding in research or evidence, and the review panel recommended dropping the aggregate rankings altogether. Doing Business "makes far-reaching observations based on data gathered from sources with a relatively narrow perspective," the external review noted. Somewhat damningly, “improvements” in a country's Doing Business score don't reliably predict any change in responses to the World Bank's own survey of businesses about the ease of doing business.
3. The index starts from an extreme ideological premise
At a more philosophical level, the index measures the costs of government regulation but none of the benefits of those regulations. It's an extreme libertarian stance, out of step with much of the World Bank's other work. Viewed through the lens of Doing Business, corporate taxes are a pure bad, with no consideration of the benefits that come from raising tax revenue. Safety regulations and minimum wages are pure bads because they slow down business, with no consideration of the benefits to workers or customers. On almost all dimensions, a Hobbesian state of nature would get the best possible Doing Business score.
Regarding this latest scandal, it's kind of funny to think the Doing Business project was somehow exposed this week for secretly trying to undermine progressive governments. That ideology was baked into the design of Doing Business from the start. But now is a good time to change course. In response to the latest debacle, World Bank management has announced a new independent review of Doing Business. Hopefully they'll use this opportunity to develop a more balanced and constructive stance on how developing countries should regulate markets—beyond a simplistic message of cutting red tape and letting the market rule.
COMMENT - The World Bank is an ideologically driven organisation, that is heavily influenced by the Rothschild barons (CDEV) Chart of the Week #3: Why the World Bank Should Ditch the "Doing Business" Rankings—in One Embarrassing Chart1/18/18Justin Sandefur and Divyanshi WadhwaLast week the World Bank's Chief Economist, Paul Romer, told the Wall Street Journal the Bank had manipulated its own competitiveness rankings to undermine Chile's socialist government, and hinted Chile might not be alone—then he retracted the claim. Romer's conspiracy theories probably aren't credible, but neither are the Doing Business numbers.Download the data and replication code here (zip file).The Doing Business index is one of the World Bank's highest profile publications, ranking countries on the ease of registering property, paying taxes, and clearing other regulatory hurdles. The Bank boasts that countries often design reform programs specifically to improve their rankings, and Rwanda has a whole ministry devoted to that purpose. Clearly, the Doing Business indicators carry some weight.
Labels: IMF, NEOLIBERALISM, World Bank
Deepika Singh Is Enjoying With Her Son!
In an interview to Spotboye, Diya Aur Baati Hum actress tells as to how amazing her life has become after her son's birth. She adds, "I am enjoying every bit of it with my son. I stay in a joint family, so I have help from many quarters. People are there with me, taking care of my baby. So I am quite relaxed. Let's put it this way: That I am relishing motherhood is an understatement."
Does Deepika Miss Shooting?
When asked whether she misses shooting, she said, "What I miss is my acting. I miss shooting as it was an essential part of my life. And that's why I am trying hard to get back to acting. I have just done some meetings. Let's see what God has in store for me."
Deepika Wants To Work!
Since she was active on social media, she feels she hadn't been away from her fans after Soham's (her son) birth. She adds, "Lekin kaam to karna hai, screen pe vapas aana hai."
Deepika Says…
When asked as to what kind of roles she is expecting, the actress adds, "I did not come to Mumbai with the intention to play the lead. God was grateful to me and I became Sandhya Raati of the successful show Diya Aur Baati Ham. So I still think in the same way. Whatever comes my way, I will take it, and I promise to do justice with it."
Deepika Wants To Work For Her Fans
The actress further adds that she would love to do an inspiring role. She wants to work for her fans and not for money, since her fans keep asking her as to when she will be back on small screen.
Deepika Wants To Do Daily Soap
Deepika says that acting is her hobby and she wants to live it. She doesn't want to do reality show, until the time it's a dance reality show as she loves dancing. But her personal favourite is daily soap.
‘Becoming A Mother Doesn't Stop You From Working'
She was quoted by Spotboye as saying, "I just want to tell these guys that becoming a mother doesn't stop you from working. There are thousands of women who come back from their maternity leaves in 6 months and resume work. So why can't we actors do that?"
Covered California #CoveredInArt bus tour stops in Fresno
Covered California kicked off open enrollment Nov. 1 with a comprehensive marketing and outreach campaign including ads and a 22-city bus tour to promote enrollment in health insurance. The “Covered in Art” bus tour traveled 1,300 miles during the seven-day outreach campaign to promote enrollment in health insurance making stops in communities across California, including several in the Central Valley. The statewide bus tour stopped in Fresno on Saturday, Nov. 3 at Clínica Sierra Vista on Divisadero Street.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- Kansas City continues to fight a violent crime problem, and at the same time, is struggling to find enough police officers to patrol the streets.
The job requirement sounds simple enough.
“We're looking for good, honest, respectable people,” said KCPD Deputy Chief Karl Oakman.
But the tough task of actually being a cop isn't an easy sell. There's a shortage of police officers in departments big and small cross the country.
“It's been difficult. So we have to make sure we're doing things to make policing a job that would attract those people who may have not considered policing as a career,” said Oakman.
The police department in Kansas City, Mo. currently has more than 30 officer openings. On top of that, the city's proposed budget could add another 24 officers, and 15 dispatchers. So KCPD is expanding its efforts, hoping to find more good recruits.
“We just ask the community to assist us. We're in this together and we need good people to help us with making our community the safest and best community in America,” Oakman said.
The need is greatest for women and minorities. Right now, the department's only 15 percent female, despite their being 51 percent of the city population. Similar gaps exist for blacks and Hispanics, with 30 percent of the city being African American and only 12 percent black officers, and 10 percent of residents being Hispanic, with just a five percent Hispanic police force.
“Communities are seeing it as an opportunity to make the change. We talk about well it's not changing, it's always the same. If we don't do anything to make the change and get involved, to help make that change, then we can't complain,” said Victor Lopez, workforce development director with the Guadalupe Center.
The Guadalupe Center just hosted a successful officer recruitment event.
In the coming months, KCPD's planning to add a recruitment office at Manuel Tech Center, which will be one of the first of its kind in the nation, connecting high schoolers to career opportunities in law enforcement.
The department is also growing efforts to reach out to students at colleges across the country, by connecting current officers with their alma maters.
This summer, it'll launch youth police academies for middle schoolers.
All of this is happening, as the department has also streamlined it application process, cutting turnaround time from six months to around three months.
“We always make sure you have the most innovative and best training that's possible in the country to make sure we put you out there on the streets to where we know you're safe and you'll be able to protect the citizens of Kansas City,” said Oakman.
With low unemployment, and older officers retiring, the need for officers will only keep growing.
“It's your time. Make a difference. Be KCPD,” Oakman said.
At least two dozen other metro agencies also have police officer jobs to fill. It's not an easy process to complete. At KCPD, after all the testing hurdles, only about 10 to 15 percent of those recruited will make it to the finish line and become officers.
You can learn more about openings and apply online with KCPD here.
A Houston pianist and cancer researcher says she was booted from a Spirit Airlines flight — along with her 2-year-old son and elderly parents — for “non-compliance” with instructions not to breastfeed her child.
Mei Rui and her family were aboard Spirit Flight 712 from her home in Houston on Friday en route to Newark – a trip connected with a clinical cancer study in the Big Apple, The Washington Post reported.
But the early morning flight was repeatedly delayed because of a lack of de-icing solution, she wrote on Facebook, so she began breastfeeding her son, hoping it would lull him to sleep during the three-hour flight.
“Every parent with a young child can image, you don't want to be that parent on the plane,” she told the paper. “It would be very embarrassing. I was just trying to avoid that.”
While the plane's door was still open, one of the flight attendants told her the boy hed to be strapped in his seat for takeoff, she said.
“I asked for just a couple more minutes to finish because if he woke up at that point he would have made a lot of noise,” Rui said. “I said, ‘I promise I'll finish before you close the plane's door.'”
When Rui stopped feeding her son, he began crying in his seat and she was ordered off the plane. She asked why she was being asked to disembark if the baby was strapped in.
“It's not like I was resistant, I put him in the seat,” she told the paper. “If they had shown a little compassion, it wouldn't have happened, they didn't have to let it escalate.”
Eventually, all the passengers were instructed to get off the plane. She was met by police officers at the gate, where a Spirit rep told her she would not be allowed back on board.
“I just want to know why we were kicked off the plane?” Rui, who captured the scene on her callphone, asked the rep as he and several cops blocked her from the gate.
“Because you were not compliant,'” he told her.
“Could you tell me which part of the instruction we were not compliant with?” she asked as her son continued to cry. “I think we deserve to know that.”
But the employee refused to give more details.
“If this happened to your family …,” Rui said before being cut off by the rep, who said: “It wouldn't happen to my family, I can assure you.”
The ordeal also took its toll on her parents, Chinese natives who had been traumatized by their country's Cultural Revolution, she said.
To make matters worse, Rui's father — who she said has an aortic aneurysm and some hypertension — was rushed to a hospital after collapsing.
In a statement to Houston's KHOU, Spirit defended its decision to kick Rui and her family off the plane.
“Our records indicate a passenger was removed from Flight 712 after refusing to comply with crew instructions several times during taxi to runway and safety briefing,” the statement said.
“To protect the safety of our guests and crew, FAA regulations and airline policies require all passengers to stay seated and buckled during takeoff and landing. We apologize for any inconvenience to our guests. As a courtesy, we've issued a full refund to the passenger in question.”
The incident is the latest blow this year for the family, which never made it to New York. Rue said they lost their house during Hurricane Harvey and have been living in temporary housing.
The Yale grad, who holds degrees in molecular biophysics and biochemistry and music, has been performing classical piano since the age of 10, according to her bio. She received a Grammy nomination in 2015.
“I had never imagined something like this could happen to our family. I am heartbroken that I could not protect my old parents and Lukas from this cruelty!” Rui wrote on Facebook.
Colombia's Sinnerangel find themselves somewhere between melodic death metal, black metal and even shades of power metal. The combination is an unlikely one, but on new song “Hitos,” Sinnerangel create a unique sound.
Precise death metal riffs duel with cold, tremolo-picked melodies, rounded out by a tight rhythm section and vocal deliveries that vary from guttural growls to shrieks.
"'Hitos,' [the] fourth track of the album is having the forces of storms, sounds of heaven or hell,” the band say. “Total raw blast beats on drums, heartbreaking voices in harmony with deep black metal riffs."
SinnerAngel will release Sinister Decálogo on June 25. You can pre-order it here.
Both New Year's Eve College Football Playoff semifinals drew a bigger television and online audience than the games last season, but there were still far fewer people watching the games than when they were played on New Year's Day two seasons ago.
The Peach Bowl and Fiesta Bowl semifinals on Saturday together drew total live audience of 19.7 million and an 11.0 overnight TV rating, ESPN said Sunday. According to the network, the total viewers increased by 14 percent from last season's semifinals, which also were played on New Year's Eve.
Alabama's 24-7 Peach Bowl victory against Washington, which kicked off around 3:15 p.m. ET, drew an 11.5 overnight rating for ESPN and ESPN2 and 19.8 million total viewers, including those who streamed the game online. The total audience increased 24 percent compared to last season's early semifinal, Oklahoma-Clemson.
Clemson's 31-0 win over Ohio State in the Fiesta Bowl, which kicked off around 7:15 p.m. ET, had a total live audience of 19.6 million and got a 10.5 overnight rating, ESPN said. The audience increased 4 percent from the late time slot last season, when Alabama shut out Michigan State.
ESPN said the TV-only audiences were up 23 percent for the early game and 3 percent for the late game, and both games set streaming records. Both games, like last season, were blowouts, making it difficult to reach the marks set in the playoff's first year.
"It's nice to know that more people watched the semifinals this year than last year," said Bill Hancock, executive director of the College Football Playoff. "Nice to know that the format change we made last year – that the semifinals will be either on a Saturday or national holiday – will allow more people to watch the games."
After ratings and viewership plunged by 34 percent from the first playoff to the second, conference commissioners who manage the postseason system decided to move future dates for semifinals off New Year's Eve when it falls on a weekday.
This year's games were also played an hour earlier, so the later game didn't bump up against the stroke of midnight on the East Coast.
The original plan for the College Football Playoff was to play the semifinals on New Year's Eve eight times during a 12-year contract with ESPN that pays $470 million annually. The revised schedule moved games off that date to they could be played on Saturdays in 2018, 2019, 2024 and 2025.
Another scheduling move paid off for ESPN and the CFP this season. The Orange Bowl was originally set to be played in the early afternoon of Dec. 31, but was instead pushed back to Friday night. The Michigan-Florida State game, won 33-32 by the Seminoles , drew 11.7 million viewers, making it the second-most watched non-playoff game this season behind Michigan-Ohio State.
Total viewership for the New Year's Six bowls is up 27 percent. The Cotton, Rose and Sugar bowls will be played Monday and all broadcast on ESPN.
Next season, the semifinals move back to New Year's Day at the Rose Bowl and Sugar Bowl.
Total TV viewership for the first College Football Playoff semifinals, which matched Heisman Trophy winners Jameis Winston of Florida State and Marcus Mariota of Oregon in the Rose Bowl and Ohio State and Alabama in the Sugar Bowl was approximately 28.3 million. Last year it was about 18.6 million.
------
More AP college football: www.collegefootball.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP--Top25 .
SHANGHAI — The government of China awarded U.S. President Donald Trump valuable rights to his own name this week, in the form of a 10-year trademark for construction services.
The registration became official on Feb. 14 and was published in a trademark registration announcement on the website of China's Trademark Office on Wednesday.
This may well be the first foreign trademark to be handed to Trump during his presidency, but is unlikely to be the last. In China alone he has 49 pending trademark applications and 77 marks already registered in his own name, most of which will come up for renewal during his term.
Critics say Trump's global intellectual property interests could be used by foreign states as leverage over the president and may violate the emoluments clause of the U.S. Constitution, which bars public servants from accepting anything of value from foreign governments unless explicitly approved by Congress. These concerns are particularly sharp in China, where the courts and bureaucracy reflect the will of the ruling Communist Party.
The registration this week came as a surprise win for Trump after a decade of trying — and failing — to wrest the rights to his name back from a man named Dong Wei. The abrupt turn in Trump's bureaucratic fortunes once he declared his candidacy has raised questions about the extent to which his political status may be helping his family business.
Any special treatment from China would mean that Trump effectively accepted a present from Beijing, an act that would violate the Constitution, Richard Painter, chief White House ethics lawyer under President George W. Bush, said in an email. "A different conclusion might be reached if Trump had been treated like everyone else seeking a trademark, but the evidence does not point in that direction."
Alan Garten, chief legal officer of The Trump Organization, said Trump's trademark activity in China predates his election. Trump has turned management of his company over to his children and a team of executives in order to remove himself from his business and its trademark portfolio, he added.
China's State Administration for Industry and Commerce, which oversees the Trademark Office, and the foreign ministry could not be reached for comment Wednesday.
___
Associated Press researcher Fu Ting in Shanghai contributed to this report.
BURNSVILLE, Minn. (WCCO) — Normally security cameras are installed to catch bad or illegal acts. But a couple in Burnsville caught something else on their camera when their children got a surprise visit from a police officer.
Becky Heinz and her children, 4-year-old Elizabeth and 2-year-old Samuel, often play in the front yard. But last week, something special happened.
“There was a policeman that was up the street responding to a call and when he pulled away he stopped and saw the kids, they were playing with, I think it was plastic golf clubs,” Heinz said.
So he gave the kiddos some toy balls.
“He asked them what they were doing, what they were playing with and you know, you need golf balls if you're gonna play golf,” Heinz said.
Heinz says since the officer's good deed was caught on their surveillance camera, her husband decided to share it on YouTube, because he feels our police don't get enough of the praise that they deserve.
“We thought it was pretty cool. Samuel wants to be a police officer when he grows up, so it was pretty cool for him right?” Heinz said.
“I just saw it and I thought it was a great opportunity and they had golf clubs out, which I'm a big golfer,” Officer Shawn Mahaney said.
Mahaney didn't know about the YouTube post until Burnsville police tracked him down Monday.
He says he was surprised at first, but leaving a positive impact has always been a big part of his job.
“It's something pretty special for our job. You get to be that positive note, maybe put a smile on their face for that day,” he said. “So it's something unique that we get to do with our job which I really enjoy.”
Acting-President, Yemi Osinbajo has said that the federal government will develop thermal power plants in Egbema local government area of Imo State as it seeks to beef up electricity supply in the country. He said this in Owerri at a stakeholders' forum on sustainable development in the Niger-Delta region. Osinbajo said the development of the […]
Sixteen-year-old Murad Rahimov peered down into a gigantic space he had only dreamed about before: the world's largest clean room, kept scrupulously free of any dust or contamination, where NASA assembles and tests spacecraft before launch.
Murad's eyes gleamed and a smile played on his face as he took it all in — the scientists encased in sterile white suits; the replica of the massive new space telescope, the most powerful ever built, that will study the first galaxies born after the Big Bang.
Murad is obsessed with space. He has been ever since he was three, back in his home country Uzbekistan. His young imagination was sparked when his aunt gave him a picture book about space, and he couldn't stop looking at the images of the solar system. Soon after, he told his parents his dream: He wanted to become an astronaut and work for NASA.
On this recent day, he was getting a private tour of NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt, Md., thanks to an NPR listener who heard about Murad's passion for space in a story that aired earlier this year. In January, NPR profiled the Rahimov family on the day they became naturalized as U.S. citizens. The Rahimovs immigrated to the U.S. from Uzbekistan in 2010, when Murad was nine. When they first landed in Kansas City, Murad spoke no English. Now, heading into his junior year of high school, he's on an accelerated track, taking extra classes in the summer and packing his schedule with AP courses.
Listener Aaron Schnittman heard that story on the radio, and his ears perked up when he heard that Murad's goal is to work for NASA. He emailed NPR that same day, that his brother is a research astronomer working for NASA at Goddard. "I think it would be a cool follow up to connect the son to my brother and help him make the connections needed to pursue studies in astronomy," he wrote.
Cool, indeed. The connection was made, emails were exchanged, and last week, at the invitation of Jeremy Schnittman, Murad and his mother, Limara Rahimova, made the trip to Goddard outside Washington, D.C. Schnittman, an astrophysicist who specializes in black holes, spent several hours showing the Rahimovs the inner workings of the space flight center and sharing his enthusiasm for space science.
Murad was clearly in his element, sporting a t-shirt with a picture of the Millennium Falcon spaceship from Star Wars, and a line from the movie: "the fastest hunk of junk in the galaxy."
He and his mother got to see the giant cryo-vac chamber where spacecraft are tested to find out if they'll withstand the extreme temperatures of space. They walked inside the acoustic chamber that blasts spacecraft with earsplitting sound to simulate the vibration of launch. They toured the laser lab where scientists are fine-tuning measurements to detect gravitational waves. "Amazing," Murad marveled.
Back in his office, ("black hole central," as he calls it) Schnittman talked with Murad about his research into how light gets bent around black holes. Naturally, they both share a hero in Albert Einstein, whose photo Schnittman keeps pinned above his desk. "It's remarkable," Schnittman said. "It's over 100 years since Einstein did all of this stuff, and still, everything is Einstein. Einstein, Einstein, Einstein."
When Murad mused about the possibilities of time travel, Schnittman sounded optimistic. "It's really not that much of a stretch to say that we're one step closer to time travel," he told Murad. "This is something that Einstein predicted 100 years ago. According to the theory, the equations, time travel should be possible. The trick is just building it and getting it to work, but as far as we can tell, there's no rule against it."
The astrophysicist and the would-be astronaut parted ways with the promise to stay in touch.
Later Murad said he loves science because it shows "the sheer awesomeness, the sheer scale of how insignificant and alone we are in the universe. All these petty fights that people have between themselves, they are just insignificant. When you start thinking about space, you get lost in the vastness of it. That's what captivates me the most."
Now that he's a U.S. citizen, he believes his dream of becoming an astronaut is more within reach. He and his brother automatically became citizens when their parents did. Murad was at school the day they took the oath: "I came home and looked at my parents, and felt all this pride," he said. "You could sense that something has changed. They were smiling from ear to ear."
For his mother, Limara, becoming a U.S. citizen has grounded her in a new way. "I felt before like I'm between countries," she said. "But now I feel like I'm staying ...both my feet here in this land."
Limara works at a school, and each morning they all stand for the pledge of allegiance. Before, she said, "it didn't touch me. But now, yes! And I know what each word in the pledge of allegiance means. And it means, for me, a lot."
As for Murad? The rising high school junior has his sights set on going to Cal Tech, and on the Mars mission he dreams of one day leading. "Some people, they tell me to try to get a real job," he said, "of maybe not shooting so high. But nah. I'm shooting for it. I'm gonna chase my dreams."
Meantime, there's a celestial show about to happen, one he's been excited about for years: the total solar eclipse.
Murad's hometown, Kansas City, is a perfect spot to see it: right in the path of totality.
Next Monday he will be outside, watching in awe as the moon slides over the sun, and dreaming big dreams of space.
PORTLAND, Ore. (AP) – Despite a more than $400 million in budget increases this year for Oregon Public Schools, many districts have been forced to trim teaching positions and programs.
The Oregonian/OregonLive reports (http://bit.ly/2uHwIKQ ) escalating personnel costs, including for employee pensions and other retirement costs, have put the state's school systems in a financial bind.
Oregon's largest district, Portland Public Schools, will receive $29 million more from the state school fund this year than last. District budget chief Ryan Dutcher says the increase in funding is not enough to cover rising salary and pension expenses, with retirement costs alone surging by $18 million. As a result, 55 fewer teachers will work at district's 77 schools this fall.
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Business urges guarantee for EU employees
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Why it matters to you RadioShack's online auction will allow you to pick up a cheap piece of (slightly oddball) tech history.
RadioShack, the onetime consumer electronics giant that started out in 1921, was pretty much gutted in recent years when it filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy. If you want to relive its heyday, however, you can now do so courtesy of a massive estate sale that's running through July 3.
Want to pick up the GRiDPad, the world's first touchscreen tablet, which arrived 21 years before the iPad first shipped? How about a TRS-80 Model 100, a notebook-style computer with a liquid crystal display that dates all the way back to 1983? Maybe some Tandy computer software is more your thing? If that's not enough, what about a bust of Charles Tandy himself, the Tandy Corporation founder who passed away in 1978? You might even want to cap it off with a massive RadioShack metal sign to hang over your desk?
If those are a little bit too obvious for you, you can also bid on your very own, lovingly painted portrait of George W. Bush (yes, really!), some framed magazine covers from 1995, your very own photo of a now-defunct RadioShack board of directors, or a mystery box of “historical artifacts” — which may or may not include pictures of ex-presidents, magazine covers, and RadioShack executive boards.
In essence, it's the world's geekiest flea market, full of assorted miscellanea that reminds you just how depressingly quickly things can sometimes move in the world of tech. Sure, some people are going to remember RadioShack as being the Blockbuster Video of electronic gadgetry, but nothing says “sad end to a once-respected company” like its possessions being sold off to the highest bidder by an auction house that specializes in business liquidation.
If you've got any nostalgia for the days in which we went into brick-and-mortar stores to buy things, rather than just hitting them up on Amazon, this is well worth a look. Best of all, you don't need to go to a physical auction house, since you can do the whole bidding process online. (And, yes, we get the irony of that!)
ROSEVILLE, Minn. (WCCO) — For decades, National Geographic photographers have opened people's eyes to the plight of our planet.
“I did 105 species of parrots in five days,” photographer Joel Sartore said as he set up for his latest shoot.
The Nebraska native has traveled the world on assignment for the magazine, but on Thursday, Sartore brought his camera to Minnesota.
“There are millions of other species we share this planet with and they all are deserving of the chance to survive,” he said.
That's the gist of his latest, perhaps most impressive project, called Animal Ark. A few years back he set out to capture thousands of vivid images of birds and reptiles, mammals and insects.
The ultimate goal is to draw attention to disappearing and threatened species. Sartore hopes his photos will get us to care.
“We're trying to get the 15,000 species that are routinely in human care around the world. From elephants all the way down to termites,” Sartore said.
He traveled to Roseville's Wildlife Rehabilitation Center to see five unique species he has yet to photograph anywhere else.
In a tiny white tent that serves as his portable studio, the creatures were carefully placed inside. Only the lens of his camera peered through a slot in the fabric so as not to startle the small birds and mammal. It also helped reveal each creature's unique personality.
Joel said it's vital to capture clear images of the eyes, which speak to and connect with the emotions of observing humans.
“Unless we really look at these animals around us as something special, something that makes us awestruck, we're going to lose them,” WRC executive director Phil Jenni said.
The finished images are simple yet stunningly beautiful. Sartore's subjects at WRC included a Lincoln's sparrow, Wilson's snipe, hermit thrush and red-fox squirrel with a leucistic (white) tail.
Each was photographed against a plain white or black background to keep attention focused on nature's creature.
“A lot of the species we get in people don't even have a chance to see when out in their back yards,” Renee Schott, WRC's medical director, said.
As a senior veterinarian, Schott's goal is to minimize the animal's stress level. They worked quickly to assure that's the case.
“It's really cool. You see what he can do and you see them in a different light in the photo versus even when I have them in my hand,” Schott said.
Like the incredibly fine detail in the feathers of a tiny sedge wren, just one more example of nature's beauty, for all to cherish and protect.
“Because when they're thriving, we thrive. We need a healthy earth, healthy environment to support us. So when we're saving these other species we're saving ourselves,” Sartore said.
One precious creature at a time. For more information about the project and to see Joel Sartore's work to date, click here.
NEWS REPORT: All fans can get themselves the original Salming merchandise line for the season's pinnacle event in Budapest
Official merchandise for TIPPMIX EHF FINAL4 launches
The draw for the TIPPMIX EHF FINAL4 in Budapest on Tuesday, 18 April also saw the launch of the event's new clothing range.
The new offering will be available to fans to purchase online on www.salminghandball.com and on site at the Papp Laszlo Budapest Sportarena on 6 and 7 May in the Hungarian capital.
The Official TIPPMIX EHF FINAL4 2017 merchandise collection has been developed together with Salming, the official Sports Outfitter of the EHF Champions League and consists of a women's tee, a women's hood, a men's tee as well as a men's hood.
As all items are produced by Salming, they were designed with a lot of attitude and confidence. They feature exclusive details such as the woven competition badge and logo prints.
The prices for the merchandise range from 20 € to 50 € and offer a great chance for fans to get themselves a nice memory of the event.
TEXT:
By Marcia Dunn | Associated Press
CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. — NASA's new boss is already getting cheers from space.
Immediately after being sworn into office Monday by Vice President Mike Pence, NASA Administrator Jim Bridenstine took a call from the three U.S. astronauts at the International Space Station who offered “hearty congratulations.” The Oklahoma congressman became the 13th administrator of NASA, filling a position that had been vacant for more than a year.
Start your day with the news you need from the Bay Area and beyond.
Sign up for our new Morning Report weekday newsletter.
“America loves what you guys are doing,” Bridenstine, a former naval aviator, told the astronauts. He promised to do his best “as we reach for new heights and reveal the unknown for the benefit of humankind.”
This is the 60th anniversary year for NASA.
Bridenstine is the first elected official to lead NASA, something that had bogged down his nomination last year by President Donald Trump. The Senate approved his nomination last week by a narrow vote of 50-49. Monday's swearing-in ceremony took place at NASA headquarters in Washington.
Pence noted that the space agency, under Bridenstine's direction, will work to get astronauts back to the moon and then, with help from commercial space and international partners, on to Mars.
“NASA will lead the way,” said Pence, who heads the newly resurrected National Space Council.
Charles Bolden Jr., a former space shuttle commander and major general in the Marines, was NASA's last official administrator. The space agency was led by Acting Administrator Robert Lightfoot in the interim. Lightfoot retires from NASA at the end of this month.
BofA profits rise 40% as post-crisis earnings rebound continues
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
ZURICH — FIFA has dropped referee Fahad Al Mirdasi from the World Cup after he was banned from football for life in Saudi Arabia over match fixing.
The Saudi Arabian Football Federation said two weeks ago that Fahad Al Mirdasi asked for money to help a team win a cup final.
Now FIFA says its referees' committee has decided that his conditions to be selected for the World Cup in Russia "are not satisfied anymore."
As a result, the entire Saudi refereeing team has been removed from the tournament, including two assistants.
Thirteen-year-old Benje Choucroun, visiting the White House press room Wednesday to report for the Time for Kids program, had a question for press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders.
"At my school, we recently had a lockdown drill," Choucroun says in a video of the exchange, as he reads from a piece of paper. "One thing that affects mine and other students' mental health is the worry about the fact that we or our friends could get shot at school. Specifically, can you tell me what the administration has done and will do to prevent these senseless tragedies?"
The normally unflappable Sanders, a mother of three, seems taken aback in the video.
“As a kid and certainly as a parent, there is nothing that can be more terrifying than a kid to go to school and not feel safe," she says, her voice quavering.
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
Regaining her composure, Sanders continues, “This administration takes it seriously, and the school safety commission that the president convened is meeting this week again in an official meeting to discuss the best way forward and how we can do every single thing within our power to protect kids in our schools, and make them feel safe and their parents feel good about dropping them off."
Choucroun, a student at Marin Country Day School in Corte Madera, California, is in Washington, D.C., covering the White House sports and fitness day for Time for Kids, reported USA Today.
Time editor-in-chief Edward Felsenthal praised Choucroun on Twitter for the exchange, calling it “a great question.”
Proud today that @time has a deep bench. Great question from TFK kid reporter Benje Choucroun. https://t.co/sZI3Ox7VoT — Edward Felsenthal (@efelsenthal) May 30, 2018
We'll assume we have your consent to use cookies, for example so you won't need to log in each time you visit our site.
Learn more
Agree
TORONTO — A man who is already serving consecutive life sentences for two separate murders goes to trial today in Toronto charged in the death of his father.
Dellen Millard is charged with first-degree murder in the death of Wayne Millard, who was found dead in his bed in November 2012, a bullet lodged in his brain.
The death of the wealthy 71-year-old businessman was initially ruled a suicide, but two years later, police charged his son with murder.
Dellen Millard has pleaded not guilty and will be tried by judge alone.
EXPLORING: British backpackers Hannah Flint and Sean Ryan soak up the sun in the Whitsundays.
EXPLORING: British backpackers Hannah Flint and Sean Ryan soak up the sun in the Whitsundays. Jacob Wilson
THERE aren't too many places in the world that boast the beautiful sunny weather of the Whitsundays.
This is one of the many things that has drawn backpackers from far and wide to see the best of what Airlie Beach and the broader region have to offer.
English tourists Hannah and Sean have seen this for themselves, embarking on a trip along the east coast of Australia after hearing all about it from their friends.
And when they return home, they will be sure to pass on the message about this beautiful tropical paradise.
How long have you been in Airlie Beach?
Hannah: We got here on Friday. We are here for about a week.
What do you like most about the Whitsundays?
Sean: It is really chilled out and nice.
Hannah: We love the weather, it is chill and everyone is nice.
What is your favourite attraction?
Hannah: The lagoon, it is nice in there. We will also be going over to the islands on the boat on Tuesday. We will be doing the whole lot over three days and two nights.
What are your plans while you are in Australia?
Hannah: We were working and living in Sydney and we have been living in Australia for almost six months now. Now we are doing an east coast trip all the way up to Cairns. Altogether we will be in Australia for six months.
What would be your top travel tip for people visiting the Whitsundays?
Sean: Don't plan much, just do whatever you want.
Hannah: Yes, just go with the flow. It is easy to just get a camper and drive.
What is the weirdest thing you have found about Australia?
Sean: It would have to be drinking shots at the bar.
Hannah: Yeah, you are not allowed to take your shots away, you have to drink them at the bar.
What are some similarities and differences between Australia and England?
Sean: Just the weather, England is really
cold.
Would you recommend to your friends to come and visit?
Hannah: A lot of them are already here anyway, a few friends have travelled here and done it and are still here. They made us do it. So I would recommend it.
The city has become a hotbed for political violence in the era of Donald Trump.
BERKELEY, California — A rally organized by alt-right Trump supporters — and a subsequent counter-protest from their opponents on the far left — descended into chaos and open street brawling here Saturday, in what has become a monthly ritual of political violence in this Bay Area college town. Both pro- and anti-Trump protesters arrived Saturday armed with shields and helmets, apparently ready for a fight. In fact, the fight seemed to be the reason many came out. Throughout the day, the two sides fought using wooden poles, pepper spray, mace, explosives, bagels, milk, and fists, bloodying their opponents in the melee. In conversations with BuzzFeed News, each side claimed that the other provoked the violence.
By mid-afternoon, the dueling protesters were screaming insults at each other over a flaming pile of trash and using a dumpster as a battering ram. Police were nowhere in sight. It's become a familiar scene in Berkeley. Long a bastion of liberal activism — and the birthplace of the Free Speech Movement — the city has emerged as a hotbed for political violence since the election of President Donald Trump. A rally organized by Trump supporters last month similarly broke into chaos, with hundreds of pro- and anti-Trump demonstrators using pepper spray, wooden poles, and bricks to fight each other. In February, the University of California, Berkeley was forced to cancel a speech by former Breitbart writer Milo Yiannapoulos after protesters swarmed the campus with Molotov cocktails and weapons. The incident became a flashpoint for conservative media, and prompted Trump to tweet a threat to cut federal funding from the university.
Like the March event, Saturday's pro-Trump rally was organized in part as a response to the Milo protests. Billed as a free speech rally, the demonstration was planned by Rich Black, a member of the Proud Boys, an alt-right group created by Gavin McInnes. Bay Area anti-Trump activists quickly assembled a counter-demonstration, promising to use “black bloc” tactics to shut down the alt-right event. About 200 and 300 people showed up for the dueling demonstrations in Berkeley's Civic Center Park Saturday. By Sunday night, 23 people had been arrested. The fighting started early. Shortly after the rally began, protesters from both sides stood yelling at each other from opposing sides of temporary orange police fences. Police lined the perimeter, but that didn't stop a protester from reaching over to push a man in a Make America Great Again hat. When the man pushed back, one threw a punch, and the barrier quickly came down.
Initially, police attempted to break up these types of fights. But as the rally moved from the park into the streets, and then toward the downtown BART station, law enforcement were surprisingly absent from the scene. Protesters stomped one another into the concrete, using pepper spray and wooden poles. One fight entangled dozens of people along a sidewalk.
Absolutely chaotic scenes in Berkeley where pro- & anti-Trump protesters are clashing. @BuzzFeedNews also on scene:… https://t.co/ZqxbREfs79
In perhaps the most frightening — and puzzling — moment, a smoke bomb went off, scattering demonstrators from both sides. In the ensuing confusion and smoke clouds, the alt-right regrouped faster than their counterparts, and advanced in a mob, punching people, throwing them to the ground, and beating them with sticks. Black-clad leftist demonstrators started running, and the group of Trump supporters — about 50 people — gave chase up Center street, shouting. In their path was an upturned stainless steel pot of just-cooked pinto beans, which one conservative quickly fashioned into a weapon. (You can see the pot fly into the air in the video below at about the 1:05 mark.)
Berkeley Antifa Beatdown - #stickman, #antifagirl, #hairyantifagirl, #SJW, #batteryforberkley, #antifa,… https://t.co/aAkiArhLcL
Several notable alt-right figures were in attendance. Nathan Damigo, the founder of the white supremacist group Identity Evropa, punched a woman straight in the face. Kyle Chapman, a local alt-right folk hero known as Based Stickman, was also in the mix, dressed for combat in a helmet, elbow pads, and heavy kilt. Anthime Gionet — another alt-right writer (and former BuzzFeed employee) who goes by the name Baked Alaska — livestreamed the violence, trolllng anti-Trump protesters by offering them a can of Pepsi. Several alt-right bloggers were scheduled to speak at Black's rally, including Irma Hinojosa, a member of Latinos for Trump; the Manspot, a hyper-virile personality who comments on the US military; and Brittany Pettibone, who writes about Pizzagate and "white genocide." Stewart Rhodes, a leader of the Oath Keepers militia group was also in town, ostensibly to protect the Trump supporters. Many of the Trump supporters appeared to have come to Berkeley from other places: In an informal survey of ten alt-righters, several said they had come from Southern California, and some said they lived further north in California; one had traveled from Rhode Island. For the alt-right Trump supporters, Berkeley appeared to be a symbol of liberal censorship. "It's exactly the place we need to go," Lauren Southern, a libertarian writer and one of Saturday's speakers, told me. "We need to be in places where they want to make it so we're afraid to speak our minds. This is the main place that needs defending."
It's worth noting that several alt-righters were giving Nazi salutes:
So nuts to see Trump supporters of color next to guys sieg heiling.
Straight up nazis in Berkeley. Guy on left said he was a "national socialist.
The anti-Trump demonstrators — a group largely made up of a cadre of liberal activists who call themselves anti-fascists or "antifa" — were less identifiable. Many showed up dressed in black and balaclavas, a black bloc tactic aimed at obscuring their identities from the police. They were hostile to cameras for the same reason. According to black bloc demonstrators, the group, often associated with anarchist movements, lacks a centralized organization. Instead, the activists show up largely organically in response to other events, and engage in what they call "direct action," which often entails property damage or physical confrontation, instead of dialogue and peaceful protest.
The anti-Trump protesters were keen to label their alt-right opponents bigots and racists, cheering "Two, four, six, eight, America was never great!" and the "No KKK! No fascist USA! No Trump!"
One black bloc demonstrator told BuzzFeed News he had come out to demonstrate because "[the alt-right] are trying to build up a base here and get bigger in our community."
The alt-righters returned the jeers, with shouts of “Commies go home!” at the liberal activists. "Communism has infested the United States since the 1950s, especially at colleges, and most of all just a few blocks from here at UC Berkeley," Southern said in her speech Saturday. It's not necessarily a categorization self-described "antifa" would strongly deny.
The liberal protesters also skewed younger than the Trump supporters. I watched one young woman with green hair and sharp, slanted eye makeup tear up as she was arrested by Berkeley police. She didn't know how she had broken the law, she said, looking like she didn't quite know what she'd signed up for.
Unlike other recent demonstrations, though, the pro-Trump supporters seemed to outnumber liberal activists. By the end of the day Saturday, many on the alt-right claimed to have "won."
WE WON THE BATTLE OF BERKELEY!!
Still, it's not likely to be the last time protests turn violent in Berkeley this year. Ann Coulter is slated to speak on campus at the end of the month.
3:04 3 challenges to prosecuting hate crimes at the federal level Pause
2:05 Hate crimes carry 'different harm' than other crimes
2:34 Prosecuting hate crimes in Idaho
0:51 The day Idaho's Teton Dam broke
1:23 Truckstop.com now hiring in Boise
2:37 Chandler Hutchison: "We're just not making shots."
1:39 The aftermath of Idaho's Teton Dam collapse
2:55 University of Idaho President Chuck Staben on moving to the Big Sky Conference, Part 1
4:49 University of Idaho President Chuck Staben on moving to the Big Sky Conference, Part 2
Hacker Pleads Guilty to Yahoo Breach, Hit Half Billion Accounts
A Canadian man pleaded guilty Tuesday to charges stemming from a massive breach at Yahoo that authorities say was directed by two Russian intelligence agents and affected at least a half billion user accounts.
Karim Baratov appeared in a jail jumpsuit before a federal judge and entered the pleas to one count of conspiracy to commit computer fraud and abuse and eight counts of aggravated identity theft. He gave "yes" and "no" answers to questions from the judge about his pleas but said nothing more.
He is scheduled for sentencing on Feb. 20.
U.S. law enforcement officials call the 22-year-old Baratov a "hacker-for-hire" and say as part of his plea deal, he acknowledged hacking more than 11,000 webmail accounts on behalf of the Russian Federal Security Service, or FSB, and other customers from around 2010 until his March arrest.
Outside court Tuesday, Baratov's attorneys said their client hacked only eight accounts for the Russians and did not know that he was working for Russian agents connected to the Yahoo breach. Baratov was arrested in Hamilton, Ontario, and later agreed to forego an extradition hearing and face the U.S. charges.
"He's been transparent and forthright with the government since he got here," said one of his attorneys, Andrew Mancilla.
The Russian agents, Dmitry Dokuchaev and Igor Sushchin, used the information they stole from Yahoo to spy on Russian journalists, U.S. and Russian government officials and employees of financial services and other private businesses, according to prosecutors.
Dokuchaev, Sushchin and a third Russian national, Alexsey Belan, were also named in the indictment filed in February, though it's not clear whether they will ever set foot in an American courtroom since there's no extradition treaty with Russia.
Though the U.S. government had previously charged individual Russian hackers with cybercrime -- as well as hackers directly linked to the Chinese and Iranian governments -- this was the first criminal case to name as defendants sitting members of the FSB for hacking charges, the Justice Department said.
Yahoo user accounts began being compromised at least as early as 2014.
Dokuchaev and Sushchin turned to Baratov after learning that one of their targets had accounts at webmail providers other than Yahoo, prosecutors said.
© 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: iStock/Artist's concept.
0:41
Answers to solar eclipse questions you're too embarrassed to ask
2:03
McClatchy marks five years of captivity for journalist Austin Tice
7:26
Entertainment of Monday, 2 January 2017
Source: extremegh.com
2017-01-02
File photo
As the new year has started, several people have listed their resolutions and others have started working towards them.
Most of our Ghanaian celebrities took to their social media pages to wish Ghanaians and fans a happy new year.
Extremegh.com also wishes cherished readers A Happy New Year. Stick to us and expect great things from us this year.
Check out some of the posts of some top Ghanaian celebrities:
Happy new year !!!! 2017 is called the year of transformation,the year for every real hussler to make life better.. #Betterlivingyear — SHATTA WALE (@shattawalegh) December 31, 2016
Happy New Year.. 2017!! More Life More Blessings… #BhimNationPresident — LIVINGSTONE (@stonebwoyb) January 1, 2017
All I pray for us all is the wisdom & understanding going through Life ..2017 we all blessed … I love you all ?? #BeStrong God is with us — TheHighest (@sarkodie) January 1, 2017
Happy 2017 #hgf …. — SAMINI (@samini_dagaati) January 1, 2017
Happy New Year My friends
Be Kind, Be Brillaint , Be Blessed LOMI — E.L (@ELrepGH) December 31, 2016
Dear Reader,
As you can imagine, more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before. Nevertheless, traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications, like ours, are being forced to look for new ways to keep going. Unlike many other news organizations, we have not put up a paywall. We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analyses from the frontlines of Israel, the Middle East and the Jewish World.
As one of our loyal readers, we ask you to be our partner.
For $5 a month you will receive access to the following:
A user uxperience almost completely free of ads
Access to our Premium Section and our monthly magazine to learn Hebrew, Ivrit
Content from the award-winning Jerusalem Repor
A brand new ePaper featuring the daily newspaper as it appears in print in Israel
Help us grow and continue telling Israel's story to the world.
Thank you,
Ronit Hasin-Hochman, CEO, Jerusalem Post Group
Yaakov Katz, Editor-in-Chief
The Los Osos teen accused of the fatal hit-and-run of Cal Poly student Kennedy Love made her first San Luis Obispo Superior Court appearance Thursday, three days after the county District Attorney's Office successfully petitioned to have her tried as an adult.
Gianna Catherine Brencola, 18, faces four felony charges, including vehicular manslaughter without gross negligence, driving under the influence, and hit-and-run resulting in death or injury.
The hit-and-run charge carries a minimum sentence of two years in state prison and a maximum of four years. The other charges carry sentence ranges spanning from 16 months to four years.
Brencola was arrested Aug. 29 after witnesses told San Luis Obispo police they saw somebody matching her description behind the wheel of a vehicle that struck Love, a San Diego native who was a third-year landscape architecture student at Cal Poly, as he was riding his bicycle along Foothill Boulevard near Ferrini Road.
Never miss a local story. Sign up today for unlimited digital access to our website, apps, the digital newspaper and more. SUBSCRIBE NOW
Witnesses said the vehicle pulled into a nearby parking lot, where two women got out and examined the damage before getting back in the car and driving off.
Police later found the vehicle abandoned on Tassajara Drive.
Brencola, who appeared alongside her hired counsel Paul Phillips, did not enter a plea but acknowledged she understood her rights when asked by Judge Dodie Harman.
Harman set the matter for further arraignment Tuesday, when parties also will discuss where Brencola is being housed. She is currently being held by juvenile services on $195,000 bail.
A search of court records reveals Brencola was cited for speeding on Oct. 4, 2016; the citation states she was driving in excess of 70 mph in a 50 mph zone along Los Osos Valley Road.
MUSIC: Mr. Ben – Saga Dance
Mr. Ben is a talented Nigerian Afro Pop singer from Benue state, He is currently based in Abuja. He has been in the industry for sometime now and has always put out good music to the delight of his fans and critics as well. He Releases His first Music for the Year Titled “Saga Dance”.
One good thing about this extremely talented act is that he's always working round the clock, so sit back relax and grab a glass of wine as Mr. Ben makes your day with his musical prowess.
Download and ENJOY.
https://www.360nobs.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/Mr.-Ben-Saga-Dance.mp3
Note: There is a file embedded within this post, please visit this post to download the file.
The post MUSIC: Mr. Ben – Saga Dance appeared first on 360Nobs.com.
This post was syndicated from 360Nobs.com. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
British Daniel Richard Leeming Jones is escorted by the police during his trial, after he was found guilty of producing pornography, at the Siem Reap provincial Court, Cambodia March 20, 2018. Source: Reuters/Stringer
22 Social Buzz
A British man arrested in Cambodia for producing pornography after photographing a party game was found guilty on Tuesday and sentenced to one year in jail.
Judge Um Chan Thol suspended ten months of the one-year sentence, ordering Daniel Jones to serve just one month and 22 days as his act of producing pornography “unintentional.”
“The accused said he unintentionally produced pornography that affects Khmer culture,” the judge said while reading his verdict, referring to Cambodia.
SEE ALSO: Tourists arrested in Cambodia for ‘pornographic' dancing
Jones was arrested along with nine other foreigners on Jan 25 after police raided a social event for backpackers in Siem Reap, home to the ruins of famed Angkor Wat temple. The event was called “Pub Crawl or Let's Get Wet.”
Only Jones, who has had denied producing pornography, faced trial as the charges against the other nine foreigners were dropped and they were deported.
“There was no evidence against my client,” said his lawyer, Ouch Sopheaktra. “As a lawyer, I am not happy with this decision.”
Authorities said the group danced provocatively at a pool party and posted pictures of themselves dancing on social media.
SEE ALSO: Asian locations dominate top spots on Unesco sites ranking
Following the raid, Cambodian police released images online that appeared to show clothed and laughing tourists imitating sexual positions.
Cambodia is a conservative Buddhist country and has been clamping down on visitors posting revealing images of themselves at temple sites. Tourists showing cleavage or wearing skimpy clothes have been banned from the Angkor temple complex since August 2016.
In 2015, several tourists were arrested for taking naked photographs at the complex. They received suspended sentences and were expelled from Cambodia.
Additional reporting by Reuters
How to stop wasting money on security shelfware
Investing in security tools that end-up on the shelf or underutilised is not inevitable, and it can be reduced or even eliminated by some proactive and surprisingly simple first steps.
Shelfware is the big security problem that no one wants to talk about. Loosely defined as technology that remains unused, underutilized or implemented incorrectly, it is the elephant in the room for many chief information security officers (CISOs).
A 2015 survey by Osterman Research, sponsored by Trustwave, illustrated just how bad the problem is. In a report of 172 small-, medium- and large-sized enterprises, researchers found that those investing in new security controls often ended up underutilizing the technologies in which they just invested -- or simply not using them at all.
Osterman found this to be true with at least 30 percent of the respondents. In some companies, survey respondents said nearly 30 percent of all new security investments were not being used at all or were underutilized. One company surveyed said 60 percent of its security software was shelfware.
"We expected some security software on the shelf,” said Josh Shaul, Trustwave's vice president of product management at the time. “What we found was companies are pouring money down the drain."
How common is shelfware?
Shelfware is a common concern for many businesses, and it is often the result of little to no vendor consultation, too much emphasis on compliance before security and an unawareness of what the technology can truly do.
Indeed, a previous 451 Research report suggested that shelfware often resulted from over-hyped products, or solutions lacking features, and pointed to security information and event management (SIEM) and intrusion detection system (IDS) solutions as the most underused technologies. Many believe SIEM has long failed to live up to its marketing hype, while Target supposedly spent over $1 million on an anti-malware solution poorly configured at the time of its 2013 data breach.
Users and vendors have different views of why products are not used or underutilized. Credit: IDG Worldwide. (Click for larger image).
This brings the question as to how such hi-tech solutions end up gathering dust. “The top three reasons from a customer perspective that security software ends up on the shelf is they only purchased it to satisfy a compliance or regulatory demand; internal organizational politics got in the way (or a lack of clarity of use and business alignment), and not enough time or expertise to implement properly,” says Javvad Malik, security advocate at Alienvault.
He argues it's hard to change as far as compliance is concerned but says for the other two reasons, “It illustrates tactical purchasing or inheriting security technologies that have no place in the overall security strategy. There's some shelfware that I've seen that literally has never been deployed and only purchased to satisfy an auditor.”
1 2 3 Next Page
Contracts will result in more than a million smart meters being rolled out across Australia and New Zealand
The Clean Energy Finance Corp (CEFC) has pumped $35 million in debt funding into smart meter technology provider intelliHUB.
intelliHUB is a joint venture between Pacific Equity Partners and global smart meter company Landis+Gyr, which is acquiring Acumen, Origin Energy's $267 million smart meter business unit.
The CEFC investment is part of a debt finance package to support the Acumen acquisition and intelliHUB's growth plans. The CEFC is a Government-owned 'green bank' that was established to facilitate increased flows of finance into the clean energy sector.
Acumen has already installed 170,000 smart meters for Origin customers and this is expected to grow as ‘power of choice' reforms are rolled out. These reforms, introduced last December, require all new and replacement electricity meters to use smart technology to give consumers more control over their energy use.
The joint venture has long term contracts with Origin Energy and other retailers that it says will result in the rollout and management of more than a million smart meters across Australia and New Zealand.
This investment is the latest in the grid and storage technology space following equity investments in Greensync, Redback, Relectrify and Thinxtra. The CEFC has also provided finance to Lincoln Gap Wind farm in South Australia, DeGrussa Mine in WA and Kennedy Energy Park in QLD, which all have a battery storage component.
CEFC CEO Ian Learmonth said smart meters give energy consumers better control over their consumption, which is essential for lowering carbon emissions.
“They also give consumers the ability to better understand where and how they can benefit from behind-the-meter solar photovoltaic and energy storage solutions,” he said.
“Electricity is one of the largest sources of emissions for Australia. It's essential that we address this by acting right across the energy market. This includes investing in more renewable energy as well as implementing a range of proven measures to lower day-to-day energy consumption.”
CEFC grid solutions and storage lead, Simon Brooker added that there are around 9 million metering points in the national electricity market and by accelerating their conversion to smarter technologies, consumers will benefit from more meaningful information relating to their energy consumption.
“These customers will be better informed when considering investment in solar and storage solutions by matching system specifications to actual consumption patterns. Through improved data provision, electricity network operators will be able to harness greater insights to enable the smoother operation of the energy grid – facilitating improved integration of renewables and energy storage,” Learmouth said.
Follow CIO Australia on Twitter and Like us on Facebook… Twitter: @CIO_Australia, Facebook: CIO Australia, or take part in the CIO conversation on LinkedIn: CIO Australia
Follow Byron Connolly on Twitter: @ByronConnolly
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
Blimp tows water skier for nearly 7 miles to set world record LAKE ELSINORE, Calif. — Yes, that was a blimp towing a water skier across the surface of a Southern California lake. The Press-Enterprise reports the blimp towed skier Kari McCollum...
Google co-founder is quietly building the world's biggest airship Google co-founder Sergey Brin is working on a high-tech airship in Silicon Valley — a behemoth that will be the largest aircraft in the world, according to a report. “It's...
Google co-founder is building a blimp Google co-founders Larry Page and Sergey Brin have got flying on the brain. On Wednesday, just two days after Page's Kitty Hawk startup published a video of a “flying car”...
This is the worst crash landing ever The world's longest aircraft is the butt of yet another joke. The Airlander 10 — nicknamed the “flying bum” for resembling a massive derriere — made a cartoonish slow-motion nosedive...
Runaway Army blimp was missing its batteries, report finds An Army blimp that broke loose in Maryland in October stayed airborne for hours because someone failed to put batteries in its automatic-deflation device, The Los Angeles Times reported Sunday....
Questions are being asked about an increase in dog fouling in part of Hawick previously relatively untroubled by that problem.
Hawick and Hermitage councillor Davie Paterson has been contacted by residents of the town's Melgund Place concerned about a recent increase in the amount of dog dirt being deposited there.
Some have suggested that, because the problem isn't a long-standing one, it could be down to a new resident allowing a pet to foul and not picking up after it.
Mr Paterson, a long-time campaigner against dog fouling, is keen to get to the bottom of the mystery and is appealing to townsfolk to report any irresponsible owners not cleaning up after their pets.
He said: “People in the Melgund Place area tell me that they have never had a problem with dogs fouling in this area before. It just seems to be a new thing, and they want it stopped now.
“They are wondering if it is someone new to this area that is allowing their dogs to foul and failing to clean up after them.
“I have contacted Scottish Borders Council and the police about this, and I would urge members of the public if they witness any dog owner failing to clean up after their pet to please contact the council or the police with as much information as possible about the owners and the dog and time of day that they witnessed it.
“I have passed the information on from a concerned constituent, so hopefully we will get some action soon.”
A council spokesman said: “Dog fouling is unpleasant and a health hazard. Most dog owners are responsible and clean up after their dogs, but some don't. It is our policy to deal with those that do not.
“You must clean up after your dog on pavements, roads, footpaths, parks, football pitches, communal land, back greens, stairs, closes and any land that is open to the public.
“People who do not clean up after their dog can receive a fixed penalty of £80.”
“People who do not clean up after their dog are committing an offence under the 2003 Dog Fouling (Scotland) Act.”
The council encourages the public to report incidents of dog fouling by calling 0300 100 1800 or by going online to www.scotborders.gov.uk/info/20052/environmental_problems/583/dog_fouling
WASHINGTON — The Trump administration, reversing an Obama-era policy, encouraged schools and universities Tuesday to stop considering race as a factor in school admissions.
"The American people deserve to have their voices heard and a government that is accountable to them. When issuing regulations, federal agencies must abide by constitutional principles and follow the rules set forth by Congress and the President," Attorney General Jeff Sessions said in rescinding six Obama administration documents intended to give schools guidance on adopting affirmative action programs.
Sessions launched an effort last fall to revoke Obama guidelines that went beyond what the Supreme Court has said about affirmative action and failed to give students equal treatment.
The Department of Education said in a tweet that "the protections from discrimination on the basis of race guaranteed by the Constitution" and federal laws will remain in place.
Tuesday's action does not forbid using race as a plus factor in admissions, a practice the U.S. Supreme Court has repeatedly upheld, most recently in a 2016 decision written by Justice Anthony Kennedy. His ruling said universities are entitled to deference "in defining those intangible characteristics, like student body diversity, that are central to its identity and educational mission."
Vanita Gupta, who ran the Justice Department's Civil Rights division under Obama and is now president of the Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights, condemned the change in policy.
"In furtherance of its agenda of intolerance and discrimination, the Trump administration is once again failing in its responsibility for the well being of all students by tossing aside diversity and inclusion — core American values," Gupta said.
The president of the American Council of Education, Ted Mitchell, said, "At a time when our society grows ever more diverse and the need for engagement with individuals from other backgrounds is vitally important, the federal government should not threaten colleges and universities in their efforts to construct inclusive campuses.
"Today, the Trump administration is sending precisely the wrong message to institutions that are committed to following four decades of Supreme Court precedent," Mitchell added.
The federal government's policy now reverts to what it was during the George W. Bush administration, which said schools should not consider race in admissions unless it was essential to achieve their educational missions. The new pronouncement does not have the force of law, and schools committed to the practice can continue to use it. But it is a further sign of the Trump administration's opposition.
The Trump Justice Department earlier signaled its concern about the fairness of affirmative action, launching an investigation of Harvard University's admissions policies. It also formally expressed its interest in a 2014 lawsuit filed by dozens of Asian-American organizations who said Harvard's policies discriminate against them.
In his 2016 ruling, Kennedy indicated that the affirmative action program at the University of Texas at Austin met a stringent legal test. But he left the door open to future challenges. "It remains an enduring challenge to our nation's education system to reconcile the pursuit of diversity with the constitutional promise of equal treatment and dignity."
Even with Kennedy on the court, affirmative action faced an uncertain future. Kennedy's departure at the end of the month and President Donald Trump's appointment of a replacement makes it more likely that future challenges to end the practice will succeed.
2:29
Trump criticizes hatred 'on many sides' after Charlottesville violence
2:24
White supremacy protests in Charlottesville, Va., devolve into a chaotic day of violence
0:45
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Norwegian's plans for new transatlantic routes to help shrink costs
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
The Malayalam film audiences are eagerly awaiting for the big arrival of the Mammootty starrer Abrahaminte Santhathikal to the theatres. The film, directed by Shaji Padoor, will grace the big screens on June 16, 2018 as an Eid release. Well, all the posters of Abrahaminte Santhathikal have met a grand reception. Each poster of the movie has had something or the other to offer special and rightly, they have turned out to be the most celebrated movie posters of the recent times.
Meanwhile, the audiences have been eager to know more about the arrival of the teaser/trailer of the film, such is the hype that the posters have set. Now, here is big news regarding the trailer of Abrahaminte Santhathikal.
According to the latest reports that have come in, the trailer of Abrahaminte Santhathikal is on its way and it will be releasing on June 06, 2018. The information regarding the same was sent out through the Facebook page of Goodwill Entertainments, the production house of the movie.
It has been mentioned that the trailer will be launched at 7pm on June 6, 2018 in Kochi. The date and venue of the same will be announced later.
Well, let us hope that the trailer of Abrahaminte Santhathikal will create the same impact that the posters did. Upon its arrival in online circuits, the trailer is sure to break some big records.
TORONTO, ON--(Marketwired - April 17, 2017) - Slate Retail REIT (TSX: SRT.U) (TSX: SRT.UN) (the "REIT"), an owner and operator of U.S. grocery-anchored real estate, announced today that the Board of Trustees has declared a distribution for the month of April 2017 of U.S.$0.0675 per class U unit of the REIT ("Class U Units"), representing U.S.$0.81 per Class U Unit on an annualized basis.
Holders of Class U Units may elect to receive their distribution in Canadian dollars and should contact their broker to make such an election. If a holder of Class U Units elects to receive distributions in Canadian dollars, the holder will receive the Canadian dollar equivalent amount of the distribution being paid on the Class U Units based on the U.S./Canadian dollar exchange rate at the time of payment of the distribution.
Holders of class A units of the REIT ("Class A Units") will receive a distribution equal to the Canadian dollar equivalent (based on the U.S./Canadian dollar exchange rate at the time of payment of the distribution) of U.S.$0.0680265 per Class A Unit. Holders of class I units of the REIT ("Class I Units") will receive a distribution equal to U.S.$0.0712395 per Class I Unit. Holders of units of subsidiaries of the REIT that are exchangeable into Class U Units ("Exchangeable Units") will receive a distribution equal to U.S.$0.0675 per unit.
Distributions on all unit classes of the REIT, and distributions on Exchangeable Units, will be payable on May 15, 2017 to unitholders of record as of the close of business on April 28, 2017.
Distribution Reinvestment Plan
Holders of Class A Units, Class U Units and Class I Units of the REIT are eligible to participate in the Distribution Reinvestment Plan (the "DRIP"). In electing to participate in the DRIP, unitholders will have their cash distributions used to purchase Class U Units of the REIT. Unitholders wishing to participate should contact their investment advisors to enroll. Additional details and information can be found by visiting slateretailreit.com.
About Slate Retail REIT
Slate Retail REIT is a real estate investment trust focused on U.S. grocery-anchored real estate. The REIT owns and operates over U.S. $1 billion of assets located across the top 50 U.S. metro markets that are visited regularly by consumers for their everyday needs. The REIT's conservative payout ratio, together with its diversified portfolio and quality tenant covenants, provides a strong basis to continue to grow unitholder distributions and the flexibility to capitalize on opportunities that drive value appreciation. Visit slateretailreit.com to learn more about the REIT.
About Slate Asset Management L.P.
Slate Asset Management L.P. is a leading real estate investment platform with approximately $4.0 billion in assets under management. Slate is a value-oriented manager and a significant sponsor of all of its private and publicly-traded investment vehicles, which are tailored to the unique goals and objectives of its investors. The firm's careful and selective investment approach creates long-term value with an emphasis on capital preservation and outsized returns. Slate is supported by exceptional people, flexible capital and a proven ability to originate and execute on a wide range of compelling investment opportunities. Visit slateam.com to learn more.
Why Susan Rice took the fall for Team Obama's bogus Benghazi 'narrative' In the wake of the Benghazi report, let's spare a few thoughts for President Obama's national security adviser, Susan Rice. Yes, the headlines all say the House Select Committee on...
Obama's Iran 'echo chamber' just can't stop After top Obama adviser Ben Rhodes made waves by admitting the administration manipulated an “echo chamber” of allies to sell the Iran nuclear deal, you might have expected the echoes...
Obama's storyteller backs off boasts about selling Iran deal A top White House aide has backtracked from inflammatory comments that President Obama's foreign policy team manipulated the public and the press to create an “echo chamber,” which helped sell...
Local politicians rip White House for 'disgraceful' Iran deal 'hoax' New York politicians expressed outrage Friday over revelations that the Obama administration lied about its handling of the Iran nuke deal. Top Obama foreign-policy aide Ben Rhodes boasted that he...
White House's lies on Iran deal is humiliating for Chuck Schumer We hope Sens. Chuck Schumer, Cory Booker and Kirsten Gillibrand are giving that devastating new profile of President Obama's foreign-policy guru a careful read. Because they'll learn how they were...
This skilled storyteller duped America into passing Iran deal The Obama administration cooked up a phony story to sell Americans on the Iranian nuke deal, lying that US officials were dealing with “moderates” in the Islamic theocracy who could...
Stocks and stock-market sectors aren't moving in lockstep anymore, offering a ray of hope to active managers looking to get a leg up on their increasingly popular index-tracking compadres.
Read: This little-noticed phenomenon could make stock picking great again
But it isn't a stock picker's market just yet, say analysts at Société Générale in a Wednesday note. Instead, as the chart above shows, SocGen's SP2i model—an acronym for Stock-Picking versus Sector-Picking Indicator—shows the current environment favors a top-down sector-picking approach over a bottoms-up individual stock picking approach.
The model compares the potential alpha—a portfolio's performance compared with a benchmark, such as the S&P 500 SPX, +0.16% —generated by both methods by looking at the standard deviation of stock-relative performances and sector-relative performances, the SocGen boffins explain. It assumes that the wider the range of individual stock performances, the greater the alpha likely to be generated by stock picking. Alpha refers to returns above a benchmark.
In fact, they argue that the sector rotation that followed Donald Trump's November election victory has served to make stock picking less attractive relative to sector picking. It's a similar story for European stocks, where sector-picking is also relatively more attractive. They write:
Jose Mourinho declared himself a happy man after watching Manchester United take West Ham apart in a 4-0 thumping at Old Trafford on Sunday.
Romelu Lukaku marked his Premier League debut for the club with a brace, before Anthony Martial and Paul Pogba added late gloss to the scoreline.
Since Alex Ferguson's retirement in 2013, United have been widely criticised for producing turgid, pedestrian displays devoid of attacking verve under David Moyes, Louis van Gaal and in Mourinho's maiden season in charge.
But they were full of vim and vigour against the Hammers, the pace and power of the likes of Lukaku, Marcus Rashford and substitute Martial proving too much for Slaven Bilic's side, leaving Mourinho satisfied with his side showing signs they are full of confidence.
"The game was difficult, it was open, at 2-0 they had a chance and I don't think the game was a 4-0," Mourinho told Sky Sports. "Then we scored a third and you breathe and relax. The reality of the game was it was always a difficult game for us.
2 - Henrikh Mkhitaryan provided more assists vs West Ham on Sunday (2) than he did in his previous 24 PL apps combined (1). Surge. pic.twitter.com/8UGLmdldAT — OptaJoe (@OptaJoe) August 14, 2017
"We didn't start especially well, we started nervous but then we had a quality performance, good personality and the team played with lots of confidence.
"Even at 2-0 the team was confident and playing football and I'm happy.
"We lost two points against West Ham here [last season] and had lots of similar matches where we dominated but did not score enough goals. Today we did and it's three important points.
"It's about confidence. In the last 20 minutes if they score it's 2-1 and the game is open, you feel the pressure and it would be entertaining but the reality is in the last part of the game, instead of being boring and controlling the game we scored a third goal."
And Mourinho was especially pleased to see Lukaku, after his £75million switch from Everton, follow in the footsteps of a host of other debutants on the Premier League's opening weekend in getting off the mark for their new employers.
"It's always important, new players in new clubs - everybody expects goals from them," he said.
"It's nice for [Alvaro] Morata to score, nice for Wayne Rooney to score and Lukaku and [Alexandre] Lacazette, it's always nice for that confidence."
Attempt missed. Thomas Halleran (Stenhousemuir) right footed shot from the centre of the box is close, but misses to the right.
In Houston, where flood damage took out the two most important criminal justice facilities, some defense attorneys are worried that trial delays are robbing their clients of justice.
It's been 10 weeks since Jose Deras was first locked up in the Harris County Jail. And because of Hurricane Harvey, it's nearly impossible to predict how much longer he might be there.
Deras — who is locked up for a misdemeanor assault charge, the first black mark on his otherwise clear criminal record — faces up to a year in jail, meaning that even if he got the maximum sentence, his actual time served would likely total about four months. But Deras' lawyer thinks his client will most likely spend more time than that in his cell, waiting for his case to come before a jury.
Since Harvey hit Harris County in late August, one of the busiest criminal court systems in the country has suspended all jury trials. It's just one of a slate of challenges facing the county's justice system in the weeks since the storm, but defense attorneys argue that delayed trials — and in dozens of cases, prolonged detention — have the potential to infringe on their clients' most fundamental rights.
Justice delayed, they argue, has begun to verge on justice denied.
The U.S. Constitution guarantees the right to a “speedy” trial, but the law offers no specific guidance on what “speedy” means. And it's not entirely clear how that right might change in the face of unprecedented natural disaster.
Jury trials could resume in Harris County as soon as Oct. 16, when jurors will be summoned again to a host of makeshift assembly rooms downtown. But at least at first, the county will not be able to assemble nearly the usual number of jurors, and courthouse workers will have to ration those jurors across 22 felonies and 16 misdemeanor courts.
Judge Margaret Stewart Harris, who is presiding over Deras' case, said she hopes to hear it as soon as juries are assembled again. But Franklin Bynum, Deras' attorney, said he doubts his client will be in court that soon.
“Nothing that they have done has inspired any confidence in me that this is going to be handled,” Bynum said. “And meanwhile, there's somebody sitting in a cage.”
The $95 million Harris County Criminal Justice Center was only months old in 2001 when Hurricane Allison hit, taking with it the glow of the new brick veneer and swamping much of the equipment housed in the basement. The building was repaired and new flood protections installed.
Those were compromised this summer during Harvey, when much of the 581,000-square foot building was inundated once again with several feet of water, and damage reached at least to the 16th floor. Pipes ruptured and windows shattered. Sewage oozed out of first-floor bathrooms. Staffers escaped the building using ropes.
This time, the damage has left a 20-story hole in the county's justice system, taking out 40 courtrooms, the district attorney's office and enough holding cells to accommodate 900 inmates. Partial occupancy may be possible in six to eight months, but county engineers say it will likely a take a year and a half — and $30 million — for the building to return to full capacity.
The bigger problem, according to local officials, sits a block southwest of the courthouse. The three-floor jury assembly building at 1201 Congress Ave. saw just as much damage, but the bulk of its business takes place below ground, where on the county's busiest days, about 800 potential jurors can be assembled.
The subterranean floor was so damaged that it may not even be repaired. That means there's nowhere to assemble the jurors that the county needs to take cases like Deras' to trial.
As a result, hundreds of trials have been delayed, and about 100 defendants sit in custody awaiting their turn.
In the weeks since the storm, court locations have been shuffled around, civil trials have been delayed at least until Nov. 1 and judges based out of the Criminal Justice Center have moved into nearby court facilities. Most of those courtrooms now handle a double caseload.
Only a fraction of those courtrooms are equipped with holding cells for inmates, meaning more bottlenecks in scheduling jury trials and higher costs to the sheriff's office, which must ensure that inmates are secured when they go to court.
Lawyers, judges and administrators describe a confusing schedule of appointments across a network of makeshift spaces. Judges shuffle between their jail docket courtrooms, their bond docket courtrooms and their trial courtrooms; lawyers struggle to keep up.
“It's pretty much extreme confusion,” defense attorney Murray Newman said. “My calendar looks like a coloring book.”
Meanwhile, prosecutors have to lug hundreds of court files to nine different locations across downtown Houston. Nathan Beedle, the misdemeanor division chief for the Harris County District Attorney's office, said his staff is working out of the 16th floor of the Cotton Exchange Building, five blocks from the Criminal Justice Center.
“I'm in a ballroom with 88 people in one room, and I have about 26 inches for a desk. And I'm the division chief,” Beedle said.
The court system has resumed business in stages since Harvey. Judges were in jail holding makeshift jail dockets as soon as Aug. 29, as rains were still soaking the city. Other court proceedings resumed Sept. 11, with judges working elbow-to-elbow in makeshift quarters.
Jury trials will be the last part of the justice system to come back online.
Starting later this month, jurors will be summoned to the cafeteria and other large rooms in the Harris County Administration Building. It's a quick-and-dirty solution; administrators have had to order portable bathroom facilities and rent folding chairs.
Even with these measures, though, the county will not be able to accommodate the usual 800 potential jurors. They'll start with about a third of that number — meaning jury trials will resume at a staggered pace.
Meanwhile, dozens remain in jail waiting for their day in front of those jurors. Some of those defendants face charges as severe as capital murder or aggravated sexual assault; for them, a delay of a few months could be negligible or even helpful, if a defense attorney needs more time for evidence collection, for example.
But for people like Deras who have been charged with low-level offenses and whose sentences would last only a few months, those delays are critical.
“At any point, if you've got someone in jail and they can't get out and they're awaiting trial on a misdemeanor, that would be a gross injustice,” Newman said. “When you're dealing with other types of cases, you know, it becomes kind of a sliding scale of how unjust you feel it is.”
Judges and county administrators insist they are doing the best they can under the circumstances and say defendants in custody will take precedence once trials resume. And the district attorney's office has worked to get as many people out of custody as possible, Beedle said. That means dismissing minor cases, reaching more plea agreements and recommending trials in front of a judge rather than a jury.
“In the week after Harvey, I filled out more dismissals in a week than I ever have in my career,” Beedle said. “We're looking at every single case where somebody is in custody. We're doing that on a daily basis. If there is a way for me to resolve the case — if that's to offer a court trial or a plea agreement or a dismissal — we are doing it. And that's for every single case.”
But that hasn't helped Deras, who has resisted taking a plea bargain because he's undocumented and knows that a criminal conviction makes deportation more likely. He'll stay in jail awaiting trial while his attorney fumes.
“There's no legal basis for prolonged detention because you can't get your shit together and have a jury,” Bynum said. “You can say that this is the most complicated part of the system. But this is the part of the system that matters — everything else is subordinate to this.”
MURFREESBORO, Tenn. (WKRN) – “I love you, man.” Those were some of the last words the victim of a deadly Murfreesboro shooting told a former friend as he stood over him with a gun, firing several times.
The shooting of Jesse Buford, 23, was captured on video. It happened during a violent three-week period where several victims were shot and killed in Murfreesboro near Middle Tennessee State University's campus.
Wednesday afternoon, suspect Lammorris Jones appeared in court for his preliminary hearing while the victim's family looked on.
They were seated in the back row of the courtroom and Buford's mother couldn't hold back the tears as she listened to how her son was gunned down for no apparent reason.
“It's hard man,” said Buford's father, Ernest Mason. “It's hard.”
It was revealed in court that Jones and Buford used to be good friends, even roommates at one point, but somewhere the relationship went south.
“They had a falling out,” Det. Steven Abbott testified in court. “I believe Mr. Jones referred to the relationship with Mr. Buford as ‘toxic.'”
Jones said they went their separate ways and claims that prior to the shooting, Buford showed up at his apartment in the middle of the night and threatened him, saying he would be raising his children.
On May 4, Jones was dropping off a woman at the Student Quarters Apartments and saw Buford. Without warning, he allegedly ran up to him and started shooting.
Surveillance video from the complex shows the two men running, and then Buford falling. Jones is seen standing over him firing a gun.
“I asked him what did Mr. Buford say or what was his reaction, and Mr. Jones indicated to me that Mr. Buford didn't probably see or hear him or anything until he fired the first shot,” Det. Abbott said in court.
The video also shows Buford getting up and limping before later collapsing. He was pronounced dead at the hospital.
“He's a coward,” his father said, referring to Jones. “He was just a coward; that's all he was, a coward.”
Jones was arrested two days later in Jackson, Tennessee. According to police, he took the murder weapon to Senatobia, Mississippi, and left it with his cousin to get rid of it.
Buford's family said the 23-year-old had his whole life ahead of him.
“He was a nice, outgoing child,” Mason told News 2. “He was going to college. He had his bachelor's degree [and was] going for his masters.”
After hearing all the evidence presented in court, Judge Barry Tidwell found enough probable cause to send this case to the Rutherford County Grand Jury.
Jones was already on probation after a March arrest for theft. Now he's facing homicide charges.
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
WASHINGTON (CBSMiami/CNN) — President Donald Trump again lamented his choice for attorney general on Wednesday, writing on Twitter he wishes he'd chosen someone other than Jeff Sessions, who enraged the President when he recused himself from the Russia investigation.
It was the latest evidence of Trump's ongoing pre-occupation with the probe led by special counsel Robert Mueller. Despite declaring earlier this week he was diverting his attention to more pressing matters, like North Korea and trade, Trump has continued to vent on Twitter about the controversy he's described as a “witch hunt.”
It was Sessions who attracted his ire on Wednesday, a day after The New York Times described an angry meeting in Florida last year when Trump demanded Sessions reverse his decision to step away from Russia-related matters. The newspaper reported Mueller was looking into the episode.
Quoting Rep. Trey Gowdy, R-South Carolina, who noted on CBS earlier Wednesday that Trump “could have picked somebody else” for the position, Trump tweeted, “I wish I did!”
Gowdy was responding to a question about whether Trump may have obstructed justice in reportedly asking Sessions in March 2017 to reverse his decision to recuse himself in the probe, as The New York Times reported.
The South Carolina Republican said he believed Trump was “expressing frustration” that Sessions should have shared his reasons for recusal before accepting the role of attorney general.
Trump has frequently criticized Sessions over his recusal, which paved the way for Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein to appoint special counsel Robert Mueller to investigate Russian meddling in the 2016 election. Trump has viewed the decision as an expression of disloyalty, and the relationship between the two men has soured.
But Trump's frequent fits of fury over Sessions have only further attracted the special counsel's attention. Sessions himself has sat for an interview with Mueller, and Trump's views of his attorney general's recusal are among the questions investigators have for Trump should he do the same.
Trump has scaled up his attacks of the Mueller investigation in recent days, including suggesting on Tuesday that Mueller's team would meddle in the midterm congressional elections.
It's part of a strategy to undercut the probe as politically motivated and rigged.
In an interview with The New York Times last July, the President said he would not have chosen Sessions to be his attorney general had he known Sessions would step away from matters related to the 2016 presidential campaign.
Trump and his attorney general's relationship has suffered greatly since Sessions' decision to recuse himself. Sessions, a top Trump campaign surrogate, announced the decision in March 2017 after it was revealed that he had contacts with Russia's ambassador to the US during the 2016 election.
In the past year, Trump has publicly referred to his attorney general as “beleaguered” and even referred to Sessions in February as “Mr. Magoo” behind closed doors, according to The Washington Post.
Trump also has privately complained that Sessions has not adequately defended him, multiple sources have told CNN over the past year.
Sessions has stood by his decision and continued to offer no public signal that he intends to step down in face of the criticism, despite an apparent offer to resign after Trump berated him and called him an “idiot” last year.
Kim Jong Nam: the big ‘what if' of North Korean history
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
TROY — One of Troy's cornerstone downtown restaurants closed its doors this weekend.
La Piazza, located at 2. N. Market St., closed permanently following its Saturday night dinner service.
The restaurant was opened in 1992 by Michael and Jennifer Anticoli. The three-story historic building, built in 1920, is currently listed for sale for $995,000, according to thebrokerlist.com.
Ric Moody, a commercial real estate broker, said, the location includes the former carry-out area at 6 N. Market St.
Moody said the Anticoli family has been exploring different opportunities and the decision to sell the business and the building they've owned since 1992 “was a very difficult decision.”
The Troy Daily News reached out to Michael Anticoli for comment, which was not returned as of press time.
“We're looking forward to entertaining different opportunities for this wonderful space,” Moody said.
Moody said the 11,000 square feet of space includes the restaurant space on the first floor, apartment spaces on the second and third floors. Part of the third-story is unfinished.
Moody said the space would be perfect for a relaxed atmosphere “brew-pub” with its covered patio space, which looks out onto Prouty Plaza and the Public Square. Moody said he anticipates the space staying as a restaurant on the lower level with its amenities and access to the downtown area.
“That patio is perfect for entertainment with all the concerts on the plaza. It's truly a unique space to downtown Troy and has such a rich history in Troy,” Moody said. “You couldn't ask for a more unique location.”
Moody, along with Amie Wilt and Theresa Dershem, are the listing agents for the building through Coldwell Banker. For more information, contact Moody at (937) 287-0072 or Wilt and Dershem at (937) 216-6389 or (937) 216-7857, respectively.
Troy Daily News file photo Former server Nicole Barney prepares one of the tables at La Piazza for dinner. http://www.tdn-net.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/21/2018/02/web1_La_Piazza_2_cmyk.jpg Troy Daily News file photo Former server Nicole Barney prepares one of the tables at La Piazza for dinner.
Historic building for sale for $995,000
COLUMBIA, SC (WIS) – On Monday, August 21, 2017, the contiguous United States will experience its first full solar eclipse since 1979.
At 2:41 p.m., total darkness will set in and the temperature outside will plunge. During that afternoon, Columbia will be in the moon's shadow for about 2 minutes and 36 seconds, as the moon passes between the Earth and the sun. The area will experience the longest period of 100 percent total solar eclipse for a metro area on the entire East Coast.
“The astronomy community here in Columbia, and really the entire country, is going nuts over this,” says Matthew Whitehouse of the South Carolina State Museum Observatory.
Only a handful of spots in the entire country will have a good view.
According to NASA, the path of the Moon's umbral shadow begins in northern Pacific and crosses the USA from west to east through parts of the following states: Oregon, Idaho, Montana, Wyoming, Nebraska, Kansas, Iowa, Missouri, Illinois, Kentucky, Tennessee, North Carolina, Georgia, and South Carolina (note: only a tiny corner of Montana and Iowa are in the eclipse path). The Moon's penumbral shadow produces a partial eclipse visible from a much larger region covering most of North America.
The U.S. won't see another total eclipse until April 8, 2024. Much of western and northern parts of central Ohio will be able to see the total phase of the 2024 eclipse.
A comedian has been charged over offensive graffiti near Eurydice Dixon's memorial.
A comedian has been charged over offensive graffiti near Eurydice Dixon's memorial.
A MELBOURNE comedian has been charged with allegedly painting the "lewd markings" discovered close to the Princes Park memorial for Eurydice Dixon.
Ms Dixon, 22, an aspiring comedian, was killed as she walked home from a comedy gig in Melbourne's CBD on June 13.
A 31-year-old comedian has allegedly been charged with criminal damage, offensive behaviour and marking offensive graffiti, The Age reports.
Eurydice Dixon was found dead in Melbourne's Princes Park.
Police found offensive paint markings at the site in Princes Park on June 18, the day of a public vigil in Ms Dixon's honour
The man has been charged and bailed by police to face court in August, The Age reports.
Tina Turner's son Craig has died in California at just 59. Picture: Facebook
Tina Turner's son Craig has died in California at just 59. Picture: Facebook
TINA Turner was seen attending a fashion show in Paris on Tuesday just hours before her son was found dead aged 59 after reportedly taking his own life.
Craig Raymond Turner, who is the singer's firstborn child, was found unresponsive at his home in Studio City, California, on Tuesday.
Police confirmed there were no suspicious circumstances and he was pronounced dead at the scene at 12.38pm local time (5.38am AEST), reports The Sun.
Tina Turner with her son Craig, pictured in the 1980s. Picture: Supplied
The Los Angeles County coroner's office assistant chief Ed Winter confirmed he had died by suicide, however a post-mortem examination is due to take place.
Just hours earlier, music icon Tina Turner, 78, was seen attending a Giorgio Armani show at the Haute Couture Fashion Week in Paris.
She was just 18 when she had Craig with Raymond Hill - who played the saxophone for the band Kings of Rhythm.
Craig was adopted by her husband Ike Turner after their marriage in 1962 and gave him his name.
Ike and Tina Turner in Australia in 1975. Picture: Supplied
She also adopted Ike's two children from his first marriage - Ike Jnr, 59, and Michael, 58.
Turner has a son - 57-year-old Ronnie - with Ike.
In an interview with Oprah Winfrey in May 2005, Tina Turner said Craig was "a very emotional kid" who had witnessed her being abused by Ike.
Tina Turner has spoken about how her children saw ex-husband Ike beat her. Picture: Supplied
She said: "They saw the black eyes. Ike's children never reacted, but my oldest son, Craig, was a very emotional kid. He'd always look down in sadness.
"One day when Ike was fighting me, Craig knocked on the door and said, 'Mother, are you all right?'
Tina Turner is a true legend of the music industry. Picture: Supplied
"I thought, 'Oh, please, don't beat me at home.' I didn't want my children to hear."
According to his Facebook page, Craig worked in real estate in Beverly Hills.
Tina Turner moved to Switzerland in 1994 before her second marriage to German music producer Erwin Bach five years ago.
If you or someone you love is in crisis or needs support right now, please call Lifeline on 13 11 14 or BeyondBlue on 1300 224 636. If it is an emergency please call 000.
This story was originally published in The Sun and is reprinted with permission.
Fort Myers owes more than $22,000 to the Florida Department of Environmental Protection for dumping untreated water into the Caloosahatchee River.
After Hurricane Irma, millions lost power, including Fort Myers wastewater facilities.
Without working pumps, 35,000 gallons of untreated water was dumped into the river.
"It overwhelms the system and causes changes to the quality of what comes in and the quality of what comes out of our wastewater plant," the director of public works Richard Moulton said.
Fort Myers city council met Monday night to discuss how to pay the DEP fine.
Rather than paying the thousands in cash, they will offer to pay-in-kind, purchasing multiple generators, so this never happens again.
"We're not going to pay the state in cash, we're going to use our cash to buy tangible equipment to resolve the issue..." said Mayor Randall P. Henderson Jr.
Some council members weren't happy, saying the city is being punished for Mother Nature's wrath.
"Does it seem fair? That we have to pay a fine for a natural occurrence?" asked council member Fred Burson.
The city manager was quick to remind the council the DEP will have the final say.
"I agree with you council member, but we cannot tell them what to do," said city manager Saeed Kazemi.
Moulton is confident buying new generators will prevent this from happening again.
As for the 35,000 gallons already dumped into the river, there is no plan for clean-up.
"There's nothing that can be done," said Moulton.
For now, the council will wait for the DEP's approval of their proposal.
Copyright 2018 WBBH/WZVN (Waterman Broadcasting). All rights reserved.
The start of the year is typically a time when people are making resolutions and swearing off the delectable treats Krystal Vega makes for Zinnia's Bakehouse.
But the owner of the bakery with two locations – 1320 E. State Blvd. and downtown in The City Exchange, 127 W. Wayne St. – recalls that one of her first orders after Jan. 1 was not for a vegan, gluten-free, sugar-free substitute for her cupcakes.
Nope. Instead, it was an order for the goodies that come only once a year – Carnival season or, as we know it, Fat Tuesday.
The Mardi Gras holiday (if you can call it that) will be Feb. 28 this year, and Vega and other bakers are preparing the traditional treats. From New Orleans specialties such as king cakes and beignets to the Polish tradition of paczki, it's time to order and get your fill before swearing off sweets for 40 days. If you do that kind of thing, that is.
At Zinnia's, Vega will make king cakes, begniets and paczki. The king cake, which is more of a cinnamon roll than a cake, is decorated with gold, green and purple sugar. And, yes, there is a baby inside.
Vega says she places the food-grade baby at different places in the dough as she rolls the log so that even she doesn't know where the sign of good luck will be. Available in three flavors – cream cheese, cinnamon sugar and strawberry-filled – the cake costs $19 and feeds 12 to 16.
Another New Orleans favorite is the beignet, which is on the Saturday menu at Zinnia's. For Fat Tuesday, the fried pillowy pieces of dough, which are best enjoyed with a cafe au lait, are $4 for four pieces.
Paczkis, which could be called a Polish-filled beignet, are $1.50 and come in four flavors – housemade Bavarian cream, strawberry, raspberry and plain.
At Waynedale Bakery, 2610 Lower Huntington Road, Chris Miller has been making paczkis for years.
Miller is from Grand Rapids, Michigan, which has a large Polish population and is of Polish heritage herself, and she grew up eating them.
Last year, she made more than 70 dozen paczkis and will probably make more this year. She does get help from the crew at Tom's Donuts at Georgetown with the paczkis, and the 6328 E. State Blvd. store will have the pastries available as well.
Their paczkis are available in lemon, apple, raspberry, blueberry and Bavarian cream. They are $1.25 each or $15 a dozen at Waynedale Bakery. Typically, they are coated with powdered sugar but some of the raspberry might have white icing and the Bavarian have chocolate icing.
Waynedale Bakery's king cakes are brushed with cinnamon sugar and are not filled. They cost $4.15 and feed 12 to 16.
While not a sweet treat, the Cuban restaurant Caliente is adding some New Orleans flavor to its menu. The owners of the shop at 1123 E. State Blvd. recently visited the Louisiana city and fell in love with the po' boy sandwich.
There will be three varieties. The classic shrimp will have crispy fried shrimp that has been marinated then breaded before being fried. It will be served on specially made individual rolls (not the standard long Cuban loaves that are sliced down into sandwich sections) and dressed with Cajun sauce, tomatoes, lettuce, horseradish mustard and a little mayo. A beef version will feature slow-cooked roast that is seasoned with Worcestershire and a variety of Cajun seasonings. If you can't decide, the surf and turf combines the beef and shrimp.
The new menu item will be unveiled Feb. 28 to coincide with Caliente's eight-year anniversary.
Milktooth brunch
Celebrated in their own right, chefs Aaron Butts and Sean Richardson will be letting the culinary mind of the acclaimed Milktooth take over their kitchen at The Golden.
The special brunch, from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. Sunday, will feature dishes made by Jonathan Brooks, who was given Food and Wine Magazine's Best New Chef Award in 2015.
Indianapolis-based Brooks is known for using fresh, local ingredients and “to connect childhood food memories with unconventionally creative morning fare.”
The Golden is also collaborating with Dan Oskey, the owner of Tattersall Distilling in Minneapolis, to bring new cocktails to the breakfast table. Nitro cold-brew coffee from Utopia and doughnuts from Hetty Arts Pastry will be available as well.
Reservations are not required for this event.
Casa features
Executive chef Al Tholen and Casa Restaurants have unveiled the features for February and March.
The menu includes a twist on the wedge salad, topping a wedge of iceberg lettuce with creamy gorgonzola cheese dressing, bacon, pulled rotisserie chicken, fried garbanzo beans, smoked gouda cheese blend and marinated tomatoes.
When it comes to entrées, there are several choices including Polenta di Bistecca with polenta topped with small filet mignon medallions in a Chianti wine gravy topped with a poached egg.
The Rigatoni Gamberi has blackened Cajun shrimp tossed in a spicy cream sauce with andouille sausage and rigatoni pasta.
For dessert, it's Valentine's Day every day with a raspberry chocolate cheesecake.
Around town
• The IPFW student-run restaurant will begin service this week. The Stag will be open for lunch every Thursday through April 28. The Stag, which was created and will be operated by 10 hospitality and tourism management students, will showcase British comfort food that has been described as “a British pub meets Downton Abbey,” according to the students who have created this restaurant concept. The Stag is at the Holiday Inn Fort Wayne-IPFW and Coliseum, 4111 Paul Shaffer Drive.
• The Sugar, Spice & Everything Nice menu just debuted at IHOP. It features a Sticky Bun Waffle (two Belgian waffle triangles drizzled with maple glaze and topped with honey glazed pecans); Red Velvet French Toast (one slice of chocolaty, cake-like French Toast topped with cream cheese icing); and Cinnamon Roll French Toast (a cinnamon roll dipped in batter and grilled before being topped with cinnamon roll filling and drizzled with cream cheese icing). It will be available through April 10.
The Dish features restaurant news and food events and appears Wednesdays. Fax news items to 461-8893, email kdupps@jg.net or call 461-8304.
Share Article Facebook
Twitter
Email You are free to share this article under the Attribution 4.0 International license. Follow Futurity RSS
Twitter
Facebook
Newsletter
A new method that uses deep learning to analyze vast amounts of personal health record data could identify early signs of heart failure, researchers say.
A paper, which appears in the Journal of the American Medical Informatics Association (JAMIA), describes how the method addresses temporality in the data—something previously ignored by conventional machine learning models in health care applications.
The research uses a deep learning model to allow earlier detection of the incidents and stages that often lead to heart failure within 6-18 months. To achieve this, researchers use a recurrent neural network (RNN) to model temporal relations among events in electronic health records.
Temporal relationships communicate the ordering of events or states in time. This type of relation is traditionally used in natural language processing. However, researchers saw a new opportunity to leverage the power of RNNs.
“I studied deep learning and I was wondering if RNNs could be introduced into health care. It is a very popular model for processing sequences and is traditionally used for translation,” says Edward Choi, a PhD student at Georgia Tech, working with Jimeng Sun, an associate professor at the School of Computational Science and Engineering.
By utilizing RNN, the algorithm can anticipate early stages of heart failure, which will ultimately lead to better preventative care for patients at risk of heart disease.
“Machine learning is being used in every aspect of health care. From diagnosis and treatments to recommendations for patient care after surgeries. This particular model is focused on deep learning, which has had great success in many industries. However, in health care, we are on the front of pioneering deep learning and Edward is one of the first ones to apply it,” Sun says.
According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, heart failure affects 5.7 million adults in the United States, and half of those who develop heart failure die within 5 years of diagnosis costing the nation an estimated $30.7 billion each year.
The new findings could provide relief to millions of Americans each year by allowing doctors to offer patients early intervention.
“This is a preliminary work, it showed potential that it can do better than classical models—it makes a good promise for how deep learning can make a positive impact in the health care industry,” says Choi.
The National Institutes of Health in collaboration with Sutter Health funded the work.
Source: Georgia Tech
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Shocked by Karnataka CM Kumaraswamy's statement that he is at the mercy of the Congress as he does not have the mandate of the 6.5 crore population of the state he represents. Hence, he can't do much for the people of the state in which he is a Chief Minister. Who asked Kumaraswamy to become opportunistic and become CM if the people of the state outrightly rejected his party? He can still resign if he really thinks he cannot do justice for the people of his state.
Coalition government's run on Common Minimum Programmes and Kumaraswamy should take his coalition partners into confidence to run the governance in Karnataka for some years at least as frequent elections cost a lot of money which a poor country like India cannot afford. Also, he has an option to ask Congress to elect their Chief Minister as they have double the number of MLA's who won than his party but Kumaraswamy, I suppose is fooling people by playing the blame game even before he has undertaken the responsibility as CM!
(The views expressed by the author in the article are his/her own.)
Caregiver charged with stealing from Barrington woman
hello
A Wauconda woman is facing multiple felony charges alleging she stole from a Barrington senior she was hired to care for, police said Monday.
Vanessa Bahena, 23, is charged with two counts of aggravated identity theft and one count of unlawful use of a credit card.
Barrington Assistant Police Chief John Burke said Bahena used the woman's credit card to purchase items from Jewel and Macy's, including two purses costing about $300. In all, Bahena is accused of making less than $1,000 in unlawful purchases on the woman's card, Burke said.
Police were alerted to the allegations by the woman's daughter. Before contacting police, she confronted Bahena about cash and pain medication that had gone missing, police said. After being confronted, Bahena returned the cash and most of the pills, according to police.
Burke said this is the second time Bahena has been arrested on charges she stole from people she was hired to care for. In May 2016, she was charged with aggravated identity theft, unlawful possession of a credit card and theft from a senior living community in Barrington, Burke said.
She pleaded guilty in January to misdemeanor theft under a deal in which she was sentenced to two years of probation and 150 hours community service, court records show.
Burke said the public should be vigilant when hiring caregivers.
"We want to make people aware when they do employ people that they get a proper background check," he said.
A 1-15 record earned Browns top pick in April's NFL draft
hello
NEW YORK -- A 1-15 record earned the Cleveland Browns the top pick in April's NFL draft.
Since returning to the league as an expansion franchise in 1999, the Browns twice have used the No. 1 overall selection. In their first season, they chose Kentucky quarterback Tim Couch. The next year, they got Penn State defensive lineman Courtney Brown.
San Francisco (2-14) will pick second, followed by Chicago and Jacksonville, both 3-13.
The Rams (4-12), Jets and Chargers, both 5-11, Carolina (6-10), Cincinnati (6-9-1) and Buffalo (7-9) close out the top 10.
Only the draft positions for non-playoff qualifiers has been settled. Other spots will be determined by postseason results, with the Super Bowl winner choosing last regardless of record, and the Super Bowl loser going next to last in all rounds.
The draft will be April 27-29 in Philadelphia.
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
WINTERVILLE, N.C. (WNCT)- Pitt Community College will be offering a free construction class in the coming weeks.
The ‘On-The-Job Training Program' will focus on different skills needed to work and perform in the highway construction industry.
Pitt Community Colleges Department of Transitional Studies will be partnering up with the North Carolina Department of Transportation on teaching this class.
“At the end of the class, students who have taken the training, and have been successful will have the opportunity to interview with various construction companies,” said Director of Transitional Studies at Pitt Community College, Laurie Weston.
There is an information session tonight at 6 PM in room 143 of the Leslie Building at Pitt Community College.
After nine months of racing, Dongfeng Race Team has won the closest ever Volvo Ocean Race
BREAKING NEWS: After nine months of racing, the Volvo Ocean Race was undecided until the final cross this afternoon.
The short last leg to The Hague was littered with traffic separation zones one the final few hundred miles. Dongfeng made an audacious tactical call to split from their equal rivals Mapfre and Team Brunel, heading east and inshore, with no-go TSS zones dividing the waters between them and the main pack.
As Dongfeng reached into the final mark with three headsails flying, Brunel and Mapfre were gybing in on a lower course. It wasn't until the final hour of the race that the verdict came in: Dongfeng crossed in front, the Volvo Ocean Race was won.
The fleet had set out on Thursday 21st June with an unprecedented point tie – a three-way tie in a dead heat on the overall leaderboard. The finishing order between MAPFRE, Team Brunel and Dongfeng Race Team at The Hague would determine their place on the overall race podium.
Each of those three teams led at various points on the leg and had their opportunities to grab the prize.
But Dongfeng skipper Charles Caudrelier and his team made a bold call on Saturday evening to take a coastal route to the finish, pinned against the shoreline by a series of Exclusion Zones. It hurt them in the short term as they tumbled down the leaderboard.
However, by Sunday morning, with less than 100 miles left to race, weather routing projections had the top teams finishing within minutes of each other. None had been able to break away, despite the significant splits on the race course.
At 15:22:32 UTC, Dongfeng Race Team, flew down the coast from the north to win the leg, and the race.
It was the closest finish in the 45-year history of the race and the first win for a Chinese-flagged team. It was also, remarkably, the first leg win for Dongfeng, who had scored consistent podium places but missed out on the leg 1st place throughout the event.
“It has been an amazing opportunity to lead this dream team, and I am so proud to realise their dreams,” said an emotional Caudrelier shortly after the start.
This is the second Volvo Ocean Race win for Caudrelier, who previously won as a crew member with Franck Cammas's Groupama in 2012 before leading Dongfeng Race Team to 3rd in the last edition.
The final results were 1st Dongfeng Race Team, 2nd Mapfre, 3rd Team Brunel, 4th Team AkzoNobel, 5th Vestas 11th Hour Racing. Sun Hung Kai Scallywag and Turn the Tide on Plastic are currently tied on 32 points apiece for 6th place, a split which will be decided by the result of the in-port race series. The final in-port race takes place in The Hague on Sunday 1st July.
Look out for a full report, as well as an in-depth look at the future for this legendary event, in next month's Yachting World, out 12thJuly.
Man detained in Germany on suspicion of financing terror
hello
Article to: (required) Article from: (required) Add a message (optional)
BERLIN -- Authorities say a man has been detained in western Germany on suspicion of financing terrorism.
Police and prosecutors in Saarland state, on the French border, wouldn't give details before a news conference planned later Monday.
They said that the 38-year-old man from Saarbruecken was detained on Saturday, news agency dpa reported.
Once you get into the 25th round of the MLB draft, it starts to lose its intrigue. These are mostly college-bound prospects or players unlikely to make an MLB impact. The Atlanta Braves found a way to make the 25th round interesting though.
Atlanta selected catcher Jake Taylor with the 740th pick in the draft, which, if anything, was a huge missed opportunity by the Cleveland Indians.
The Jake Taylor, as you may remember, was the Indians catcher from the film Major League. This Jake Taylor is a high school catcher from Oklahoma who committed to Oklahoma State.
Braves fans were pumped about the pick.
The Braves just drafted a catcher named Jake Taylor. You can't make this stuff up. pic.twitter.com/dVwiF2oXjF — loganlowery (@loganlowery) June 14, 2017
[scans list again]
"With the 140th pick, the Atlanta Braves select Jake Taylor" pic.twitter.com/AGaFZorir1 — dren (@dren_cd) June 12, 2017
While the fictional Jake Taylor was known for his bunting (after calling his shot), the real Jake Taylor has the bat-flip game down to perfection.
Hang em' and Bang em'⚾️ pic.twitter.com/vAvHHdyZVL — Jake Taylor (@J_Tay13) March 21, 2017
And sure, Jake (or Jacob) is a common name as is the last name “Taylor,” but it's just perfect that a real-life Jake Taylor became a big-league quality catcher. It wouldn't have been nearly as cool if this Jake Taylor was a right fielder. He clearly chose the right position.
His parents must have loved that movie.
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Reinsurers braced for year of cost-cutting
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Officers responded to a "suspicious pipe" in a dumpster near Bonneville Avenue and Las Vegas Boulevard Thursday afternoon, according to the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department.
Police said armor was on scene at the 500 block of South 8th Street. Evacuations were completed in the area, and streets were closed as a precaution, Metro Police said.
The City of Las Vegas said a bomb squad gave a "standard response" to investigate potential danger.
Later Thursday evening, Las Vegas Fire and Rescue said the scene had been cleared and the incident ended safely.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
This was the same Starbucks where last month two black men were arrested while waiting for a business associate after a white manager called police — an incident viewed by many as an overreaction to a nonthreatening situation. After the arrests, protesters marched in Philadelphia, city officials apologized and the Seattle-based coffee giant decided to hold Tuesday's anti-bias training for about 175,000 employees.
Dixon, who is black, said the initial incident came as a surprise to him as he is a regular in the Rittenhouse Square location, where he had always found the staff friendly. He said Starbucks' response, including overhauling its bathroom policy to allow customers to use the facilities without ordering anything, felt genuine.
"Starbucks got it right — they owned it right away," Dixon, 35, said. "But how long will it last?"
That question was asked Wednesday by other customers at other Starbucks across Philadelphia. Many agreed that the company's decision to shut stores to talk about racism was admirable, while also wondering if the move would actually change anything.
"An afternoon of training won't erase what's in a person's heart," said Nicole Williams-Burton, 48, who is black, and was grabbing a caramel frappuccino from a Starbucks in Center City. "Some of these employees are going to work — they're just going through the motions. They have to be willing to want to change, and that doesn't come easy if deep inside they feel a certain way about certain groups of people."
Starbucks' training was devised with the help of the Perception Institute, an anti-bias research and advisory group, and with input from civil rights groups, including the NAACP and the Equal Justice Initiative. The Rev. Al Sharpton, the civil rights activist who is also an MSNBC host, visited Starbucks' headquarters last week and met with executives.
"I said that this is not about sitting down with civil right leaders and writing a check — this is about you've got to deal with the culture in your store," Sharpton said Tuesday afternoon at a town hall on racism hosted by MSNBC in Philadelphia.
Manager Alex Lair places a closed notice on the corner door at a Starbucks in Philadelphia on May 29, 2018. David Swanson / The Philadelphia Inquirer via AP
Starbucks' four-hour session included showing employees a video featuring the hip-hop artist and activist Common, who spoke about the importance of accepting people's differences. Another video by documentary filmmaker Stanley Nelson Jr. included people of various races and ethnic backgrounds describing how they feel like they're being watched when they enter a store or are fearful they're being judged based on their race.
Starbucks employees also did group exercises and took tests to help them understand the concept of implicit bias, which involves the automatic assumptions people make about others based on race, gender or other identifiers.
Some Starbucks employees in Philadelphia declined to talk about Tuesday's training when approached by NBC News, but Starbucks CEO Kevin Johnson said Wednesday on Fox Business Network that it remains "one step in a journey ... it's not just a one-time thing." The company plans to hold ongoing training sessions, though without closing stores.
Elaine Cheung, a Philadelphia immigration attorney who goes to Starbucks daily, said the company will be better for it.
She said the arrest in the Rittenhouse Square Starbucks, where she stopped for a coffee Wednesday, was wrong, although she personally feels comfortable there.
"If those two men were 100-pound females and Asian-American, then I guarantee that wouldn't have happened," Cheung added.
She hopes Starbucks will inspire other companies to start conversations with their employees about race, though she noted that customers also need to speak up about injustice.
"The same way you had the #MeToo movement and the fall of Bill Cosby, there has to be something that makes people realize racism is not approved behavior and you're going to get called out on it," she said. "Starbucks started something for a day, and I commend them, but this is not just about Starbucks."
««« return to Daily Wine News index
Chinese smuggling bust
Chinese Customs has launched one of its biggest crackdowns on smuggled wines, a move that has led to the discovery of 490 tonnes of contraband worth a total of RMB 230 million (US$33.8 million), including about 4,000 bottles of fine wines such as first growths Lafite, Mouton Rothschild and Pomerol's Petrus. Source, The Drinks Business.
Chef Mario Batali attends the Food Bank for New York City Can-Do Awards at Cipriani Wall Street on Wednesday, April 19, 2017, in New York. (Photo by Brent N. Clarke/Invision/AP)
Mario Batali's Las Vegas restaurants, located inside The Venetian and The Palazzo, are scheduled to close on July 27, according to a statement from the Las Vegas Sands Corporation office released Friday morning.
The Sands Corporation office said, “We would like to thank the team members of B&B Restaurant Group for their dedication and many contributions to The Venetian and The Palazzo. We appreciate the hard work and energy of director of operations Zach Allen, Chef/Culinary Director Nicole Brisson and the rest of this team.”
[RELATED: NYPD probing sex allegations against Mario Batali]
The statement Friday morning followed an announcement from the New York Police Department May 20 about an investigation probe against Batali, who is accused of sexual harassment and misconduct against four women.
Batali stepped down from his business operations after the allegations were made in December 2017.
[RELATED: Batali steps down after sex misconduct allegations]
The Sands Corporation office said there are no other plans for the spaces where Batali's restaurants, Carenevino Italian Steakhouse, B&B Ristorante and Otto Enoteca a Pizzeria, currently occupy.
A statement from Joe Bastianich, Batali's partner with B&B Restaurant Group, said in a statement the company is looking to continue their presence in Las Vegas, but won't be able to look at serious options within the next 60 days.
Restaurant employees were also told in Bastinaich's statement that B&B will help with their transition into new positions in the next two months, before Batali's restaurants close.
"Thank you for everything you have done for the restaurants and our guests," Bastinanich said in a statement. "You should feel only pride in everything you have accomplished. I am certainly proud of you."
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Hizbollah boosted by battleground successes in Syria conflict
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Chinese Premier Li Keqiang applauds during the closing session of the annual National People's Congress in the Great Hall of the People in Beijing, China, Tuesday, March 20, 2018. Ng Han Guan AP Photo
The GOP's path to repealing Obama's health care law
hello
On its very first day, the new Congress plans to take initial steps toward repealing President Barack Obama's health care law. Associated Press
WASHINGTON -- The stakes confronting Republicans determined to dismantle President Barack Obama's health care law were evident in one recent encounter between an Ohio congressman and a constituent.
"He said, 'Now you guys own it. Now fix it. It's on your watch now,'" recalled GOP Rep. Pat Tiberi, chairman of a pivotal health subcommittee. "And this is a supporter."
Republicans have unanimously opposed Obama's law since Democrats muscled it through Congress in 2010. They've tried derailing it scores of times but have failed, stymied by internal divisions and Obama's veto power.
With the Republicans controlling Congress and Donald Trump entering the White House on Jan. 20, their mantra of repeal and replace is now a top-tier goal that the party's voters fully expect them to achieve -- starting this week.
But by unwinding the statute, the GOP would kill or recast programs that provide coverage to 20 million Americans who will be wary of anyone threatening their health insurance. That and continuing Republican rifts over how to reshape the law, pay for the replacement and avoid destabilizing health insurance markets mean party leaders have a bumpy path ahead.
Q: What's first?
A: When the new Congress convenes Tuesday, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, a Kentucky Republican, has said his chamber will begin debating a bare-bones budget for next year. Most significantly, that would trigger a special procedure letting Republicans repeal much of Obama's law by a simple Senate majority.
That's big because GOP senators will only have a 52-48 edge.
The debate will also be a way for Republicans to signal quickly to voters that they're starting to erase the law, even as they save actually doing it for later.
Q: And then?
A: Lawmakers will work on legislation actually repealing much of Obama's law.
The legislation is likely to erase the mandate that people buy insurance or face hefty IRS fines, which Republicans despise.
Also facing elimination or reductions: taxes Obama imposed on upper-income people to finance the law, subsidies that help millions afford health care and the expansion of Medicaid health coverage to more lower-earning people. Federal aid to Planned Parenthood would be halted, reflecting GOP opposition to the right to abortion, one of the women's health services provided by the organization.
They hope to pass the bill by late spring, but its provisions probably won't take effect for up to four years to give lawmakers time to craft a replacement.
This won't be easy. Many congressional Republicans are from states like Arizona, Nevada and Pennsylvania that have added about 10 million people to Medicaid and will oppose abandoning so many voters. Others will be nervous about voting to repeal the overall law without having replacement legislation to show constituents. Republicans also worry that during the transition to a new system, health insurers -- already struggling in some states -- might protect themselves by leaving some markets and boosting premiums.
To ease that, GOP aides say they're considering including some kind of stabilization fund in the repeal bill to protect insurers against losses.
That remains a work in progress.
Q: Will the 20 million people now covered lose their benefits?
A: Some probably will, a byproduct of reducing Medicaid coverage and dropping the requirement that individuals buy insurance.
That could be partly offset by some who'd purchase less expensive policies because the bill will probably let insurers drop coverage for some of the 10 services they now must provide, such as outpatient care and pregnancies.
At a briefing for reporters, top House GOP aides said the goal is "universal access" to health benefits, as opposed to aiming for coverage of all Americans.
They said Obama's law ended up with many policies that are too expensive and offer limited access to doctors, but the shift in focus to "access" suggests Republicans don't want to be measured by the number of people actually covered.
The Senate's new minority leader, Chuck Schumer, a New York Democrat, said recently that repealing Obama's law without a replacement would mean "huge calamity from one end of America to the other."
House Ways and Means Chairman Kevin Brady, a Texas Republican, called claims that 20 million people will lose coverage a "big lie." He said Republicans will provide "an adequate transition period to give people piece of mind."
Q: What about the replacement legislation?
A: Its ingredients remain unclear.
Trump, who's been vague, has proposed tax breaks to help people afford insurance, letting insurers sell policies across state lines and freeing states to decide how to spend Medicaid dollars.
House Speaker Paul Ryan, a Wisconsin Republican, has offered similar ideas plus transforming Medicare into a system that offers subsidies for buying policies. He'd tax -- for the first time -- the most expensive employer-provided health benefits.
The GOP effort might involve several bills, with Republicans pushing measures through Congress as they're ready. And it will probably take years, which would put political pressure on the GOP.
"The American people will want to see change overnight," said Rep. Kristi Noem, a South Dakota Republican.
Sanju Teaser Reaction: Ranbir Kapoor | Sanjay Dutt | Rajkumar Hirani | FilmiBeat
Finally, the much awaited teaser of Sanju starring Ranbir Kapoor is out, and fans are going gaga over it & we can totally understand why! Within the first few seconds of the teaser, you will be assured that this film is going to be nothing but epic. At the teaser launch event, when Ranbir was asked which face of Sanjay Dutt, he loved playing the most, he said, "I found it difficult to play young Sanju since there are a lot of facets. Playing Munnabhai was a lot fun."
Ranbir also said he loved working with the team of the film and said, "I have always wanted to make good films ever since I was born and to work on such a film and with such great people is an honour."
While sharing his experience from the shooting days, Ranbir revealed, "I didn't have the confidence to play Sanju. To give myself confidence that I can play Sanju was the biggest challenge. The whole script of Sanju shocked me. I had never seen this side of Sanjay Dutt. I am trying to learn from my mistakes. I learnt from raju sir the power of entertainment. I gave myself a month break between various phases of Sanju."
Speaking about Sanjay Dutt, Ranbir Kapoor said, "Sanjay Dutt might be flawed, but he is a good man. I have always been his fan and have been observing him since my childhood."
When Ranbir was asked to comment how would he react if someone tries to make a biopic on him, he said, "Main raazi hounga but my story isn't inspirational. I live a very boring life. I don't mind someone making it but I don't think it will work."
At the same event, Ranbir also commented on casting couch and said, "I have never faced it. If it's there it's the worst kind."
Director Rajkumar Hirani said, owing to the constant buzz around the film, that there's a pressure, how people would react to this film. He added, "We haven't added fiction. But have dramatized a bit."
Photo: Courtesy RCA
By Robyn Collins
Justin Timberlake has just released the music video for the title track of his new album Man of the Woods.
Related: Justin Timberlake Promises Super Bowl Show ‘Never Quite Done Before'
The clip was directed by Paul Hunter, who captures Timberlake's charismatic personality in a song that highlights his vocal talents.
Dressed in flannel and a beanie, Timberlake sings the infectious tune and dances his way through the woods. In the process, he grooves across a canyon on a fallen tree and over a pond.
The campy clip features jumping fish, random lumberjacks, a mini-Justin who levitates up to a treehouse just to zip-line down, and a magical tent. As soon as he enters the tent, Timberlake looks into a mirror and the viewer first sees the woman he's singing to.
JT's wife Jessica Biel plays his love interest in the video, and after he sees her, the two dance together then leave the tent looking like a brand-new couple.
Watch “Man of the Woods” below:
For a chance to win N10,000 in cash in the NB Weekly Quiz, please review the NB Weekly magazine and answer the question that follows. The winner and runners-up will be selected at 12pm on the 19th of April 2017. Winner and runners-up will be displa...
Dr. Leslie Baumann founded the University of Miami Cosmetic Medicine and Research Institute at UM in 1997 and served on the faculty, most recently as a Professor.
TIPP CITY — Randall Residence, owner and operator of Randall Residence of Tipp City, presented the 2017 Wiker Service Award to resident care assistant Robert Smith.
Smith was nominated by his co-workers, family members, residents, and administration because of his kind, caring, hard-working and respectful attitude to the residents. His constant smile and positive attitude make him pleasant to everyone he comes in contact with, according to his nominators.
“For more than three years Robert has worked at Randall Residence and has consistently surpassed expectations of the resident's and their families,” said Randall Residence Executive Director Tammy Wick. “Robert has a heart of gold. He is patient. He is kind. He never rushes. He never panics. He never becomes irritated when everything else is going wrong,” a residents family member stated. Another family member called him “a superhero.”
The Wiker Service Award was created in 2009 in memory of long-time Randall Residence employee, Dottie Wiker. Wiker worked for Randall Residence in Michigan for 25 years and was known for her attention to resident details and a constant smile.
More than 500 employees from all seven of the Randall Residences (Michigan, Ohio, and Illinois) are eligible to be nominated for the award. In 2017, 128 employees were nominated for this award.
A trophy with Smith's name will remain on display at Randall Residence of Tipp City for a year.
A man with a gun stormed into the Dollar General on Gretchen Avenue South in Lehigh Acres and ripped the cash drawer right out the hands of an employee.
It was 10:30 p.m. Sunday when cameras caught the man wearing a black hoodie, hat and pants.
Deputies say a worker was getting ready to close the store.
The employee was walking the register drawer to the inventory when the crook ripped it from his hands and snatched the cash with it.
When the employee tried to go after the man, the robber grabbed a black gun from his waist to scare the worker away.
In 2014, surveillance video caught another robbery at the same store and this past November; it happened again.
ABC7 reached out to Dollar General about the concerns of customers but have not heard back.
Deputies looked for that robber but could not find him.
Anyone with information on the identity or whereabouts of the suspect is asked to call Crime Stoppers at 1-800-780-TIPS (8477).
All callers will remain anonymous and will be eligible for a cash reward of up to $1,000.
Tips may also be made online at www.southwestfloridacrimestoppers.com.
Exactly 9 days ago, Zee Kannada channel's famous show Drama Juniors Season 2 landed in a controversy wherein the Brahmin community of Karnataka turned against the show.
The show got into the controversy for having made the kids to enact a skit which portrayed Brahmins and their caste in a very poor light.
Brahmins all over the state together demanded an unconditional apology from the makers of the show as well as the channel for not having moderated the content properly. Various Brahmin sects and societies had announced strong revolts and protests against the channel and the show.
Having seen the ongoing turmoil on social media, the channel and the makers of the show finally succumbed to the pressure and offered their unequivocal apology.
Yes, the controversy finally ended when the team of Zee Kannada and Drama Juniors team apologised on the Drama Juniors Season 2 Episode 3, which was telecasted on Saturday, August 12 at 9 pm.
Master Anand, the presenter of Drama Juniors show, apologised the moment the show began. He mentioned that he will be the one apologising on behalf of the channel and the show.
He said, "The skits that are being enacted on the stage have deep meaning hidden beneath them. They reflect all the loopholes in our society, which we try to lighten up by bringing some humour."
"Last weekend, we tried to tell Tenali Rama's story via the kids. Unfortunately, the humour was a little too overwhelming for some people. What we thought would be taken in a light hearted manner didn't go as planned. We are extremely sorry."
Master Anand continued, "We are pained if people are pained by us. It was totally unintentional. It is never our intention to hurt or degrade anyone, let alone deeming them inferior. I hereby would like to apologise to everyone who were offended an unknown mistake from our side. There is no holding back, we regret our mistake, please forgive us."
Later, after Master Anand concluded, it was the judges' turn to apologise. On behalf of the judges, T. N. Seetharam spoke and said, "This is the second season of this show and we have successfully delivered a total of 167 skits till date."
"While most of them were received by our audience gracefully, one of them hurt your feelings. It was totally unintentional from the Dance Juniors team as well as the channel. Please forgive us if you are hurt by our actions."
Here's a reminder that while you are out in the world buying groceries, picking up dry cleaning or catching up on The Crown, NASA's Mars rover Curiosity is on the red planet doing work.
The nuclear-powered mobile science laboratory has been slowly roving across the surface of Mars since 2012, searching for evidence of the conditions that once made the planet capable of sustaining life. And earlier this week, while on a brief break from mountain climbing, Curiosity sent home a giant batch of photos showing what the rover has been up to over the last three months.
Mars mission members stitched together those images — taken from a vantage point of more than 1000 feet above the floor of the Gale Crater, where the rover first landed — to create this panoramic image:
"Even though Curiosity has been steadily climbing for five years, this is the first time we could look back and see the whole mission laid out below us," Curiosity Project Scientist Ashwin Vasavada of NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory, in Pasadena, Calif., said in a statement.
"From our perch on Vera Rubin Ridge, the vast plains of the crater floor stretch out to the spectacular mountain range that forms the northern rim of Gale Crater," said Vasavada. The rover photographed the scene shortly before northern Mars' winter solstice, a season of clear skies, gaining a sharp view of distant details.
Curiosity's impressive panorama stretches across more than 30 miles and shows the route that the rover has taken since 2012.
Curiosity will soon go back to its previous work of drilling for soil samples, this time along the Vera Rubin Ridge. Drilling has been on hold while mission members at JPL figured out how to work around a mechanical problem with stabilizer points of the drill that appeared in late 2016. It seems the California team has come up with a solution that does not require using the stabilizing points, and instead moves the whole drill forward by motion of the robotic arm.
JPL is also preparing for the launch in May of a new lander called InSight. It'll be the first interplanetary launch from the West Coast. The trip to Mars takes about six months and once it's on the planet the lander will begin studying the deep interior of Mars. Using an ultra-sensitive seismometer it will listen for seismic waves bouncing through the planet created by marsquakes. That allows scientists to study what the rocky planet is made of.
Scientists have been interested in learning about the geological activity of Mars for some time, as Space.com reports, "both for the sake of science and for anyone who might go there."
"With NASA striving to take humans back to the Moon and onto Mars and beyond, understanding the geologic activity of the planet can aid in future mission planning," David Ferrill of the Southwest Research Institute in San Antonio, Texas, explained.
New Partnership Committed to Transforming Half-Mile Radius Around Transit Stations into Hubs of Opportunity
CHICAGO, IL--(Marketwired - February 15, 2017) - L-Evated Chicago -- a new collaborative that will use existing transit to create hubs of opportunity -- today announced that Chicago was selected to join the Strong, Prosperous, And Resilient Communities Challenge (SPARCC). SPARCC is a three-year, $90 million initiative that will bolster local groups and leaders in six cities in their efforts to ensure that major new investments in transportation, housing, health, and sustainability are made in ways that improve equity, health, and environmental outcomes for all residents.
L-Evated Chicago is a diverse collaborative representing community-based and civic organizations, nonprofit policy and advocacy groups, community development financial institutions, and the City of Chicago. The collaborative is committed to transforming the half-mile radius around transit stations into hubs of opportunity and connection across our region's vast transit system. L-Evated Chicago views station areas as optimal locations for planning, programming, urban design, and development to address the region's deeply rooted disparities in racial equity, public health, and climate resiliency. L-Evated Chicago will align capital, policy, and programmatic resources with the unique interests and needs of communities.
The SPARCC initiative chose L-Evated Chicago following a competitive application process in 2016. The collaborative has been awarded $1 million in direct grant and technical assistance funds over the next three years. Collectively, the six national SPARCC sites will have access to $70 million of financing and $14 million in additional programmatic support. The initial six SPARCC sites include: Atlanta, Chicago, Denver, Los Angeles, Memphis, and San Francisco Bay Area.
These funds offer the opportunity to align and leverage several new local initiatives -- such as the City of Chicago's Neighborhood Opportunity Bonus program that leverages investment in downtown to support redevelopment in the neighborhoods; the City Treasurer's Chicago Community Catalyst Fund to invest $100 million in projects and businesses in underserved neighborhoods; and the Chicago Community Trust's new strategic focus on race and equity.
"We have great community resources on the south side along the Green line. We have a vibrant arts and culture scene -- and nothing less than a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity with the Obama Presidential Library," said Ghian Foreman, head of the Washington Park Development Group and one of the eight groups that comprise L-Evated Chicago. "With the SPARCC initiative, we will be able to reach further into our communities to make sure future investments build on and respect our existing community efforts and assets."
In addition to neighborhoods within a half-mile radius of the Green line south, L-Evated Chicago will focus its outreach and development efforts on communities near the Green line west, Blue line northwest, and Pink line southwest.
"Chicago's long history of racial and economic segregation is no secret, and past investment decisions and policies have too often reinforced that segregation," said Juan Carlos Linares, executive director of Latin United Community Housing Association (LUCHA), a member of L-Evated Chicago. "By working both within and across our communities -- and leveraging our transit system to enhance and connect our efforts -- our SPARCC collaboration with community stakeholders will serve as an important tool to reverse that legacy and advance a more equitable and prosperous Chicago."
Other members of L-Evated Chicago include: The Chicago Community Trust, where the initiative will be housed; Enterprise Community Partners Chicago and IFF, both local nonprofit lenders; Center for Neighborhood Technology and the Metropolitan Planning Council, leading policy and planning groups; University of Chicago Arts and Public Life, an arts and culture community partner; and the City of Chicago Department of Public Health.
"In the past, policy, programmatic, and site-specific decisions about how and where to invest have been done in silos and all too often led to deeper poverty, disinvestment, and health risks for people of color and low-income communities," said Dr. Julie Morita, commissioner of the Chicago Department of Public Health. "This is a critical moment when significant health, transit, and real estate investments are coming, or are already underway, and people of all races and incomes can benefit. We are excited to have Chicago as one of the SPARCC sites and look forward to seeing the results of these efforts to positively impact our city."
"The threats from climate change are being borne largely by low-income people and communities of color," said Shelley Poticha, director of urban solutions at the Natural Resources Defense Council, one of the national partners of SPARCC. "If we continue business as usual, health and economic disparities like this will continue to grow. Our SPARCC cities and regions are helping to change that by creating a vision of opportunity that takes community revitalization to a new level."
In addition to funding support, each SPARCC site has access to an extensive learning network and advisory services from a range of experts to help advance local efforts.
SPARCC is an initiative of Enterprise Community Partners, the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco, the Low Income Investment Fund, and the Natural Resources Defense Council, with funding support from the Ford Foundation, The JPB Foundation, The Kresge Foundation, the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation, and The California Endowment. Long term, SPARCC's intention is for other cities, communities, and regions to adopt similar approaches to achieving more just economic, health, and environmental outcomes, using the success of SPARCC sites as a model.
About L-Evated Chicago
L-Evated Chicago is a partnership of organizations committed to transforming the half-mile radius around transit stations into hubs of opportunity and connection across our region's vast transit system. We view station areas as the optimal location for planning, programming, urban design and development to converge to address the region's deeply rooted disparities in racial equity, public health, and climate resiliency. L-Evated Chicago's founding partners are: The Chicago Community Trust, Enterprise Community Partners Chicago, IFF, Center for Neighborhood Technology, Metropolitan Planning Council, City of Chicago Department of Public Health, Latin United Community Housing Association, Washington Park Development Group, and Arts + Public Life.
About SPARCC
The Strong, Prosperous, And Resilient Communities Challenge -- or SPARCC -- is supporting local efforts to make sure that everyone benefits from major new investments in the places we live, work, and play. By supporting locally driven initiatives, SPARCC aims to improve equity, health, and environmental outcomes to positively shape our cities and regions for generations. SPARCC is an initiative of Enterprise Community Partners, the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco, the Low Income Investment Fund, and the Natural Resources Defense Council, with funding support from the Ford Foundation, The JPB Foundation, The Kresge Foundation, the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation, and The California Endowment.
For more information on SPARCC and the selected jurisdictions, please visit sparcchub.org.
(credit: CBS)
Here's just a sampling of what's going on this week. Check back next Monday for next week's festivities.
Chanhassen
Making Spirits Bright
Through Jan. 1
The Minnesota Landscape Arboretum has its annual Making Spirits Bright exhibit open, with displays both indoors and out. Take your time and soak it all in.
Duluth
Christmas at Glensheen
Dec. 11-17
Duluth's most famous mansion is decorated to the hilt and available for viewing through several different tours.
Bentleyville Tour of Lights
Dec. 14-17
Over 4 million lights across a 20-acre park in Duluth. It doesn't get much more holiday than this. Bonus: Free admission.
St. Paul
A Victorian Guided House Tour
Dec. 14-17
How did the Ramseys celebrate Christmas? This is the time to find out at the Alexander Ramsey House. And hey—your tour includes cookies baked in the home's wood-fired stove.
Minneapolis
Holidazzle
Dec. 14-17
Outdoor skating, live music, holiday vendors, movie nights, seasonal lights—all at Loring Park.
St. Paul
Christmas Traditions House Tour
Dec. 13-15, Dec. 17
Enjoy a tour of the James J. Hill House, provided by actors portraying servants of the period, telling stories gleaned from actual Hill House documents.
Christmas Saturdays for Families
Dec. 16
Bring the kids to the James J. Hill House for arts and crafts and the fun of exploring a grand old mansion.
St. Paul
Hoppy Holidays Maker's Market
Dec. 15-16
Here's a great way to finish up that holiday shopping: with beer. Go to Urban Growler Brewing Center, have some ale, and visit several local artisans and artists. Live music, and gift wrapping available too.
Stillwater
Hometown for the Holidays
Dec. 15-17
Visit festive downtown Stillwater, find the Strolling Holiday Market, check out the open house at the Aurora Staples Inn, and participate in Caroling Tours on the BierCycle (tour is family-friendly).
Mankato
Christmas at the Hubbard House
Dec. 16-17
Tour the fully decorated 1905 Hubbard House to really get in the holiday spirit.
St. Paul
Santa's Train Shop
Dec. 16-17
Santa and Mrs. Claus will make an appearance at the Jackson Street Roundhouse, which is decorated for the season. Take a ride on the Christmas Train, enjoy live music and jugglers, work on crafts, and partake of free refreshments.
Victorian Christmas Stories
Dec. 17
Experience the ambiance of the fully decorated James J. Hill House while enjoying costumed actors doing holiday readings from Mark Twain, O. Henry, Willa Cather, and of course, Charles Dickens. Note: Tickets are limited, so make your reservation soon.
What else is happening in our state? Be sure to check out the 10 p.m. Tuesday night WCCO newscasts, where you can learn more in the weekly segment, Finding Minnesota.
When Kieran Joe and Peyton Shewmon won a critical late game in their regional tennis match against Thompson Valley's Bailey and Brandon Hamrick, the young Shewmon couldn't help but pump his first and let out an enthusiastic roar.
The Windsor No. 2 doubles duo kept its cool the rest of the match. The duo knew it had to, considering the implications and nip-and-tuck nature of the match.
But, moments later when Joe saw a Thompson Valley shot sail out of bounds, there was no more holding back.
Joe, a grizzled senior, shouted just one word over and over again as he celebrated the victory with Wizards teammates and fans: State.
Shewmon and Joe are statebound after placing third but winning a challenge match against the Hamricks in the most dramatic of fashions: 6-4, 7-6 (7-5), 6-4 during the Class 4A Region 4 tournament Thursday at Centennial Courts.
"When the score was at 5-4, I was like, 'Holy crap, we only have one more (game) to go, and we can make it to state,' " Joe said. "That last point, it was going back and forth, and (Shewmon) is doing a lot of the work. … Finally, once I saw that ball fly in the air, I'm like, 'It's done.' That's when I just got really excited, hyped and let it all out."
Recommended Stories For You
Joe previously qualified for state as a sophomore, while Shewmon is making his state tournament debut.
They represent one of three positions in which Windsor qualified for state, which takes place Thursday-Saturday at Pueblo City Park.
Wizards senior No. 3 singles player Blake Pendleton qualified for state with a runner-up finish, as did the No. 4 doubles duo of junior Kenneth Blake and sophomore Kaden Henry.
Windsor will bring five total competitors to state after bringing just one doubles team a year ago.
Shewmon and Joe's two-hour challenge match was the only one of the tournament, yet it provided easily enough entertainment value to give the talent-laden tournament a dramatic fitting conclusion.
Neither team led by more than two games the entire match — a match that featured seemingly countless numbers of deuces.
After the Hamricks took Set 1, 6-4, they placed Joe and Shewmon's season the brink. They forced match point while up 6-5 in Set 2.
Shewmon and Joe didn't relent, though. They battled back to take the next game. They then jumped out to a quick 6-2 lead in the tiebreaking set before holding on to win 7-5.
The Hamricks were again on the cusp of qualifying for state in the third set, leading 4-3. But, the Windsor duo wrestled that ticket to Pueblo out of the Hamricks' hands, firing on all cylinders in the final three sets.
"Going into the day, they needed to win the first match, they needed help (in the championship match)," Windsor coach Chris Minear said. "They got everything to fall into place, and then they had to turn around and win a match. To fight off a match point in that second set — it would have been fairly easy to quit at that point."
But, there was no quit in the Wizards' focused duo.
Joe and Shewmon split two previous meetings this season with the Hamricks. But, the nerves, intensity and implications were just a tad higher than those regular season encounters.
"The whole time, I was shaking," Shewmon said. "I had the first serve of the game, and just bouncing the ball was a task, honestly."
Shewmon said he was able to fight through those nerves, knowing how determined his partner was to not end his high school tennis career just one win short of qualifying for state.
Still careful to remain composed and level-headed, Shewmon and Joe took one big step toward their gritty victory when Shewmon stroked an ace past the Hamricks to extend a lead to 40-15 in the final game. Shewmon kept a calm, cool exterior despite his obvious nerves, as that point preceded the Hamricks' lob out of bounds, which sealed Windsor's win.
"Since the beginning of the game, I was just thinking I've got to just find a way to finish it," Shewmon said. "Once you get within one point and you're up, you know that you've just got to find a way to get that last point. I was excited to be just one point away."
Teamwork
Windsor was the highest placing Weld team, finishing fourth with 38 points.
Dawson won the team race with 67 points, followed by Thompson Valley (60) and Silver Creek (45).
Greeley Central was fifth with four points, and Northridge was sixth with one.
Mountain View and University were scoreless.
Heading to PUeblo
Pendleton, Shewmon, Joe, Blake and Henry were the only Weld players to qualify for state.
Joe and Shewmon set up their challenge match by beating Greeley Central's Spencer Conway and Gavan Blackburn 7-5, 6-2 in the third-place match.
Pendleton lost 6-1, 6-1 in the No. 3 singles finals to Dawson's Connor Larson. But, Pendleton still clinched his state berth with a quarterfinal win Wednesday over Thompson Valley's Adam Brubaker, who placed third Thursday.
Henry and Blake beat Dawson's Liam Keeley and Dawson Santangelo 7-5, 3-6, 6-2 in the quarterfinals Wednesday before falling to Thompson Valley's Seth Dotson and Aaron Hardy, 6-1, 6-3, in the finals Thursday.
Santangelo and Keeley won their third-place match Thursday, securing a state berth for Blake and Henry.
Team scores — Dawson 67, Thompson Valley 60, Silver Creek 45, Windsor 38, Greeley Central 4, Northridge 1, Mountain View 0, University 0.
Championship matches
Singles — 1. Brandon Nelson, SC, def. Riley Burridge, D, 6-2, 6-4; 2. Ben Bicknell, SC, def. Carter Holbrook, D, 7-6 (7-5), 6-4; 3. Connor Larson, D, def. Blake Pendleton, W, 6-1, 6-1.
Doubles — 1. Gavyn Pure & Finn Jones, D, def. Justin Thompson & Zach Shepherd, SC, 6-0, 6-2; 2. Phil Geraghty & Sam Troughton, D, def. Bailey Hamrick & Brandon Hamrick TV, 6-4, 6-3; 3. Jared Kasprzak & Brody Kasprzak, TV, def. Ryan Oliver & Jordy Grant-Krenz, D, 6-4, 6-4; 4. Seth Dotson & Aaron Hardy, TV, def. Kenneth Blake & Kaden Henry, W, 6-1, 6-3.
Third-place
Singles — 1. Tony Klagge, TV, def. Max McManigal, W, 1-6, 6-1, 6-3; 2. Landon Lees, TV, def. Joe Lombardelli, N, 6-1, 6-1; 3. Adam Brubaker, TV, def. Jared Nielson, SC, 6-3, 6-2.
Doubles — 1. Jonathan Szwaja & Haakon Irey, TV, def. Andrew Fischer & Wesley Smith, W, 3-6, 6-3, 6-2; 2. Kieran Joe & Peyton Shewmon, W, def. Spencer Conway & Gavan Blackburn, GC, 7-5, 6-2; 3. Briggs Reed & Naiose Wilson, W, def. Michael Van Vuuren & William Van Vuuren, SC, 3-6, 7-6 (7-3), 6-2; 4. Dawson Santangelo & Liam Keeley, D, def. Kyle Williams & Roberto Esteban Vera, SC, 6-3, 6-2.
Challenge match
Doubles — 2. Joe & Shewmon, W, def. Ba. Hamrick & Br. Hamrick, D, 6-4, 7-6 (7-5), 6-4.
Share Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
The HandBrake Team has released version 1.1.0 of its open-source video conversion program HandBrake. The update features an overhauled user interface designed for better flow and to look better on high-resolution displays. HandBrake 1.1.0 also adds new presets (for Vimeo, YouTube, and 4K video), adds new sharpening filters, and improves its Apple TV 4K support. VoiceOver navigation has been improved as well, there's now an option to configure the low disk space warning level, and many bugs have been squashed. (Free, 16.1 MB, release notes, 10.7+)
New toddler and juvenile furniture lines will feature characters from "PJ Masks", "Peppa Pig" and popular superhero franchises such as Wonder Woman
NEW YORK, NY--(Marketwired - Apr 17, 2017) - Delta Children, a leading manufacturer of furniture for babies and children, today announced it recently signed its first licensing agreements with Warner Bros. Consumer Products and Entertainment One. The partnerships will bring popular television show characters to new lines of toddler and juvenile furniture launching as soon as this year.
Through the deal with Entertainment One, a leading international entertainment company, Delta Children became an official licensee of pre-school phenomena "PJ Masks" and "Peppa Pig". Kids' furniture lines for both brands will launch later in 2017 and include beds, upholstered chairs, table and chair sets, as well as toy storage.
Delta Children also became an official licensee of the popular Warner Bros. superhero brands Batman, Wonder Woman, Justice League and DC Superhero Girls. Juvenile lines for each license are currently in the early concept stages.
"We're proud to further expand our licensing partnerships by collaborating with these two companies that have some of the most popular characters in children's entertainment, as well as to continue demonstrating our leadership in the space," said Joseph Shamie, president of Delta Children. "Our licensed products provide children with new ways to engage with characters they admire from their favorite television shows, and challenge the limits of their imagination."
Justice League members for which Delta Children has licensing rights include Superman, Batman, Aquaman, Green Lantern, The Flash and Cyborg. Delta Children's DC Superhero Girls license comprises the characters Wonder Woman, Batgirl, Supergirl, Harley Quinn, Katana, Bumblebee and Poison Ivy.
"Delta is the go-to company for licensing popular characters for children's furniture," said Jennifer Snyder, vice president of licensing at Delta Children. "Whether purchasing a single piece or a complete collection, our products transform a room and make any child feel like the star of their own story."
About Delta Children
The Shamie family founded Delta Children more than 40 years ago on the premise that every family should be able to afford a safe crib for their baby. From day one, Delta has been known for safety and innovation in its cribs, strollers and other children's products. Delta sells more cribs than any other brand worldwide. Whether for infants or young teens, every safe, high-quality Delta product is crafted to deliver timeless design, outstanding value and myriad uses for years to come. For more information about Delta Children, please visit www.DeltaChildren.com, Facebook.com/DeltaChildren or Twitter @DeltaChildren.
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
An Israeli soldier stands guard in the Israeli settlement of Bet El, facing the West Bank city of Ramallah, which can be seen in the background. (MENAHEM KAHANA/AFP/Getty Images)
A U.S. network of pro-settlement non-profits aids in the displacement of Palestinians.
Advocates fear that the appointment sends a signal to the Israeli settler movement that encroachment upon Palestinian land will get little meaningful pushback from the United States.
President Donald Trump's choice of David Friedman—his former bankruptcy lawyer—as U.S. ambassador to Israel has sparked controversy amongst supporters of Palestinian rights.
Left-leaning Jewish groups J Street and Jewish Voice for Peace have blasted Friedman for raising millions of dollars for an Israeli settlement in the West Bank. The U.S. Campaign for Palestinian Rights says Friedman is “unfit” because he has spoken approvingly of Israeli annexation of the West Bank.
Friedman, whose Senate confirmation hearing is set for Thursday, is the president of American Friends of Bet El Yeshiva, a pro-settlement nonprofit based in Forest Hills, N.Y. Trump and his son-in-law Jared Kushner's family foundation are among the nonprofit's donors. It has poured millions of dollars into infrastructure, including a news outlet and religious schools, for Bet El, a hardline hilltop settlement north of the Palestinian city of Ramallah.
Settlements are one of the major flashpoints in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict because they are built on Palestinian land and displace Palestinian residents. Friedman's pro-settlement stance puts him at odds with international law, under which the settlements are considered illegal, and with past U.S. administrations, which have consistently opposed settlement construction as harmful to the Israel-Palestinian peace process.
Donald Trump's election has emboldened the settler movement, which sees Trump and his advisers as sympathetic to its cause. On January 24, the Israeli government announced approval for 2,500 new settler housing units in the occupied West Bank.
President Trump has sent mixed signals on his position on settlements, but recently told an Israeli paper he doesn't think they are good for peace.
However, his chosen ambassador may be directly aiding the planned expansion. Twenty of the 2,500 new units are slated for Bet El—and appear to be underwritten in part by a donation from American Friends of Bet El Yeshiva. In 2015, Friedman's organization gave about $666,000 to the Israeli group Sukkat Ovadia Yeshiva of Bet El. That group put cash behind plans for the five-story building with 20 apartments, according to Hagit Ofran, the director of the Israeli group Peace Now's Settlement Watch project.
These apartment units are particularly controversial because they are illegally built on private Palestinian land—as opposed to land that the Israeli military confiscated for the purposes of building settlements. (The illegality of building on private Palestinian land, however, is beginning to change. Earlier this month, the Israeli Parliament passed a law that would, over the next six months, retroactively legalize many settlements on private land.)
Trump is apparently still working out his policy on Israeli settlements. But advocates fear that the appointment of Friedman sends a signal to the Israeli settler movement that encroachment upon Palestinian land will get little meaningful pushback from the United States.
The money trail
American Friends of Bet El Yeshiva is one of dozens of similar U.S. pro-settlement nonprofits whose donors receive tax write-offs from the U.S. government, despite the government's historic opposition to settlement construction.
Some of these nonprofits go beyond funding settlement infrastructure to funding security operations. An investigation in the March issue of In These Times looks into one such charity, called the One Israel Fund.
Based in the suburb of Cedarhurst, New York, the One Israel Fund has, since 2001, raised at least $26 million for a variety of West Bank settlements. The money does not just go towards construction of homes and other institutions in the occupied West Bank. In These Times found that at least $960,000 went to security personnel.
These security guards are not a typical police force. Trained by the Israeli military, but paid by the settlements, these live-in civilian security guards form what is essentially a state-sanctioned, militarized neighborhood watch program. The boundaries of that neighborhood, however, can be blurry: Guards often venture out into surrounding Palestinian villages. In These Times found that these guards harass, intimidate and threaten to kill Palestinians—and face virtually no accountability for their actions.
David Friedman's appointment as U.S. ambassador to Israel has put settlement non-profits in an uncomfortable spotlight. This raises an opportunity to consider their grounds for tax-exempt status, as well as the broader U.S. role in furthering Palestinian dispossession and displacement.
A heartwrenching video went viral over the weekend that shows a young boy named Keaton Jones crying after being bullied at school. I had tears watching this last night. “They make fun of my nose. They call me ugly. They say I have no friends,” Keaton tells his mom as they sit in the car. “They put milk on me and put ham down my clothes, throw bread at me.” He continues, “Just out of curiosity, why do they bully? What's the point of it? Why do you find joy in taking innocent people and finding a way to be mean to them? It's not okay.” Jones' video, which his mother posted on Facebook, touched thousands of people and many celebrities expressed their support for the boy.
UFC president Dana White invited him to visit Las Vegas and many fighters offered to serve as his “bodyguards.” Meanwhile, Chris Evans tweeted, “While those punks at your school are deciding what kind of people they want to be in this world, how would you and your mom like to come to the Avengers premiere in L.A. next year?”
Thank u all for helping try to find Keaton. 1000% the greatest post and response in my social media history. This kid is special and we all feel it. Dying to meet him!! — Dana White (@danawhite) December 10, 2017
Stay strong, Keaton. Don't let them make you turn cold. I promise it gets better. While those punks at your school are deciding what kind of people they want to be in this world, how would you and your mom like to come to the Avengers premiere in LA next year? https://t.co/s1QwCQ3toi — Chris Evans (@ChrisEvans) December 10, 2017
Hailee Steinfeld also reached out to Jones. “I just wanted to say I think you are amazing and what makes you so special is there is only one you,” she declared in a video message. “And I would love for you, Keaton Jones, to be my date to the Pitch Perfect 3 premiere on Tuesday.”
Hi @Lakyn_Jones, could you pass this message along to Keaton? ❤ pic.twitter.com/3l8P4fKAqW — Hailee Steinfeld (@HaileeSteinfeld) December 10, 2017
Additionally, Stranger Things star Millie Bobby Brown tweeted to let Jones know, “I think you're sooo cool Keaton! I wanna be your friend.”
Keaton, this is so accurate. Why do people do this? I think your sooo cool Keaton! I wanna be your friend ( but srsly) ur freakin awesome ❤️ https://t.co/LD7Q762bL9 — Millie Bobby Brown (@milliebbrown) December 9, 2017
Justin Bieber showing his support as well.
A post shared by Justin Bieber (@justinbieber) on Dec 10, 2017 at 7:20pm PST
Click here for more information about anti-bullying and how to get involved.
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Map of Human Migration
Mar 19 2018 (IOM) - When humans first ventured out of Africa some 60,000 years ago, they left genetic footprints still visible today. By mapping the appearance and frequency of genetic markers in modern peoples, we create a picture of when and where ancient humans moved around the world. These great migrations eventually led the descendants of a small group of Africans to occupy even the farthest reaches of the Earth.
Our species is an African one: Africa is where we first evolved, and where we have spent the majority of our time on Earth. The earliest fossils of recognizably modern Homo sapiens appear in the fossil record at Omo Kibish in Ethiopia, around 200,000 years ago. Although earlier fossils may be found over the coming years, this is our best understanding of when and approximately where we originated. Learn more about Early Human Milestones
According to the genetic and paleontological record, we only started to leave Africa between 60,000 and 70,000 years ago. What set this in motion is uncertain, but we think it has something to do with major climatic shifts that were happening around that time—a sudden cooling in the Earth's climate driven by the onset of one of the worst parts of the last Ice Age. This cold snap would have made life difficult for our African ancestors, and the genetic evidence points to a sharp reduction in population size around this time. In fact, the human population likely dropped to fewer than 10,000. We were holding on by a thread. Learn more about Migratory Crossings
Once the climate started to improve, after 70,000 years ago, we came back from this near-extinction event. The population expanded, and some intrepid explorers ventured beyond Africa. The earliest people to colonize the Eurasian landmass likely did so across the Bab-al-Mandab Strait separating present-day Yemen from Djibouti. These early beachcombers expanded rapidly along the coast to India, and reached Southeast Asia and Australia by 50,000 years ago. The first great foray of our species beyond Africa had led us all the way across the globe. Learn more about the Migration to Australia
Slightly later, a little after 50,000 years ago, a second group appears to have set out on an inland trek, leaving behind the certainties of life in the tropics to head out into the Middle East and southern Central Asia. From these base camps, they were poised to colonize the northern latitudes of Asia, Europe, and beyond. Learn more about Migration Mysteries
Around 20,000 years ago a small group of these Asian hunters headed into the face of the storm, entering the East Asian Arctic during the Last Glacial Maximum. At this time the great ice sheets covering the far north had literally sucked up much of the Earth's moisture in their vast expanses of white wasteland, dropping sea levels by more than 300 feet. This exposed a land bridge that connected the Old World to the New, joining Asia to the Americas. In crossing it, the hunters had made the final great leap of the human journey. By 15,000 years ago they had penetrated the land south of the ice, and within 1,000 years they had made it all the way to the tip of South America. Some may have even made the journey by sea. Learn more about the Bridge to the New World
The story doesn't end there, of course. The rise of agriculture around 10,000 years ago—and the population explosion it created—has left a dramatic impact on the human gene pool. The rise of empires, the astounding oceangoing voyages of the Polynesians, even the extraordinary increase in global migration over the past 500 years could all leave traces in our DNA. There are many human journey questions waiting to be asked and answered. What stories are waiting to be told in your own DNA? Learn more about The Development of Agriculture
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Noise cancellation has become such an important feature in headphones to me that if I find myself in an airport without them, I'll probably shell out the cash to buy a new set.
I've learned that noise cancellation can have that almost magical effect of turning what would otherwise be a nightmare flight full of screaming babies into a pleasant few hours of listening to music or podcasts. So I thought that noise cancellation would be a key feature in all my future headsets, but the Jabra Halo Smart wireless stereo earbuds now have me thinking otherwise, after a few weeks of use.
Top-line specs and features
Bluetooth 4.0
Battery life: 17 hours talk time, 15 hours music time
Wind noise protection
Google Now / Siri quick access button
Dust and water resistant
Price: $99
Sound quality – calls and music
Jabra is a brand that's well-reputed for manufacturing good quality Bluetooth headsets meant to be paired with smartphones for making phone calls. More recently it's expanded its product line to offer various Bluetooth-connected audio products better suited for use while exercising, while driving, or for listening to music. With the Halo Smart, music lovers are the intended target audience, so let's start there.
I didn't really hear Radiohead's new album, A Moon Shaped Pool, until I listened to it on the Halo Smart headset. Not to say this headset is the best audio experience you can possibly have, but I'd previously played the new album a couple of times on my wired headphones. But listening to it on the Halo Smart, the quality was noticeably better. The headset just has great fidelity and I was able to hear more of the nuances of the music, and appreciate Thom Yorke's falsetto more properly with the range provided by the headset. I think you'd be hard priced to find much better quality than this in a headset, especially within the same price range. Even the bass has a satisfying thump that's hard to get out of earbuds.
Related
4 best Bluetooth headsets for business Best Headsets for Business By Diana Zelikman, Fueled Choosing a headset is an important decision if you make many business calls. A headset with great call quality that's comfortable and easy to use May 13th, 2014 Fueled @Fueled Published on:Fueled
As I mentioned, the lack of noise cancellation technology is a real downside here. Once you're spending around $100 on a premium headset, noise cancellation is an attainable feature and for many, the killer feature that you're paying for. As a result, I find myself cranking the volume up to maximum when I'm riding the subway, which probably means I'll be deaf in about six months.
For calls, I can always hear the other person on the line very clearly. No one has complained they can't hear me when I'm using the headset, indicating the onboard microphone is very adequate. Incoming calls are signalled with beeps and you can switch from listening to Radiohead to talking on the phone (if you want to) by clicking one button on the headset.
Build quality and battery life
After I dipped one of my earbuds in my coffee mug on one groggy morning, I discovered what Jabra means when it says the Halo Smart is “built for life.” I was pleased that the headset continued to function well. These earbuds aren't delicate pearls that need to be sealed in a case when you transport them either – I just throw them in my backpack alongside my laptop and lunch, confident they'll survive and be ready to play music when I need it.
The battery life is also great. I haven't tested Jabra's claims of 17 hours of straight talk time or 15 hours of music playback because I'm not sure I can even stay awake that long. What I do know is that I can be confident about picking up this headset, turning it on, and the battery not dying. So long as you turn it off when you're done using it, the Halo Smart seems to keep a charge very well. I don't stress about charging this up every day, and when I need to it connects to any micro USB cord available to power up.
The little things
While it's a very simple headset to operate and doesn't have many frills, I have to give the Halo Smart a few points for some elegant features. First of all, it can connect to multiple devices at the same time. That means I can listen to the audio from my MacBook, and still answer an incoming call on my iPhone with the headset seamlessly. Plus, you don't have to fiddle with your Bluetooth settings on your devices to connect and disconnect the Halo Smart – it just connects and starts working.
The headset has the buttons you'd expect – play/pause and volume controls, plus a button that provides quick access to Siri on iPhone, or Google Now on Android. This is a nice convenience, since it lets you make a call or send a text hands-free. Though I didn't find that this button worked seamlessly every time – sometimes it failed to activate Siri, or Siri would turn on and not take my commands. I learned that waiting a couple more seconds than I normally would before speaking to Siri resolved some of the problems.
There are magnets on the headphones and at two locations on the band that sits on your neck. So instead of just dangling, the headphones can either stick together, or to the band. The band itself is adjustable so it will comfortably fit around your neck. But I found it to be a bit too back heavy, and a couple of times it slid off my neck and I found the headset clinging on to my skull by the earbuds alone. Flexing the band inwards to be a tighter fit can help avoid this, but there's no guarantee.
Jabra offers an app that you can use alongside this headset. Jabra Assist will read out your calendar notifications and email on Android, locate your device if you lose track of it, and display your battery life with a visual. I didn't bother with this.
TL;DR
Pros
Good quality sound
Connects to multiple devices simultaneously
Long battery life
Durable
Convenient to slip in and out of ears
Good phone call experience
Cons
More expensive headset
No noise cancelling
No wired option
Can slip off your neck
Overall, I'm happy to use this headset in many different situations – sitting at my desk and working on my computer, or connected to my smartphone while I'm on the go. I wish it had noise cancellation for noisy subway rides and flights, but it's loud enough to hear without. The long battery life, reliable connection to my devices, and durable build quality put it over the top as a premium headset for me.
Ludacris was ready to throw down on Saturday night after a concertgoer interrupted his latest show in New Jersey.
The rapper was performing during the grand opening of the Hard Rock Hotel & Casino's DAER Nightclub in Atlantic City. During his set, one of the attendees reportedly threw a plastic cup at Luda while he was on stage, which obviously caused an abrupt intermission in his performance.
“‘Cause I'm going to be real with you. This muthaf***in' song called ‘Throw Dem Bows' [‘Southern Hospitality'], that shit is real and I'll come down there and whoop yo' muthaf***in' a**,” he yelled into the crowd, who cheered back at him. He then proceeded to ask who threw it before starting the song over again.
Check out the footage of Ludacris keeping it real with the disrespectful fan below
According to recent reports, a group of Indiana Democrats has been arrested in connection with submitting fraudulent voter registrations. Prosecutors charged 11 temporary canvassers and their supervisor, Holiday Burke, who were working for the Indiana Voter Registration Project, for submitting false voter registration applications before the 2016 election.
The group is managed by Patriot Majority USA, which has links to the Democratic Party and former President Bill Clinton. The organization became the subject of an investigation in August after Hendricks County flagged a dozen registrations as being ‘suspicious.'
Prosecutors and police believe the fraud occurred because of “a very bad, ill-advised business practice” of giving canvassers a daily quota of registrations to meet. Workers have admitted to falsifying registrations, noting that they faced the possibility of losing their job if they didn't register at least 10 new voters a day. The affidavit says supervisors told canvassers “to obtain their quota by any means necessary.”
“By giving someone a financial motive to (meet a quote) is what caused these canvassers to cut corners and do things that not only undermined the goal of having legitimately registered voters but led to a situation where we allege it bled over into criminal conduct,” Marion County Prosecutor Terry Curry said.
If convicted, the defendants will face a prison term of up to 2.5 years.
MEXICO CITY (AP) — Tropical Storm Nate gained force as it sped past Mexico's Yucatan Peninsula late Friday after drenching Central America in rain that was blamed for at least 21 deaths. Forecasters said it was likely to reach the U.S. Gulf Coast as a hurricane over the weekend.
Louisiana and Mississippi officials declared states of state of emergency and Louisiana ordered some people to evacuate coastal areas and barrier islands ahead of its expected landfall Saturday night or early Sunday. Evacuations began at some offshore oil platforms in the Gulf.
Mississippi's government said it would open 11 evacuation shelters in areas away from the immediate coast, with buses available for people who can't drive.
The U.S. National Hurricane Center warned that Nate could raise sea levels by 4 to 7 feet (1.2 to 2.1 meters) from Morgan City, Louisiana, to the Alabama-Florida border. It had already had caused deadly flooding in much of Central America.
The center added metropolitan New Orleans and Lake Pontchartrain to its latest hurricane warning.
The storm had maximum sustained winds of 70 mph (110 kph) by Friday night and was likely to strengthen over the Gulf of Mexico, reaching the U.S. Gulf coast near New Orleans late Saturday as a hurricane, according to the hurricane center.
The storm was located about 500 miles (800 kilometers) south-southeast of the mouth of the Mississippi River and was moving north-northwest at 22 mph (35 kph).
Authorities cancelled Friday afternoon classes in parts of Mexico's Caribbean coast state of Quintana Roo, where Cozumel and Cancun are located. But Gov. Carlos Joaquin said it appeared the storm would stay well offshore and not hit land, adding “that, I believe, is good news.”
In Nicaragua, Nate's arrival followed two weeks of near-constant rain that had left the ground saturated and rivers swollen. Authorities placed the whole country on alert and warned of flooding and landslides.
Nicaragua's vice president and spokeswoman, Rosario Murillo, said that at least 11 people had died in that country due to the storm. Earlier Thursday she had said 15 people had died before later revising to say some of those were still counted as missing. She didn't give details on all the deaths, but said two women and a man who worked for the Health Ministry were swept away by a flooded canal in the central municipality of Juigalpa.
Costa Rica's Judicial Investigation Organism blamed seven deaths in that country on the storm and said 15 people were missing. Flooding drove 5,000 residents into emergency shelters.
In Honduras, there were three dead and three missing, according to Oscar Triminio, spokesman for the country's firefighters.
Damage caused by the storm prompted Costa Rican officials to postpone a World Cup qualifying soccer match between that country and Honduras, which had been scheduled for Friday night.
In Louisiana, Gov. John Bel Edwards declared a state of emergency and mobilized 1,300 National Guard troops, with 15 headed to New Orleans to monitor the fragile pumping system there.
With forecasts projecting landfall in southeast Louisiana as a Category 1 hurricane, Edwards urged residents to ready for rainfall, storm surge and severe winds — and to be where they intend to hunker down by “dark on Saturday.”
Louisiana's governor said Nate is forecast to move quickly, rather than stall and drop tremendous amounts of rain on the state. State officials hope that means New Orleans won't run into problems with its pumps being able to handle the water.
Edwards warned, however, against underestimating the storm.
The National Hurricane Center issued a hurricane warning from Grand Isle, Louisiana to the Alabama-Florida border.
Officials ordered the evacuation of part of coastal St. Bernard Parish east of New Orleans ahead of the storm. Earlier Thursday, a voluntary evacuation was called in the barrier island town of Grand Isle south of New Orleans.
New Orleans officials outlined steps to bolster the city's pump and drainage system. Weaknesses in that system were revealed during summer flash floods.
The Bureau of Safety and Environmental Enforcement's New Orleans office said in a news release that as of midday Thursday, six production platforms, out of the 737 manned platforms in the Gulf, had been evacuated. No drilling rigs were evacuated, but one moveable rig was taken out of the storm's path.
The agency estimated less than 15 percent of the current oil production in the Gulf of Mexico has been shut-in, which equates to 254,607 barrels of oil per day.
Jagapathi Babu
Yes, we are talking about popular Telugu actor Jagapathi Babu, who entered Mollywood in style with the movie Pulimurugan. The actor, who essayed a character named Daddy Girija in Pulimurugan, emerged as a quite popular figure among the Malayalam film audiences. Later, he went on to play an important role in Pranav Mohanlal's debut movie Aadhi as well.
Jagapathi Babu In Mammootty's Upcoming Movie?
Yathra is an upcoming film of Mammootty, which marks the return of the actor to Tollywood after a gap of close to two decades. Mammootty plays the lead role in this film, which is the biopic of former Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister YS Rajasekhara Reddy and according to the latest reports Jagapathi Babu is also a part of this movie.
Jagapathi Babu's Role In The Movie
Jagapathi Babu is a much popular face of the Telugu film industry. According to the reports that have surfaced, the popular actor has been roped in to play the role of YS Raja Reddy, the father of YS Rajasekhara Reddy. An official confirmation regarding the same is awaited.
The Shoot Of Yathra
Meanwhile, the shoot of Yathra is currently progressing in Hyderabad. The filming had commenced in the month of June itself. The much awaited film is being directed by young film-maker Mahi Raghav. Further details regarding the cast of the movie are being awaited.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
NEWARK, N.J. — Authorities say a New Jersey police officer took part in the assault of a patient at a hospital and recorded another assault of the same patient on his cellphone, then didn't report either incident.
Paterson Officer Roger Then was arrested Wednesday and charged with conspiring to violate the patient's civil rights and for concealing the violation. The 29-year-old Paterson resident was due in court later in the day, and it wasn't known if he had an attorney.
Federal prosecutors say Then and another Paterson officer were involved in the separate assaults on March 5. Authorities say the victim had multiple facial injuries, including an eye injury that required surgery.
It wasn't immediately clear if the other officer is facing charges.
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach Pause
1:24 Gun dealer describes confusion, complexity in California's new gun laws
0:49 Morro Bay police share details of homicide investigation
1:36 2016's worst red-light runners
1:33 How to grill ribs: Tips from The Rib Line's kitchen
1:40 A look back at SLO startup Shopatron, as Kibo announces local layoffs
1:07 The holidays are at home with the Fortinis
0:46 Nephew shares memories of David Fear, who died in Grover Beach dog attack
0:47 Great white shark caught on video in Morro Bay
Ranbir Kapoor-Vaani Kapoor-starrer Shamshera will hit the screens on July 31, 2020. The action entertainer will be directed by Karan Malhotra and produced by Yash Raj Films. Shamshera, also starring Sanjay Dutt as antagonist, is set to go on the floors by the end of this year, according to the production house.
The project marks Ranbir's return to YRF after a gap of nine years. His last project with the banner was "Rocket Singh: Salesman of the Year". This will be Vaani's third film with the production house, after her debut "Shuddh Desi Romance" (2013) and "Befikre" (2016). The shooting of the film will wrap by mid 2019.
Ranbir believes Shamshera is quite a departure for him. "Shamshera is not a story of a 'daaku', but a filmbased in the 1800s, it is about a dacoit tribe who are fighting for their right and independence from the British. There was a great story of heroism, a story rooted in our country which actually happened back then," Ranbir told PTI.
"It is a departure from the kind of films I have done, it is not the coming-of-age lover boy roles which I have done often. 'Shamshera' is in the aspirational space, the space of true, badass commercial cinema."
Ranbir also said that the film will have an element of romance as well because Hindi movies are incomplete with a love story, says the actor. "A true blue Hindi film has everything- comedy, action, romance drama. And all these films I am doing are all in that direction, we are trying to have all these factors in it."
5:11 Advocates of the Chumash Heritage National Marine Sanctuary explain why they support it Pause
1:01 Parker Jones's steal, free throws save the day for Mission Prep in win over SLO High
6:35 Video shown at SLO Chamber of Commerce dinner draws allegations of sexism
1:35 Crews working to patch a leaky levee at Tyler Island
1:38 Flying over Paso Robles in a Ford Tri-Motor airplane
1:36 2016's worst red-light runners
1:29 Hiking Boucher Trail at Piedras Blancas
0:28 Atascadero Creek threatens nearby home
1:53 Salud Carbajal talks about his priorities in Congress
RALEIGH, N.C. (AP) — North Carolina's NAACP chapter is turning its back on the state's most prominent Democrat, skipping its traditional invitation for Gov. Roy Cooper to be honored by the group seen as a stalwart backer of Democrats.
Cooper's office on Friday declined to comment on the civil rights group's decision to shut out the governor from its annual convention this weekend. Cooper says he's disappointed.
State NAACP President Rev. William Barber told Cooper last week the governor and former state attorney general hasn't done enough to free 42-year-old Dontae Sharpe. Barber wants a pardon for the convicted killer imprisoned for 22 years.
No physical evidence linked Sharpe to the 1994 crime. An eyewitness recanted her testimony and a former Greenville police homicide detective believes Sharpe was wrongly convicted because of dubious testimony.
EDEN PRAIRIE, Minn. (AP) — The Minnesota Vikings returned home from Carolina as a defeated team for the first time in 10 weeks, carrying with them a long list of cringe-worthy and uncharacteristic blunders that contributed to the loss.
The outcome, though, could actually work in their favor.
With all that postseason capital built up over the eight-game winning streak, the Vikings had a margin for the error they exhibited Sunday while being beaten by the Panthers 31-24. Provided they can steer themselves back on track over the remaining three games on the schedule and maintain their grip on a first-round bye for the playoffs, they will have rid themselves of some sloppiness before it truly hurts them. They host the Cincinnati Bengals (5-8) this weekend.
“It could be way worse. We're in a good situation, and we've just got to keep it going that way,” said defensive end Everson Griffen, one of several upbeat players in the locker room Monday at team headquarters. “We're a very composed team, and I don't think we're going to let this get to us at all. We're going to go back to work. We're going to have that sense of urgency.”
Playing on the road against a confident and deep team, the Vikings (10-3) trailed by one point at halftime despite an opening-drive interception thrown by Case Keenum, a 60-yard touchdown run by Jonathan Stewart against a defense that has surrendered few long gains all season, and rare dropped passes by Kyle Rudolph and Adam Thielen.
A reception by Rudolph likely would've put the Vikings in field-goal range during a possession that ended in a punt. Thielen had two chances for a touchdown with the Vikings sniffing the end zone late in the second quarter, but after one throw hit him in the chest and bounced away, he bobbled another that was ruled incomplete by a replay review that angered head coach Mike Zimmer. Thielen sounded resigned to the controversial rule requiring receivers to fully control the ball without any movement when they hit the ground.
“The ball moved a little bit,” he said. “That's just how it is.”
The second half included a fumble by Keenum that looked like an incomplete pass, leaving the Vikings unaware they needed to try to cover the ball, and a second interception off a bobble by Stefon Diggs.
“We don't want to have any mistakes, regardless, whether it's now or later on,” running back Latavius Murray said. “But the fact that they're right now and we still have everything we want in front of us, I think that's a good thing. So it's a chance for us to learn from that.”
The Vikings fell one game behind Philadelphia for the NFC lead, though the Eagles lost quarterback Carson Wentz to a season-ending knee injury.
With right tackle Mike Remmers missing for a fifth straight game, the last two because of lower back trouble, center Pat Elflein joined him on the sideline with a shoulder injury in his first career scratch. Then left tackle Riley Reiff hurt his ankle in the third quarter, prompting Remmers' replacement Rashod Hill to switch sides; Jeremiah Sirles to move from left guard to right tackle; and Danny Isidora to enter at left guard. Nick Easton had slid over from left guard to center to play for Elflein, which thrust Sirles into the starting lineup.
“Even with how poorly we played up front, which we thought we played poorly watching the film, we still had a chance to win it there at the end,” Sirles said. “Which just goes to show if we can be on our game up front, it doesn't really matter who's in there, we can do well.”
Elflein practiced last week on a limited basis, so his injury is not serious. Reiff's departure from the stadium in a walking boot raised a significant concern, but Zimmer said his ankle was “a lot better than he thought it was going to be” when he was treated Monday.
“When you have injuries, you're going to have backup players play in there,” Zimmer said. “We're not going to make an excuse for this game or for players that come in or anything else. We'll take ownership of what we did Sunday, and we'll move forward.”
(© Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
The side of Jimmy J's Dairy Freeze is boarded up after a car crash on Saturday night. (KTEN)
The side of Jimmy J's Dairy Freeze is boarded up after a car crash on Saturday night. (KTEN)
ARDMORE, Okla. -- An Ardmore restaurant got an unwanted drive-thru addition over the weekend.
A car slammed into the side of Jimmy J's Dairy Freeze at 10 G Street NW on Saturday night.
Police said the two occupants of the vehicle ran away after the collision.
So far, there are no arrests in connection with the crash.
The restaurant said will be closed until further notice. "We can use a lot of prayers," the owner said in a Facebook post.
Sens. Neil Riser, R-Columbia, seated left; J.P. Morrell, D-New Orleans, seated center; and Dale Erdey, R-Livingston; look through amendments to a tax bill on Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Baton Rouge, La. (AP Photo/Melinda Deslatte)la
CALGARY, AB and DENVER, CO--(Marketwired - February 15, 2017) - For the fourth straight time, Long View (longviewsystems.com), one of North America's most powerful providers of Hybrid IT solutions and services has been positioned as one of the "Niche Players" on Gartner's January 2017 Magic Quadrant.
Evaluated in the Managed Workplace Services report, Gartner positioned Long View based on the company's execution and strategic vision for the future of Managed Workplace Services.
"We're very proud to once again be positioned on Gartner's Magic Quadrant, along with 20 outstanding North American Managed Workplace Services providers," says Long View's Executive Vice President of Operations, Phil Edgell. "To be included amidst the significant changes that have taken place in the end-user outsourcing market we feel demonstrates our strategic vision, execution, and innovation in this space. When the offering is paired with our core One Cloud offering we are truly differentiated in the market."
"Long View's flexible and agile solutions have led the way in the shift from employees needing to work in one location to IT enabling employees to be productive in several locations, and at any time of day," adds Robin Bell, Long View's Chief Technology Officer. "We believe our position on the Magic Quadrant is once again something we are celebrating and feel it proves we are a visionary client partner when it comes to digital workplace capabilities, both on premise and in the cloud."
Long View supports over 97,000 users (both service desk and workplace devices) with 730,800 contacts handled, manages over 78,000 desktops/laptops and supports over 68,000 smartphones and tablets with four (4) dedicated service desk centers and 114 agents. Long View's End User Experience offerings include service desk, desk side support, mobility, collaboration, productivity tools and assessments, with an ultimate goal of ensuring end-user experiences are positive and seamless. Long View's hybrid cloud solution rounds out this offering through providing a combination of cloud types across multiple platforms to further enhance employee flexibility and productivity.
Inclusion in the Magic Quadrant is based on ability to execute and completeness of vision. Evaluation criteria for the ability to execute in this Magic Quadrant include: Overall viability, sales execution/pricing, customer experience, operations, products and services, market responsiveness and marketing execution.
Gartner's detailed analysis of key trends, providers, and offerings helps to source executives choose the right provider in a crowded and critical market.
ABOUT THE MAGIC QUADRANT: Gartner does not endorse any vendor, product, or service depicted in its research publications, and does not advise technology users to select only those vendors with the highest ratings or other designation. Gartner research publications consist of the opinions of Gartner's research organization and should not be construed as statements of fact. Gartner disclaims all warranties, expressed or implied, with respect to this research, including any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose.
ABOUT LONG VIEW: Long View is one of the most powerful IT solutions and services companies in North America, with offices across the continent. With a clear focus on combining business and technology through our Hybrid IT solutions, including cloud, IT infrastructure, managed services, and end user support, Long View is able to define and customize what the future of IT looks like for our clients. Innovative, flexible, cost-effective, and business focused . . . that's Long View.
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) — As Minnesota prepares to host Super Bowl LII in February, advocates for victims of sex trafficking and members of law enforcement are working hard to prevent a spike in the illegal practice.
Beth Holger-Ambrose, executive director at The Link, a non-profit providing services and housing for homeless and sexually-exploited youth, said there are many people working to prevent sex trafficking year-round. But a big event like the Super Bowl allows advocates to educate people who may have misconceptions about the difficult topic.
“The Super Bowl provides an opportunity to build awareness to an audience that we don't normally get access to about what sex trafficking really is,” Holger-Ambrose said.
Holger-Ambrose said many people do not realize anyone can become a victim of sex trafficking.
“The majority of the youth we see getting recruited into trafficking are getting recruited online by their peers, by family members, by people acting like they're their boyfriend, girlfriend, or friend,” she said.
Sgt. Grant Snyder of the Minneapolis Police Department's human trafficking team said with any major event like the Super Bowl, expected to draw an extra one million people to the Twin Cities, criminals who buy and sell people will see extra opportunity.
Snyder said most advertising happens online and on social media.
“Trafficking is a purely demand-driven phenomenon,” Snyder said. “Everyday people can help stop trafficking by helping us create an environment where it is unthinkable for anyone to pay for sex.”
The committee said many people think sex trafficking happens only to people brought in from outside of the country, but it is estimated that 83 percent of trafficking victims inside the country are U.S. citizens.
They are disproportionately more people from the LGBTQ community and people of color.
A Promising Opening
B Tech got a promising opening at the box office. The film, which hit the theatres on a Saturday (May 05, 2018) had opened to good reviewsat the theatres and it got a promising opening, despite other movies also releasing in the same week.
Good Number Of Shows
It has been over 3 weeks since B Tech first hit the big screens across Kerala. The film is still continuing its run in a good number of centres across the state. According to a poster send out through the official Facebook page of the movie, B Tech has as many as 297 shows/day, which underlines the success that the movie has attained.
At The Kochi Multiplexes
B Tech has put up a fine show at the Kochi multiplexes, where the film is still continuing its run with 10 shows/day. According to a report by Forum Keralam, the movie has fetched approximately 49.04 Lakhs from 23 days of its run at the Kochi multiplexes. The movie is sure to cross the 50-Lakh mark and not many Malayalam movies of the year have managed to cross this milestone.
The Days Ahead
B Tech has been released in centres outside Kerala as well. Meanwhile, the Asif Ali starrer is expected to continue its good run and march ahead in the upcoming days as well. Kaala is the next big release to hit the theatres across Kerala and the film has been scheduled for a release on June 07, 2018.
Binghamton junior third baseman Justin Yurchak was selected in the 12th round by the Chicago White Sox in the 2017 Major League Baseball Draft Wednesday afternoon. He becomes the sixth Bearcat to be taken in the last six years. He also becomes the highest BU position player taken in 27 years.
Binghamton junior relief pitcher Dylan Stock was selected in the 25th round by the Detroit Tigers in the 2017 Major League Baseball Draft Wednesday afternoon. He becomes the seventh Bearcat to be taken in the last six years - the fourth pitcher.
"I cannot say thank you enough to everyone who has helped me along the way," Yurchak said. "I most certainly would not be in this situation without so many people. It has been a long journey and I look forwarded to continuing my baseball career."
After transferring from Wake Forest in 2016, Yurchak ranked 22nd in the country in on-base percentage this spring (.474), thanks in part to drawing 41 walks (7th in nation). He hit .333 from the No. 3 spot in the order during the regular season and was a first team America East all-conference selection and second team All-ECAC pick. He started 2017 with an incredible stretch where he recorded two or more hits in nine straight games. Yurchak also will likely be on the ABCA All-Northeast Region team when that team is announced later in the week.
"This is a great day for Justin and his family," head coach Tim Sinicki said. "I'm very happy for him and equally proud of him. Justin has worked very hard for this well-deserved honor and opportunity."
Stock, a hard-throwing closer who drew attention for his 90+ fastball, recorded nine saves over the last two seasons. He posted a 1.12 ERA during the 2017 regular season. He went 2-0 with six saves this spring and opponents hit just .202 against him. He made 20 appearances and only two opponents scored an earned run against him. During a seven-week span, he didn't allow an earned run over 15 appearances (17.1 innings). Stock recorded 21 strikeouts against just seven walks.
The Bearcats went 30-13 this spring and captured the program's second straight America East regular season title. The Bearcats posted one of the highest win-loss percentages in the nation (15th, .698) and had the highest national RPI in program history (56th out of 299).
The only BU players picked higher than Yurchak were pitcher Mike Augliera (5th round in 2012) and catcher Dan Gray (7th round in 1990).
(Courtesy: BU Athletics)
More new sidewalks coming in downtown Sherman
"It will create 10-foot sidewalks in the part of Sherman that didn't have it before," city spokesman Nate Strauch explained.
TORONTO — Police are trying to locate a 16-year-old boy after a gun he was allegedly playing with went off and the bullet lodged in a mattress his sibling way lying on.
Investigators allege the boy was in his bedroom in northwest Toronto last Saturday afternoon playing with a gun.
They say when it went off, the bullet travelled through his bedroom wall into his sibling's room and became lodged in the mattress.
The teen is wanted on nine charges, including using a firearm carelessly, possession of a firearm without a licence, carrying a concealed weapon, and discharging a firearm in a reckless manner.
Premium features include the agenda-setting Lex column, EM Squared, Martin Sandbu's Free Lunch, Newsmine blog, daily FT ePaper and exclusive weekly emails designed to enhance your FT experience.
What do you get in your Premium Subscription package?
Lex Column - The FT's daily guide to the corporate and financial stories that matter. Since the 1930's Lex has been providing concise, readable and timely commentary on companies, markets and the theory behind investing. From tech valuations to the pros and cons of share buybacks, via the banking crisis and emerging markets, Our specialists in London, New York and Hong Kong give you the tools to make better investment decisions.
Editor's Choice - An exclusive weekly newsletter with insights from Lionel Barber, the Financial Times' lauded editor.
FT Newsmine Blog - A weekly email that abstracts essential macroeconomic data for you from the week's news stories.
Free lunch - Martin Sandbu's Free Lunch - A succinct daily take on global economics from columnist Martin Sandbu who selects and comments on the day's biggest topics.
Dallas Cowboys quarterback Kellen Moore (17) and quarterback Dak Prescott (4) seated at the Cowboys annual kickoff luncheon at AT&T Stadium in Arlington, Texas, on Aug. 31, 2016. Coach Jason Garrett and owner Jerry Jones are seen behind them. Max Faulkner mfaulkner@star-telegram.com
Protestors shout slogans in front of Trump Tower ahead President Donald Trump's visit to the building New York, Monday, Aug. 14, 2017. Andres Kudacki AP Photo
U.S. Sen. Bernie Sanders talks with seniors at the Franklin County Senior Center in St. Albans on Monday, Aug. 14, 2017. Sanders says he will introduce a medicare for all bill shortly after Congress reconvenes in September. Lisa Rathke AP Photo
The fourth of July runs smack-dab in the middle of the week this year, but that doesn't necessarily mean it's a bad thing. Organizers of the annual parade think it's a positive, because more people are likely to stay in town and attend. The parade is in Nevada City this year, and Nevada City Chamber of Commerce Executive Director Cathy Whittlesey says thaty also means a fairly short route…
Listen to Cathy Whittlesey 1
It's all downhill. There will be over 60 entries, including a crowd favorite…
Listen to Cathy Whittlesey 2
The Grand Marshal was to be former National Hotel owner Tom Coleman, who recently passed away, so his long time partner Ernestine will fill in to honor Coleman. Whittlesey says she sees a Wednesday July Fourth as a positive…
Listen to Cathy Whittlesey 3
The parade alternates between Grass Valley and Nevada City every year. It starts at 11. KNCO will be broadcasting the parade live from the National Hotel.
–gf
A Las Vegas student was taken into police custody Sunday for making the threats on social media, according to school officials.
At least five posts to Instagram terrified valley parents and students last weekend. Parents said an eighth-grader posted, "Prepare for school on Monday", and "I'm going to murder you," among other things.
Pinecrest Academy St. Rose staff said they were made aware of the threats and immediately contacted Las Vegas Metropolitan police.
"Psychiatric help. I think he needs inpatient psychiatric care," Lierin Gorsky said. Gorsky has three kids at Pinecrest's St. Rose campus, a 13-year-old, a second-grader, and kindergartner.
"My daughter is 13 and we got the screenshots of it [Sunday]. My daughter was freaking out," Gorsky said,
Shortly after the posts began circulating online, Pinecrest Academy sent out an email to parents telling them they were aware of the situation and said the student who made the threats was in custody.
The student posted at least five times on Instagram saying he wanted to murder people, and said he had a death list. Lierin Gorsky said she considered keeping her kids at home before she knew the student was arrested. Metro Police did not respond to inquiries regarding the death list, and the status of their investigation.
"I feel bad for this child who is acting out like this because obviously something is wrong and their parents have not dealt with it," Gorsky said.
Lierin Gorsky said she hopes the kid doesn't go to jail because that could make the situation worse. For her, the problem wasn't the student, it was the parents.
"I mean the student is on Instagram, what kid is on Instagram at 12 or 13 years old?" she questioned.
For her, as a mom, she said the hardest part was thinking about her kids all day at school and wondering if they were okay.
"Obviously all they'll be doing today is talking about it. I'm worried about the little kids and how much they will be talked to about it. It's just hard we've already had to have the convos about bad people and even sometimes what to do if you hear gunshots."
Pinecrest Academy did not respond to multiple requests for comment.
Las Vegas Metro police confirmed Tuesday that the student was arrested for making terrorist threats.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Residents in a Grove City neighborhood in Charlotte County say a massive construction project is causing dust and dirt to blow into their homes, forcing some to leave.
Watch as Will Tha Rapper “pulls up and hop out” at the #KYSBlockParty!
More #KYSBlockParty
Also On 93.9 WKYS:
ΕΛΒΙΑΛ ΑΕ The ELITE Award for Growth Strategy of the Year
SOCIALAB ΕΠΕ The Award for Innovation
ΙΚΤΙΝΟΣ ΕΛΛΑΣ ΑΕ The Germany Trade & Invest Award for International Expansion
ΑΒ ΒΑΣΙΛΟΠΟΥΛΟΣ ΑΕ The Social Responsibility & Environmental Awareness Award
ΑΚΡΟΛΙΘΟΣ ΑΒΕΕ The Workplace & People Development Award
REΖΟS BRANDS AΕ The Customer & Market Engagement Award
EPSILON NET ΑΕ The Digital Technology Award
OWIWI The New Business of the Year Award
ΦΑΡΜΑ ΚΟΥΚΑΚΗ ΑΕ The Business of the Year Award with Turnover €0-25M
MEDBEST ΑΕ The Business of the Year Award with Turnover €26-150M
A US Army Black Hawk helicopter with three people aboard crashed Monday on a Maryland golf course, killing one crew member and seriously injuring two more, officials said.
SEE ALSO Black Hawk helicopter crashes on golf course 0:0 A US Army Black Hawk helicopter with three people aboard...
The chopper from Fort Belvoir, in Fairfax County, Va., went down at the Breton Bay Golf and Country Club near Leonardtown, about 40 miles southeast of Washington, DC, officials said.
“A Fort Belvoir UH-60 Helicopter, with 3 crew members on board, had a hard landing at approximately 1:50 p.m. near Leonardtown, MD. One of the crew members was medically evacuated from the scene,” the Army installation said on its Facebook page.
The Army has not yet identified the crew members, only saying that one was killed and two others seriously wounded. Those individuals are being treated at the University of Maryland R. Adams Cowley Shock Trauma Center in Baltimore.
The cause of the crash is still under investigation.
The the military frequently describes such incidents as “hard landings” — even when the aircraft is destroyed, AFP reported.
WJLA posted a video of the smoldering wreckage surrounded by rescuers. Two people were seen assisting what appeared to be an injured crew member.
A pair of police medevac helicopters were sent to the scene.
Several people reportedly witnessed the crash.
Elizabeth Willing told TheBayNet.com that she and her friend Kat McCurdy were kayaking in Breton Bay at the time.
“We saw three helicopters. One of them was lagging behind the other two. It started spinning. At first we thought it was doing tricks,” she told the site. “It disappeared behind the tree line and then we heard a big bang.”
A golf pro at Breton Bay said the helicopter “was kind of flying sideways, pretty low.”
“And then as we got out on the deck watching it, he got treetop level and all of a sudden we saw the tail spin up and just spinning around and we heard him go down,” Mike Harvey told WBAL News Radio 1090 AM.
“You could just hear the rotors hitting trees. There was no explosion or anything,” he said, adding that no one had been playing golf at the site at the time of the crash.
Harvey said Navy and Marine Corps aircraft flying to and from Naval Air Station Patuxent River 12 miles to the east are common sights, unlike Army-style choppers like Black Hawks.
St. Mary's County Sheriff's Office spokeswoman Jennifer Stone didn't have additional details, saying authorities were still working to secure the scene.
The accident is the second time this month a military aircraft has gone down in the area.
On April 6, an F-16 fighter jet crashed near Joint Base Andrews after a pilot parachuted out. No major injuries were reported.
The twin-engine Black Hawk was introduced into Army service in 1979, as a successor to the UH-1 Huey, the ubiquitous workhorse during the Vietnam War.
It has taken part in many combat missions, including in Iraq and Afghanistan, and typically carries two pilots, a crew chief and has room for about a dozen heavily armed troops.
But the chopper is perhaps best remembered for the 1993 tragedy in Somalia, where two were shot down in the Battle of Mogadishu.
Eighteen US servicemen were killed and 73 wounded in the ensuing battle, which was depicted in the movie “Black Hawk Down.”
With Post Wires
Toronto Blue Jays third baseman Josh Donaldson 20) hits a two-run home run during first-inning baseball game action against the Tampa Bay Rays in Toronto on Monday, Aug. 14, 2017.
Finding and hiring top tech talent is management's greatest concern for the fifth year running. To stay competitive, IT leaders are emphasizing culture and exciting work.
For IT leaders, it's a bit of déja vú: for the fifth straight year, the Tech Hiring and Retention Survey from executive search and technology firm Harris Allied shows that management's top concern is finding and hiring elite tech talent.
That concern edged out other pressing concerns, including "keeping the teams they have in place" and "staying competitive with regard to salary and bonuses," according to the survey, which polled 120 IT executives in November and December of 2016.
Fifty percent of the executives surveyed say finding and hiring top tech talent was their biggest concern, followed by 20 percent who say their biggest concern is retention. Only 14 percent of respondents say remaining competitive with salary and bonuses was a major concern; 10 percent say they are concerned about having more work to do with fewer people, while 3 percent say managing their current team was their most pressing issue.
Hiring still on top
Finding and hiring top tech talent has topped the Harris Allied survey list for the past five years, and has increased in importance by 11 percent over the last three years, according to Kathy Harris, managing director of Harris Allied.
"The 2017 survey results confirm what our clients have been saying: the demand for top talent is at an all-time high, and companies are stepping up to attract and retain the best and brightest stars. With 65 percent of respondents predicting moderate-to-aggressive tech hiring in 2017, we anticipate a very competitive marketplace," Harris says.
[ Related story : 14 Best tech jobs in America ]
Lead with compensation
Executives are employing a number of strategies to find and hire that top talent, according to the survey results. Organizations are consistently leading with compensation and benefits packages, but the survey showed that strategies focusing on corporate culture and unique and exciting work have grown in importance.
In order of importance, executives say that compensation and benefits are their most crucial recruiting strategy, followed by "an amazing corporate culture" and "unique in our industry/people have incredible projects."
[ Related story : How to track well-being as a KPI ]
What makes a corporate culture incredible? Respondents say the most important aspect is an environment that is creative, inspiring and fun (63.4 percent); 54.8 percent say "being industry-leading and innovative and 51.6 percent say "having the chance to work on interesting projects were the most important elements of a great culture.
"Candidates often cite better compensation or benefits being offered elsewhere when they give notice to their employers. We know from experience that many factors contribute to an individual's desire to change jobs. It's very important for technology professionals to have opportunities for professional growth, as well as to work on exciting projects and contribute to the success of an organization," says Harris.
IT leaders also understand that their corporate culture also plays a critical role in employee attrition, according to the survey. Nearly 26 percent of respondents say that people left their company for opportunities that are more exciting and the chance to work with new technology; another 16.7 percent believe it was because their corporate culture was very challenging. Competitive compensation and benefits packages always play a role, too, with another 19.2 percent citing that as a reason people left, the research shows.
To improve their ability to attract and retain tech talent, executives say improving professional development opportunities, increasing compensation, improving corporate culture & morale and improving benefits all play a major role, according to the survey; these were virtually tied when executives were asked to rank these elements.
[ Related story : CIOs list the top hiring priorities for 2017 ]
Areas of improvement
The most important area for improvement, according to the survey, is "communicate company plans for future growth to employees," followed by "Improve professional development," "Improve corporate culture/morale," "Increase compensation," "Allow employees to work remotely/offer flex time when possible" and "Improve benefits, vacation and PTO time."
"All of these are important elements of a sound recruiting and retention strategy, because they influence how a prospective or current employee views the company. At the end of the day, an employee won't change jobs solely because they are being offered a few thousand dollars more or more PTO. Companies that offer exceptional corporate culture and are well-positioned in their industries are highly desired by job seekers. Employees want to know that they are contributing to an organization that is successful and growing," says Harris.
Related Video
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Aurora police searching for missing man
hello
Victor M. Rivera has gone missing from his Aurora home. Police say he has dementia.
Aurora police are asking the public for help in finding a 58-year-old man with dementia who is missing from his home on the 1000 block of Front Street.
Police say Victor M. Rivera last was seen wearing blue jeans and a gray shirt with an American flag on it. He was carrying a red lunch pail.
Anyone who sees Rivera is asked to call 911 immediately.
The President of Miyetti Allah Kautal Hore Socio-cultural Association, Bello Abdullahi Bodejo has warned that they will resist any attempt to remove President Muhammadu Buhari in 2019. Bodejo warned that Nobody should try and remove Buhari, adding th...
FILE - In this Nov. 14, 2017 file photo, Rep. Trey Gowdy, R-S.C., questions Attorney General Jeff Sessions during a House Judiciary Committee hearing on Capitol Hill in Washington. The FBI acted properly in its investigation of contacts between President Donald Trump's 2016 campaign and Russia, according to Gowdy, who recently received a classified briefing about the origins of the FBI probe. Alex Brandon AP Photo
By Abby Hassler
The wait for new music will “soon” be over for 30 Seconds to Mars fans. The band released a humorous teaser video to announce their upcoming single “Walk on Water,” which will arrive in Aug. 22.
Related: Muse, 30 Seconds to Mars, PVRIS Announce Summer Tour
In the video, a label executive chastises the band for not putting out a new album in four years and that they keep telling their fans they will put out new music sometime “soon.”
“People are sick and tired of soon,” the executive says. “Soon doesn't mean s—. F— soon. We need to go now.”
Watch the explicit announce now on Radio.com.
Raiders in search of QB, Broncos in search of a coach
hello
Denver Broncos coach Gary Kubiak waves as he walks off the field after the team's NFL football game against the Oakland Raiders, Sunday, Jan. 1, 2017, in Denver. The Broncos won 24-6. Associated Press
Oakland Raiders quarterback Matt McGloin sits on the sideline with an injury during the first half of the team's NFL football game against the Denver Broncos, Sunday, Jan. 1, 2017, in Denver. Associated Press
A Denver Broncos fan holds a sign that reads "Dude Where's Your Carr" in reference to the comedy movie "Dude, Where's My Car?" about injured Oakland Raiders quarterback Derek Carr during in the first half of an NFL football game, Sunday, Jan. 1, 2017, in Denver. The Raiders started quarterback Matt McGloin in place of Carr in the game. Associated Press
DENVER -- The Broncos are in search of a coach. The Raiders are looking for a quarterback.
Neither of these AFC West rivals came out of Sunday in as good of shape as they went in.
After a 24-6 victory, Denver coach Gary Kubiak told his players he was stepping away.
During that loss, the Raiders (12-4) saw their hopes for a division title and first-round bye slip away, and also lost their quarterback-of-the-moment, Matt McGloin , to a shoulder injury.
They are faced with the prospect of rookie Connor Cook making his first NFL start in a playoff game at Houston next weekend.
"Nothing is easy about this league," coach Jack Del Rio said. "We wanted to win the division but we didn't earn that. We earned the playoffs."
He had little to offer about McGloin's status. The fourth-year veteran, starting in place of the previously injured Derek Carr, left in the second quarter with an injury to his left shoulder and watched the rest of the game from the sideline.
In the other locker room, players voiced support for Kubiak, who has battled health problems and will leave the team only one short season after he led it to a Super Bowl title.
"I owe him a lot, obviously," said Broncos quarterback Trevor Siemian, who earned the starting job this year.
The Broncos went 9-7 and missed the playoffs, and now, team vice president John Elway embarks on a coaching search he didn't expect. Dolphins defensive coordinator Vance Joseph and Falcons offensive coordinator Kyle Shanahan could be candidates.
"I trust him 100 percent," linebacker Von Miller said of Elway, with whom he had contentious contract negotiations last offseason. "We have a championship organization here."
But there will be a new champion this year. The Raiders once looked like as much of a front-runner in the AFC as anyone outside of New England. But now, it's Kansas City as division champion and Oakland as a road team with no sure bet on who its quarterback will be.
"We're big boys," Del Rio said. "We can take it like men and move on. It's not what we wanted by any stretch."
Other things we learned from Denver's win over Oakland:
PRESSURE COOKER
Cook was a fourth-round pick out of Michigan State. His first NFL action came under the most difficult of circumstances. He finished 14 for 21 for 150 yards with a touchdown and an interception. If he starts next week, he'll become the first quarterback in the Super Bowl era to make his first NFL start in the playoffs. "It's not going to change anything for me," he said. "I'm still going to prep as if I'm playing. It doesn't matter if I'm backup, starter, whatever."
ON THE BENCH
Kubiak hinted all week that both Siemian and rookie Paxton Lynch would see playing time in the finale. With Denver's offense rolling - 24 points is more than it scored in the last three games combined - Lynch never made it off the bench. "That's on me," Kubiak said. "Paxton has a bright future. It's going to be a hell of a battle between those two kids next year."
GOOD NEWS, MAYBE
The Raiders lost three games to AFC West rivals, but went 9-0 against the rest of the conference. Their playoff opener is against the Texans, who they beat 27-20 in a game in Mexico City in November. "Our heads shouldn't be down," receiver Amari Cooper said. "We're still going to the playoffs; we just didn't earn a bye." One more tidbit: Since the playoff field was expanded to 12 teams, a No. 5 seed has never represented the AFC in the Super Bowl.
ELITE COMPANY
Devontae Booker became the seventh Broncos rookie with a rushing and receiving touchdown in the same game. He joins such names as Clinton Portis, who accomplished the feat in 2002, Terrell Davis (1995) and Rick Upchurch (1975). "That just shows what our offense can do," Booker said. "We went out there and moved the ball up and down the field. We put points on the board."
OTHER HEALTH WORRIES
Raiders left tackle Donald Penn left the game clutching his left knee but Del Rio said he thinks Penn should be fine for next week.
___
AP Sports Writer Pat Graham contributed to this report.
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
MIAMI BEACH (CBSMiami) — Miami Beach Club Mokai will reopen this week after a stunt involving a horse forced it to shut down and prompted a criminal investigation.
The club is set to reopen on Wednesday after they admitted to all 5 violations in connection with the stunt including animal cruelty. They will also have to pay over 12,000 to the city in the next 10 days and will also make a donation to a horse rescue organization.
Mokai lost their license earlier this month after a horse carrying a man and a woman in a bikini was lead into the crowded nightclub.
Ixamar Palumbo posted a video on Facebook which showed the horse's entrance.
The white horse, out of its element and appearing uncomfortable, took a nasty spill on to the club's hard floor and knocked the woman off its back. People could be heard screaming, stunned as the animal struggled to get back on its feet.
The handler then tries to maneuver it out of the crowd.
Other videos were posted on social media of the horse.
The video reached Miami Beach police which launched a joint investigation with Miami Beach Code Enforcement
CBS4 News reached club owner, Roman Jones, by phone when it happened. At the time, Jones denied any part in the incident with the horse and said the “horse is not hurt.” Authorities were later able to confirm the horse was “healthy and safe.”
The incident involving the horse may not have been the first time the club employed live animals for entertainment.
Viewers sent CBS4 social media photos that on one occasion purport to show a camel being lead through the place, and another photo of a different horse in the club, with the name Mokai painted on its coat.
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Cara Pressman sobbed in the big red chair in her living room. The 15-year-old tried to absorb the devastating news relayed by her parents: that their insurance company, Aetna, denied her for a minimally invasive brain surgery that could end the seizures that have haunted her since she was 9 years old.
“When my parents told me, I went kind of blank and started crying,” she said. “I cried for like an hour.”
Her friends had been lined up to visit her in the hospital for the surgery three days away, on Monday, October 23. Between tears, she texted them that the whole thing was off.
This 15-year-old wept as her parents told her their insurance company denied her for minimally invasive brain surgery that could end her seizures https://t.co/v7D5jFlob4 pic.twitter.com/J5OsF5X0qQ — CNN (@CNN) December 11, 2017
It was supposed to be a joyous weekend. Cara's grandparents had come to town to celebrate their 90th birthdays, a jubilant party with more than 100 family and friends crowding her home. The party did go on — just with a lot more stress.
Cara had multiple complex partial seizures that weekend. When the seizures strike, her body gets cold and shakes, and she zones out for anywhere from 20 seconds to two minutes, typically still aware of her surroundings. Her seizures can be triggered by stress, by being happy, by exerting herself — almost anything. “It's like having a nightmare but while you're awake,” she said.
In the six weeks since the denial, Cara has had more than two dozen seizures affecting her everyday life. Her message to Aetna is blunt: “Considering they're denying me getting surgery and stopping this thing that's wrong with my brain, I would probably just say, ‘Screw you.' ”
Aetna: We're looking out for what's best for patients
The Pressman family and, separately, Jennifer Rittereiser, a 44-year-old mom who has struggled with seizures since she was 10, approached CNN in recent weeks after they were both denied, by Aetna, for laser ablation surgery, a minimally invasive procedure in which a thin laser is used to heat and destroy lesions in the brain where the seizures are originating. Aetna is the third-largest health insurance provider in the country, providing medical coverage to 23.1 million people.
Neurologists consider laser ablation, which is performed through a small hole in the skull, to be safer and more precise than traditional brain surgery, where the top portion of the skull is removed in order for doctors to operate. The procedure is less daunting for the patient and parents who make decisions for their children: No one likes the idea of a skull opened and a chunk of brain removed.
In denying Cara her surgery, Aetna said it considers laser ablation surgery “experimental and investigational for the treatment of epilepsy because the effectiveness of this approach has not been established.”
“Clinical studies have not proven that these procedures effective for treatment of the member's condition,” Aetna wrote in its rejection letter.
The insurance company did approve her for the more invasive and more expensive open brain surgery, called a temporal lobectomy, even though her medical team never sought approval for the procedure.
The laser surgery is approved by the Food and Drug Administration and is widely recognized within the epilepsy community as an effective treatment alternative to open brain surgery, especially when the location of seizure activity can be pinpointed to a specific part of the brain.
Dr. Jamie Van Gompel, a neurosurgeon at the Mayo Clinic, disputes Aetna's assessment. He is not involved in Cara's care nor Rittereiser's treatment, but he said Aetna's assessment is wrong.
“I would not call it experimental at all,” said Van Gompel, who is leading a clinical trial on the surgery at Mayo as part of a larger national study. “It's definitely not an experimental procedure. There've been thousands of patients treated with it. It's FDA-approved. There's a lot of data out there to suggest it's effective for epilepsy.”
Van Gompel said a temporal lobectomy carries a much higher risk of serious complications, including the possibility of death. “It's a big jump to go to a big invasive procedure,” he said.
Recovery time after open brain surgery can range from six to 12 weeks. By contrast, a patient who undergoes laser ablation can be back to work or at school in less than two weeks. The pain from laser surgery is much less, and extreme headaches are fewer than with open brain surgery, Van Gompel said.
While laser ablation has not yet undergone large randomized controlled trials, Van Gompel said existing data shows it's effective more than 50% of the time. He hopes the current clinical trial will show a success rate of 60% to 70% or better in epilepsy patients. Temporal lobectomies, he said, have a slightly better rate, of more than 70%.
Pressed by CNN for a better explanation on its denial, Aetna stood by its rejection for Cara and Rittereiser, saying it was in the best interest of the patients. But the language was softened slightly.
“Clinical effectiveness and our members' safety are the primary criteria we use in determining whether a treatment or service is medically necessary,” Aetna said. “There is currently a limited amount of evidence-based, clinical studies related to laser ablation surgery. As noted by the Epilepsy Foundation, only studies with a very small number of participants have been used to report the effectiveness of this procedure. We consistently evaluate any new studies or additional evidence when developing our clinical policy bulletins, and will continue to do so for this procedure.”
Contacted for reaction, the Epilepsy Foundation strongly objected to Aetna's remarks, saying the insurance company took its information out of context. Laser ablation surgery “has emerged as a new minimally invasive surgical option that is best suited for patients with symptomatic localization-related epilepsy,” said Dr. Jacqueline French, the chief science officer with the Epilepsy Foundation.
“This technology is much less invasive than the alternative, which involves removing a sizeable piece of brain, at a substantially higher monetary and personal cost,” French said. “This path should be available, if the treating epilepsy physician has recommended it, without delay or barriers.”
Phil Gattone, the president and CEO of the Epilepsy Foundation, said insurance denials and other barriers to treatment have become a common battle for thousands of Americans with seizure disorders.
Gattone knows first-hand the pain of what Cara's parents are going through. His own son began having seizures when he was 4 and underwent brain surgery in the early 1990s. “It was extremely challenging for our family to make a decision to remove part of our child's skull and brain for a surgery that we hoped would end the devastation of seizures that were stopping his development,” Gattone said. “We took this leap of faith and made the decision, and it worked out the best for him.”
But he added that he and his wife wished laser ablation surgery had been available back then. The device used for laser ablation surgery was approved by the FDA nine years ago. “I know that my wife and I would've found much more comfort if we had had (laser ablation) as an option,” he said.
Gattone said people with seizures, their caregivers and their doctors should not be “spending critical time in the midst of a health-care crisis, filing paperwork, making appeals or otherwise going through the motions of administrative paperwork” trying to get approval for a life-changing operation.
“The Epilepsy Foundation can understand no reason why an insurance company would place any barrier to delay a treatment that may save an individual's life, promote the development of the young child's brain or bring about seizure control,” Gattone said.
Mom who crashed with kid in car gets denied
Jennifer Rittereiser lost consciousness behind the wheel of her silver SUV while driving with her 7-year-old son, Robert, in April. Her SUV rammed into a car in front of her and struck it again before veering into oncoming traffic. Her vehicle careened down an embankment, flipped over and came to rest on its side amid a tangle of brush. She narrowly missed slamming into a guardrail and several trees.
Mom and son somehow managed to walk free unharmed.
“People were amazed,” she said. “They had a helicopter on the way, actually. I am extremely fortunate just from that sense.”
Rittereiser has battled seizures since she was 10 and has been able to function with an array of medications in the three decades since. For much of her life, she could tell when the seizures might come.
These weren't like the seizures depicted in Hollywood movies; she wouldn't fall to the ground and writhe. She would zone out for a spell. She could understand people and could still function but couldn't speak back — or if she did, her words were garbled.
As an executive in the health care industry, Rittereiser has fallen asleep during meetings. When she senses a seizure coming, she rushes to the bathroom to hide until they go away. One time, she says she urinated on herself at her desk without realizing it.
Rittereiser had a crash in 2014 in which she rear-ended a car after she had a seizure. No one was hurt in that crash, but she stopped driving for more than a year. Her medications were tweaked, and her seizures were largely kept in check, until the crash this April.
She was soon evaluated by an array of doctors and recommended for laser ablation surgery. After 34 years of struggling with seizures, she thought her ordeal might finally come to an end. Surgery was set for June 16.
But in late May, Aetna denied the surgery. She fought Aetna's decision through a lengthy appeals process. Aetna refused to budge.
“It's just not right,” Rittereiser said.
She said she recently went to Aetna's website to look up the company's values. She felt nauseated. “Everything in their core values is not being shown in the way I'm being treated. They're talking about promoting wellness and health and ‘being by your side.' ”
She paused, contemplating the company's “by your side” catchphrase, saying it's “the most ridiculous thing, because they are the biggest barrier to my success and my well-being going forward.
“It drives me crazy.”
Dad: ‘You get so angry'
Julie Pressman stood near an elevator at her doctor's office when word came that Cara's surgery had been denied. The mom fell to the floor and wept.
She called Cara's father, Robert. He was at the airport picking up his 90-year-old parents for their birthday party. Mom and Dad rallied for their daughter and gathered strength to break the news. That's when Cara sat in the red chair, crying inconsolably.
“Telling Cara was horrible,” her mom said. “Horrible.”
“It's just so frustrating for us to know there's a solution out there — a way to fix our daughter — and some bureaucratic machine is preventing this from happening,” Robert Pressman said. “You get so angry, but you don't know who to take it out on, because there's no particular person that's doing it. It's this big bureaucracy that's preventing this from happening.”
Julie and Robert said the most beautiful day of their lives came on August 20, 2002, when Cara popped into the world and met her 2-year-old sister, Lindsey, for the first time. “That was the day we became a family,” Julie said. “Our love for those girls is amazing. How we got this lucky is beyond us.”
But that luck has been tested. When Cara was 9, she'd complained of extreme headaches for much of the day one evening, and then in the middle of the night, she began seizing uncontrollably. The family had two black Labradors that had gone to her room and barked like crazy to alert her parents. Cara had bitten her tongue, and blood was running down her face when they got to the room.
It was a terrifying scene. She was rushed off in an ambulance and underwent a battery of tests. Mom, Dad and Cara never thought they'd still be battling seizures six years later — let alone an insurance company. She's had seizures on the soccer field, during softball games, on stage during plays, in the classroom. Almost everywhere.
How does she envision a life without seizures?
“I don't know,” she said. “I've never had a life without seizures.”
“You will. You will,” her dad told her.
“I just don't know when,” she responded.
Mom: “It will happen, kiddo.”
Her mother calls Cara a feisty, petite powerhouse with big marble eyes and long eyelashes and a funny wit to match. She's a naturally gifted athlete, singer and dancer, but her parents feel that her seizures have kept her from reaching her full potential.
They long for the day when the seizures are gone. The parents said they have paid $24,000 for insurance with Aetna this year. They're determined to get Cara laser ablation surgery with or without the insurance company's help. They will appeal Aetna's latest rejection — but they're not optimistic.
In preparation, they've begun exploring raiding their retirement funds to pay the $300,000 out of pocket. “Cara is worth every penny, but man,” her mom said. ” ‘Screw Aetna,' indeed, to quote my kid.”
A letter to my fresher self: Surviving Cambridge as a black girl -By ORE OGUNBIYI
Micro-aggressions, assimilation and hair struggles are part of every black girl's Cambridge experience. ORE OGUNBIYI writes to her fresher self, reflecting on how her race has defined her time here.
When you walk into your first supervision, you will probably be the only black girl in the room. Get used to it because it won't get much better. But don't let that scare you and more importantly, don't let anyone make you feel small, or misplaced. Don't be silent in attempts to assuage your white peers and supervisors. You've earned your place there, so make your presence known. Don't ever feel the need to make yourself palatable, or bitesize.
Instead, fill the room with examples of Nkrumah and Mobutu that your supervisor thinks are ‘adventurous', and enjoy unpacking the racism in the works of Kant that your degree so glorifies. Their discomfort is not your problem.
You will have supervisors who will call you defensive and angry, and who will project their own prejudiced stereotypes onto you as you walk into the room. Cry in private, write a killer essay, and prove them wrong. You will also have supervisors who will understand and appreciate your need to veil your work in your own experiences, who will recognise its value and reward you for it. So, bathe every essay in black girl magic and write in resistance to the Eurocentrism of academia that did not see you coming.
It's not always easy though. The Black Jacobins you really want to read probably won't be on your reading lists, you won't find the support you need when you want to write your dissertation on Nigeria, and trying to go the extra mile to show your supervisors what a decolonised curriculum could look like will exhaust you. But where you can, do it anyway.
Don't be surprised when your lecture on industrialisation makes no mention of slavery, or when your white friends don't understand why that's a problem. Don't be afraid to ask the unnerving questions at the end of the lecture and leave them shook.
You will arrive and feel a pressure to be someone else. You won't realise as you subconsciously try to play up to what you think a typical Cambridge student does. You'll change your accent, go to events you know you don't enjoy, and try to befriend people that aren't like you in attempts to conform – but you'll only be able to keep this up for so long. When the real you resurface and you find the courage to admit to your new friends, and to yourself, that you actually hate Wednesday Cindies and VKs, you'll be okay.
When you come back next term with braids, don't let your housemates smell and touch your hair. It may take you a while to muster up the courage to tell people to stop, and to remind people that you are not some exotic creature to be caressed – but when you find the strength, do it anyway.
Oh. Boys? Don't bother. Tell every aunty that is telling you that you are going to Cambridge to find yourself a husband, that much to their disappointment, it's not going to happen. You'll learn quickly that desirability is racialised and that not everyone loves your dark skin as much as you do, that society's beauty standards don't include people that look like you. So, when someone hits you with “you're fit for a black girl”, tell them that's not a compliment. You are beautiful, and to the people who don't see that, even your own, let it be their loss. Find the beauty in your blackness in spite of the people who can't.
Don't forget that regardless, you belong here. You'll have people who think you are here to tick a ‘diversity' box. You will also be asked time and time again whether or not you go to the other university in Cambridge because people will have a tough time conceptualising the fact that you could possibly have earned your place here. You won't find people who look like you memorialised on the walls and that won't make it any easier – but don't forget that you belong.
You will stand out and be made conscious of your difference for your whole time here and not everyone will get it. Not everyone will get what it is about existing in Cambridge as a black girl that makes it difficult or why. You will meet a lot of people who proclaim they are ‘not racist' but don't recognise how their inaction makes them complicit, why you value safe spaces, or even why your experience of Cambridge is necessarily different. Remember that it isn't your duty to lecture and to explain because the emotional labour will take its toll. You are not the appointed spokesperson for black people and don't feel the pressure to be.
Remember you are not alone. Black women may be few and far between here but find them, build a sisterhood and strengthen each other. Find shoulders to cry on because you will need them. Find support systems that work for you, and take solace in them. Communities like the African Caribbean Society will be there to make you feel at home again. Take time to look after yourself. Bake and cook jollof even amidst the stress that tries to break you.
It will get better. I don't know if that's because you will become immune to the blows, or because you will get stronger – but it will get better. You'll find ways to make Cambridge work for you and you will be fine. In fact, you'll be more than fine. You'll make friends for life, you'll leave your mark and eventually, you'll enjoy it.
This article was first published in Varsity, the University of Cambridge's independent student newspaper
Related
Comments
comments
A crane boom crashed into several homes, causing injuries in Lauderhill, Fla., on Wednesday afternoon, May 30, 2018, a fire official said. Authorities say at least two people were injured when the crane collapsed. Lauderhill Fire Rescue spokeswoman Jerry Gonzalez says the crane was being used to put up Florida Power and Light electric poles when it fell onto two houses. South Florida Sun-Sentinel via AP Carline Jean
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) — There are still tickets left for Super Bowl LII at U.S. Bank Stadium — if you're willing to pay for them.
Just hours before the Big Game, ticket prices remain high, but what are you willing to pay for the experience, and how does it compare to other dream tickets?
The cheapest “get-in” ticket price for the Super Bowl was more than $3,100 on Thursday. Lower level tickets were going for $7,500. One ticket in a suite costs a cool $10,000.
Demand is said to be so high, Minnesota Super Bowl ticket prices could set a record.
So how much is your Super Bowl experience worth to you? How much would you pay to get in? Compared to other “bucket list” tickets, it's actually a bargain.
On Broadway, good tickets to see Hamilton on Super Bowl weekend are hovering around $1,383. Bruce Springsteen is playing sold-out shows. A good seat will cost $3,995. Some 20 million fans tried to get Led Zeppelin reunion tickets in 2009. A happy few paid $14,700 a piece — the most expensive rock and roll ticket ever.
Oddly, the 2015 World Series saw $17,600 tickets. If you wanted to see the Mayweather-Pacquio Las Vegas fight, prices were absurd — $40,700.
Eagle fans appear to be driving up Super Bowl ticket prices. Online ticket sites report Philly fans make up the largest percentage of sales, outpacing New England fans.
Ticket prices for Minnesota's Super Bowl are up 63 percent over last year.
Laurie Skrivan/St. Louis Post-Dispatch/TNS via Getty Images(ST. LOUIS, Mo.) — According to local reporters, Missouri's lieutenant governor Mike Parson told a crowd last month, “No one elected official… is larger than the state of Missouri. None.”
This week, it seemed Parson was right.
Missouri's current governor Eric Greitens, facing escalating criminal investigations into his campaign and personal life and possible impeachment, announced his resignation Tuesday, leaving Parson to be sworn in to lead the state at the end of the week.
“It takes hard work and sometimes you have to work a little harder to get through tough times,” Parson went on at that event last month, according to the Columbia Daily Tribune.
With the scandals, controversies and charges that have swirled around the statehouse during Greitens' tenure, the next few months and years for Parson, a Republican like Greitens, will undoubtedly be tough, but James Harris, who consulted for Parson's 2016 campaign, said he is up for the task.
“He is the kind of person you throw into the deep end of the pool,” Harris told ABC News Wednesday, complementing Parson. “He will lead the state.”
Unlike Greitens, who was brand new to politics and governing when he took the helm, Parson is a seasoned and more traditional politician. He is often described as a “true conservative” and hard-worker. He served as a state legislator for a dozen years before assuming his current role. He was the Sheriff of Polk County from 1993-2005 before running for the statehouse and served six years in the U.S. Army as a younger man.
Parson was raised on a farm and still currently “owns and operates a cow and calf operation,” according to his official biography. The Kansas City Star reported that that the lieutenant governor was out on his farm Tuesday when he received official word that Greitens was stepping down.
Whereas Greitens was seen by some as combative and, at times, confrontational, Parson has a reputation for being more of a dealmaker.
Gregg Keller, a Republican political strategist in the state, said Parson still maintains strong relationships with state legislators on both sides of the aisle.
Keller, who was not shy on the phone about his thoughts of Greitens ( he said he thought the outgoing governor struggled with “a serious personality disorder”) described Parson as “humble.”
Parson and Greitens ran separately in 2016, as governors and lieutenants always do in the state. Missouri has a history of even electing top officials from two different parties in years past.
Still, though pressure had been mounting for months for Greitens to resign and other Republicans in the state were called for him to step down, Parson largely remained quiet and tried to put his head down. It could be hard moving forward for him to shake the shadow of his predecessor while he finishes the term that extends through 2020. Democrats have already made clear that they plan to continue to run against Greitens, his shortcomings and issues, and try to tie those close to his administration to the allegations against him.
“There is frankly, a lot of relief that the Greitens debacle is behind us,” strategist Keller continued.
There has been a sense with some Republicans in Missouri and in Washington that Greitens resignation may now help clear the road for other members of the party on ballots in the state in November who had been dogged by all the drama.
“That sigh you hear is Republicans in Missouri and elsewhere rejoicing at Greitens' unexpected decision to quit,” Dave Helling, a columnist for the local Kansas City Star wrote after Greitens' announcement Tuesday.
In his column, headlined, ‘Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens' resignation a relief for beleaguered Republican,' Helling said Parson seemed ready for the task at hand.
Parson will assume office as the state's General Assembly is finishing up a budget and bill review process. Republicans have supermajorities in both state legislative chambers.
Copyright © 2018, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
The day in fashion is mostly about models (and honestly, when is it not?). Agyness works her magic off the runway, Milla expects a bundle of joy and missing model...
The work session, which was scheduled to discuss items already on the agenda for Tuesday's regular council meeting, did not originally feature any items related to the park, but the task force was granted as a late addition to the agenda.
The task force recently approved preliminary designs to present to the Lebanon City Council, and task force Chair JeniLind Brinkman said she hoped the council could vote on the preliminary designs Tuesday.
Mayor Bernie Ash said he wanted to wait until the first council meeting in May to consider the preliminary designs.
In Lebanon, the mayor sets the council agenda, and Ash said the item would not be on Tuesday's agenda. However, according to Lebanon City Attorney Andy Wright, council members can vote to suspend the rules and add an item to the agenda.
“I have a strong suspicion the council will suspend the rules,” Ash said when a member of the task force asked him if the item would be considered Tuesday.
Traci Peel, appointed to the task force by Ash, spoke out against the park, and said the city is spending too much money on the park. The city previously approved a $5 million loan agreement for the park.
“Can you really look me in the eye and say it's the right thing to do?” Peel asked. Councilor Joey Carmack responded that the council had already voted on funding.
Councilor Rob Cesternino asked whether Peel was speaking as a member of the task force or a private citizen, as the funding was not the issue discussed by the council, but rather conceptual designs.
“I'm speaking as both right now,” Peel responded.
Cesternino said that task force members have a mandate that they have to follow, and that speaking as a private citizen during a work session was out of line. Private citizens may address the council during the public comment portion of meetings.
“Task force members need to stay in their lane,” Cesternino said.
Brinkman said the task force unanimously voted to send the designs to the city council for consideration. Two task force members were absent during the voting, and a third left the meeting before the vote. Brinkman said Peel was among those who voted in favor to send the designs to the city council.
“Leading this task force, I tried to give everyone a chance to have their voice heard, but not dominate the conversation,” she said. “Everyone who was present voted for it.”
Cesternino took exception to a remark Peel made regarding the origin of the park designs. The land where the park will be located was donated by Councilor Rick Bell and his family.
“(Peel) tried to disparage the former mayor (Philip Craighead) and Councilor Rick Bell by saying there was some nefarious activity going on behind the scenes,” Cesternino said. “It's a park for crying out loud.”
The Lebanon City Council meets Tuesday at 6 p.m. in the Town Meeting Hall at 200 N. Castle Heights Ave.
HUMBOLDT COUNTY, Calif. (WFLA) – A woman who was reported missing in California can be found on television sets across the country, SF Gate reports.
On Nov. 18, Rebekah Martinez, a 22-year-old contestant on ABC's “The Bachelor” was reported missing by her mother who said her daughter had gone Humboldt County to work on a marijuana farm.
“(The mother) had phone contact with Bekah via a friend on the 12th,” Public Information Officer Samantha Karges told SF Gate. “Bekah had told her she was coming to Humboldt County to work on a marijuana farm and she wouldn't be able to contact her for a week or so.”
Earlier this week, the North Coast Journal ran a story entitled “The Humboldt 35: Why does Humboldt County have the highest rate of missing persons reports in the state?,” which they shared on social media and asked readers if they recognized anyone.
A woman quickly replied and identified Martinez as a contestant on the current season of “The Bachelor.”
The newspaper contacted the Humboldt County Sheriff's Office, which spoke with Martinez and promptly removed her from the missing person's list.
On Friday, Martinez made light of the reports, tweeting “MOM. how many times do I have to tell you I don't get cell service on The Bachelor??”
St. Scholastica art professor and painter has been Paul LaJeunesse has a big project ahead. He has been selected as the first Artist-in-Residence in a new, Lincoln Park Craft District residency program for March through June, 2017. With the exciting revitalization of the Lincoln Park neighborhood, this upcoming public art project will be fun to see unfold.
LaJeunesse plans to create a public mural on one of the buildings in Lincoln Park during his residency. This is not the first public art project or mural, LaJeunesse has created, here we share an image from a previous project in Tennessee.
Listen for more about his personal artistic journey and what led him to this project.
Paul LaJeunesse
PARKERS PRAIRIE, Minn. (AP) — A city in west central Minnesota is getting out of the business of selling liquor.
Parkers Prairie in Otter Tail County is putting its municipal-owned liquor store and bar on the market. City clerk Beth Wussow says the decision to sell follows years of financial losses.
KFGO reports figures from the state auditor's office show the store lost $90,000 in 2016. The building and assets are listed at $499,000.
Wussow says the City Council will consider purchase offers at its May 21st meeting.
(© Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Households offered first time-of-use energy tariff
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
2:53
Got a domain name? How to check its status, and how to spot scams like this one
Leicester have sacked director of rugby Richard Cockerill, with head coach Aaron Mauger taking "interim charge" at Welford Road.
The Tigers have dropped out of the Aviva Premiership's play-off berths after consecutive defeats to Exeter and Saracens, following closely from the record 38-0 European defeat at the hands of Munster.
Former England hooker Cockerill has coached at Leicester since 2004 and took the full reins as rugby director in 2010.
"I still believe that I am the right person to lead the team at this present time but respect the board's decision to make the change as they see fit in the best interests of the club
Leicester's slender 16-12 defeat to Saracens at Welford Road on New Year's Day proved the final straw for the Tigers board, who have moved swiftly to unseat their former front-rower Cockerill.
"It is with great sadness and regret that I leave my position as director of rugby with immediate effect," said Cockerill.
"I still believe that I am the right person to lead the team at this present time but respect the board's decision to make the change as they see fit in the best interests of the club.
"I wish to thank the club and in particular (chief executive) Simon Cohen and (chairman) Peter Tom for giving me the opportunity to lead this great club and the support they have given me in the last seven years.
"I arrived back at the club in 2004 as an academy coach and leave as director of rugby with a record that speaks for itself and stands up against any in club rugby in the world.
"This club has made me the person and the coach I am today and I will never forget what they have done for me.
"I wish (club captain) Tom Youngs and the team the very best for the future and will miss being part of the Tigers family."
Excitement is building in St Boswells as residents look forward to their annual village week, kicking off this weekend.
Saturday sees the week's festivities begin with a coffee morning and tennis fun day, followed by a wobbly bridge trail race and a cake sale on Sunday. A picnic lunch follows on Monday and a car treasure hunt and supper is planned for Wednesday.
The annual beat retreat and Scottish dancing takes place on Thursday before a family fancy-dress relay and football tournament follow next Friday.
Saturday, June 9, offers a boot camp, rock art, pet show, a visit from Newtown's donkey sanctuary, fancy-dress parade and family disco before the week concludes on Sunday with a church service, family fun day, children's entertainment, sports, village race and prize-giving.
The St Boswells Village Facebook page has more details.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- Kirk's Dik-diks are tiny antelopes that vary in color depending on their habitat. These animals have beautiful, large, dark eyes surrounded by a white ring.
Two Dik-diks are getting used to their new home at the Kansas City Zoo. One female named Snaps and one male named Dasher just moved into their exhibit in Africa near the Scrubland Aviary.
Dik-diks come from arid climates and get much of their water from the plants they consume. They have also evolved a cooling mechanism within their snouts that stops them from overheating, even in extreme temperatures of up to 104°F. This also helps minimize their need for water. They live in habitats with good cover but without tall herbage. And, they move to different ranges when grass grows too high and obstructs their view.
They weigh approximately 14 pounds and live about four years in the wild, 10 years in captivity.
"I think people are very confused when they see an antelope this small, when they've looked out on the plains exhibit, seen the eland that are hundreds of pounds, the Scimitar horned oryx and then they get to these guys that are 12 to 14 pounds. I think it's just kind of an impressive thing," said Josh Murray, assistant manager at the zoo.
They are herbivores. Plan to visit Dasher and Snaps. Snaps is five-years old and Dasher is one-and-a-half.
A Justice Department letter revealed that former Rep. Jesse Jackson Jr. informed prosecutors about his “other possible” crimes and offered to record conversations during a federal investigation while on home detention in 2015, reports the Chicago Sun-Times.
From Chicago Sun-Times:
“Mr. Jackson has informed the government of potential violations of law by him and others,” reads the Aug. 16, 2015, letter from Assistant U.S. Attorney Daniel C. Richenthal in Manhattan to Jackson attorney John Colette.
Jackson “has indicated that he desires to undertake certain actions, including participating in monitored and/or recorded telephone and/or email conversations and meetings, with the intention of providing the government with additional information regarding these potential violations of law,” the letter also states.
…Jackson signed the Richenthal letter as “agreed to” on Aug. 19, 2015. Richenthal notes in the Aug. 16 letter that there is no agreement by the government “not to prosecute Mr. Jackson.” The copy of the letter obtained by the Sun-Times includes a signature line for Colette, but the document isn't signed.
In March, Jackson said he and his estranged wife Sandi Jackson are $1.8 million in debt, reports the Chicago Tribune.
SOURCE: Chicago Sun-Times, Chicago Tribune
SEE ALSO:
News Roundup: Former Rep. Jesse Jackson Jr. To Be Released From Prison…AND MORE
Jesse Jackson Jr. Given Projected Prison Release Date
Make no bones about it, Crow and the Canyon are headed south this month for their first official performance in the Tahoe Basin — tour dogs in tow. Fortunately for their canine companions, the Portland folk pickers will be playing at Squaw Valley's 8th annual Peaks & Paws, a two-day, dog-friendly music, food, beer and wine festival to benefit the Humane Society of Truckee-Tahoe on June 17 and 18.
June 17 | 3-5 p.m. | Peaks & Paws Festival | Olympic Village
“It's actually kind of funny because we are totally dog people,” says Austin Quattlebaum. “At any given rehearsal, dogs are sleeping in the basement or running around the yard. The band mates without dogs will ask us if it's going to a two-dog tour. At least my dog has a purpose: he's the security dog. If you come anywhere near the van, he barks his head off. The other dogs will lick your head.”
Watch the video for “Seeds”
With the addition of Audra Nemir on upright bass, this up-and-coming band is beginning to run with the pack of the West Coast folk and bluegrass music scene. Nemir recently flew the kennel, as it were, for Portland after being hounded out by the ever-rising Bay Area cost of living.
Check out the music lineup for Peaks & Paws
“I knew I couldn't stay there long term, so I decided to bite the bullet and move,” she says. “Now I'm playing more than I ever have before. Having chosen to focus on music leaves me with more time to write and work on other projects. I've really clicked with the band members and I'm having a blast.”
As far as her opinion of dogs in the tour van, Nemir maintains that it depends on the pooch.
“I love having my own dog in the bus, but he's an older dog so he's happy to just sit in laps for hours,” she says. “He's so little and cute and outgoing that he makes friends everywhere we go. The more energetic the dog, the less fun it is to tour with it.”
Even if they can't quite agree on the pedigree, the band features a fine balance with Leigh Jones' vocals complementing Quattlebaum on banjo, Ben Larsen on mandolin and Jeremy Elliot on guitar.
“I think that bands can benefit from having some feminine energy in them to encourage some other creative forces,” says Quattlebaum. “Audra has been a good addition for us.”
Crow and the Canyon describe their sound as lyric-driven folkgrass.
“I think oftentimes we get put in the bluegrass category, but we're definitely not your traditional Flatt and Scruggs,” says Quattlebaum. “A lot like the new acoustic music that's out and about on the scene nowadays, we lean more towards a lyrical focus than a jamgrass band per say, but we do have those tendencies at a late-night live show.”
The band is currently is the process of planning a followup to their 2015 debut “Leaving Soon.”
“We've got a lot of new songs since that album came out, so it's just a matter of timing right now,” says Quattlebaum. “I think we'll be hunkering down sometime next winter.”
Quattlebaum honed his love of roots music while growing up around music festivals at the Spirit of the Suwannee Music Park in Live Oak, Fla., with his family. He began playing banjo during high school in Savanna, Georgia, before minoring in Appalachian folk music at Warren Wilson College in Asheville, N.C.
During an eight-year stint as an itinerant raft guide and van-touring musician, Quattlebaum was a member of California bluegrass staples such as Sam Chase & The Untraditional and Dead Winter Carpenters' foremother, The Rusty Buckets. He was passing through Portland toward the end of that era when he connected with Larsen via mutual friend Allie Krall of Yonder Mountain String Band. The two had been collaborating at the time in Larsen's now-defunct progressive bluegrass project, The Giraffe Dodgers.
“I met those folk singing and playing and the first time together we arranged a three-part vocal harmony,” he says. “I can't speak for the whole band, but I've always enjoyed folk music because it's such a family. You can go to a festival and there are bands sitting in with bands, people sitting in with people. You don't go to rock fests like Coachella and see bands sitting in with each other like that. It's all a big community.”
Luckily, that community also has plenty of room for the likes of Wigglebear, Sadie and Barack Obama: Crow and the Canyon's official tour dogs. Until then, “Woof!” | crowandthecanyon.com
For more information on Peaks & Paws, read the Event calendar in this edition.
SATURDAY Music Lineup Time Band Location 11 a.m.-1 p.m. Angele and the Wildwood First Street Stage 12-2 p.m. Front Country Main Stage 2-4 p.m. Bison First Street Stage 3-5 p.m. Crow and the Canyon Main Stage
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: London regulatory crackdown to cost Airbnb $400m in 2017
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
MSNBC host Joy Reid encouraged readers of her now-defunct blog to watch an infamous 9/11 conspiracy documentary, according to recently discovered posts shared with BuzzFeed News.
A March 22, 2006, post to her weblog, Reidblog, archived by the Wayback Machine and titled “The official story,” links to Loose Change 9/11, a viral 80-minute web video originally released in 2005. Loose Change, which was produced in part by Infowars' Alex Jones, alleged that the terrorist attacks on the World Trade Center were in fact planned by the US government. The central claims in Loose Change have been widely debunked.
“The fundamental question is: do you believe the official story of 9/11?” the post reads. “If you do, great. If you don't, then everything that happened after that is called into serious question. Even if you're agnostic, or you tend to believe that al-Qaida attacked the World Trade Center and Pentagon and that the government had no warning such a thing could happen, it's worth taking a second look.”
Neither Reid nor MSNBC responded to requests for comment.
The Loose Change post isn't the only skepticism on her blog about the attacks that killed 3,000 people. In a March 2006 post titled “Flashback: September 30, 2001,” Reid's blog notes that the US government identified the plotters suspiciously soon. It then repeats common truther questions about the collapse of the WTC 7 building, which was not hit by an airplane.
“For that matter, why did any of the WTV [sic] buildings fall...?” Reidblog states. “Somehow I think it will be a generation before we get the full story on what happened on 9/11?”
Reid has come under fire over the past six months after internet researchers surfaced other posts from the blog, several of which are anti-gay. The AM Joy host initially apologized for the posts last December, but in April claimed that hackers had inserted separate anti-gay posts into her decade-old blog. But the rising progressive star was forced to admit that she could not substantiate this claim after news reports called into question the validity of the evidence her private cybersecurity expert provided.
MSNBC and representatives for Reid have both pointed to an ongoing federal investigation into the hacking allegation to defer more questions about the host's claims.
While it's unclear who initiated this investigation, BuzzFeed News reported earlier in May that Reid's cybersecurity expert, Jonathan Nichols, has previously given information to the FBI that led to an investigation that a source closely familiar with FBI investigations characterized as a waste of time.
Since Tuesday, after ABC canceled Roseanne Barr's hit show following her racist tweet, MSNBC has faced renewed pressure from conservatives to address the Reid situation, particularly after Reid discussed the Roseanne controversy on air.
That pressure from the political right looks poised to continue. According to a person familiar with the matter, Fox News' Tucker Carlson plans to discuss other newly uncovered blog posts, concerning Reid's views on immigration, on his primetime show.
Steven Perlberg contributed reporting to this story.
Shashank @ActorShashank
Is this #RanbirKapoor or @duttsanjay himself??? Mind boggling transformation by Ranbir for #Sanju biopic👌🏻👌🏻👌🏻 @RajkumarHirani Sir 🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻
Ajay INDIAN @Ajay_KPatil
#Sanju DAMN!! It's just a teaser and I assure you that #Ranbir is going to be one of the top contenders for the best actor at Filmfare this year! Voice, looks & aura remind of real #sanjaydutt Best of luck team!
saurabh devrani @saurabh__018
Super excited to watch #Sanju , the teaser is splendid and it does a remarkable job of portraying the saga of #SanjayDutt .This movie can be endearing for many. Looking forward to watching the insight Journey of one of the eminent star of #Bollywood.
Bira ..! ᴰᵘᵗᵗˢᵀʰᵉᵂᵃʸ @mightytazwar
#Sanju trending with 22K all over India #RanbirKapoor trending with 17K at 2nd. RK ko apni position se peeche le jaye aisa hai #SanjuTeaser 💪
Pushkar Trivedi
@beingnotorious2 @beingnotorious2 Ranbir' blockbuster has arrived. What a look he adorned. Truly amazing. Loved it. #Sanju
BASU @sirbangabasu
#Sanju teaser is a treat for @duttsanjay's fan.. milestone for #RanbirKapoor .. & @RajkumarHirani again p...why he is the best story teller of this era 👊👊👊
Iyan Amjad @IyanAmjad
#Sanju teaser: BRILLIANT👌👌👍👍👏👏🕺🕺 @RajkumarHirani aur Ranbir ne kamal kar diya!
I've always said this and I'm saying it once again: RK is undoubtedly one of the FINEST and VERSATILE actors of hindi cinema today! It seems like @duttsanjay himself is telling the story!
Dhananjay Thorat @Dhananjay_T
Ranbir is ❤. Possibly the finest n most natural bollywood actor.Ever. How in the world he can pull off these different faces of Sanjay Dutt? He is growing as an actor with every film he does. #Sanju
Afnaan Rafique @Afnaanrafique
#Sanju Blockbuster written all over this nice little teaser. If the 1:26 min clip can give such feels wonder what will a 2 hour long can do. So very eager to watch this masterpiece. Ranbir Kapoor and Baba together REST IN PEACE Box-office!!
Saad Khan @SaadKhanCS @SaadKhanCS
@RajkumarHirani your smile has got humanity written all over it. #Sanju is going to be another classic. Congratulations, much in advance 😀
ATLANTA, GA--(Marketwired - February 15, 2017) - Honduran naturalist and holistic health guru, Dr. Sebi might have been best known for his claims that individuals should be only consuming foods that are identified as 'alkalizing plant foods (the alkaline diet)' to support the claim on his website that, "These foods control the acid level in the body, which protects against harmful mucus buildup that compromises organs and leads to the development of disease." Dr. Nishant Rao -- Medical Director of the nationally recognized weight loss program, Diet Doc believes that this particular claim isn't backed up by the facts. "The truth is that food has a very minor impact on the acid level within the body, which is in fact controlled by the lungs and the kidneys." Dr. Rao continues, "The body's normal acidic range is extremely narrow 7.35 to 7.45. Additionally, the pH for blood (which Dr. Sebi's diet is presumably referring to) is different from that of various cells in various parts of the body." Blood pH is highly regulated by the body, to the point where severe health issues can occur if it is thrown out of range.
Also, Dr. Rao warns that dieters should be aware of additional claims that aren't entirely factual. "Sebi's dietary information includes a few dubious statements such as, 'fruit contains protein'." Dr. Rao states that, "The diet's focus on vegetables that offer very little protein will produce weight loss, but that weight will primarily be muscle and will be very short lived, in addition to an overall negative effect on health and hormones." Dr. Rao believes that rather than merely attempting to eat an alkaline-based diet, individuals should opt for doctor-supervised diet planning that can be individual-specific in order to tackle one's dietary needs. While consuming more fruits and vegetables is always a good choice, overall it is more beneficial health-wise to create a nutritionally balanced diet to address the entire body's needs. Diet Doc offers unlimited dietary consulting with nutritional coaches and medical weight loss experts to help you lose weight quickly and safely. Rather than a one-size-fits all mentality, Diet Doc wants to assess your previous weight loss struggles and create specific diet plans based on your body chemistry.
All patients can get started immediately, with appetite suppressants and clinical weight loss aids conveniently shipped to their homes or offices. New Diet Doc patients can call or easily and effortlessly visit https://www.dietdoc.com to complete an initial comprehensive, yet simple, health questionnaire and schedule an immediate personal, no-cost consultation. Diet Doc Physicians all received specialized training in nutritional science and fast weight loss. Diet Doc reviews each patient's health history to create a personalized diet plan geared for fast weight loss, or that addresses life-long issues causing weight loss to slow down or stop. Nutritionists work personally with each patient and use their own algorithm to craft meal and snack plans that are compatible with each patient's age, gender, activity level, food preferences, nutritional needs and medical conditions. They combine these state of the art diet plans with pure, prescription diet products that enable their patients to resist the temptation to reach for sugary snacks, eliminate fatigue and curb the appetite. Over 97% of Diet Doc patients report incredible weight loss results with the majority losing 20 or more pounds per month.
At Diet Doc, all patients gain unlimited access to the best minds in the business. Their staff of doctors, nurses, nutritionists and coaches are available 6 days per week to answer questions, offer suggestions, address concerns and lend their professional guidance and support. Because of this, more and more people are turning to Diet Doc for their weight management needs. Diet plans are tailored to be specific to the needs of those of any age, gender, shape or size and for those who are struggling to lose that final 10-20 pounds to those who must lose 100 pounds or more. Call today to request a private, confidential, no-cost online consultation.
About the Company:
Diet Doc Weight Loss is the nation's leader in medical, weight loss offering a full line of prescription medication, doctor, nurse and nutritional coaching support. For over a decade, Diet Doc has produced a sophisticated, doctor designed weight loss program that addresses each individual specific health need to promote fast, safe and long term weight loss.
Twitter: https://twitter.com/DietDocMedical
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/DietDocMedicalWeightLoss/
Linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/company/diet-doc-weight-loss?trk=biz-brand-tree-co-logo
It is an exciting time for friends of Israel in the United Kingdom. The visit of HRH Prince William, the Duke of Cambridge, was a landmark moment in the shared history of our two countries. In becoming the first member of the Royal Family to make an official visit to Israel, he has righted a 70 year aberration.
The timing of the visit was highly poignant – occurring not only as Israel celebrates its 70th birthday, but also so soon after the UK marked “with pride” the centenary of the Balfour Declaration.
And what a visit it was! The photos of the future monarch that went around the world captured everything we know and love about Israel. From playing football with young Jewish and Arab children in Jaffa and relaxing on the beautiful Tel Aviv beaches, to solemnly reflecting in prayer at the Western Wall and even sharing a joke on Rothschild Boulevard with Netta, Israel's unofficial queen following her Eurovision success.The photos stood in stark contrast to those associated with the conflict, which will sadly have been more familiar to casual consumers of news. Viewers were able to see a young and vibrant country with deep historical roots.Symbolically, the trip highlighted that the long-standing cooperation between the UK and Israel is being celebrated in a more public and high-profile way than ever before. It must not be forgotten that it is on the British Government's recommendation that members of the Royal Family make official foreign visits.The significance of this cannot be overstated. As Prince William said: “The ties between our two countries have never been stronger.”Last week was cause for yet more celebration as the Conservative Friends of Israel (CFI) family grew when one of us (Eric Pickles) became a member of the House of Lords (Lord Pickles).While Israel's democracy is anchored in its single chamber Knesset, in the UK, we have a bicameral system and as co-chairmen in both the House of Commons and the House of Lords, CFI now has a permanent presence in both chambers for the first time ever.It is our mission to ensure that Israel's case is fairly and proudly heard in Parliament. It is a challenge that we relish and with our supporting team of 15 Parliamentary Officers – who are among Israel's most active supporters in the UK – CFI looks to be in particularly rude health.Israel receives strong support from the Conservative benches in the Houses of Parliament. Most of the Conservative Party's 313 MPs have visited Israel with CFI during their political careers, and a growing number of members of the House of Lords are now visiting. Each year, CFI's big annual lunch will see as many as 200 Conservative parliamentarians in attendance. And recent Conservative Governments have done more to support Israel than perhaps any in British history – including its continuous and resolute opposition to the so-called Boycott Divestment and Sanctions movement.Conservatives in the UK tend to instinctively support the Jewish state; it is, after all, the only true democracy in the Middle East and shares the same values as we do in the UK. But it is only by going on one of CFI's highly-regarded fact-finding missions to Israel and the West Bank that any parliamentarian can start to understand the complexities of the situation, and the thriving country that Israel is.This support is perhaps more important now than it has been in many decades.The Labour Party in the UK, which has been gripped by a depressing number of antisemitic scandals, is becoming ever more strident in its views against Israel.In the wake of recent violence on the Gaza border, the Labour Party's shadow foreign secretary spoke of a “massacre” and Israel “slaughtering peaceful protesters.” It was left to more than 20 Conservative parliamentarians to bring balance to the debate by expressing concerns at the events but highlighting the central role of Hamas in the violence.It is an unavoidable fact that Israel is one of the most oft-discussed foreign affairs issues in the Houses of Parliament.Despite the many pressing issues facing the international community, you can safely bet that every week there will be a question session or debate relating to Israel, and dozens of written questions will be tabled by parliamentarians of all political stripes.It is our hope that Conservative parliamentarians will be able to highlight the very many positive aspects of the UK-Israel relationship. Indeed, later today there is a 90-minute parliamentary debate on UK-Israel trade. Bilateral trade between our two countries has been at record levels in recent years and it is something a number of our Conservative colleagues look forward to celebrating.A few short weeks ago, CFI coordinated a trade focused delegation to Israel for eight Conservative parliamentarians.The visit gave them a first-hand insight into Israel's world-renowned high-tech scene, as well as an understanding of the post-Brexit trade opportunities that our countries will share in the near future. The debate will allow the MPs on this visit to champion everything from the hundreds of Israeli companies operating within the UK through to SodaStream's environmentally friendly approach to sparkling water and how its melting pot workforce stands as an example of peaceful coexistence for the region.There may be many issues on the agenda – everything from challenging the Palestinian Authority's continuing payment of salaries to convicted terrorists to the pressing need to challenge Iran's hegemonic ambitions – but we are excited to be working together to take CFI into its next chapter. We can't wait to get started. Kadima!Rt. Hon. Stephen Crabb MP is the CFI Parliamentary chairman in House of Commons and former Secretary of State for Work and Pensions.Rt. Hon. Eric Lord Pickles is the CFI Parliamentary chairman in House of Lords, United Kingdom Special Envoy for Post-Holocaust Issues, and former Secretary of State for Communities and Local Government.
The holiday season in Jeffreys Bay has been characterized by near perfect weather for the holidayakers who have flocked to the coastal town for their annual pilgrimage.
Local photographer Robbie Irlam took this image of Jeffreys Bay waking up during the festive season.
ALBUQUERQUE, NM--(Marketwired - February 15, 2017) - Last week, the Credit Union Association of New Mexico announced its support of the Community Development Financial Institutions Act. Responding to the growing concern that economically distressed communities in New Mexico require additional and direct support, House Bill 342 carried by Rep. Georgene Louis - D, would allow the State of New Mexico to invest in these communities throughout the state that need it most by leveraging public/private partnerships. These partnerships have the ability to help create jobs, provide affordable financial services to financially disadvantaged communities and help small businesses with seed capital.
"I'm proud to introduce this legislation that will inject resources and financial empowerment into the communities that need it most in our state," said Rep. Georgene Lewis.
CDFI funds are uniquely positioned to create jobs, spur economic growth, and revitalize neighborhoods in New Mexico's low-income, economically distressed and underrepresented communities simply by providing affordable credit and capital.
In Santa Fe, Guadalupe Credit Union has already seen success in utilizing grant funds from the U.S. Treasury Department's Community Development Financial Institution (CDFI) fund program. Winona Nava, CEO for Guadalupe Credit Union, stated that CDFI funding helps to "increase capacity to offer affordable loans to the people that need them most, in communities plagued by predatory lenders."
"The positive impact and success of CDFI's in providing access to financial education, affordable financial services, housing and access to seed capital to small businesses has been documented in many studies," stated Alejandra Seluja, an independent consultant that works with the National Federation of Community Development Credit Unions and the Ford Foundation on research that would help to better understand how immigrants utilize financial products and services, their financial needs and goals. "Considering the dire economic situation in New Mexico, a state CDFI fund would work to empower our most underserved communities."
CDFIs have been shown to supply tools that enable economically disadvantaged individuals to become self-sufficient stakeholders in their own future. These tools include providing financial services, loans, and investments; offering training and technical assistance services; and promoting development efforts that enable individuals and communities to effectively use credit and capital.
"As the national CDFI advocate for the credit union industry, the National Federation of Community Development Credit Unions congratulates the New Mexico legislature for this groundbreaking legislative action that creates a framework to support the community development and financial inclusion work of CDFIs across the state," said Pablo DeFilippi, Vice President Membership and Network Engagement, National Federation of CDCUs. "We applaud the leadership of the Credit Union Association of New Mexico in bringing this visionary initiative to fruition and hope to see this replicated in other states in the future. We look forward to working closely with CUANM to engage more credit unions in these efforts."
"Credit unions are uniquely positioned to assist in getting New Mexico growing again. Through Community Development initiatives, lending is stimulated and new jobs are the result," Paul Stull, CEO and President of the Credit Union Association of New Mexico stated. "Bringing together both public and private efforts to put more dollars into the economy is a benefit for the entire community. The CDFI vehicle is a proven way to create that partnership."
You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters
Message: * A friend wanted you to see this item from WRAL.com: http://wr.al/18oyG
— The Latest on President Donald Trump and the weekend's violence and death in Charlottesville, Virginia (all times local):
12:45 p.m.
President Donald Trump is saying that "racism is evil" as he condemns the KKK, neo-Nazis and white supremacists as "criminals and thugs."
He is speaking in the Diplomatic Reception Room of the White House after meeting with Attorney General Jeff Sessions and FBI director Christopher Wray about the race-fueled violence Saturday in Charlottesville, Virginia.
Trump has come under fire for his comments Saturday that "many sides" are to blame for the violence. In those remarks, he did not single out white supremacists or any other hate group, even as Republican lawmakers and others in his White House did condemn them by name.
___
11 a.m.
President Donald Trump is back at the White House and ignoring shouted questions about the race-fueled clashes in in Charlottesville, Virginia.
Trump briefly waved as he walked alone into the building, which is under renovation. He did not respond to loud queries from reporters about whether he condemns white supremacists and whether he condemns the actions of neo-Nazis.
One woman was killed Saturday when a car plowed into a group of counter-protesters who'd gathered to oppose a rally by white nationalists and others who oppose a plan to remove from a Charlottesville park of a statue of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee.
Trump has said "many sides" are to blame for violence.
The president is in Washington for one day during a working vacation mostly in Bedminster, New Jersey.
___
9:20 a.m.
The CEO of the nation's third largest pharmaceutical company is resigning from the President's American Manufacturing Council citing "a responsibility to take a stand against intolerance and extremism."
President Donald Trump lashed out almost immediately Monday at Merck CEO Kenneth Frazier on Twitter, saying Frazier "will have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES!"
Frazier's resignation comes shortly after a violent confrontation between white supremacists and protesters in Charlottesville, Virginia, that left one person dead and 19 injured. He said in a tweet on Monday that the country's leaders must "honor our fundamental values by clearly rejecting expressions of hatred, bigotry and group supremacy."
Trump responded to Saturday's violence in Charlottesville by blaming bigotry on "many sides." He has not explicitly condemned the white supremacists.
___
9:15 a.m.
Attorney General Jeff Sessions is telling ABC's "Good Morning America" that the death of a woman in Charlottesville, Virginia, "does meet the definition of domestic terrorism in our statute."
Sessions said the Justice Department is pursuing the case "in every way."
He added: "You can be sure we will charge and advance the investigation towards the most serious charges that can be brought, because this is an unequivocally unacceptable and evil attack that cannot be accepted in America."
Sessions also says he is meeting with President Donald Trump and officials from the FBI on Monday to discuss the recent violence in Charlottesville, Virginia.
___
7:00 a.m.
Attorney General Jeff Sessions says "too much has been read into" President Donald Trump's statement Saturday amid violence at a protest in Charlottesville, Virginia, related to the removal of a Confederate monument.
In several television interviews on Monday, Sessions said Trump had "explicitly condemned" violence and that "he totally opposes" the values espoused by white supremacy organizations. Trump referenced violence "on many sides."
He tells NBC News that Trump " will be speaking to the people today" although he isn't sure what Trump will say. Sessions added: "He's been firm on this from the beginning. He is appalled by this."
___
3:44 a.m.
As President Donald Trump remained out of sight and silent, pressure mounted from both sides of the aisle for him to explicitly condemn white supremacists and hate groups involved in deadly, race-fueled clashes in Charlottesville, Virginia.
Trump, who has been at his New Jersey golf club on a working vacation, was set to make a one-day return to Washington on Monday to sign an executive action on China's trade practices. But he will likely be unable to escape questions and criticism for his initial response to the Saturday's violence, for which he blamed bigotry on "many sides."
The White House tried to stem the damage on Sunday. Senior aides were dispatched to the morning news shows, yet they struggled at times to explain the president's position. A new White House statement on Sunday explicitly denounced the Ku Klux Klan and neo-Nazi groups, but it was attributed to an unnamed spokesperson and not the president himself.
Share Article Facebook
Twitter
Email You are free to share this article under the Attribution 4.0 International license. Follow Futurity RSS
Twitter
Facebook
Newsletter
Among an indigenous group of people in the Amazon region of Bolivia, atherosclerosis is practically nonexistent, whereas it's a common fact of life for most Americans over 60. It's a complicated comparison, but parasitic worms seem to be part of the equation, say researchers.
“The Tsimane have the lowest reported prevalence of atherosclerosis than any population recorded to date,” says Michael Gurven, professor of anthropology at the University of California, Santa Barbara.
An 80-year-old Tsimane has the same arterial age as an American in his or her mid-50s.
Atherosclerosis is a disease in which plaque—composed of fat, cholesterol, calcium, and other substances—builds up inside the arteries. Over time, the plaque hardens and can impede blood flow. When the buildup occurs, plaque can rupture and blood clots form in a coronary artery, leading to a heart attack—or worse.
For the study, published in the Lancet, researchers measured the participants' risk of heart disease using non-invasive chest CT scans of 705 adults over age 40. They measured the extent of coronary atherosclerosis by computing the coronary artery calcification (CAC) score, which has been shown to be a reliable predictor of heart attacks and other cardiovascular events.
Based on the CAC scores, 85 percent had no risk of heart disease, 13 percent had low risk, and only 3 percent had moderate or high risk. Consistent with this low overall risk of coronary atherosclerosis, heart rate, blood pressure, cholesterol, and blood glucose also were low.
And these findings extend into old age. Sixty-five percent of 80-year-old Tsimane had almost no risk and only 8 percent had moderate risk.
By comparison, the United States-based Multi-Ethnic Study of Atherosclerosis, which included 6,814 people ages 45 to 84, found that only 14 percent of Americans had no risk of heart disease and a whopping 50 percent had a moderate or high risk—a five-fold higher prevalence than in the Tsimane population.
Tsimane men and women also showed similar risk, while CAC scores in the US and elsewhere are two to four times higher in men than women. Based on the comparison with the US study, an 80-year-old Tsimane has the same arterial age as an American in his or her mid-50s.
Two reasons why
“We already know several risk factors commonly lead to heart disease,” Guerven says. “The Tsimane have minimal smoking, and they have no trans fat, and little saturated fat in their diets. They eat a lot of carbs, but they aren't processed or refined. They're mostly fiber-rich crops from their fields. They're also active physically—not vigorously running marathons, but they are rarely sedentary. In combination, these factors put the Tsimane at lower levels of heart disease risk.”
So isn't this just proof that if Americans lived a more Paleo-friendly lifestyle atherosclerosis would be the exception for us as well?
“Two aspects of Tsimane health are difficult to reconcile with their minimal atherosclerosis,” says Gurven. “Their ‘good cholesterol'—or HDL—is really low. Low enough to be classified as high-risk for most Tsimane.”
The second point has to do with inflammation, which, has been implicated in all stages of atherosclerosis. “Tsimane have elevated levels of inflammation, no matter which biomarker of inflammation we examine,” he says. “Chronically elevated levels of low-grade inflammation have been consistently associated with atherosclerosis and its clinical manifestations in most studies.”
The fact that the same people have been sampled multiple times throughout their longitudinal Tsimane Health and Life History study demonstrates that the inflammation experienced by Tsimane is a chronic condition.
“Tsimane do suffer from acute infections, but inflammation is still relatively high even among those without active infections, and levels are consistent over time,” says coauthor Benjamin Trumble, formerly a postdoctoral researcher at UC Santa Barbara and now an assistant professor at the University of Arizona.
Worms and inflammation
So why might elevate inflammation not place the Tsimane at higher risk for coronary artery disease? That leads to the role of intestinal helminths (worms) in heart disease, which he and colleagues assessed in a review paper in the journal Evolution, Medicine & Public Health.
The findings of that study show that among the Tsimane, people with worms have lower cholesterol and higher energy expenditures. “If you're burning more calories each day, it's easier to keep your weight down,” Guerven says. “But those are conventional risk factors.”
Worms may also help modulate and regulate immune function. And that is where opportunities for building new understanding can arise.
“There is some novelty here. In the poly-infected Tsimane world, most have helminthes, distinct gut microbiota and other infections. The initiation and progression of atherosclerosis, from lesion and atheroma development to plaque rupture, all involve inflammatory immune responses.”
Parasites are part of the story
The interesting possibility is that worms—perhaps in combination with other types of infections—might promote anti-inflammatory activity that protects against inflammation. Or they might help regulate immune function in ways that make inflammation less destructive to Tsimane arteries than it is for us.
Among Tsimane, the source of elevated inflammation is different than the chronic low-grade inflammation that affects Americans. “Our inflammation isn't coming from infection, for the most part,” says Angela Garcia, a doctoral student in anthropology and coauthor of the paper. “It's ‘sterile'—that is, it comes from smoking and obesity. But that's not what we're seeing with the Tsimane.”
Either way you look at it, parasites are part of the story of Tsimane lives, and so should be considered in combination with more conventional risk factors like diet, smoking, and activity, Gurven says.
Figuring out the relative contributions of the risk factors in isolation, and in combination, is the complicated part. “It's hard to know whether there are threshold levels. Some experts believe, for example, that if your LDL cholesterol is so low [e.g. <70 mg/dL], there's nothing to oxidize and build up in the arteries, and so it might not matter how sedentary you are. But without taking statins, there is probably no way a sedentary American eating a typical diet will ever get their LDL that low.”
Recommendations concerning “healthy” cholesterol levels and the point at which statins become an appropriate course of action have changed, Gurven notes. “But even the levels typically recommended as being desirable [<100 mg/dL] are still a lot higher than those observed among Tsimane and other subsistence populations.
“At the beginning of our longitudinal study, the average Tsimane LDL was 72 mg/dL,” Gurven csays, “but now it's higher—91 mg/dL—as Tsimane lifestyles have begun to change. Disentangling how the mix of risk factors and exposures now shifting over the life course will impact heart disease risk in the coming years is a critical next step.”
Researchers from the University of New Mexico; the Institute for Advanced Study in Toulouse, France; and the Horus Project are coauthors of the work.
Source: UC Santa Barbara
Subscribe to read: Financial Times
Clash of Clans maker Supercell looks to acquire as sales stall
Subscribe to read: Financial Times John Neumeier's labour-of-love ballet about Nijinsky comes to Paris
Try all of the FT's content with a Premium Digital Trial 4 weeks for $1.00* Select Start a Digital Trial for $1.00 per week. You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $6.45 per week* Select Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $6.45 per week You will be billed $36.00 per month after the trial ends per week Read more Access to FT's award-winning news on desktop, mobile and tablet
Personalised email briefings by industry, journalist or sector
Portfolio tools to help manage your investments
FastFT - market-moving news and views, 24 hours a day
Brexit Briefing - Your essential guide to the impact of the UK-EU split Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week* Select Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends per week Read more All the benefits of Standard Digital, plus: Unlimited access to all content
Instant Insights column for comment and analysis as news unfolds
FT Confidential Research - in-depth China and Southeast Asia analysis
ePaper - the digital replica of the printed newspaper
Full access to LEX - our agenda setting daily commentary
Exclusive emails, including a weekly email from our Editor, Lionel Barber
Full access to EM Squared- news and analysis service on emerging markets Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week* Select Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends per week Read more All the benefits of Premium Digital, plus: Free delivery to your home or office, Monday to Saturday
FT Weekend - a stimulating blend of news and lifestyle
Other Subscription options:
After high school, the twins shifted their priorities to focus on forging an independent music career that led to successful songs like "Walking with a Ghost" and "Back in Your Head" in the mid-2000s.
It wasn't until years later, after the election of former U.S. president Barack Obama, that Quin believes she was "re-invigorated around queer politics." She saw awareness of LGBTQ rights in the mainstream dominated almost entirely by the conversation over marriage equality in the United States.
"I worried that once that was secured no one would pay attention to all the other issues — and that's exactly what happened," she said.
Producing a mainstream pop album offered the sisters an opportunity to use the platform as a bullhorn for queer issues and LGBTQ causes that didn't have as flashy of a narrative as marriage.
While their identities didn't play an overt role in lush pop hits like 2013's "Closer" and "I Was a Fool," suddenly they were thrust into the conversation about queer identity — an opportunity they took on wholeheartedly.
"We can't judge everyone else for letting go of the fight, we have to keep promoting the fight," Quin said.
"It's not a phase, it's just part of my life."
After U.S. President Donald Trump was elected in 2016, they created the Tegan and Sara Foundation to raise money for various LGBTQ issues and organizations. Right now, they're focused on gathering donations to help send 100 kids to LGBTQ summer camps in the U.S. and Canada.
But despite the duo's activism, they've yet to write any songs with an overt political bent — whether it's about Trump or Prime Minister Justin Trudeau.
"I'm not envious of people putting out albums right now because there is such a desire to be political," Quin said.
"I don't feel like writing political music because my life is so political. Music is where I go to retreat, not to go deeper into the hellhole I see around me all the time."
While Tegan and Sara have plenty of opinions about Trump, some which they shared when they launched the LGBTQ foundation, Quin said she believes too much attention is being dedicated to blaming the president for bigger social problems.
"To me it's not really about him — it's about humanity and what he brings out," she said.
These days, Quin and her sister are feeling nostalgic for another time. They're working on a memoir that will reflect on memories of growing up in the 1990s, before they embarked on serious music careers.
"Our childhood wasn't always easy," Quin said, "but there was something extremely cool about the time we came up in — the music, culture and specifically the group of people we were involved with."
They hope to pair the book with a podcast that incorporates music — though it won't be new songs from Tegan and Sara, Quin promises.
The sisters are on a songwriting break, at least for now, she added.
The hope is that'll give them both enough time to focus on charity work as they plow into uncharted territory for LGBTQ musicians.
"I love our career," she said. "We are in our own lane."
Follow @dfriend on Twitter.
By David Friend, The Canadian Press
GREENVILLE, N.C. (WNCT) – It's been a fun year for Morning Edition's Make it Monday segment.
This week, we're taking a look back at our top five projects and tutorials.
5. How to make home decor using the PVPP method with Wendy Zock. Click here.
4. Angela Maldonado shows us how to make your own Pumpkin Spice Latte. Click here.
3. Designers at Coastal Fog in Greenville share the do's and dont's of gallery walls. Click here.
2. We jump on the paleo smoothie kick with Sarah Yuhas-Schiltz. Click here.
1. Keep your house guests happy with a printable wi-fi password sign. Click here.
Follow WNCT's Maria Satira on Pinterest for more “Make It” ideas. To share your ideas, send her a message on Facebook or Twitter!
Footballer Obafemi Martins recently moved into his new luxurious home in Lagos.
Actress Eniola Badmus paid him a visit on Saturday and shared photos of his expensive customized interior.
Source: http://naijavibes.net/2017/01/photos-footballer-obafemi-martins-fully-customized-luxury-mansion-lagos/
SHELBURNE, Ont. — Police west of Toronto say a suspect in the death of a 30-year-old woman from Brampton, Ont., has been found dead.
Peel Regional Police say 46-year-old Nicholas Anthony Young was found dead in Shelburne, Ont., on Friday.
They say his death has been deemed not suspicious.
Young was the subject of a Canada-wide warrant for second-degree murder in the death of Hoden Said, whose body was found in a home in Brampton last Saturday.
Police say that was Peel Region's fourth homicide of the year.
Anyone with information about the case is urged to call police or Crime Stoppers.
From Tony Veneziano
WILMOT, Wisc. (March 19, 2018) — Tickets are now on sale for the Badger 40, featuring the World of Outlaws Craftsman Sprint Car Series at Wilmot Raceway in Wilmot, Wisconsin on Saturday, June 2 and can be purchased online at slspromotions.ticketforce.com or by calling SLS Promotions at 815-344-2023.
SLS Promotions
slspromotions.ticketforce.com
Buy tickets online. SLS Promotions ticket reservation system. Book your tickets instantly.
David Gravel remained undefeated in World of Outlaws Craftsman Sprint Car Series competition at Wilmot Raceway in 2017, by winning the Badger 40. Gravel has won each of the last three Outlaws races at Wilmot. Last season, he was victorious in a thriller over Shane Stewart and Brad Sweet. That trio traded the lead five times in the last 11 laps of the 40-lap race. Gravel also won at Wilmot with the World of Outlaws Craftsman Sprint Car Series in 2014 and 2016.
Daryn Pittman, the 2013 series champion, is a past winner at Wilmot Raceway, taking the checkered flag in 2008. In the inaugural event for the World of Outlaws Craftsman Sprint Car Series at the third-mile bullring in 2006, Mark Dobmeier was victorious, which marked his first-career World of Outlaws Craftsman Sprint Car Series win.
Battling Gravel, Pittman, Stewart and Sweet in 2017 is another stout group of full-time competitors including nine-time and defending series champion Donny Schatz, as well as fellow veteran drivers Jason Johnson, Tim Shaffer Kraig Kinser, Jason Sides and Greg Wilson.
Logan Schuchart, who won four races last year, along with his Shark Racing teammate Jacob Allen are back on the road again this season, as is teenager Clyde Knipp from Missouri. Sheldon Haudenschild and Brent Marks who battled for the Kevin Gobrecht Rookie of the Year Award last year, are back on the Outlaws trail this season. Haudenschild has visited victory twice thus far in 2018 and is currently second in points.
Ian Madsen, Parker Price-Miller and Dane Lorenc are all in the midst of their first full season on the tour.
Tickets for the Badger 40, featuring the World of Outlaws Craftsman Sprint Car Series at Wilmot Raceway in Wilmot, Wisconsin on Saturday, June 2 and can be purchased online at slspromotions.ticketforce.com or by calling SLS Promotions at 815-344-2023. Also in action will be the Wisconsin wingLESS Sprint Series and the Wisconsin Illinois Mini Sprints.
Suspected carjacker nabbed with woman's stolen vehicle -showed cops ‘valid' registration when stopped
Police appear to be slowly gaining the upper hand against the perpetrators of recent carjackings.
The most recent success occurred yesterday, after police were able to link a man who was implicated in a number of recent carjackings to one which occurred last year.
The victim, a 66-year-old woman, was about to drive into her yard at Irving Street, Queenstown, on November 4, 2017, when three men held her at gunpoint.
The bandits then drove off with the woman's Toyota Allion.
“Today (yesterday) the woman positively identified her stolen vehicle, which was impounded recently at an ‘A' Division Station,” police said.
“Her registration matched that of the engine and chassis numbers, with the only exception being the (vehicle's) colour, which was changed.”
“The said vehicle was found in possession of a male who claimed ownership and even produced a valid registration, but police had their suspicions and impounded the vehicle, pending further investigations.”
Police said that shortly after, the suspect and anther individual were fingered in a number of robberies, in which the victims were relieved of their vehicles.
The suspects have since been charged and remanded, but will now face additional charges.
Late last month, police arrested a taxi base operator and four of his employees. They also seized four cars from the East Bank Demerara-based service.
Police ranks had visited the taxi service to look for a crashed vehicle which was taken to the mechanic shop by an individual who was charged and is currently out on bail for stealing a car.
It was there that they found the four vehicles, including a crashed Toyota Fielder Wagon and a Toyota Allion in similar condition. The chassis numbers for the two crashed vehicles had been tampered with.
Late last year, the man was arrested after he reportedly conspired with others to hijack a car on December 14, last, at Better Hope, East Coast Demerara.
There were 41 carjackings in 2015; 36 in 2016, and 47 in 2017. Of 47 cases in 2017, at least 16 of the stolen vehicles were Toyota Premio, and eight were Toyota Allion.
FILE - In this Jan. 8, 2017, file photo, Harvey Weinstein arrives at The Weinstein Company and Netflix Golden Globes afterparty in Beverly Hills, Calif. New York's governor on Monday, March 19, 2018, directed the state's attorney general to review the 2015 decision by the Manhattan district attorney's office to not prosecute a sex abuse case against Weinstein. Photo by Chris Pizzello
Trans men are not only invading women's sports, now they are leading feminist organizations, which completely smacks in the face their idea of “patriarchy.”
Gabrielle Bouchard, a transgender man, has been elected as the new president of the largest feminist organization in Quebec, according to LifeSiteNews.
The Federation des Femmes du Quebec is basically the Canadian version of America's NOW, and “represents some 300 feminist groups and about 700 individual members.”
Bouchard's appointment has not gone over well in some of Quebec's media circles, saying that placing a man ahead of a feminist organization only serves to reinforce the patriarchy. Bouchard rejects such claims.
“They are saying we'll tolerate trans women as long as they are not in a position of power,” Bouchard told Canadian Press. “We'll tolerate lesbians in the movement as long as they stand 10 feet away.”
He accuses the critics of falling into a patriarchal construct that “presumes all women live the same experience — which is not true.”
“All the barriers I face are actually based in sexism,” he said. “They also happen to be based in transphobia. I am living at the intersection of trans identity and being a woman, and it creates a marginalization that some women don't face.”
So shouldn't you be a representation of what woman face as the leader of their organization? The vast majority of women don't face transphobia as an issue in their everyday lives, so why is electing a leader who faces this issue important?
Journal du Montreal writer Denise Bombardier wrote two columns critical of Bouchard's election. “Who is this man who became a woman as an adult?” she questioned. “How can she speak on behalf of all women, as someone who was raised in a masculine culture, ignoring the experiences that women have lived through since they were born?”
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
Priyanka Chopra and Nick Jonas have sparked some dating rumours with three consecutive appearances.
The duo was first spotted together at the red carpet of MET Gala 2018. Following which, the ‘Desi girl' and popstar were seen together at Hollywood Bowl, then Dodgers Stadium, and lastly, cruising on a luxury yacht – all in one weekend.
The link-up speculations have left their fans in a tizzy. Here are some of the best responses from the lot.
A fan wrote, “Just saw Priyanka Chopra with Nick Jonas at the dodger game, predicting them to be the hottest couple of 2018.”
One user tweeted a meme and wrote, “Priyanka Chopra: I'm staying single until you see a ring on my finger | Also Priyanka Chopra: *is being seen holding nick jonas' hand and cuddling up to him*”.
One tweet read, “Honestly I don't ask for a lot of celebrities and their courtships but if Nick Jonas and Priyanka Chopra aren't actually dating and this is some sort of “just friends” thing, I will be so upset”.
“What is going on today? Roseanne. Andy Lincoln leaving TWD, Norman Reedus & Diana Kruger apparently having a baby & now Nick Jonas is apparently dating Priyanka Chopra! He's like 12! WTF is going on”, read one post.
One person posted, “I went to sleep and suddenly Nick Jonas and Priyanka Chopra (aka two of the prettiest people in the world) are “seeing each other a lot” and now Drake has a secret baby?! Twitter… You're doing so well sweetie keep it up”.
Another fan wrote, “People hung up on Drake and his child – meanwhile I'm still shook by this Priyanka Chopra and Nick Jonas news”.
Subscribe to read: Financial Times GE finance chief to depart at end of the year amid shake-up
Try all of the FT's content with a Premium Digital Trial 4 weeks for $1.00* Select Start a Digital Trial for $1.00 per week. You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $6.45 per week* Select Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $6.45 per week You will be billed $36.00 per month after the trial ends per week Read more Access to FT's award-winning news on desktop, mobile and tablet
Personalised email briefings by industry, journalist or sector
Portfolio tools to help manage your investments
FastFT - market-moving news and views, 24 hours a day
Brexit Briefing - Your essential guide to the impact of the UK-EU split Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week* Select Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends per week Read more All the benefits of Standard Digital, plus: Unlimited access to all content
Instant Insights column for comment and analysis as news unfolds
FT Confidential Research - in-depth China and Southeast Asia analysis
ePaper - the digital replica of the printed newspaper
Full access to LEX - our agenda setting daily commentary
Exclusive emails, including a weekly email from our Editor, Lionel Barber
Full access to EM Squared- news and analysis service on emerging markets Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week* Select Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends per week Read more All the benefits of Premium Digital, plus: Free delivery to your home or office, Monday to Saturday
FT Weekend - a stimulating blend of news and lifestyle
Other Subscription options:
Does people-watching from a third-floor view above Boise sounds like your cup of Long Island Iced Tea?
You need to sip a cocktail on the roof-deck patio at the Residence Inn by Marriott at 400 S. Capitol Blvd.
It's a work in progress, but Downtown's newest outdoor gathering spot is already rising above the competition.
It's a perfect place to enjoy beverages while looking down on others. (Wait, does that sound smug? Yes, minions on the streets below, it does.)
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
Skeptical? I get it. Why would you choose a chain-hotel patio if you're headed Downtown for appetizers and drinks? When the Residence Inn opened seven months ago, its business plan did not include a patio bar open to the public.
But this 2,800-square-foot relaxation zone wound up having too much potential. There are two fireplaces. Two fire pits. Three shiny gas grills. And that birds-eye view.
The Residence Inn by Marriott in Downtown Boise recently debuted its roof-deck patio bar, which is accessible from the third floor. Darin Oswald doswald@idahostatesman.com
Mayor Dave Bieter saw the possibilities. He was one of the first to pester, er, lobby for this patio bar, general manager Aimee Tylor says.
"I'll blame the mayor," she explains with a chuckle. "He kept saying, 'When are you going to open up that roof deck?' I'm like, 'Well, you can always come over.' He's like, 'No, when are going to open up the roof deck? When are you going to open up the bar? When are you going to let people come up?' "
On May 4, the Residence Inn patio morphed from guests-only hangout to official Downtown bar contender. A couple of signs on the sidewalk outside have been enough to lure curious passersby into the elevator and up to the patio.
After all, Boiseans love patios. If you tossed an upside-down milk crate on the street outside a restaurant, we'd run up and sit around it.
A fire pit warms the atmosphere at the roof-deck patio bar at the new Residence Inn by Marriott in Downtown Boise. Residence Inn by Marriott
This is different, though. There's a dearth of rooftop patios in this city. You can grab drinks at the tiki-themed Reef restaurant and bar in Old Boise. Or nibble lunch at Zee's Rooftop cafe atop the C.W. Moore Plaza.
But the new Residence Inn patio is a borderline game changer.
"There's nothing like this in Boise," Tylor says.
The patio is open during the day, so feel free to wander up and scout things out. The patio bar serves from 5 to 9 p.m. Monday through Saturday. Tylor is toying with the possibility of staying open until 10 p.m. in the future. "Right now, we're trying to see what the impact is on guests."
Food is limited. You can choose from four small plates: Caesar salad ($8), a hummus platter ($8), garden bites ($6) and a Tuscany board ($10). The modest beer, wine and cocktail menu isn't groundbreaking, either. ("Yo, bartender, is that Roof Deck Revelry drink for $10 anything like a Long Island Iced Tea?") But libations options will grow. Hiring a craft-drink-oriented bartender in on the agenda.
"We're hotel people," Tylor admits. "We're not food and beverage people. I had to go find a food and beverage director and say, 'Come on, let's make it work!' "
Future upgrades include a TV mounted above the fireplace over by the grills. And music. Right now, there's a DJ on Fridays. Tylor would like to add live, local jazz on Tuesdays.
"Nothing extravagant," she says. "Just enough to entertain people."
Speaking of those grills, how awesome would it be if a guy ran down to Whole Foods between rounds of drinks, bought a rib-eye steak and threw it on a Weber?
Those Weber grills are way too clean, right? Hotel guests (and even bar customers) are welcome to fire up some food on the roof-deck patio at the Residence Inn by Marriott in Downtown Boise. Michael Deeds mdeeds@idahostatesman.com
"I would frown on that if you didn't rent a hotel room," Tylor says. "It's for guests."
What? The grills are exclusively part of the Residence Inn's "home away from home" hotel concept? Apparently, the rest of us riff-raff are out of luck.
"You know what?" Tylor says after a pause. "Hey. We're going to welcome everybody. If they want to throw a steak up there, I'm not going to be too picky. So long as they're drinking my top-shelf liquor, it's all good!"
This patio bar is all good. Better yet, it's just getting started.
"We've done nothing so far," Tylor admits. "We're working on it. There's a plan coming. We're just trying to stay ahead of it.
"It's just such a cool place. It's hard not to want to share it with everybody."
You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters
Message: * A friend wanted you to see this item from WRAL.com: http://wr.al/18KYs
— A top House Republican, Steve Scalise of Louisiana, was among several people wounded early Wednesday in a shooting at a congressional baseball practice in Alexandria, Virginia. Here are the five things to know about the incident:
Shooting reported during early morning hours
The Alexandria Police Department responded to Eugene Simpson Stadium Park shortly after 7:30 a.m. after receiving reports of a shooting. When they arrived, Alexandria police, along with members of the Congressional security detail, engaged the shooting suspect and provided aide to those injured.
Members of Congress practicing for charity event
For most people, their first thought upon hearing of the shootings at a baseball practice for Congressional Republicans went something like this: Why are members of Congress on a baseball diamond at 7 am on a weekday?
The answer is the Congressional Baseball Game, a tradition among lawmakers going back to the early part of the 20th century.
The game began in 1909 by Rep. John Tener of Pennsylvania, who once played pro baseball for the Baltimore Orioles, among other teams.
Dozens of shots fired during exchange between police, gunman
Witnesses at the scene described the chaos, saying there were dozens of shots fired. Arizona Sen. Jeff Flake said he and others went into a dugout at the stadium to take over when shots rang out.
Suspect in DC shooting dead, Trump says
President Donald Trump says the assailant in the congressional shooting has died from his injuries.
Trump said Wednesday morning that the gunman who shot Rep. Steve Scalise, of Louisiana, had died. The assailant has been identified as James T. Hodgkinson.
Capitol Police officers injured, but expected to be OK
U.S. Capitol Police say the officers wounded while responding to the shooting of a congressman are expected to survive.
Capitol Police Chief Matthew Verderosa said during a news conference Wednesday that the officers wounded are in good condition and had injuries not considered life-threatening. The nature of their injuries was not immediately clear.
Trump weighs in on Twitter
Trump says he and the vice president are "deeply saddened" by the news of the shooting.
The president tweeted Wednesday, "Rep. Steve Scalise of Louisiana, a true friend and patriot, was badly injured but will fully recover."
He adds, "Our thoughts and prayers are with him."
Rep. Steve Scalise of Louisiana, a true friend and patriot, was badly injured but will fully recover. Our thoughts and prayers are with him. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 14, 2017
A witness who was nearby told reporters the scene was chaotic as police responded.
Up And Coming International Vacation SpotsThings change fast in the international world of travel. From time to time, there are fairly untouched gems, like Mozambique 15 years ago or Cuba 10 years ago. For very different reasons, Germany, Argentina, the Philippines, and Madagascar are destinations to consider or re-consider for your up-and-coming vacation bucket list.
Wander Minnesota: The Science of PixarThe Science of Pixar at the Science Museum of Minnesota will thrill fans (of all ages) of the legendary animation studio.
Top 5 Vacations For People Who Don't Like Big CitiesGet away from big city life by taking your vacation in five of the best small towns in America
America's 5 Best Rivers For Fly FishingAn introduction to five of America's best fly fishing rivers
CLOSE SportsPulse: USA TODAY Sports' Jarrett Bell breaks down the state of the playoff picture. USA TODAY Sports
New York Giants quarterback Eli Manning (10) escapes pressure by Dallas Cowboys defensive end DeMarcus Lawrence (90) during the third quarter at MetLife Stadium. (Photo: Brad Penner/USA TODAY Sports)
Dallas Cowboys defensive end DeMarcus Lawrence blasted NFL officiating in a postgame rant following the Cowboys' 30-10 road win over the Giants Sunday.
Lawrence, who leads the NFL with 13.5 sacks, said his team isn't benefiting from enough holding calls in recent weeks.
“We ain't getting no holding calls. The refs are out there for nothing,” he said. “I ain't seen a holding call in the last five games, it's ridiculous that the refs are out here just looking at me getting tackled by offensive linemen.
“It's like, ‘C'mon, if you're going to be out here, do your job.”
He ended the rant with “F--- the refs.” And while the breakout pass-rusher will likely face a fine for his comments, he may have a point.
Cowboys' opponents have been flagged for holding just 10 times this season, the second-fewest in the NFL. The Cowboys' O-line -- which is still one of the best units in football this season -- has 21 holding penalties, tied for fifth-most in the league.
#DallasCowboys DL has been the beneficiary of just 10 holding calls, the second-fewest in the NFL.#Cowboys OL has 21 holding calls, tied for fifth-most in the NFL. https://t.co/b148Jap4Zi — Mark Lane (@therealmarklane) December 10, 2017
He took aim at the NFL's rules adjustments that focus on protecting the quarterback -- something he says is a double standard.
“I feel like it's unfair. I have a family to come home to. If you're trying to protect quarterbacks, you've got to protect me too,” he said. “If you're going to do it, you have to do it on both sides. If you're going to sit here and call some BS on my O-line, you gotta it call on their O-line too.”
New York was flagged once for holding on Sunday. The Redskins were called for holding once in the Cowboys' Week 13 game on Nov. 30. In the eight games before that, the Cowboys' defensive line didn't benefit from a single holding call on the line of scrimmage.
Dallas offensive linemen and tight ends have seen 18 holding calls over the same stretch, according to the Star-Telegram.
COOS BAY, Ore. (AP) – The city of Coos Bay has filed a lawsuit in federal court against the National Marine Fisheries Service over its recommendation for more restrictive floodplain regulations, which would restrict development in most downtown.
The World reports (https://goo.gl/9UukKs ) the suit was filed Thursday objecting to land-use restrictions recommended by the fisheries service to the Federal Emergency Management Agency's flood insurance program in an opinion issued last year.
Damien Schiff, an attorney with the Pacific Legal Foundation which is representing the city, said the biological opinion from the fisheries service is an improper expansion of both FEMA and the agency's authority.
Fisheries are asking FEMA to place high-risk floodplains off-limits to development because it says it will better protect endangered species such as salmon and steelhead.
Floodplains are areas along rivers, stream and shorelines that are regularly inundated with water.
(Photo by Dan Kitwood/Getty Images)
Listen to Poet & Flexx all week for your chance to win a pair of tickets to the Metro Workers 7th Annual Christmas Extravaganza.
The show, featuring Backyard Band, Kim Michelle, Frand Sirius and more, with our very own by DJ Jealously, goes down Saturday December 16 at The Hyatt Crystal City.
Oh….& the show is hosted by none other than DJ Flexx & Poet
Tickets are On-Sale Now.
For Tickets & More Info Click Here
A Massachusetts man is accused of operating a "chilling" cyberstalking campaign against his former roommate, her friends and family.
A Massachusetts man is accused of operating a "chilling" cyberstalking campaign against his former roommate, her friends and family, which included making a series of bomb threats to a local school district.
Ryan S. Lin, 24, of Newton, was arrested Thursday night and charged with one count of cyberstalking for his actions against the 24-year-old female victim, according to acting U.S. Attorney William D. Weinreb.
Federal investigators said Lin began living with the victim and her roommates in the spring of 2016, after answering a Craigslist ad for a vacant room in their Watertown house.
Almost immediately, authorities said Lin launched a campaign against the woman after hacking into her online accounts and devices, stealing private photographs, personally identifiable information, and private diary entries that contained highly sensitive details about her medical, psychological and sexual history.
Lin then allegedly shared the private photographs and diary entries with hundreds of others, including her co-workers and 13-year-old sister.
He also allegedly created fake online profiles in her name with her personal address that solicited men to come to her home to fulfill rape fantasies. Men showed up at her home in response to the profiles.
Prosecutors allege Lin sent threatening messages to the victim, her family, friends and other associates, encouraging the victim to kill herself and threatening to rape and/or kill her and her friends. One time, he allegedly "pounded on her bedroom door at 3 a.m., then went to her bedroom, where she was sleeping, screaming at her."
Lin is accused of also harassing a client for whom the victim was pet sitting, claiming to be her and that she had killed the pet, which had panicked the pet owner and led to the pet owner calling police, who confronted the victim.
Authorities also allege that Lin was behind dozens of threats to bomb or shoot up schools and daycare centers in Waltham and Chelmsford. And he pinned those crimes on the woman he was cyberstalking using fake social media profiles.
"Mr. Lin allegedly carried out a relentless cyberstalking campaign against a young woman in a chilling effort to violate her privacy and threaten those around her," Weinreb said. "While using anonymizing services and other online tools to avoid attribution, Mr. Lin harassed the victim, her family, friends, co-workers and roommates, and then targeted local schools and institutions in her community. Mr. Lin will now face the consequences of his crimes."
The investigation was carried out by Waltham detectives and FBI investigators in cooperation with the Waltham School District.
"Those who think they can use the Internet to terrorize people and hide behind the anonymity of the net and outwit law enforcement should think again," said acting Assistant Attorney General Kenneth A. Blanco of the Justice Department's Criminal Division. "The Department of Justice will be relentless in its efforts to identify, arrest, prosecute, and punish the perpetrators of these horrendous acts and seek justice on behalf of their victims."
Harold H. Shaw, Special Agent in Charge of the FBI's Boston Field Division, said this kind of behavior is disruptive and causes an unnecessary drain on police resources.
Watch Live Official: No Clear Motive Yet in Vegas Shooting
"This kind of behavior is not a prank, and it isn't harmless," Shaw said. "He allegedly scared innocent people, and disrupted their daily lives because he was blinded by his obsession. No one should feel unsafe in their own home, school, or workplace, and the FBI and our law enforcement partners hope today's arrest will deter others from engaging in similar criminal conduct."
In a joint statement, Waltham's mayor, public schools' superintendent and police chief thanked the various agencies involved in the investigation and the community "for their patience and understanding during this difficult time."
In court Friday, the prosecution argued there was reason to hold Lin because of concerns Lin could make more online threats. The prosecution also said he posed a flight risk, as he holds a Chinese passport.
Lin is being held without bail pending a detention hearing scheduled for Wednesday.
He faces up to five years in prison and three years of supervised release.
Asked how Lin is holding up, his lawyer Francis Doran, said, "About as well as a young man can in these circumstances.'
Warning: Testimony contained in the affidavit below may be too graphic for some readers.
University is taking action regarding ads appearing on Breitbart
The University of Oregon received complaints this week from campus community members regarding the university's advertisement on Breitbart.com, the alt-right news site. Breitbart News emerged as President Donald Trump's media support during the 2016 election season.
Last week citizens of Eugene brought to attention an advertisement on Breitbart that displayed a UO Strategic Communications Master's Program. The advertisement was attached to an article slandering women and why they should not strive for a mathematics or science degree.
The article, “Here's Why There Ought To Be A Cap on Women Studying Science and Maths” discussed what current female mathematics and science degree holders appear to be.
“Even women who graduate with good degrees in science subjects often don't use them: they switch careers in their twenties, abandoning the hard sciences,” said Milo Yiannopoulos, senior editor for Breitbart News.
Yiannopoulos, a British journalist, is at the forefront of this article published in July 2015.
The university's advertisement caught the eyes of many affiliated with the university. Various alumni across the country chimed in via Twitter to share their thoughts.
“They tweeted me, in response to my tweet expressing dismay, that they were sorry and that it was just an algorithm,” said Janet Johnson, a University of Oregon Law School alumna. “However, I know many companies have managed to stop their ads from appearing on Breitbart.”
The university acknowledged the issue on Twitter and is intending to take action.
The university has deemed this a third-party algorithm issue. In other words, they were not aware the ad was on Breitbart.
Johnson, like many others, has demanded change, threatening to no longer support the university financially until the issue is solved.
“I would first make sure they understand the horror of seeing my alma mater not only advertising on a Breitbart story, but that the story being about why women should not become scientists made alumni like me feel horror and shame,” said Johnson.
This university has done much to practice diversity and create a safe campus for all to feel welcome. However some in the community feel the advertisement set the university back, as many continued to share their frustration, including Johnson.
“I'd want their assurance that it will never happen again. That one ad undid years and years of reputation building by UO,” she said. “It was heartbreaking.”
Comments
Select a page Home News Categories — Breaking News — News Headlines — Politics — Sports News Programmes Audio Archive — Audio Archive — Interviews Advertising Freedom on Facebook Twitter About Us — Brief, Vision, Mission — Board of Directors — Editorial Board — Management — Testimonials
By SUU ATHLETICS STRATEGIC COMMUNICATION
CEDAR CITY– After coming out strong and winning the first set, the Thunderbirds dropped to next three sets against the Idaho Vandals. MaCail Evans and Macky Fifita were the driving forces for the team, each of them hitting double digits kills for the match.
This was the inaugural match played in the newly named America First Event Center.
Southern Utah came out with some fierce play to begin the match. Although the Vandals jumped ahead to a 6-1 lead, the Thunderbirds fought back to close the gap. With the score tied at 21-21. Fifita came through in the clutch with two kills in the next four points and Southern Utah went on a 4-0 run to win the set.
Going into the second set, the momentum began to shift. Idaho pulled ahead to a 17-10 lead. Despite 11 digs each for Fifita and Alexis Averett, it wasn't enough to retake control of the set. The Vandals won the second set 25-22.
In the third set, Idaho started to take control. Outside hitter, Kaela Straw, put up a strong performance with 22 kills and a .312 hitting percentage. Also, an 11-0 run by the Vandals in the set was simply too much to overcome, and Idaho won the second set 25-13.
After the Vandals jumped ahead to an early 11-4 lead, it looked as if the fourth set might mirror the third. However, Southern Utah had different plans. They battled back to even things up at 17-17. A couple kills from outside hitter, Sarah Sharp, ended the run though and helped propel the Vandals forward. Idaho won the final set 25-22.
Evans was once again the standout player for Southern Utah. She hit 13 kills on the match with a .306 hitting percentage. Miranda Canez also had a solid performance. She hit six kills with zero errors.
Southern Utah will take the court again later this week at home on Saturday at 11:30 a.m. MT in the America First Event Center. They will be competing against the Eagles of Eastern Washington.
A live stream of Saturday's match will be on PlutoTV. An app can be downloaded to access PlutoTV programming, or you can visit pluto.tv/watch . All Thunderbird home programming will be available on channel 236.
In an official statement released by Sonali Bendre Behl, the actress says she has been diagnosed with high-grade cancer and she is currently undergoing treatment in New York.
He statement reads, "Sometimes, when you least expect it, life throws you a curveball. I have recently been diagnosed with a high grade cancer that has metastised, which we frankly did not see coming. A niggling pain led to some tests, which led to this unexpected diagnosis. My family and close friends have rallied around me, providing the best support system that anyone can ask for. I am very blessed and thankful for each of them."
"There is no better way to tackle this, than to take swift and immediate action. And so, as advised by my doctors, I am currently undergoing a course of treatment in New York. We remain optimistic and I am determined to fight every step of the way. What has helped has been the immense outpouring of love and support I've received over the past few days, for which I am very grateful."
"I'm taking this battle head on, knowing I have the strength of my family and friends behind me."
We hope Sonali Bendre recovers soon!
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
THE Great Barrier Reef could be hit with catastrophic bleaching every two years unless more is done to limit climate change.
A new report from the Climate Council reveals coral bleaching is now happening on average every six years, compared to once every 27 years back in the 1980s.
Based on current rising greenhouse gas levels, bleaching will happen every two years by 2034.
In the report released today Lethal Consequences: Climate Change Impacts on the Great Barrier Reef, the Climate Council says the current rate of bleaching is not sustainable because it will continuously set back recovery of the reef.
At the same time, the reef will also need to deal with other threats caused by climate change - such as ocean acidification and tropical cyclones.
The report found average coral cover in the northern section of the reef is at its lowest point on record, and coral cover in the central section of the reef declined from 22 per cent in
2016 to 14 per cent in 2018, largely due to the 2017 bleaching event.
It said the damage to the reef may be irreversible and it has already resulted in a drop in the diversity of fish species and in the number of juvenile fish settling on the reef.
Underwater vision of bleaching on the Great Barrier Reef, off Port Douglas taken on June 28, 2018. Source: Climate Council.
The damage could be irreversible. Source: Climate Council.
"Intensifying marine heatwaves around the world are now occurring more often, lasting longer and are more intense than ever before," Climate Councillor and ecologist Professor Lesley Hughes said.
Professor Hughes said the bleaching events in 2016 and 2017 resulted in mass coral mortality, with the 2016 bleaching event at least 175 times more likely to occur due to intensifying climate change.
"Unless drastic action is taken, extreme coral bleaching will be the new normal by the 2030s. We will see extreme ocean temperatures, similar to those that led to these bleaching events possibly occurring every two years, which will effectively sign the death certificate for the world's largest natural living wonder that is the Great Barrier Reef," she said.
The report makes clear that doing things like improving water quality are not the solution.
It says that unless "deep cuts in greenhouse gas emissions are made as a matter of urgency - the reef stands little chance no matter what measures are taken to enhance its resilience".
In particular, global warming must be limited to 1.5 degrees above pre-industrial levels.
"A 2C rise in average global temperature will almost certainly mean the collapse of warm water tropical reefs around the world," the report states.
"The decisions and actions that we take today to reduce greenhouse pollution will have a critical effect on the long-term survival of the iconic Great Barrier Reef."
Climate Council acting chief executive officer Dr Martin Rice said the future of coral reefs around the world depended on nations including Australia doing their part to tackle climate change.
"This report shows that the Great Barrier Reef may never fully recover or return to its pre-bleaching state, which should serve as a serious warning signal for governments around the world to act now," he said.
"We all have a part to play in cutting greenhouse gas pollution levels in order to protect these natural wonders. The only thing standing in the way is political will."
The report comes as former prime minister Tony Abbott calls for Australia to back away from its internationally binding climate targets.
In a speech to the Australian Environment Foundation on Tuesday night, Mr Abbott said he would never have signed on to the Paris Agreement in 2015 if the United States did not also agree - the country has now walked away from the agreement under the new leadership of President Donald Trump.
But Mr Abbott has found little support for pulling out of the agreement.
Minister for Energy and the Environment Josh Frydenberg and Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull have been trying to gain support for the government's National Energy Guarantee. Picture: Mick Tsikas/AAP
Deputy leader Julie Bishop batted down Mr Abbott's suggestion Australia was never meant to be bound by the target to reduce emissions by 26 to 28 per cent reduction on 2005 levels.
Ms Bishop, who was also Mr Abbott's deputy, said Australia intended to be accountable for the targets, which were a commitment and not an aspiration.
"Australia plays by the rules - if we sign an agreement we stick to the agreement," she said.
She said the targets were agreed by the prime minister, the cabinet and the party room.
But the Turnbull Government is still divided on its National Energy Guarantee (NEG) proposal, which would legislate the commitment and help Australia achieve its targets.
Mr Abbott's comments have been stirring discontent about the guarantee and he claims there's "no plausible evidence" the government's energy policy can address reliability, price and emissions reductions altogether.
However, Mr Turnbull said there was "almost universal support across the country" for the plan, including from the minerals industry, manufacturers and unions.
"Our policies are working and the NEG is a very big part of it - it will ensure Australians have reliable and more affordable power," he told reporters.
Mr Abbott is one of a handful of coalition MPs pushing for new coal-fired power plants.
Opposition to the NGE exists not just in the Liberals but also within the Nationals.
Some minor-party MPs are reportedly passing around a list of demands for changes to the guarantee, including a $5 billion fund to support assistance for coal, gas or traditional hydro projects that could deliver electricity around the clock, regardless of the weather.
The Australian, which obtained a copy of the document, says it's being promoted as a "genuine and serious policy position".
Backbencher Michelle Landry says more negotiation is needed and coal must be a part of the guarantee but Nationals minister David Littleproud told ABC he was comfortable with the NEG.
REEF REPORT KEY FINDINGS
• About 30 per cent of corals on the Great Barrier Reef died as a result of the 2016 event.
• 75 per cent of coral mortality occurred in the northern section of the Great Barrier Reef, where 93 per cent of individual reefs between Port Douglas and the Torres Strait were affected.
• Fast-growing corals such as staghorns and tabular species have suffered a "catastrophic die-off".
• Coral mortality has reduced the availability of habitat for fish, leading to a decline in reef fish diversity. Juvenile fish at Lizard Island, for example, have suffered a 40 per cent decrease in settlement.
• Global sea surface temperatures have increased by over 0.2C from 1992 to 2010, increasing the odds of more frequent and prolonged marine heatwaves.
• The return period for global bleaching events has decreased from 27 years in the 1980s to only 5.9 years now.
• The likelihood that the Great Barrier Reef will ever fully recover or return to their pre-bleaching state is low.
• There is little evidence that improving water quality can sufficiently reduce susceptibility of corals to bleaching from marine heatwaves.
© CAPA
In keeping with the spirit of the day CAPA has lifted a selection of Valentines Day aviation commercials and information pieces. Some are light, others more directly commercially focussed, but always there is a hint of the national character in the way the organisations approach the subject.
Wherever you are and whatever your romantic inclination, try to forget that it's all really about selling greetings cards and get in the spirit of love in the air.
CAPA wishes all lovers a rosy future.
Gain access to global coverage from local journalists on the ground in 50+ countries working around the clock to break news, analyze, spot risks and opportunities.
Join over 300,000 Finance professionals who already subscribe to the FT.
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach Pause
1:36 2016's worst red-light runners
1:40 A look back at SLO startup Shopatron, as Kibo announces local layoffs
1:24 Gun dealer describes confusion, complexity in California's new gun laws
1:07 California still working on getting young voters to cast ballots
2:48 Former Sacramento sex worker talks about life on the street
1:28 California Republicans get sweaty for dog safety
0:31 Powerful message about texting while driving
0:51 Jerry Brown: Raising minimum wage moral, though 'may not make sense'
Boxing champion, Joshua to tour Nigeria in August
Daily Trust
World Boxing heavyweight champion, Anthony Joshua is set to visit Nigeria on a three-day tour in August, 2017. The organiser of the three-day tour and Director of Peel Aston Global, Khomeini Bukhari, said in a statement on Wednesday that arrangements …
and more »
"Jose was good again," Marlins manager Don Mattingly said. "It looked like that two might hold up."
Urena got just two runs on Starlin Castro's homer before departing after six innings following a strong performance. He surrendered a run, three hits and two walks. He struck out six in a 93-pitch effort.
Reliever Drew Steckenrider gave up a two-out double to Manuel Margot in the seventh but got pinch-hitter Jose Pirela looking on a 95-mph fastball to strand the tying run.
Clayton Richard had won two of his last three starts and was relying on his slider in inducing the Marlins into harmlessly pounding the ball into 14 groundouts. The left-hander exited after seven innings of two-run ball. He allowed four hits and a walk, with five strikeouts.
"I kept us close and the defence really played well," Richard said.
Richard wiggled out of a jam after hitting Lewis Brinson to start the fifth and allowing JT Riddle's single.
But when Urena tried to sacrifice, catcher Raffy Lopez made a fine play, pouncing on Urena's bunt and retiring Brinson at third to change the inning. With two outs, Realmuto walked to load the bases but Richard got Castro on a grounder to end the threat.
Franmil Reyes continued his hot streak with his third home run in three days, pulling the Padres to 2-1 in the fourth inning. The rookie right fielder took a high fastball the opposite way, his fourth homer in six games clanging off the right-field foul pole. Urena had sat down eight straight before Reyes' blast.
Reyes had studied Urena and how he liked to pound the inside and then go back outside. When he did it in Reyes' second at-bat, he paid the price.
"It was the pitch I was looking for and I put a good swing on it," Reyes said.
Richard retired the first 10 batters he faced. Then Realmuto singled up the middle and Castro hit his third home run of the season, a two-run, fourth-inning shot that landed 423 feet away in the Padres' bullpen over the fence in left-centre.
"I was not trying to throw a fastball down the middle of the plate," Richard said. "And that's what happened."
TRAINER'S ROOM
Padres: C Austin Hedges (elbow) will resume his throwing program on Thursday.
UP NEXT
Marlins: LHP Wei-Yin Chen (1-2, 5.22) gets the nod for the final contest of the four-game series on Thursday with his second career start against the Padres. He beat San Diego in 2016, allowing four runs and seven hits over six innings.
Padres: RHP Jordan Lyles (1-1, 3.83) makes his fifth start of the season, which matches his total from the previous two years. He worked the second-longest perfect game in Padres history on May 15, blanking the Rockies for 7 1/3 innings.
By Jay Paris, The Associated Press
Small businesses are seeing overall job losses for the first time this year, but the news is not all bad.
September 2017 ADP Small Business Report
According to the September 2017 ADP Small Business Report small businesses lost 7,000 jobs overall last month.
This is the first month this year that ADP (NASDAQ:ADP) is reporting job losses rather than large job gains at small businesses. In August, the same report showed small businesses adding 48,000 jobs to the economy. In July, they added 50,000.
Big losses among the smallest of small businesses — those with 19 or fewer employees — are responsible for the sudden decline in job growth among small business this year.
Those companies lost 11,000 jobs over the last month.
But that is not the whole story.
Companies with between 20 and 49 employees actually added 4,000 jobs.
The report also breaks down the job losses and gains by the type of small business. The numbers over the last month may signal a shift in the national economy and explain the sudden albeit slight dip.
Small businesses that are goods producers, like manufacturers, added 15,000 jobs over the last month. Very small goods-producing businesses also added 8,000 jobs while slightly bigger companies in that same sector added 7,000 jobs.
However, service-based small businesses lost a considerable amount of jobs since August, 22,000 in all. That was led by losses among the smallest of those companies, which lost 19,000 of the total.
The overall loss in small business jobs actually goes against the national trend. In its National Employment Report, ADP says 135,000 jobs were added to the economy.
September 2017 ADP Franchise Report
While small businesses saw a loss in jobs, franchise businesses added 14,000 jobs over the last month. In August, 21,200 jobs were added by franchise businesses. Job growth was even higher among these companies in July.
Restaurants and auto parts stores and auto dealers fueled job growth most among franchise businesses last month. Restaurants added 7,900 jobs while auto franchises added 4,600. Food retail franchises also saw gains, adding 400 jobs. Meanwhile, franchises in accommodations lost 300 jobs.
Prithviraj has some big and prestigious projects in his kitty and one among This is the upcoming period movie Kaaliyan, the official announcement of which was made a few months ago. It was announced that the big budget venture will be directed by S Mahesh and will have its script penned by BT Anil Kumar. The movie also will pave way for the entry of popular music director Shankar-Ehsaan-Loy to the Malayalam film industry.
Meanwhile, Prithviraj is busy with the works of his other upcoming ventures. The audiences have been eager to know about the commencement of shoot of Kaaliyan. Now, certain updates have been doing the rounds regarding the same on the social media.
According to the reports, Rajeev Nair, the producer of Kaaliyan had met Prithviraj in the sets of the actor's upcoming film 9. The photos of the same have been doing the rounds on social media. According to a Facebook post send out by POFFACTIO, the producer was there to discuss about the pre-production works of Kaaliyan and the team is expected to begin the shoot by the second half of 2019.
The Facebook post by POOFACTIO is read as "#Kaaliyan producer Rajeev Nair (Magic Moon Productions) with Prithviraj Sukumaran at 9 - Movie location Manali, for discussion on pre-production updates and shooting schedules.. We are expecting to start on second half of 2019! Need your prayers and support for the upcoming audition and pre-production works.. Thank you..(sic)
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Prime Minister Theresa May has told BirminghamLive that the quickest way to end child poverty in the city is to get more people into work.
She was talking as she visited Aston to launch a new initiative to tackle youth unemployment - particularly among the UK's black and minority ethnic population.
Mrs May was given a tour of the Street League project which uses sport to help youngsters develop job skills.
It is based at the People Plus centre and Power League grounds in Aston - both near the boundary between the Ladywood and Hodge Hill constituencies which have some of the highest child poverty rates in the country.
In Ladywood 53 per cent and in Hodge Hill 51 per cent of children live in poverty and they placed second and fourth on the national list. While Hall Green is sixth with 48 per cent.
The charities who are part of the End Child Poverty coalition have blamed rising prices coupled with austerity and benefit cuts for plunging more households into poverty.
(Image: Birmingham Mail)
But Mrs May insists that her Government is helping when questioned about the issue by BirminghamLive.
She: "I recognise that some people do feel under pressure, that's why our Government's made a number of moves to help people with the cost of living.
"We're introducing the legislation on the energy price cap, we're freezing fuel duty, as well. And of course in a few weeks when the national living wage goes up again and the personal allowance is raised then people will see they have some more money in their pockets at the end of the month.
"But we know if we look at the issue of child poverty then one of the key things is to ensure that households have work.
"If children are in a workless household they are much more likely to be in poverty. Helping people into employment is a key element of helping to deal with the issue of child poverty.
"Important initiatives, like the one we are taking today, to reduce the barriers that people find getting into employment is important."
(Image: Birmingham Mail)
The Government has unveiled a £90 million fund to help young people, particularly those from deprived and BAME backgrounds find jobs.
Ms May also praised West Midlands Mayor Andy Street who pledged to end unemployment among 18-24-year-olds by 2020 .
And Ms May denied that the wider introduction of Universal Credit benefits in April will add to the problems of child poverty in the region.
"The reason we introduced Universal Credit is that it is a simpler benefit than the previous system and one which does actively help to keep people into work and make sure that work pays."
She said that they have learned from Universal Credit pilot schemes where there a number of problems - particularly hold ups in payments as people moved from the old benefit system to the new one.
"We've listened to people as we've rolled out the programme and we've made a number of changes to the way in which Universal Credit is done. "So that if people are getting into difficulties are now able to get 100 per cent advance and pay that back over 12 months to help. It's about helping people get into work and making sure work pays."
Updated 10.45pm
THE VATICAN HAS barred former President of Ireland Mary McAleese from taking part in an International Women's Day conference which was due to take place in the Holy See.
The list of speakers at the event required approval from a cardinal. However, McAleese and a Ugandan LGBT advocate were not granted permission to participate.
The event was organised by the Voices of Faith group, which is seeking to “empower and advocate for Catholic women to have a seat at the table of decision making in the Catholic Church”.
The inclusion of McAleese and advocate Ssenfuka Joanita Warry on the speaker panel was opposed by Cardinal Kevin Farrell, prefect of the Dicastery for the Laity, Family and Life.
In a statement released tonight, the Association of Catholic Priests criticised both the decision to prevent McAleese from attending the conference and the removal of pictures of same-sex couples from World Meeting of Families (WMOF) booklets circulated to Irish parishes.
“While it is unclear by whose direction the booklet was amended, it runs directly counter to the effort to extend the definition of family to include same-sex couples and to welcome them, as all Catholics are welcomed, to participate in the WMOF,” the statement said.
While both decisions are clearly part of the fallout from the present struggle in our Church ­between those who support the reform programme of Pope Francis and those who seek to block it, it is unacceptable that individuals and associations can exert such undue influence and be allowed to do so much damage.
“Our Church is paying a high price in pandering to such extremes. In our efforts to reform the Church, we simply cannot afford such mixed signals,” the statement continued.
The WMOF is due to take place in Dublin later this year.
LGBT rights
McAleese has been a longtime supporter of LGBT rights. Her son Justin McAleese, who is gay, was a high-profile campaigner during the 2015 same-sex marriage referendum.
While she is a devout Catholic, she has often spoken publicly about frustrations with the Church over its stringent views on LGBT people.
Warry is a Catholic woman who runs a non-profit LGBT organisation in Uganda, where same-sex relations are punishable by life in prison.
Voices of Faith has made the decision not to host this year's event in the Vatican anymore, and it has now been moved to the Aula of the Jesuit Curia in Rome. McAleese and Warry are still on the event's speaker listing on its website.
Chantal Goetz, executive director of Voices of Faith, said that she was disappointed in Cardinal Farrell's decision to oppose some of the speakers.
“It was disappointing to realise that on International Women's Day of all days, these women who have accomplished so much in their communities could be turned away from respectfully sharing their stories and experiences as Catholics,” Goetz said.
This event allows us to not only celebrate the wonderful work Catholic women are doing across the globe but also create discussion and dialogue on the current power and leadership structures of our Church today.
In a statement, Dublin Archbishop Diarmuid Martin said he only heard about McAleese's barring from the former president herself.
The statement reads: “Neither Archbishop Martin nor his offices were consulted by the Vatican in relation to this matter.
Archbishop Martin has consistently noted that the WMOF will be an inclusive event, open to all families and family members.
Deborah Rose-Milavec, a spokeswoman for Voices of Faith told RTÉ News that the group has not been given any reason for the decision.
“We are just saying it's a tragic decision and we are shocked by it. We believe that every year we bring the best and the brightest in terms of Catholic women to the table and we believe their voices should be heard,” she said.
With reporting by Órla Ryan
OAKLAND, Calif. — Well, there's always Game 2 for the Warriors' Andre Iguodala.
And still maybe Game 1 for the Cavaliers Kevin Love.
On the eve of the start of their attempt to win a repeat championship and a third in four years — all against the Cavaliers — the Warriors announced Wednesday that Iguodala, the 2015 Finals MVP, will miss Game 1 then be re-evaluated before Game 2 because of a bruised left leg. Iguodala is making progress but is still plagued by pain from the bone bruise and nerve inflammation around his knee.
“Just trying to get back as soon as possible so just keep grinding away at the process,” said Iguodala, who claimed he expects to return — “not that far away” — during the series. “Just trying to figure out how to move in general. Making some progress. It's slower than we expected.”
Iguodala, one of Golden State's best defenders who would figure to get a lot of LeBron James on his plate, missed the last four games of the Western Conference finals victory over Houston.
And the other key injured player in the series, Love, was excused from Wednesday's media availability session as he remains in the NBA's concussion protocol. Love missed Game 7 of the Eastern Conference finals win over Boston after he collided in Game 6 with the Celtics' Jayson Tatum. His status remains undecided for the Finals start, but coach Tyronn Lue was hopeful the forward would be ready.
“I hope so. I'm still not sure,” Lue said Wednesday at Oracle Arena. “He's going to go do some things today and see how he feels. But he is in the protocol still, so we'll see how he feels.”
Cavaliers guard J.R. Smith repeatedly stressed his respect for the Warriors. He was asked if he were surprised the champs rallied from 3-2 down and beat the Rockets on the road in Game 7.
“Anybody tells you they were surprised by that, they're lying. Ain't no way,” Smith said. “If anything, I was surprised it got to that point with them.”
The Cavs' Jeff Green had gratitude as his prime theme Wednesday. Sure, he's grateful to be in the Finals. He's also grateful to be alive. Six years ago, he underwent heart surgery.
“When I had to go through the surgery, I always sat around and tried to figure out why, what was the reason,” Green said. “So I had to figure out the ‘why? What was God's plan?' This is it, to spread my story.”
The Warriors' Nick Young begged off the Twitter controversy surrounding 76ers GM Bryan Colangelo. The exec was accused of using “burner” accounts to criticize his players, among others.
“No comment,” Young said laughing. “No burner account. I just get hacked a lot.”
There was a lot of talk about LeBron James' basketball IQ. Someone said he was the “Mount Everest” of NBA players for IQ. But Draymond Green also is considered a cerebral player, so Warriors coach Steve Kerr had a little fun with that notion.
“Draymond's is more like Mt. Fuji, I would say,” Kerr said laughing. “Just trying to give you something to work with. Draymond is an incredibly sharp basketball mind. He sees the game as it happens, before it happens, even. He's kind of a move or two ahead of everybody on the defensive end. It's amazing to have him out there.”
Said Green, “I've just been blessed to have great coaches in my life and be blessed with a gift from God.”
Brass bands played, cheerleaders cheered and a new queen was crowned during this year's late May bank holiday.
At the tallest maypole in Britain, in Wellow, a new May Queen was crowned during the celebrations.
The event at the Maypole Green on Eakring Road welcomed new queen Isabel Leatt, aged 13, from Wellow, and her six maids of honour and saw maypole dancing by children entertaining the crowds.
Janet Carr, from the Wellow Maypole Committee which organises the event, said: “It was brilliant. We were blessed with the weather and several people commented on the lovely atmosphere.
“The children did a splendid job, especially because it was so hot by the time they were dancing.”
Isabel also handed retiring queen Imogen Cove, 14, from Ollerton a crown of forget-me-nots asking her “not to forget the village that once crowned her Queen” as part of a tradition.
During the day there was also sheepdog displays, live music and Scottish country dancing.
On Sunday, May 27 there was a free brass band concert at Carr Bank Park in Mansfield.
Pleasley Colliery Welfare Band entertained people picnicking in the park for two hours at the Mansfield District Council-organised event.
The next free concert on is on Sunday, June 24, at the same park, when. Kirkby Brass Band will be playing.
Girls aged five to 15 from Mansfield based All Saints Allstars Cheerleaders kicked off the weekend's events by hosting a family fun day to raise money for them to travel to competitions and buy costumes.
Held at the William IV pub on Sutton Road, Mansfield, the girls also gave a performance. There was also live music, a barbecue, fairground rides, face painting and a cake sale.
A U.S. Air Force F-16 fighter jet, bottom, lands at the Osan U.S. Air Base in Pyeongtaek, South Korea, Tuesday, March 20, 2018. At a potentially pivotal moment of diplomacy with North Korea, the Pentagon said Monday that annual U.S.-South Korean military exercises that had been postponed for the Pyeongchang Winter Olympics will begin April 1. Yonhap via AP Hong Gi-won
MANCHESTER, N.H. (AP) — President Donald Trump said Monday the nation "must get tough" with drug dealers, which includes utilizing the death penalty.
Trump unveiled his plan to combat the nation's deadly opioid addiction during a speech in Manchester, New Hampshire, a state ravaged by the drug.
Trump said "failure is not an option" and vowed that "addiction is not our future."
He vowed to help create "a generation of drug-free children." And he complained that, under the current law, a dealer could sell a drug that could kill hundreds but only receive a short prison sentence.
The president also declared the need for a nationwide public relations effort to convince Americans, and particularly children, to not start using drugs.
He announced a new website — crisisnextdoor.gov — that warns of the dangers of opioids, including fentanyl. He also called for broadcasting "great commercials" during "the right shows" that demonstrate to children "how bad" drugs are.
Trump said tougher borders were needed to prevent the flow of drugs to the United States. He told the New Hampshire audience that the nation needed a stronger southern border and a crackdown on sanctuary cities — including nearby Lawrence, Massachusetts — that he said supply drugs the nation's heartland.
This is Trump's first visit as president to New Hampshire. His victory there in the 2016 Republican primary helped propel him to the nomination, though he lost the state narrowly in the general election to Hillary Clinton.
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: BP opts out of Iran deals ahead of Trump hard line on Tehran
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Drew Angerer/Getty Images(NEW YORK) — President Trump is set to spend his first night at his Manhattan penthouse since becoming president.
Trump is making his return visit Monday night in the midst of what his administration has called a “working vacation” away from the White House, which is undergoing renovations. The president has been staying at his New Jersey home for over a week.
While this may be the president's first visit back to his Fifth Avenue skyscraper, it is hardly the first time he has retreated from 1600 Pennsylvania Ave to one of his Trump properties. The president has already made a dozen trips to his Mar-a-Lago estate in Florida and his home in New Jersey since assuming the presidency.
Trump has previously referenced the costs associated with presidential protection as one of the reasons he has opted to return to his New Jersey estate rather than Trump Tower.
The New York Police Department said in February that it costs up to $308,000 a day to protect Trump Tower when the president is in town.
Prior to becoming president, Trump repeatedly criticized his predecessor, Barack Obama, for taxpayer-related expenses for his vacations.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
“I felt like I was being distracted because there were so many machines, and I was like, ‘Oh, I've got to go to this machine next, and this one, and this one,'” Bonomo tells Better. “You have to wait for machines when there's people using them and it just kind of interrupts your workout.”
In March, the Canadian started taking her dog on long hikes in a forest near her home. The excursions rekindled the love she had for nature as a child, she says, and also burned a lot of calories.
“I'd go for a hike and look at my Fitbit like, ‘Wow, I just burned like 400 calories on that 45-minute hike,'” she recalls.
She also enjoyed it.
“Instead of focusing on time and how hard I was working, I was working hard and enjoying myself while doing it, because I was in an environment that I felt comfortable in and somewhere I actually wanted to be,” she explained.
Then it occurred to her: “Why am I paying for a gym membership, dreading going to the gym when I can literally just step outside and go for a walk in the neighborhood?”
Hitting the trails
Bonomo began going for hikes on her lunch breaks. She says the parks near her job in Toronto had plenty of trails to explore. During the hikes, she would run for short, 30-second intervals. As she got used to it, she started running for longer durations.
“When you run outside — run in the forest — you're in different terrain,” Bonomo explains. “Having those different elevations, getting your heart rate up, getting it down when you're going down the hill, having those different terrains and having those difficulty levels keep switching was actually having me burn more calories than me going to the gym.”
“I remember running and feeling great and being like, ‘Wow, this is something I can do,' and coming back to work and feeling so attentive. A new clarity came over me,” she says.
She says running outside gave her a new sense of accomplishment.
“I find it's more of a motivation to be on an actual hill and run to the top of it rather than picturing a hill, putting your treadmill up to and incline of 8 or whatever and running for however long and bringing it back down,” she says.
Getting strong without the gym
Bonomo says she goes trail running three to four days a week, and does yoga and strength training on days when she doesn't run.
“I do all my workouts at home,” she says.
She does yoga in her backyard on weekends, she says, and follows strength training programs she finds online.
While Bonomo eats healthy for the most part and even meal preps, she doesn't follow a strict diet.
“Fridays are my cheat days,” she says.
Focus on lifestyle changes
The Canadian says she lost about 40 pounds since March. She attributes her success to making healthier lifestyle changes, rather than focusing on losing weight.
“It was only when I started to lose weight for the right reasons that it actually started to work,” says Bonomo.
She says the feeling of accomplishment from losing the weight is about “so much more than your dress size.”
“It's honestly this confidence in you that you sought out to do something and you were able to accomplish it,” Bonomo says. “So it feels magnificent.”
The benefits of taking your workout outside
Trade the treadmill for the trail: Taking your workout outdoors has some major benefits. Running or hiking on terrain as opposed to a treadmill, for example, offers new challenges, works different muscle groups and gives you a sense that you are going somewhere.
Find creative ways to get moving: You can get a great workout in your own backyard. YouTube and online blogs offer plenty of programs for yoga and strength training.
Start with just getting outdoors: A simple lifestyle change like getting outside more often can change your habits and help you get fit. Start with a walk around your neighborhood or a hike at a nearby nature preserve, and see where it takes you.
Want more tips like these? NBC News BETTER is obsessed with finding easier, healthier and smarter ways to live. Sign up for our newsletter and follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
3:05 Welcoming the New Year with an Idaho spud Pause
4:36 'I am here to save democracy...'
3:56 What's JUMP all about in Downtown Boise?
4:48 A sneak peek at Esther Simplot Park
1:46 White Dog Brewing Co. prepares to open in Boise
2:24 Murky future of health care in Idaho, nation
1:46 Animation of the solar eclipse path through Idaho
0:25 Karan Tucker on Boise nonprofit Jannus
0:35 Tamarack torchlight parade welcomes the new year
All Progressives Congress (APC) leaders have launched a peace move to change the frosty relationship between the Executive and the National Assembly. Lawmakers are threatening to override President Muhammadu Buhari's veto on the Electoral Act amendme...
3 hurt when bomb strapped to man explodes in New York subway
hello
Police block off a sidewalk Monday while responding to a report of an explosion near Times Square in New York. Associated Press
A police officer stands guard Monday in front of Port Authority Bus Terminal as law enforcement respond to a report of an explosion near Times Square in New York. Associated Press
New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo speaks to members of the media Monday after a pipe bomb strapped to a man went off in a New York City subway near Times Square in New York. Mayor Bill de Blasio stands fourth from left. Associated Press
Police secure Eighth Avenue outside the Port Authority Bus Terminal following an explosion Monday near New York's Times Square. Associated Press
Attending a news conference Monday outside the Port Authority Bus Terminal are, from left, John Miller, deputy commissioner with the NYPD, Mayor Bill de Blasio, Gov. Andrew Cuomo, Fire Commissioner Daniel Nigro and Police Commissioner James O'Neill. Associated Press
New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo, left, talks to Mayor Bill de Blasio Monday at a news conference outside the Port Authority Bus Terminal in New York. Associated Press
New York City Police Commissioner James O'Neill holds a news conference Monday outside the Port Authority Bus Terminal with Mayor Bill de Blasio, left, and Gov. Andrew Cuomo in New York. Associated Press
New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo, center, and Mayor Bill de Blasio arrive on Monday for a news conference outside the Port Authority Bus Terminal in New York. Police Commissioner James O'Neill is at left. Associated Press
Police respond to a report of an explosion Monday near Times Square in New York. Associated Press
Police stand guard in front of Port Authority Bus Terminal Monday following an explosion near New York's Times Square. Police said a man with a pipe bomb strapped to him set off the crude device in an underground passageway under 42nd Street between Seventh and Eighth Avenues. Associated Press
NEW YORK -- A man inspired by the Islamic State group set off a crude pipe bomb strapped to his body Monday in a crowded subway corridor near Times Square, injuring the man, slightly wounding three others and snarling the rush-hour commute for hundreds of thousands of New York workers.
Surveillance cameras captured the man walking casually through the crowded passageway when the bomb went off at 7:20 a.m. amid a plume of white smoke, which cleared to show the man sprawled on the ground and commuters fleeing in terror. Investigators said it was not clear if he set the bomb off intentionally or prematurely.
"This was an attempted terrorist attack," Mayor Bill de Blasio told reporters. "Thank God the perpetrator did not achieve his ultimate goals."
The suspect, who was identified as 27-year-old Akayed Ullah, was being treated at a hospital for burns to his hands and abdomen. The others who were injured suffered ringing in the ears and headaches.
Law enforcement officials said Ullah was inspired by the Islamic State group but had apparently not had any direct contact with the group and probably acted alone.
The officials said the suspect lives in Brooklyn and came to the U.S. from Bangladesh about seven years ago. They said he was speaking with investigators from his hospital bed.
A person briefed on the investigation said Ullah came to the U.S. on an F-4 visa, a preferential visa available for those with family in the U.S. who are citizens or permanent residents, and that he made the bomb in his apartment. They spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the blast.
Investigators were searching his apartment, interviewing witnesses and relatives and looking for surveillance footage that may show his movements in the moments before the attack.
The explosion, which happened in an underground passageway under 42nd Street between 7th and 8th avenues in, triggered a massive emergency response by police and firefighters both above and below ground, tangling subway and bus service at the nearby Port Authority bus terminal.
It's the city's busiest subway station and a major transit hub, with 64 million subway riders passing through every year. In 2016, daily ridership on the subway was 5.7 million, a record high.
Everything around Times Square was shut down, halting what would ordinarily be a bustling rush hour at the "Crossroads of the World." But streets quickly began returning to normal, and traffic around the area was expected to be operational by the evening rush.
Authorities said the bomb was a low-tech explosive device attached to the man with Velcro and plastic ties. They were investigating how it was made.
Port Authority police said officers found the man injured on the ground, with wires protruding from his jacket to his pants and the device strapped to his torso under his coat. They said he was reaching for a cellphone and they grabbed his hands.
A photo published by the New York Post showed a bearded man crumpled on the ground with his shirt apparently blown off and black soot covering his bare midriff. A police officer was holding the man's hands behind his back. Another photo shown on cable channel NY1 showed the bearded suspect, wide-eyed, on a stretcher being loaded into an ambulance.
Elrana Peralta, a customer-service worker for Greyhound, said she works in the Port Authority terminal near where the blast happened but did not hear the explosion.
"All we could hear was the chaos," she said. "We could hear people yelling, 'Get out! Get out! Get out!'"
John Miles, 28, from Vermont, was waiting for a bus to Massachusetts. He did not hear the blast either, but saw police react.
"I didn't know what was going on. Officers were running around. I was freaking out," he said. There was an announcement that people should take their bags and leave. "They didn't incite panic. It was fairly orderly."
White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders tweeted that President Donald Trump had been briefed on the explosion. Instead of commenting on the suspected terror attack, Trump sent a tweet at 9:17 a.m. criticizing a Sunday story in The New York Times that said he watched cable news television for at least four hours a day.
The blast came just weeks after eight people died in New York when another man, also said to be inspired by the Islamic State, drove a rented truck onto a bike path near the World Trade Center.
Gov. Andrew Cuomo said at a news conference following the attack that New Yorkers should be alert but go about their lives.
"Let's go back to work," he said. ""We're not going to allow them to disrupt us."
------
Associated Press Writers Jake Pearson, Kiley Armstrong and Larry Neumeister in New York and Michael Balsamo in Los Angeles and researcher Rhonda Shafner contributed to this report.
------
Follow Colleen Long on Twitter at: www.twitter.com/ctlong1 .
Las Vegas police arrested Deandre McDowell on Wednesday for domestic battery by strangulation, second-degree kidnapping, arson, coercion with force or threat and various other charges, according to McDowell's arrest report.
At 12:43 p.m. on May 11, Las Vegas police received a call from the victim's sister claiming that her sister had been battered and her apartment set on fire, according to the arrest report.
The arrest report said the victim and McDowell had been together for two years, and they had been living together during that time.
The victim told police that at about 5:30 a.m. McDowell entered the apartment intoxicated and began punching her with closed fists, according to the arrest report. McDowell reportedly strangled the victim and pushed her against a shelf in the bedroom. McDowell repeatedly asked her if other men had been in the apartment.
To keep the victim from leaving the apartment, McDowell had the victim sit on the couch and kept her in place by having his legs and feet laid across her, the arrest report said. McDowell had threatened to shoot the victim with a gun if she made any attempt to leave the apartment. McDowell also threatened the victim by saying he would “get her.”
Once McDowell fell asleep, the victim managed to escape and got into her vehicle while keeping an eye on her apartment, the arrest report said. When McDowell woke up, he called the victim and asked her to come back. He also accused the victim of having another man in the car with her. When the victim didn't drive back, McDowell set the apartment on fire by turning on the electric stove and placing an unknown object on the burner. The object used to start the fire was unknown.
Firefighters responded to the scene. McDowell was not inside the apartment when officers stepped inside, the report stated.
Police said the items in the apartment were thrown around which indicated a struggle. An empty bottle of Hennessey cognac was found on the floor.
Detectives found a box of bullets but did not find a firearm, according to the arrest report.
According to police, McDowell is a felon and was previously arrested in 2009 for first-degree kidnapping, conspiracy to commit robbery, burglary with the use of a deadly weapon and burglary using a firearm. McDowell was also convicted in 2006 for attempting to steal a vehicle.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Police officer responding to a noise complaint has boxing match with teen in Mesquite, Texas. Video shows a Mesquite, Texas police officer in a boxing match with a teenager after responding to a noise complaint at an apartment complex on Monday. Mesquite Police Association ×
crossOrigin="anonymous" SHARE COPY LINK Video shows a Mesquite, Texas police officer in a boxing match with a teenager after responding to a noise complaint at an apartment complex on Monday. Mesquite Police Association
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
A San Lucas man accused of firing shots at a San Miguel home was transported to San Luis Obispo County Jail Monday to face charges of attempted murder and assault.
Members of the Sheriff's Gang Task Force transported David-Zosimo Pacheco Carrasco, 24, from Monterey County Jail, where he had been in custody on suspicion of a parole violation, according to a press release from the Sheriff's Office.
Carrasco was identified as the suspected gunman in the shooting of a house in the 1700 block of Mission Street on the night of June 5. No one was hurt, but two adults and three children were inside the home at the time, the Sheriff's Office said.
The Monterey County Sheriff's Office identified Carrasco as a potential suspect in June and arrested him on June 14 with the help of other local and state agencies on a warrant for an alleged parole violation.
Charges include attempted murder, assault with a firearm and shooting at an inhabited dwelling, with felony enhancements because the attempted murder was committed with a firearm and Carrasco has prior felony convictions. Both priors listed, which occurred in Monterey County in 2008 and 2013, were gang-related, according to the criminal complaint.
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
We test the Merida Scultura, the Cannondale SuperSix Evo and the BMC Roadmachine and find out which is the ultimate disc brake bike
The three bikes on test here represent the latest in the world of disc brake machines. We put each to the test on long climbs and even longer descents in the mountains to crown a worth champion.
With the Scultura, Merida has focussed on the descents, with larger rotors. Meanwhile, the SuperSix Evo Cannondale has done the opposite, creating a light and nimble bike.
BMC, however, took a different approach altogether – deliberately designing the bike around disc brakes. Could this edge out the competition?
Disc brake showdown: Merida Scultura
The Merida Scultura we have on test here represents the business end of Merida's disc brake bike range. Starting out at £2000 the price tops out at a wince-inducing £6500 for the model we have here.
We were big fans of the non-disc version of this bike, who's nimble frame was fast and responsive. While the disc Scultura isn't a slouch, the beefed up fork and through axles have removed some of that urgency.
However, point it downhill and it really comes alive. That super-sized fork and through axle keep the handling on the straight and narrow. Braking is excellent, too. The innovative heat sink and 160mm rotors are a great match.
>>> Best aero bike of the year 2016
Disc brake showdown: Cannondale SuperSix Evo HiMod Disc
Cannondale are renowned for their low weight bikes and the skimpy, Ultegra equipped seven and a half kilo model on test here is no different.
Cannondale stress the bike was redesigned to accommodate discs, and in that case the missing thru-axel on the rear seems like an oversight. Happily, without a brake track the rims can be lighter. As such, they compliment the frame well.
Like the Merida, its prowess shows on the descents, with assured handling and great stopping power.
>>> Best disc brake bike of the year 2016
Disc brake showdown: BMC Roadmachine 01
The BMC differs from the other two in one respect: it was designed from the ground up to accommodate disc brakes.
The Roadmachine scores high marks for versatility. Not only is the bike comfortable but neat features like lever-less through axles keep things aero.
What's more, two headset spacers let you tailor the geometry from sportive to racing. The result? The ride is beautifully poised and balanced with a solid feel. It's lively and fun, without being twitchy on the descents.
>>> Best endurance bike of the year
Disc brake showdown: The verdict
The Merida Scultura has the best braking on offer. It's innovative heat-sink technology paired with 160mm rotors slows down the pace no problem.
Meanwhile the Cannondale is the lightest bike on test and ascended at double time. It's lightweight frame meant you never felt disadvantaged like you might on the Merida.
In that case, the BMC is best all round option. Purposely designed for disc brakes, it was the most comfortable bike on test, its handling was superb and it was pretty aero, too. Ultimately, though, it was the most fun.
City Advocate Letitia James, left, wait her turn to as City Comptroller Scott Stringer address protesters at a "Peace and Sanity" rally Sunday, Aug. 13, 2017, in the Brooklyn borough of New York, during a rally about white supremacy violence in Charlottesville, Va., Bebeto Matthews AP Photo
1:24 Gun dealer describes confusion, complexity in California's new gun laws Pause
0:41 Cal Poly Rose Parade float heads to Pasadena under the cover of darkness
0:07 Timelapse video: Watch Cal Poly students decorate their 2017 Rose Parade float
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach
1:11 How the Paso Robles Police Department is using body cameras
1:36 2016's worst red-light runners
1:07 California still working on getting young voters to cast ballots
2:48 Former Sacramento sex worker talks about life on the street
1:28 California Republicans get sweaty for dog safety
Women's and Children's Alliance Executive Director Bea Black with a WCA mural along Main Street in downtown Boise. Darin Oswald/Idaho Statesman
Season 2 of Fortnite had a medieval theme which brought players the simple blue knight, Black Knight and the item shop exclusive Red Knight.
It looks like the “Like for Red Knight” tweets have finally made a wish come true.
The Fortnite Twitter account had a surprise tweet to share over the fourth of July holiday announced the Red Knight skin will be returning to the Item Shop on July 5.
Epic Games has said in the past all skins and Battle Pass items will be exclusive to the particular season which is why it's surprising to see Season 2's Red Knight return. While the Red Knight was not part of the Battle Pass itself, it was clearly created with the Season 2 theme in mind and was a pretty rare skin to see.
Coming to the Item Shop…tomorrow! 👀 pic.twitter.com/7LHg80sTKQ — Fortnite (@FortniteGame) July 4, 2018
While this does present a good opportunity for those who have missed out on the skin it will certainly upset fans who thought they had a rare skin which is now not as rare. Fortnite could be doing this to allow players who weren't a part of the increasing popular skin yet to get in on the action.
The Item Shop traditionally updates at 8 p.m. ET so players will likely be left waiting until that time tomorrow to purchase the skin. With the skin returning the shop, it isn't yet clear as to whether it will be joining the rotation of skins that pop up in the shop or if this will end up being a one-time thing.
This also opens the door for future skins to make their appearance in the Item Shop such as the famed Skull Trooper skin that has seen a resurgence in popularity thanks to Twitch streamer TSM_Myth. There are currently many players who are trying to “sell” their account just because it has the Skull Trooper skin. Most of the
Are you excited about the return of the Red Knight? Let us know in the comment section below.
Season 4 of Fortnite wraps up in mid-July and there have already been a number of clues as to what to expect with the next season. With last week's rocket launch, we have seen a huge rift created in the sky and now random portals are popping up all over the map.
The first sighting of the portals was at Lonely Lodge but they have since spread to places like Tomato Town and Retail Row. The tomato head on top of the Tomato Town restaurant has recently fallen victim to a portal. We'll surely receive more clues and information about Season 5 once the current season winds down.
Fortnite: Battle Royale is out now on Xbox One, PS4, iOS, Nintendo Switch and PC via the Epic Games Launcher. For more Fortnite: Battle Royale coverage, content and guides stay with us here at Heavy. Make sure you check out the rest of our gaming coverage too.
See Also:
The number of franchise businesses owned by women and minorities has never been higher in the U.S.
That's the big finding in a report commissioned by the International Franchise Association. The IFA published the results of the report, called the Minority and Gender Ownership Study. PricewaterhouseCoopers partnered with the IFA to produce the study, an analysis conducted of the 2012 Survey of Business Owners.
Women and Minorities Franchise Owners Statistics
According to the study, 30.8 percent of franchise businesses in 2012 were owned by minorities. That represents a significant jump from five years before, in 2007. Back then, just 20.5 percent of franchise businesses were minority owned.
By comparison, just 18.8 percent of non-franchise businesses are owned by minorities.
“The franchise business model has solidified its place in our economy as a stable job producer and opportunity engine. Franchising is uniquely situated to create serious economic opportunity in local communities by generating employment and ownership opportunities for those who need them most,” says IFA President and CEO Robert Cresanti. “This report demonstrates how the franchise business model is already working to meet the future challenges of a rapidly growing and diversifying franchise sector with shifting demographics, instituting a business model that achieves a dream for hundreds of thousands of Americans.”
The data shows Hispanic-owned franchise businesses are growing the fastest. In 2007, 5.2 percent of franchise businesses were owned by Hispanics. By 2012, that total doubled to 10.4 percent. Hispanics, African-Americans and Asians were more likely to own a franchise business than a non-franchised business.
Asians own the most franchise businesses among all minority groups included in this new report. The study says Asians own 11.8 percent of franchise businesses. Meanwhile, African-Americans own 8 percent of the franchise businesses in the U.S.
The same report examined the rise of women-owned franchise businesses in 2012. The report shows 30.6 percent of franchise businesses are women-owned. That figure is up from 20.5 percent just five years before that, a 50 percent increase.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Glad Cheng stands in front of the “Sino-American Friendship House.” Beimeng Fu/BuzzFeed News ID: 10253366
MUSCATINE, Iowa — This small town on the bank of the Mississippi River, just a few hours away from the bustle of Chicago, is known as a place where Mark Twain briefly lived, if it is known to Americans at all. Few tourists wander the streets.
But Glad Cheng, an ambitious Beijing businessman, sees a grand future in the city of 23,000: a mega-destination for Chinese tourists eager to experience American rural life, a popular showcase of Chinese culture within driving distance for 60 million Midwesterners, and a perfect entrance to an untapped land for businesses.
The Mississippi River as seen from Muscatine Beimeng Fu/BuzzFeed News ID: 10253375
But where many just see a sleepy Midwestern town surrounded by cornfields and food-processing factories, Glad Cheng sees a grand opportunity.
“[I look at this place] with Chinese eyes, with outsider's eyes,” explained Cheng, a 47-year-old semi-retired real estate developer, who's devoted years and millions of dollars to bringing Chinese tourists to small town Iowa. “Locals thought there was nothing special,” he told BuzzFeed News in an interview in conducted in Chinese. Indeed, few visitors wander the streets lined with festive decorations. Neither Uber nor Lyft service the area. The residence of its most famous resident, Mark Twain, is now a parking lot.
But the city has an unusual story that dates back to 1985: three decades before becoming the Chinese strongman president, the then-unknown Xi Jinpeng stayed in a two-story house and immersed in American culture by spending a few nights in the bedroom of an American Star Trek fan away at college. In 2012, the year before he took office, Xi returned to Muscatine briefly to reunite with his hosts, who he has reportedly maintained correspondence. Xi told them via an interpreter, according to the Muscatine Journal, a local paper where Twain once worked, “to me, you are America.”
Cheng was amazed by the tale right away.
“Never before in China's history did a ‘huangdi' [emperor] get in touch with ordinary Americans, nobody,” Cheng reflected. (He later implied that he misspoke and meant to say “president.”) “The house just quietly stands here as nobody pays attention? I bought it off without even thinking,” said Cheng, who has been traveling back and forth after buying the house during his first visit to the US in 2013.
Cheng, the youngest brother of five made his fortune by closely following China's political winds. The English major found luck in Yiwu, where the “Made In China” phenomenon originated; when the government started to subsidize the animation industry, he invested in cartoons such as Pleasant Goat and Big Big Wolf that became extremely popular in the country. This time, he's banked on Xi Jinping's rise to power, a leader more like Mao Zedong and Deng Xiaoping in terms of power wielded than the country has seen in decades. After retiring early after a false diagnosis of cancer and traveling the world with his wife, Cheng eventually decided the US would be where he got back into the swing of things.
A sign outside McDonald's in Muscatine welcomes then-Vice President Xi Jinping in 2012 Afp / AFP / Getty Images ID: 10253486
But he learned quickly that his new neighbors didn't share a great deal of curiosity about his homeland. When he asked his realtor, one of the first non-Chinese Americans he talked to, what she thought of China, she replied: “I don't care.”
If this is what most Midwesterners think about China, Cheng thought, something needed to be done. And where others might see a challenge, Cheng saw a blank slate.
“The east and west coasts are more populous, more international, but they are not necessarily going to pay attention to you,” said Cheng. “But in the Midwest, I can make the more than 60 million people like China.”
He named the house tucked away in the west end of Muscatine the “Sino-US Friendship House” to preserve Xi's legacy and opened it to the public, thinking it the the key to attracting Chinese tourists to small town America. But Cheng's vision goes beyond the house alone. He's bought a storefront to convert into a “China-US Civil Diplomacy” Museum, as part of his “China Window Group,” an ambitious business, tourism, culture exchange venture he registered in Muscatine with, he claims, a $10 million initial investment, if you include the mansion he bought for his family.
By the end of 2017, Cheng aims to attract more than 5,000 Chinese visitors — nearly a tenth of those Chicago receives annually — so he also took over a local travel agency and holds a stake in the downtown luxury hotel under construction. A “China-Muscatine Forum” based on the Davos Economic Forum is planned for 2018. The goal is to have the city serve as a hub to target the state of Iowa, and then the entire Midwest to “make the world better understand China.”
Some Muscatinians are still trying to understand why their town would become a tourist attraction for Chinese.
Cheng in front of the Muscatine home he purchased for his family Beimeng Fu/BuzzFeed News ID: 10253373
“Oh, my trouble is no downtown, they don't have really no stores here. You know they'd go shopping there,” 74-year old resident Donald Maylone said, when asked about Cheng's 5,000 tourists goal.
From the surface, Muscatine doesn't appear to be more Chinese than anywhere else in the Midwest. There were no Chinese tourists on the December streets. The last time someone signed in the Friendship House's guestbook was in the summer. (Cheng claims that two to three people visit the house each month.) Road signs are still English-only, and Chen Xia, owner of one of the four Chinese restaurants in town, hasn't seen any improved business. “I don't have much insight, but I think there's not really anything to develop in this city. Really, I'm thinking about closing this restaurant by the end of [2017] and move out,” said the Fujianese restaurant owner.
But many are optimistic.
“Muscatine though, it's so old and it's sinking in that it never has anything really exciting, right? So Glad, you know, he pictured all these skyscrapers on there and everyone thought he was crazy,” said Dan Stein, a senior vice president at local CBI Bank & Trust, chairman of Muscatine-China Initiative Committee. “But 2017 is the year we are actually gonna see some results, the first few years we were just planting small seeds,” he added.
The 2017 tourism goal and the investment estimates of $10 million are a bit high, commented Stein, who works closely with China Window and co-owns Midwest Import & Export (MIE), a subsidiary of the Group. But the small town vibe is relatable. “Of course it's cool to come to the US and see San Francisco and Chicago, but after you've done that once or twice, like I've been to China now and I spent all my time in the big cities, I've got to Glad's hometown, Kaihua, to me that was cool, it felt more like the China a lot of people don't see,” argues Stein.
Timing is key here.
“We are a great city to visit, but we haven't been a tourist destination. We are not Las Vegas, we are not New York City, we are just a small city on the Mississippi,” Greg Jenkins, President of the Greater Muscatine Chamber of Commerce & Industry, told BuzzFeed News in his office. “But how long would Xi's legacy hold? Would Chinese look at this place at all if he hadn't been here? No.”
Complicating matters, Trump has not stopped tweeting about China, and broken diplomatic precedent by receiving a congratulation call from the Taiwanese government last month and questioning the “One China Policy,” moves that have upset China.
“I do think it's critical that we take advantage of the opportunities now while President Xi is in office and while Governor Branstad is hopefully moving onto the ambassadorship,” said Gregg Mandsager, Muscatine's City Administrator. Terry Branstad, the long-serving governor of Iowa, who campaigned heavily for President-elect Donald Trump, has been nominated to be the new ambassador to China. Branstad is also considered an “old friend” of Xi, for receiving the 1985 delegation that Xi was leading. “Those personal relationships can survive the things that happen on the national theater,” he added.
The Muscatine-China Initiative Committee committee, a body of about a dozen people, was formed by the city after Xi's 2012 visit, to accommodate potential guests and investments from China. In addition to the Friendship House, which the city helps run, it is also considering adding more amenities such as fishing ponds and shooting grounds, according to various sources, who heard that “Chinese tourists like fishing.”
One of the early benefits locals welcome is employment. “I'm definitely planning on and hoping that I could get a job down there in the new hotel [because]I have the experiences,” said Shelia Thompson, a front desk clerk at the Hotel Muscatine, which she plans to leave soon. Upon opening, the Merrill Hotel and Conference Center, a highly anticipated four-star project downtown, as well as the new museum, will create hopefully jobs. Staff at Muscatine Travel have been able to keep doing the same business, with a new focus about China.
After the establishment of two “Muscatine Centers” — museums showcasing Midwestern businesses — in Shandong and Zhejiang, six more cities in China have expressed interest in starting their own, Cheng claims. The real estate developer has also announced a future “Sino-US Friendship Town” in Yiwu, according to Xinhua, to “let Chinese experience the US without leaving the country, and to let Americans in China feel at home.”
“Small places like this are rather easy to change, as long as you put in a certain amount of investment, things are different right away,” said Cheng.
This time, Cheng stayed shortly in the city, preparing for the second annual Chinese New Year Concert, to be held in February for free to the public. The concerts, largely appreciated by the locals, are co-sponsored by Cheng's China Window and the China Arts and Entertainment Group (CAEG), a Chinese state-run performance company targeting international audiences. Earlier in November, another state-run cultural investment company co-sponsored a Chinese Culture Week at a local high school in Muscatine, which was heavily reported by state-owned media such as CCTV and Xinhua. The Chinese Consul General in Chicago has been in close contact with China Window, providing help to the Concert By working to increase China's popularity in the world, effectively doing the propaganda department's job, Cheng's project quickly gained more official acknowledgement than any he'd launched before.
Dan Stein, Governor Terry Branstad, and Glad Cheng WeChat ID: 10253376
Some locals have been skeptical of China Window, whose staff of more than 30 are based in China. Mandsager, the City Administrator, first travelled to China during the lead-up to the bloody crackdown in Tiananmen Square in 1989, and so didn't get onboard immediately when Cheng approached him. An audience member at a startup panel talk in Muscatine featured China Window demanded clarification of the Chinese government's involvement earlier this year from Daniel Wang, Cheng's trade partner leading MIE. Wang, who speaks broken English, eventually denied serious links between the two, saying his business has “very few” government connections.
“Communications might be their weak point, but they are working on it,” Stein said of the need to communicate more with the town's residents rather than just city and state officials. “A lot of people when they first came were confused, are they business guys, are they government guys, who are these people you know, they have been spending a lot of times trying to explain what they are doing just to stakeholders.”
“This afternoon in Iowa state government [I] visited the governor to-be American ambassador to China, his humor and confidence will surely bring China-US relations to new heights,” Cheng wrote on a set of group photos posted to his WeChat timeline shortly after Christmas, as the latest accomplishment of his adventure in Muscatine. If the governor attends his concert, a perfect farewell party to send him away to his post in China, Cheng figured, it'll be a big win for his business.
“There are two types of rich people in the world when achieving financial freedom. The first type will keep making money, and the second will get lost not knowing what to do next,” said Cheng. “I was the second type. But I've dedicated to spend the second half of my life working on improving China's image in the US, and it'll start in Muscatine.”
With an unmatched number of scoops, Brexit has become our most read and commented-on topic since the referendum. Follow key Brexit developments from differing regional perspectives along with expert trusted analysis.
There has been a severe gap between the two main political parties that has been allowed to fester. This conflict has grown to the point where people cannot come together to debate the issues of our time in a respectful manner.
Any issue under the shroud of the social justice warrior movement of the last decade has become taboo to talk about. These matters include gun control, hate speech, minority representation, gender dynamics and much more. Everyone has their own opinions buried deep within their psyches, and these are rarely vetted. Because of this, when opinions are expressed, conflict is often created.
William Shakespeare once said, “There is nothing either bad or good but thinking makes it so.”
He dictates that there is nothing inherently bad about having opposing opinions, but the problem lies in the morality. When morals are imposed, people have a tendency to be unable to have civilized discussions. They are even more so against having their minds changed. This creates an environment in which opinions, on either side, go unopposed.
I believe this is the primary reason that people are unable to discuss politically and socially charged issues today. All too often when an opposing view is offered, people are not only taken aback or offended, but also tend to look at said person differently.
This classification of people into certain categories solely on the basis of a varying opinion is unacceptable. For example, when someone doubts the implications of women earning less than 0.72 cents on the dollar compared to men, that person is more often than not labeled as a bigot and sexist. This type of labeling does not bode well for open debate.
When a person is subjugated to a group, akin to being labeled racist and sexist, the people doing the subjugating are making that person less than human and are also degrading their opposition's opinion.
This makes the sexist in the example above morally lesser than whoever makes the claim, and for all intents and purposes, strips the proclaimed sexist of the ability t o make an argument, even if the person in question is not, in fact, a sexist. It is very easy to do this, and is carried out quite often.
The only conceivable solution to such an epidemic is to cultivate mindfulness in the masses. Mindfulness is a way of life, taught widely in the Eastern world through meditation and spiritual pilgrimages. Now meditation has a negative stigma in the Western world, but let's just focus on what mindfulness does, and why we need it.
The act of being mindful is to monitor one's thoughts in a way to assure one is thinking about what one wants to be thinking about. It is a way to assess your own ideas and make sure that what you are thinking about is true to you. This act also allows you to understand other people's perspectives, since you are not dependent on your own opinions, and be receptive to their ideas, culture, opinions and ways of life.
Promoting mindfulness would allow us to debate without subjugating, without dubious arguments and most importantly, without offense.
Start questioning your opinions and realize that maybe someone has a different way of thinking; and to push the realm even further, maybe you are wrong in your assumptions and opinions.
Were you aware that 84% of all small businesses operate in the red? They'll never make a profit.
Of course, your small business doesn't have to be one of those small businesses. And the latest edition of Small Business Trends magazine can help. In this issue, we're tackling the topic of profitability.
And we've lined up plenty of experts and their advice to help your small business stay in the black and out of the red.
In our cover story, our Staff Writer Annie Pilon reaches out to an expert for their Do's and Don'ts for small business profitability. It's a can't miss article you need to read today to stay out of the red.
The latest edition also has a great list of Low Overhead Business Ideas. These businesses aren't guaranteed to make a profit, of course, but all but cut out one of the major reasons why small businesses struggle to stay afloat.
You'll also want to check out Brent Leary's one-on-one interview with the star of TV's “The Profit”, host Marcus Lemonis.
There's all that plus tips on using new and emerging tech to help boost revenues and keep costs to a minimum and how to keep your employees engaged enough that they actually help you realize a profit sooner.
Subscribe to the magazine today to get future issues of it delivered straight to your inbox. You can do that by clicking here.
Check out previous editions of Small Business Trends magazine by clicking on our archive.
Fears new medical aid law changes may cause 'doctor drain' A key issue of the proposed Medical Schemes Amendment Bill is the impact on doctors, resulting from a proposed uniform tariff for healthcare services.
Concerns have been raised about the proposed Medical Schemes Amendment Bill, one of many health-related bills which have been going through various motions in Parliament.
Recently, the cabinet approved the Bill to regulate medical schemes, and it will now be published and made available for public comment.
Among the concerns raised is the impact of a proposed uniform tariff for healthcare services, leading to a possible exodus of doctors and other healthcare professionals to countries where they can get "full value" for their services by charging tariffs they see as reasonable.
Uniform tariffs
Head of Healthcare at financial service company GTC, Jill Larken, told Health24 that a uniform tariff was introduced into the pharmaceutical industry some time ago with a standard single exit price set for each medicine.
"Although there was substantial pushback, this was eventually adopted and has seen the effective management of medicine prices.
"To extend this concept into the pricing of services paid to some of the rarest professionals in our country would surely cause those professionals to seek employment elsewhere in the world.
"This 'brain drain' is not a new concept to South Africa, but we cannot continue to suffer the loss of doctors and an increase in population. We don't currently have enough doctors to cater for our existing population, which currently means that those who do decide to stay, will forever be overworked,” said Larken.
Managing Director for the Board of Healthcare Funders (BHF), Dr Katlego Mothudi, told Health24 that the Bill needs to be amended. "There are many sections that need to be aligned to good health policy and remove barriers that impede access to affordable care."
Mothudi added that healthcare expenses have been increasing at rates of 4% to 5% above inflation over the past years.
"There are inadequate controls to manage the increasing costs of healthcare, so the proposed uniform tariff would help address this problem to some extent. The implementation of uniform tariffs would avoid co-payments as medical schemes would reimburse providers at the prescribed tariffs," said Mothudi.
But tariffs aren't the only issue
The proposed Amendment Bill addresses doing away with prescribed minimum benefits (PMB) and replacing it with basic benefits.
The Council for Medical Schemes describes PMBs as a list of benefits that members of medical aids, regardless of the package they're on, have access to. The website adds that PMBs form part of the Medical Schemes Act and states that medical aids are obliged to cover the costs related to the diagnoses, care and treatment of any emergency medical condition, 270 medical conditions and 25 chronic conditions.
The Amended Bill aims to replace PMBs with something called basic benefits.
Mothudi said that the major weakness with PMBs is that they are "hospi-centric" and it would be more efficient to provide primary care and prevent avoidable hospitalisations.
Health Minister, Dr Aaron Motsoaledi, or the Department of Health is yet to let medical aids know more about the basic benefits, according to Larken.
"We have been informed that basic benefits would replace PMBs at some point in the future. We have not been supplied with a list of these basic benefits, neither have the medical aids, who will be expected to make adjustments to their minimum benefits and premiums as and when this list is released," said Larken.
Effect of removal of co-payments
Larken added that with this comes the eradication of co-payments, and without co-payments every member would be asked to pay much higher premiums.
"Via the introduction and charging of co-payments, medical aids have been able to manage the annual premium increases experienced by their whole membership, and transfer some of the risk back onto those members which require the co-payment procedures.
"The only tie in between the basic minimum benefits, uniform tariffs and co-payments would be if, and here it is a very big if, these elements were all released at the same time.
"The effect of the introduction of basic minimum benefits, uniform tariffs and co-payments would be to reduce premiums for medical aid members, whereas the effect of the removal of co-payments would be to increase premiums for medical aid members," said Larken.
When the amendment to the bill was announced in 2015, rights organisation Section27 released a statement saying that regulation eight (8) is unreasonable.
The organisation listed several reasons behind why the legislation is unreasonable, one of them being that the proposed amendment undermines the important purpose of the Act, which includes to "protect the interests of medical scheme members".
Image credit: iStock
Americans see themselves as people on the move. When the going gets tough or when opportunity beckons, we get up and go. We move around a lot.
Actually, we don't — or don't nearly so much as we used to. The percentage of Americans moving every year is less than half that of a half-century ago and down significantly since the early 1990s.
Some of that decline is a response to the economic cycle. Contrary to widespread impression, mobility tends to decline in bad economic times. The Okies moving from the Dust Bowl to the Central Valley of California made a big impression in the 1930s because they were the exception, not the rule. Most Americans stayed put and ate vegetables raised in their gardens or window boxes, making do as best they could.
The vast movements to the western frontier had ended decades earlier, and farm-to-factory migration went on pause. Foreign immigration was almost nonexistent, even below the low quotas set in the restrictive Immigration Act of 1924.
Then, during World War II, Americans moved around a lot, serving in the military, working in defense plants, leaving behind farm counties whose population peaked in the 1940 census.
It became a habit. In the postwar years, millions of whites moved to California, the Golden State they had seen in the war and the movies, while one-third of American blacks moved from the segregated rural South to what they believed was “the promised land” of northern industrial cities.
You can see in the statistics similar movement away from the Rust Belt in response to factory closings during the recessions of 1979-83. Laid-off autoworkers in Detroit bought copies of the Sunday Houston Chronicle to scan help-wanted ads. Steelworkers in Pittsburgh and coal miners in West Virginia rented U-Hauls for points south and west.
You haven't seen similar mobility in the slow-growth years of this century. There is heavy domestic outmigration from high-cost, high-immigration metro New York, Chicago and Los Angeles to the interior. But people in the Rust Belt have been staying put.
To understand why, read Ron Bailey's riveting Dec. 10 article for Reason, titled “Stuck,” about his family's ancestral home in McDowell County, West Virginia. It was the nation's No. 1 coal-producing county in 1950, when the Baileys left. Many others did, too; McDowell County's population declined from 98,000 in 1950 to 22,000 in 2010.
But few people are leaving now — even though those who remain are in miserable shape. McDowell County has the lowest male life expectancy of any American county, and it has a high percentage of heroin addiction. Only about half of children are raised in two-parent families.
It also has a very high dependency on government. As Bailey reports, nearly 47 percent of personal income comes from Social Security, disability insurance (some 9 percent of West Virginia adults get disability payments), food stamps and other federal programs.
Government benefits, even federal benefits, are not readily transferable and tend to keep beneficiaries stuck in place. They often can't obtain jobs in growth areas because of occupational-licensing laws or drug testing, and they aren't interested in competing for jobs with low-wage immigrants jammed into expensive housing in coastal metro areas.
Labor-market economic theory posits that workers will move to jobs. But history teaches that mobility is not just a matter of economic calculation. For most people, staying put is the default mode. They only take the unusual step of moving to pursue dreams or escape nightmares.
And they don't move where they think they're not wanted. Only 2 million black and white Southerners moved to the higher-pay North between 1865 and 1940, even as 30 million European immigrants streamed there. Southerners considered the North a nightmarishly alien territory; Europeans sought escape from the nightmare of second-class status in multiethnic empires.
The World War II experience convinced a generation or two of Americans they could realize their dreams by getting up and going. But the war ended 71 years ago, and the postwar years are dimming in the rearview mirror. Some Americans are still on the move. But many are stuck in nightmare settings that they seem unable to escape.
LAS VEGAS (KLAS) — One way people are honoring the lives lost in the shooting at the Route 91 music festival is by opening up their wallets.
MGM Resorts already donated a whopping $3 million to the victims and their families and Sheldon Adelson and the Las Vegas Sands Corporation donated $4 million.
Zappo's, the UFC, and Station Casinos have all pledged $1 million each.
Many individuals are also donating what they can, including more than $9 million raised in a GoFundMe campaign started by Clark County Commissioner Steve Sisolak and Sheriff Joe Lombardo. But exactly how will the money be put into the hands of those who need it?
The LasVegasNow.com I-Team tried to find out.
The outpouring of generosity has been inspirational and astounding. The GoFundMe effort is perhaps the best example of that.
As of Thursday evening, that fund stood at $9.5 million raised in just a few days from 77,000 donations. So, how will the money be spent, and who will administer the funds?
“We set up a GoFundMe account because the sheriff and I thought that we could maybe help some of these victims with funeral expenses, with travel expenses,” Sisolak said.
READ MORE: Stories about the Las Vegas victims
Commissioner Sisolak's idea to team up with Sheriff Joe Lombardo in starting a fund to help to shoot victims quickly exceeded expectations.
It is not clear how the millions of dollars in the fund will be dispersed. At Wednesday's county commission meeting, the discussion focused on whether a third party such as the National Center for Victims of Crime could be brought in to handle the administrative duties. Those duties include getting the money into the hands of those who need it most by paying for ongoing medical treatments, travel expenses for the wounded and funeral expenses for those who died.
On Thursday, the I-Team learned another potential partner surfaced. Discussions were held behind the scenes between Commissioner Sisolak's staff and individuals with experience in administering funds raised in the wake of a tragedy. In particular, the Boston Marathon bombings of 2013. Three people were killed and hundreds were injured. Donations exceeded $60 million.
Boston's experience could serve as a model, however, no agreement has been reached.
“We are in the process now of deciding strategy and structure, how to give out the money. We had people today who flew in to meet with county staff to try and coordinate this. The sheriff and I are not involved with this. We started it, but that's the extent of what we plan to do,” Sisolak said.
It is not known how and to whom the Las Vegas money would be distributed, but a large chunk of the donated money will stay with GoFundMe, the company which hosts the fundraising webpage.
GoFundMe charges a standard 7.9 percent of all the money raised plus a fee of 30 cents per donation. As of thursday evening, 77,000 individual donations have been made from 75 countries around the world.
That means the total fee charged by GoFundMe for hosting the Las Vegas page could exceed $776,000 dollars.
Whether GoFundMe can be talked into cutting some slack on its fees is unknown.
Commissioner Sisolak said, that in addition to a group from Boston, county staff also met with groups who managed similar funds following tragedies in New York and Orlando. Whoever administers the Las Vegas fund must agree to allow for local control in vetting which people qualify to receive some of the money.
6/15/17 – 5:14 A.M.
Bridge repair work will close a section of I-75 near Bluffton for the next two nights. ODOT says crews will close the northbound lanes of the interstate under Bentley Road starting at 10 p.m. tonight through 6 a.m. Friday. Workers will close the southbound lanes in the same area from 10 p.m. Friday through 6 a.m. Saturday.
The construction plan uses the Bentley Road entrance and exit ramps to maintain I-75 traffic. Area drivers won't be able to use the Bentley Road overpass to get over I-75 during the traffic change.
ODOT is replacing the bridge deck on the Bentley Road bridge.
Subscribe to read: Financial Times
Esma warns of ‘potential loophole' in new share trading rules
St. John's entered Saturday sitting at 10-13 on the season, winless in all 11 Big East games that they have played this season.
The Johnnies will still be winless in the Big East on Super Bowl Sunday, but they added a nice little consolation prize into the mix, as they rode 33 points from Shamorie Ponds to an 81-77 win over No. 4 Duke in Madison Square Garden.
Ponds was the best player on the floor on Saturday, finishing with seven boards, four steals and three assists to go along with those 33 points. He lit up whoever was tasked with trying to guard him and made a pair of massive buckets down the stretch — a layup with just over a minute left to answer Duke after the Blue Devils re-took the lead, and a three on the ensuing possession to put the Johnnies up 77-73 with just over 30 seconds left.
“They made us look bad but then we made ourselves look bad. We didn't play basketball the first 32 minutes worthy of our program,” Mike Krzyzewski said after the game. “It was disgusting, really.”
He is a very, very good player and scorer. He doesn't get much national attention because the Johnnies haven't won this year, but it is not all that shocking to see Ponds go crazy in Madison Square Garden while carrying St. John's to a big win over a good team.
And it's also not all that surprising to see a lead guard slice up Duke's defense. We've come to expect it at this point, right? Duke doesn't guard, particularly dynamic, play-making ball-handlers.
Hell, I don't even think it would be right to hammer Duke for losing this game. The fact of the matter is that St. John's has the talent to be in the mix as an NCAA tournament team. They have been the most disappointing team in the Big East this season and one of the more disappointing teams in the counter. If the Johnnies were winning at the rate that they should be winning, this would just be another case of Duke losing a road game to an OK team that matched up well with them.
But none of that changes the fact that this Duke team just doesn't seem to fit.
Grayson Allen was a total no-show again. He finished with just seven points on 1-for-7 shooting despite playing all 40 minutes. The only field goal he made came with less than a minute left, and if it wasn't for two more threes that he missed on the final two possessions, he would have left the Garden having shot the ball just four times.
That said, I can appreciate what Allen is trying to do.
He's trying to play a role. He's trying to do what Quinn Cook did for the 2015 title-winning team. He's trying to be the guy that sacrifices his numbers for the sake of winning. The problem is that the rest of these pieces just do not seem to fit.
Take Gary Trent Jr., for example. He's really come on strong shooting the ball in ACC play, but he's been such a liability on the defensive end of the floor, whether Duke is in zone or in man. Wendell Carter might be an all-american, but he essentially plays the same spot on the floor as Bagley, and hes not as good as Bagley is. Then there is Trevon Duval. No one respects his ability to shoot, which makes it that much easier to throw bodies at Duke's bigs.
And then there is the issue of what happens when Bagley is off the floor. On Saturday, Duke's offense went directly into the toilet. They were already the majority of the way through a slow start to the second half when Bagley picked up his fourth foul, but as soon as he went to the bench, Duke's offense looked awful. I'm not sure they had one quality possession during the five or so minutes he was on the bench.
All told, the Johnnies used a 27-11 surge to open the second half and build a 59-50 lead.
“The basketball gods understand, in most cases, who should win,” Coach K said. “We got what we deserved.”
Oh, and Bagley?
He sat for seven minutes midway through the second half, the stretch when Duke has made a habit of digging themselves out of the holes that they create.
And to me, that right there is the most important part of this game.
Duke once again dug themselves a hole. Then Bagley got into foul trouble, and the Blue Devils didn't have the horses to dig themselves back out.
The truth is, other than the game against Michigan State on the fifth day of the season, Duke has yet to really put in a complete performance against a team that looks like they can get to the second weekend of the NCAA tournament. They needed to come storming back against Texas, and Florida, and Indiana. They rallied late against Miami and even trailed Virginia by 10 points at the half. Their best performance against a good team came at home against Florida State when they gave up 93 points.
And all of those comebacks more or less have one thing in common: Marvin Bagley III taking over.
It really isn't hard to frame Duke's season like this: They are a bad defensive team with incohesive talent that would be 15-8 on the season if Bagley wasn't a super-human.
1:24 Gun dealer describes confusion, complexity in California's new gun laws Pause
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach
1:07 The holidays are at home with the Fortinis
1:40 A look back at SLO startup Shopatron, as Kibo announces local layoffs
0:41 Cal Poly Rose Parade float heads to Pasadena under the cover of darkness
0:46 Nephew shares memories of David Fear, who died in Grover Beach dog attack
0:31 On election night, Heidi Harmon shared her goals for SLO
0:07 Timelapse video: Watch Cal Poly students decorate their 2017 Rose Parade float
0:28 Atascadero's Elijah Cooks turns Lompoc game into dunk contest
Dear Reader,
As you can imagine, more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before. Nevertheless, traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications, like ours, are being forced to look for new ways to keep going. Unlike many other news organizations, we have not put up a paywall. We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analyses from the frontlines of Israel, the Middle East and the Jewish World.
As one of our loyal readers, we ask you to be our partner.
For $5 a month you will receive access to the following:
A user uxperience almost completely free of ads
Access to our Premium Section and our monthly magazine to learn Hebrew, Ivrit
Content from the award-winning Jerusalem Repor
A brand new ePaper featuring the daily newspaper as it appears in print in Israel
Help us grow and continue telling Israel's story to the world.
Thank you,
Ronit Hasin-Hochman, CEO, Jerusalem Post Group
Yaakov Katz, Editor-in-Chief
Schools, companies move to fill massive aviation employee shortage
hello
With the need to fill millions of new aviation jobs over the next two decades, schools and companies in the suburbs are priming the pipeline for high school students to fill the shortage.
The industry will need 637,000 commercial airline pilots, 648,000 maintenance technicians and 839,000 cabin crew members to keep airplanes flying worldwide between now and 2036, according to a report published this year by Boeing. That's a combined 2 million jobs, not including other careers such as air traffic control or airport management.
This has companies such as Wood Dale-based AAR Corp. -- a maintenance and parts supplier for United, Southwest and Delta Air Lines as well as the Navy and Air Force -- focused on giving Chicago-area students career experiences and internships early in life.
The focus comes from the top of the worldwide company. Last week, CEO David Storch dropped in to visit with a group of about a dozen students from Perspectives Charter School in Chicago who toured Hawthorne Global Aviation Services at Chicago Executive Airport. The tour was part of a two-month program sponsored by the company for students at the charter school.
"This is about giving them an education beyond what they might get in school," Storch said.
Industry experts have various theories for the impending employee shortage, including an aging workforce, reduced interest in hands-on technical jobs and less exposure as airports ramped up security after the Sept. 11, 2001, terror attacks.
Alluding to security fences constructed around many airports to block access, Rayner Hutchinson, AAR Corp.'s vice president of quality and safety, said it's the industry's job to "part the barbed wire and let them see what's possible."
For many of the students touring Hawthorne Aviation last Wednesday, it was their first time aboard an airplane. Sitting in a corporate jet parked in a hangar, junior Tiara King talked about her aspirations to become a doctor. Still, she said, the final decision hasn't been made, and the aviation program has taught her about another career option.
"It lets me know what other jobs, what other things you can do," King said.
This fall, Crystal Lake High School District 155 partnered with Lake in the Hills Airport and a local flight school to offer an elective course in four schools for students to earn Federal Aviation Administration private pilot ground school certification. Officials hope it will be a blueprint for other high schools.
And sitting within the busy O'Hare International Airport market, Northwest Suburban High School District 214 will be starting an aviation careers program next school year. The school district will be partnering with the aviation program at Lewis University to offer a dual credits to high school students, said Dan Weidner, the district's director of academic programs and pathways.
District officials are designing the program to allow students to earn an aviation maintenance technician certificate within 12 to 18 months of graduation, potentially leading to jobs with a median salary of $60,000. The program will provide a basis for all careers in aviation. The idea is to help students land middle-class jobs and remain in the community, Weidner said.
"It's engaging for our students, it's good for the community, and there are real opportunities," Weidner said. "No pun intended, but the sky is kind of the limit in terms of career pathways in aviation."
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Scentsy, Inc. was named as one of the best places to work in the direct selling industry. This is the first time Scentsy has been named to the Best Places to Work list, compiled by the Direct Selling News, in the 14 years they've been in business.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Drivers are being diverted after a burst water main caused damaged to a bridge forcing police to close a road in Burghfield .
Burghfield Road is closed between Mill Road and Underwood Road in Calcot due to the dangerous bridge over the Kennet and Avon Canal.
Inspector James Turner, of Thames Valley Police, said: "What appears to have happened is a water main in the bridge has burst.
"Thames Water has got a structural engineer there at the moment to decide if it is safe to reopen the bridge or if it needs to remain closed overnight.
"We want to keep the public safe so will wait on the decision from Thames Water."
Traffic site INRIX reported the bridge had been damaged and could remain closed until Tuesday, January 3 for council inspections.
A Thames Water spokeswoman said: “We're sorry for the disruption caused by our burst water main.
"The pipe has now been repaired and the road will be reopened when the owners have confirmed the burst hasn't caused any damage to it.”
Drivers are still able to access The Cunning Man pub.
ABC News(LOS ANGELES) — The Thomas Fire, the worst of five wildfires currently burning in California, grew by more than 50,000 acres on Sunday, making it the fifth-largest wildfire in the state's history, fire officials said.
The inferno just north of Los Angeles in Ventura and Santa Barbara counties is being fought by about 6,400 firefighters.
It's been a witch's brew fueled by lush vegetation, powerful Santa Ana winds and the region's extremely warm weather and dry conditions.
So far, officials estimate the Thomas Fire has charred about 230,500 acres, the equivalent of about 360 square miles. It has consumed 794 structures and damaged about 190 others, with 18,000 buildings still at risk.
The peril of the blaze, which has burned wildly for a week, has prompted the evacuation of tens of thousands of residents.
In Santa Barbara County alone, more than 30,000 residents were forced from their homes under evacuation warnings.
Perhaps most critical is that the Santa Ana winds persist, keeping firefighters struggling with gusts at around 35 to 45 mph, Cal Fire officials confirmed.
However, in a promising turn, despite the fire's perimeter spreading over the weekend, the Thomas Fire is now back to 15 percent contained — up slightly from Sunday evening.
The state has spent more than $34 million on efforts to suppress the Thomas fire, which has also knocked out electricity for thousands of area residents, authorities said.
“[We're] facing a new reality in the state,” California Gov. Jerry Brown said Saturday as he surveyed damage in Ventura County. “It's a horror and a horror we need to recover from.”
He said drought and climate change have exacerbated the wildfires.
From now on in California, Brown said, fires are going to be more “intense” and a greater danger to lives and property.
“Individuals need to come together to make our communities livable,” he said.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Larry Kudlow, a long-time fixture on the CNBC business news network who previously served in the Reagan administration, is interviewed on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Wednesday, March 14, 2018. President Donald Trump has chosen Kudlow to be his top economic aide. Richard Drew AP
Secretary of Defense Jim Mattis signaled on Wednesday that not only does the Pentagon have a unilateral say over if and when new US troops deploy to Afghanistan, but that it will have a major say in military strategy there as well, leaving critics wary of a commander in chief who shows no interest in commanding.
Under a new authority provided by President Donald Trump on Tuesday and first reported by BuzzFeed News, Mattis will have the final say over how many troops will be sent to Afghanistan, where the US has been fighting a war since 2001. In April, the president granted Mattis the same authorities in Iraq and Syria. Before those changes, such decisions were closely held by the White House. Mattis can now greatly deepen American involvement without having to go to the president.
“This decision is part of a broader strategy we are developing that addresses our role in Afghanistan and beyond. We will present this to the President in the coming weeks. We will continue to work with our allies and we will ask more of them,” Mattis said in a statement.
While testifying on Capitol Hill about the defense budget on Wednesday, Mattis offered the Trump administration's most detailed objectives for the war yet, promising a strategy within weeks. The White House has yet to offer a strategic goal for Afghanistan, other than to call for the defeat of ISIS and al-Qaeda. Trump has yet to speak to the general in charge of the war, even as his administration has spent eight weeks reviewing its position in Afghanistan.
A new strategy seems badly needed. Even though the war is approaching its 16th year, senators were still asking fundamental questions about the US effort on Wednesday.
“How do you define victory?” Sen. Jon Tester asked Mattis. Mattis responded that the US military strategy seeks to lower the levels of violence in Afghanistan to a point that can be contained by local troops, all under a respected Afghan government. That, he said, would ensure there will be no safe havens from which terrorists can plot attacks on the West.
The defense secretary, however, stopped short of giving a timeline for achieving that, or did not say if there would be one.
One of the keys to building a successful business is to stay on top of business trends. You absolutely need to anticipate what your customers need before they even know it themselves. And while it is highly unlikely that you have the superpower to see into the future, the best way to know what is trending is to do some trend spotting online. Here are a few websites that are great for anyone who's looking to spot business trends.
Trend Spotting Websites
Trend Hunter
Trend Hunter is a popular online community featuring a daily dose of pop culture, innovative ideas and viral news. Their most popular concepts are featured on Trend Hunder TV. You can search for hot trends ranging from tech to fashion to Ads, design, culture and anything in between.
Trend Watching
This website offers tools, insights and trends that can help you build products and campaigns that trend. Trend Watching offers you a chance to consult live with trend experts and also offers an end-to-end online trend intelligence platform. The site offers a free account, but for deep insights you can either choose the $499 per month Pro plan or the $999 per month Pro+ option.
Cool Hunting
This company has since 2003 helped businesses and companies to uncover the latest trends in art and culture, travel, style, technology and design. Cool Hunting is for anyone in the creative arts business.
Springwise
This platform is powered by a network of more than 20,000 spotters in more than 190 countries who spot trends in their respective countries and Springwise then curates and publishes the most exciting trends. The platform has different pricing plans starting at $115 per month all the way to $1520 per year.
Moreinspiration
This platform has a whole lot of trending topics, including travel, sports, security, technology, advertising, healthcare and many more. As an interesting twist, some Moreinspiration product descriptions are accompanied by video explanations.
CoolBusinessIdeas
CoolBusinessIdeas.com is the go-to website for anyone with insatiable curiosity about trending business ideas. The website may not look as cool as Trend Hunter, but it certainly has a lot of free valuable trends on consumer goods, media and publishing as well as fashion and design, among many other topics.
TheTrendSpotter
This particular website is perfect for anyone wishing to spot trends in the fashion and design industries. TheTrendSpotter offers a variety of trends for men and women and even has a section dedicated to fashion news only.
PFSK
This platform offers insights through its innovation portal and newsletters. PFSK also produces reports providing businesses with insight on the latest trends. Pricing starts at $95 per month.
TheCoolist
While it may look more like your usual news website, TheCoolist actually provides its community with trending projects in crafts, home design and fashion.
TED
The well-known nonprofit offers content devoted to its “Ideas Worth Spreading” mantra. TED started out in 1984 as a conference bringing together people from design, entertainment and technology. This idea has, however, expanded in recent years to include just about any topic that you might think of and has become very influential in the field of entrepreneurship.
Premium features include the agenda-setting Lex column, EM Squared, Martin Sandbu's Free Lunch, Newsmine blog, daily FT ePaper and exclusive weekly emails designed to enhance your FT experience.
What do you get in your Premium Subscription package?
Lex Column - The FT's daily guide to the corporate and financial stories that matter. Since the 1930's Lex has been providing concise, readable and timely commentary on companies, markets and the theory behind investing. From tech valuations to the pros and cons of share buybacks, via the banking crisis and emerging markets, Our specialists in London, New York and Hong Kong give you the tools to make better investment decisions.
Editor's Choice - An exclusive weekly newsletter with insights from Lionel Barber, the Financial Times' lauded editor.
FT Newsmine Blog - A weekly email that abstracts essential macroeconomic data for you from the week's news stories.
Free lunch - Martin Sandbu's Free Lunch - A succinct daily take on global economics from columnist Martin Sandbu who selects and comments on the day's biggest topics.
4:36 'I am here to save democracy...' Pause
3:05 Welcoming the New Year with an Idaho spud
0:35 Tamarack torchlight parade welcomes the new year
3:56 What's JUMP all about in Downtown Boise?
4:48 A sneak peek at Esther Simplot Park
1:46 White Dog Brewing Co. prepares to open in Boise
2:24 Murky future of health care in Idaho, nation
1:46 Animation of the solar eclipse path through Idaho
0:25 Karan Tucker on Boise nonprofit Jannus
Cumberland (15-31-1, 2-22 Mid-South) was to head to Martin Methodist in Pulaski for a doubleheader beginning at 3 p.m. and will take on host Freed-Hardeman for a two-game series Tuesday.
Big innings for the Bears (21-16, 12-12 Mid-South) and errors on CU led them to victory, scoring three runs in the first inning and five in the second for an 8-0 advantage. Cumberland scored one run in the bottom of the second inning with a solo homer from Kassydi Montgomery. SSU plated one more in the top of the third, with an RBI double by Kayla Koch to pull ahead, 9-1.
The fourth inning was scoreless for both teams, but in the bottom of the fifth a single to second base by Hernandez drove in Taylor Woodring to keep the Phoenix in the game, 9-2. The Bears again did not score in the sixth but the Phoenix responded with two runs in the bottom of the inning. A two-run single for Shelbi Prichard cut the Phoenix deficit to 9-4.
The Bears' Koch singled in the sixth and scored in Victoria Bevington and with bases loaded back to back walks scored two more runs for Shawnee. One final walk scored in Rawlins for the 13-4 advantage.
Cumberland drove in two runs on four hits in the bottom of the seventh, with a two-run double by Shae Dunn to pull the Phoenix within seven, 13-6 before Shawnee State closed out the game.
Tessa Tomaselli, Dunn and Graham each collected two hits in the opener and Woodring went 1-for-3 and added one run. Kaitlin Kralj (5-12) took the loss, allowing eight hits, eight runs, five earned and one walk in one plus innings of work. Kinsey Wilder pitched her longest appearance all year, allowing nine hits, five runs and one walk in five innings of work.
Allie Tomlinson tossed one inning in relief allowing no runs and no hits, and Sara Jordan finished off the game with no runs and no hits as well. Cumberland stranded eight base runners in the opener and collected 15 hits.
Saunders went 4-for-5 at the plate and collected four runs while Kayla Koch recorded four hits, one run and three RBIs for the Bears. Brooke Blevins (11-9) pitched a complete game allowing six runs on 15 hits and striking out eight batters.
Shawnee completed a comeback in the second game as Cumberland took an early lead, plating two runs in the first for a 2-1 advantage. Tomaselli's RBI single drove in Hernandez and Miles followed with a single to left field to plate Dunn.
The Phoenix scored four runs in the second inning with a two-run single by Graham . Torregano reached on a fielding error and Graham scored on the play as an RBI single by Dunn brought home Torregano for the 6-1 advantage.
The Bears scored six runs in the third inning to pull ahead by one 7-6. Cumberland tied the game at seven in the sixth but Shawnee State scored one run in the seventh and held off CU to complete the four-game series sweep.
Graham recorded three hits, one run and two RBIs in the game and Dunn added two hits one run and two RBIs. Alexa Snyder (5-8) took the loss for the squad, allowing seven runs, four earned, and seven hits in three innings of work. Nicole Pratt allowed one run, unearned, and three hits in four innings of relief.
Koch had another impressive game going 2-for-4 and adding one run and three RBIs for the Bears and Bevington recorded two hits, one run and one RBI. Mackenzie Whittaker (10-6) tossed all seven innings, allowing seven runs, just two earned and eight hits.
Saunders singled to the pitcher to start the opening inning and Katlyn Gleich reached on a fielding error for runners at first and second. Brown then reached on an error to load the bases for the Bears and a single to left field by Koch drove in the first run. Duncan's sac fly to left field scored home Gleich and Katie Wolsefer reached on a fielder's choice but one more run would score on the play.
A five-run second inning secured the lead for Shawnee State as Saunders singled to start the lineup off again. A bunt single by Gleich advanced Saunders to scoring position and an RBI single by Brown scored in Saunders. Duncan singled to left field plating Gleich and an RBI single by Riley scored in Brown and Duncan scored on a fielding error. Riley came home off a single by Wolsefer to put SSU ahead, 8-0.
Montgomery hit her sixth homer of the year in the bottom of the second inning to center field to pull the squad with seven, 8-1. In the third inning the Bears scored a solo run as Saunders started the lineup off again with a single to right field. A one-run double by Koch brought across Saunders on the play putting the Bears ahead 9-1.
Woodring singled up the middle in the fifth and a two-out RBI single by Hernandez brings home Woodring on the play and cut the deficit to 9-2. The squad held off the Bears in the top of the sixth and scored two more in the bottom of the inning. Back-to-back singles by Dunn and Wilson placed runners at first and second. Tomaselli singles to load the bases for the Phoenix and a two-run single for Prichard drove in Wilson and pinch runner Abatti.
A four-run seventh inning for SSU gave them a 13-4 advantage as Bevington and Saunders both singled to start the inning off. A sacrifice bunt by Gleich advanced both base runners to scoring position and Brown then walked. With bases loaded Koch singled to center field and Bevington scored on the play. Three walks for the Bears scored their final three runs of the inning.
CU tried to come back in the bottom of the inning with single to center field by Imani Torregano and stole second. Courtney Miles followed with a single to left field and a two-run double by Dunn plated both baserunners for the 13-6 deficit.
SSU plated a solo run in the first inning as Saunders singled to start the game off and stole second, advancing all the way to third on a throwing error. Brown's RBI single to right center drove in Saunders.
Graham got on base in the bottom of the inning with a single and advanced to second on a wild pitch. Torregano walked and Hernandez reached on a fielder's choice to load the bases. Back-to-back singles for the Phoenix with two outs drove in their first two runs for the lead, 2-1.
A single by Kayala Hoppenjans sparked a four-run second inning for the squad and Woodring then reached on an error. Graham's two-run single scored in both Hoppenjans and Woodring as Dunn singled up the middle to drive home Torregano who reached on an error to pull ahead 6-1.
SSU made a comeback scoring six runs to take their first lead of the game in the third. Saunders and Gleich both hit a single with one out and Brown's single plated Saunders. Koch ripped a two-run double to left field and Bevington singled to score in Koch. Wolsefer then reached on an error and both Bevington and Melvins came home on the play for the 7-6 lead.
Cumberland scored one run in the sixth to tie the game at seven, as Torregano reached on a fielding error and a sac bunt advanced her to scoring position. Dunn's RBI single up the middle tied the game for the squad, helping Torregano come home on the play.
In the top of the seventh Shawnee State's Gleich reached on an error and Brown drew a walk for runners at first and second. Koch's single up the middle was all they needed as Gleich came across for the 8-7 victory.
INDIANAPOLIS (WISH) — The Marion County Sheriff's Office is looking for a woman who escaped from arrest on Sunday.
Shelia Martin, 26, was arrested Dec. 31 on possession of cocaine and theft and was being held at the Arrestee Processing Center on E. Market Street.
Martin also has a warrant for arrest out of Hendricks County for theft.
The Marion County Sheriff's Office Warrant Teams continued to search for Martin Monday afternoon.
This investigation is ongoing.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Google
Email
Print
More
Pinterest
Like this: Like Loading...
NORTH TOPSAIL BEACH, N.C. (WNCT)— After a previous controversial decision to not support Marsy's Law, the new North Topsail Beach Board of Aldermen voted last week in the law's support.
The law seeks to codify the rights of violent crime victims in the state constitution. The new board voted 4-1 to pass a resolution of support. It had previously been the only town in the state to fail to do so, which angered some residents.
“We restored our reputation as a town,” Charlie Meyers, North Topsail Beach resident, said. “It's a good town. Once we got a government that was representative of that as we did in the election, I knew that they would do the right thing and they did.”
Alderman Richard Peters, who was re-elected, supported the resolution from the beginning. He says he's glad to have other board members who see the importance of the law.
“In so doing, I hope we've removed the stigma that was associated with our town of North Topsail Beach being the only town that so far had not passed this referendum,” Peters said.
Supporters of the law hope the N.C. Senate will take up the issue in its January session.
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
By Jen Sidorova, February 2 2018 —
The life story of Molly Bloom, femme fatale and poker princess, combined with a screenplay written by the Oscar-winning Aaron Sorkin, is a cinematic royal flush — proven by its 2018 Oscar nomination for Best Adapted Screenplay.
Bloom, a former United States Olympic skier, garnered serious fame following a Supreme Court case related to her elite undercover poker ring. The drugs, alcohol and scandalous appearances by movie stars in Bloom's luxury poker rooms — a combination of glitter, glamour and danger — was perfect for a Hollywood criminal drama à la American Hustle and Casino.
Sorkin, who wrote brilliant screenplays for Moneyball and Social Network, sits in the director's chair. There's obvious influence from Social Network director David Fincher in Molly's Game. Sorkin adopts features of Fincher's directing style. As a result, some events in Molly's Game are shot in rapid succession akin to a music video.
It is understandable why Sorkin adopted this approach. With the oversaturation of content through news feeds and social media, people receive over-simplified information at a rapid pace. When Molly's Game explains the rules of poker in a quick, snappy manner, it feels like scrolling through a web page on a smartphone. By making smart use of society's gadget addiction, Sorkin cleverly maintains audience attention.
The casting of Jessica Chastain as Bloom, however, almost spoils the reality of Molly's Game. The real Bloom doesn't have Chastain's charisma and charm. Despite a Kardashian-like presentation, Chastain's character is supposed to be both weak and strong at the same time — a goodie-two-shoes under the mask of a predator. The poker business may bring high profits, but it kills genuinity.
By the end of Molly's Game, Bloom is not a badass crime boss. Struggling with addiction, she's just a woman who realizes far too late that she doesn't need violence or wealth to be loved.
Comments
Daisy McCrackin and Joesph Capone were the victims of a violent, drug-fuelled kidnap and ransom gang. Picture: Supplied
Daisy McCrackin and Joesph Capone were the victims of a violent, drug-fuelled kidnap and ransom gang. Picture: Supplied
TWO Hollywood actors were kidnapped and held for ransom by a violent meth-fuelled gang for almost three days, it has been revealed.
Daisy McCrackin of 2002's Halloween: Resurrection fame and fellow performer Joseph Capone were lucky to have survived the ordeal, the details of which were made public for the first time today.
Keith Andre Stewart, Johntae Jones and Amber Neal were arrested in Los Angeles this week in a series of dramatic operations by heavily armed police.
Neal's arrest on Monday by Los Angeles police was captured on bystander video and had been viewed more than 2.4 million times on Twitter.
They were collectively charged with 17 criminal charges including kidnapping, assault with a firearm, grand theft, mayhem, conspiracy and possession for sale of methamphetamine, according to a grand jury indictment that was unsealed earlier today in Los Angeles County Superior Court.
According to California's penal code, mayhem is when a person "unlawfully and maliciously deprives a human being of a member of his body, or disables, disfigures, or renders it useless, or cuts or disables the tongue, or puts out an eye, or slits the nose, ear, or lip".
Daisy McCrackin starred in Halloween and Resurrection. Picture: Supplied
Jones and Stewart face additional weapons-related charges while police allege that Stewart inflicted great bodily injury on the Mr Capone.
Court documents allege Stewart, Jones, and Neal gained entry into Ms McCrackin's South Los Angeles home on May 3.
Stewart allegedly pistol-whipped Mr Capone before his co-accused placed black hoods over the victims' heads and drove them to Jones' home in Compton.
Once there, the defendants allegedly stripped Mr Capone naked and held him without food in a bathtub for 30 hours, the indictment says.
Daisy McCrackin (centre) starred in Halloween: Resurrectio n. Picture: Supplied
Meanwhile, Jones and Neal are accused of taking Ms McCrackin's vehicle, a 2011 red Lexus, and driving her to multiple bank locations while demanding she provide at least $US10,000 ($AU13,500) to them for Mr Capone's release.
Ms McCrackin was allegedly forced to write a cheque to Neal, who deposited the money into her account, according to court documents.
Later on May 4, the defendants took the actress back to her home, where she was able to escape and alert police.
Stewart and Jones face a maximum possible sentence of life in state prison without the possibility of parole if convicted as charged. Neal faces up to life in prison.
Bail for Jones and Neal was set at $US1 million ($AU1.3 million), and Stewart's bail was $US2.08 million ($AU2.8million).
The trio is expected to face court on July 23 for a pre-trial hearing.
Spags sticking with Eli Manning on Sunday against the Eagles
hello
New York Giants fans hold up a sign for New York Giants quarterback Eli Manning (10) during the first quarter of an NFL football game against the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Dec. 10, 2017, in East Rutherford, N.J. Associated Press
New York Giants quarterback Eli Manning (10) throws under pressure from Dallas Cowboys defensive end Tyrone Crawford (98) during the second quarter of an NFL football game, Sunday, Dec. 10, 2017, in East Rutherford, N.J. Associated Press
New York Giants cornerback Dominique Rodgers-Cromartie (41) motions after Dallas Cowboys kicker Dan Bailey (5) missed a field goal during the third quarter of an NFL football game, Sunday, Dec. 10, 2017, in East Rutherford, N.J. Associated Press
New York Giants interim head coach Steve Spagnuolo watches play from the sidelines during the third quarter of an NFL football game against the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Dec. 10, 2017, in East Rutherford, N.J. Associated Press
Dallas Cowboys running back Rod Smith (45) runs for a touchdown against the New York Giants during the fourth quarter of an NFL football game, Sunday, Dec. 10, 2017, in East Rutherford, N.J. The Cowboys won 30-10. Associated Press
New York Giants interim head coach Steve Spagnuolo walks off the field after an NFL football game against the Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, Dec. 10, 2017, in East Rutherford, N.J. The Cowboys won 30-10. Associated Press
New York Giants wide receiver Roger Lewis (18) tries to avoid Dallas Cowboys cornerback Jourdan Lewis (27) during the fourth quarter of an NFL football game, Sunday, Dec. 10, 2017, in East Rutherford, N.J. The Cowboys won 30-10. Associated Press
EAST RUTHERFOR, N.J. -- The New York Giants are sticking with Eli Manning.
A day after saying he wasn't sure who would start against the NFC East champion Philadelphia Eagles, interim coach Steve Spagnuolo on Monday left no doubt that the two-time Super Bowl MVP would be his quarterback Sunday at MetLife Stadium.
Spagnuolo was not sure whether Manning also would start the final two games, against Arizona and Washington. The Giants (2-11) might want to see what rookie Davis Webb can do; the third-round draft pick has not played this season.
"Right now I'm talking about I'm on the week by week and let's win the next game," Spagnuolo said. "To beat the Philadelphia Eagles right now, Eli Manning is the starting quarterback, and I don't feel that changing, but I don't know what next week is going to bring."
Manning returned to the starting lineup on Sunday and hit 31 of 46 passes for 228 yards and a touchdown in a 30-10 loss to the Dallas Cowboys. He threw two late interceptions in a game that was tied 10-10 halfway through the fourth quarter. Both came after the Cowboys opened a 23-10 lead.
"I thought Eli played really good football, real solid," Spagnuolo said. "Watched the film. Got us in and out of some things that probably only he can do because he's pretty special that way. I'm sure he'll tell you there's a couple of throws he would like back, and that's probably true of any game."
Manning said he always wants to play.
"Always want to be out there and go see if we can go get a win," said the 36-year-old QB who saw his streak of 210 consecutive starts snapped on Dec. 3 when he was benched by former coach Ben McAdoo against the Raiders in Oakland. The loss dropped the Giants to 2-10, and McAdoo and general manager Jerry Reese were fired the next day. Spagnuolo was elevated from defensive coordinator to interim coach.
Sunday was his first game running a team since being fired as St. Louis Rams coach in 2011, and he was extremely disappointed.
"Felt like we played 52 minutes of pretty good team football, and there's enough mistakes in there, but certainly well enough to win," he said. "We're in a 10-10 game with a division opponent and it's a dogfight, and then all of the sudden, it turned real quickly on us and it was tough to rebound."
The Cowboys (7-6) scored three touchdowns in less than five minutes to stay in the playoff race. It was big-play football, something the Giants have lacked since losing receiver Odell Beckham Jr. in Week 5 against the Chargers.
"I thought yesterday we had a good game plan, getting the ball out fast, finding completions," Manning said. "We're not getting many explosive plays, but we've got to find ways to make the plays that are there. If we get to third-and-manageable, we've got to make some throws, make some catches, just do some of those things right."
Spagnuolo was not sure Webb would get a chance to play. He said he needs to talk to the offensive coaches before making a decision on that. He also said Webb is one of the hardest workers on the team.
Manning said he talks about the offense all the time with backup Geno Smith and with Webb. However, he admits that a quarterback has to play to find out what he can do.
"I think you always think you're ready, you think you kind of have the answers until you're out there and you've got to make some decisions," Manning said. " 'Hey, are you going to make this check; hey, I think this blitz is coming; but are you sure and do you know how to pick it up, or do you know how to have answers, or what your assignments are, or what you're going to do under a certain situation, where are your check-downs? So, there's a lot to learn, and honestly I believe the best way to do it is through experience and to get out there."
NOTES: First-year receiver Darius Powe had two receptions for 13 yards in his NFL debut. He also broke his foot in the first half, yet finished the game. He joined Beckham, Brandon Marshall, Dwayne Harris, Kevin Norwood and Keeon Johnson as receivers on injured reserve. ... S Landon Collins was out of his boot (left foot) but Spagnuolo was not sure he would be ready for Sunday. ... OT Justin Pugh is going to get a second opinion on his injured back on Wednesday. ... DT Khyri Thornton, who was signed on Nov. 29 and was never active for a game, was waived. ... The Broncos signed TE Matt LaCosse off the Giants' practice squad. LaCosse played in three games this season but did not have a reception. The Giants terminated the practice squad contract of LB Trevor Bates.
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and -http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
Get the Better newsletter.
Approximately 133 billion pounds of food — or $161 billion worth of food — is wasted each year in the United States.
You may not think you personally are having much of an impact, but take a closer look at your garbage: orange peels, broccoli stalks, the carcass of the rotisserie chicken you bought for dinner. Yes, all of those things count.
You already know that excess food can be donated to a local food bank (use the tool at Feeding America to find a pantry near you). But what about making use of all of those food scraps that end up in the trash? Composting is an obvious and great place to start. But it turns out you can use scraps — like those citrus peels, melon rinds and cauliflower stems you'd normally toss — to whip up delightfully unique and nutritious recipes. These tips will help you waste less of the foods you cook with and lower your grocery bill, too.
Add pulp to muffins
“When squeezing juice in my juicer, I add the pulp to homemade muffins to boost the fiber and natural sweetness,” says Abbey Sharp, RD, a dietitian in Toronto and author of the The Mindful Glow Cookbook. Here's how to do it: Add 1 cup of pulp per 1 ½ cups of flour to your favorite muffin recipe.
Baked Veggie Nuggets Create Kids Club
Don't forget the stalks
You can do so much with broccoli and cauliflower stalks. “We cut off the stalks and slice them into chips for crudité,” say Tammy Lakatos Shames, RDN, CFT and Lyssie Lakatos, RDN, CFT, co-authors of The Nutrition Twins' Veggie Cure. “The stalks contain more fiber than the florets, so they make a delicious, crunchy and creative alternative to traditional veggies for dipping.” Some more ideas: Spiralize them into noodles, shred them into a slaw or process them into veggie nuggets.
Make use of melon rind
You might think that the fruit of the watermelon is the best part. But the rind is totally edible and packs a nutritious punch, delivering immunity-helping vitamin C and other nutrients. “Use the rind by cutting it into chunks or shredding it and adding to stir fries,” suggests Holley Grainger, MS, RD, a dietitian in Birmingham, Alabama. You can also eat it as is or pickle it for later use (pickled rinds add an unexpected zing to salads!).
Blend fruit scraps into smoothies
“I like to make smoothie bags using fruit scraps,” says Frances Largeman-Roth, RDN, a dietitian in Brooklyn, New York, and author of Eating in Color. “For example, if I'm cutting up a pineapple or melon for a fruit salad, there are always some odd bits left over. I'll throw these into a freezer bag, which locks in the fruit's nutrients, and add a banana and some greens and pop it in the freezer.” When it's smoothie time, toss the contents of the bag into a high-speed blender, and add nut butter and milk or juice. “Voila!” says Largeman-Roth. “Food waste is reduced, and my healthy smoothie work is already done for me.”
Bake with near-spoiled fruits
Vegan Chocolate Pudding Amy Gorin Nutrition
“I'm an avid baker, and I often lean on the fruits in my fridge that are past their prime to toss into breads, cakes, muffins and more,” says Regan Jones, RD, a podcaster and blogger at This Unmillennial Life. “Citrus does an especially nice job of livening up baked goods. And even choices like berries can make a fun addition to a pan of brownies.” Brown bananas are more sugary than their fresher counterparts and also do a great job of naturally sweetening desserts, such as a vegan chocolate pudding.
Turn bruised apples into a compote
We've all crossed paths with an apple that looks like it isn't worth eating. But think twice before you toss it. “Apples never get wasted at my house,” says Jones, who advises chopping up any part that isn't badly bruised and tossing with a pinch of cinnamon and the slightest bit of brown sugar. “Then add a little water, and simmer in a saucepan until thick,” she says. “You've got a warm fruit topping for oatmeal or the perfect side to grilled meat.” You can also make a mean applesauce with bruised apples.
Add citrus peels to everything
Snacking on an orange or slicing a lemon to flavor water? Zest the peels. If you don't have an immediate use for citrus zest, store it in the freezer in a zip-top bag. “Rather than tossing citrus peels, we use them in smoothies and grated over salads and on sandwiches and cooked grains for a refreshing zest that packs in antioxidants and fiber,” say Lakatos Shames and Lakatos. You can also process zest into a fruit-based “nice cream” or use it to top off a yogurt or cottage cheese parfait. The peels contain a lot of nutrients, from vitamin C to disease-fighting phytochemicals, shows a study by researchers in India.
Homemade chicken broth Living Well Kitchen
Turn chicken carcass into soup
“Rotisserie chickens have been darlings of the prepared-food scene for years,” says Robin Plotkin, RDN, a culinary nutritionist in Dallas, Texas. “So many people throw out the carcass. Don't. That's the beautiful beginning of a delicious, flavorful homemade chicken soup.” Making such a soup is much easier than you'd think: Fill a stockpot with water, the carcass, carrots, celery, onions, parsley, salt and black pepper, advises Plotkin. “Bubble away for a few hours, and the flavor imparted from the bones is better than any store-bought broth,” Want precise instructions? Try this homemade chicken broth recipe.
Save the stems
“There's nothing wrong with the outer layer of cabbages, lettuces and even cauliflower leaves and carrot skin,” says Plotkin. “Same thing goes for stems of herbs, kale and chard. The same vitamins, minerals and fiber you find in the hearts of these veggies can be found in their leaves, stem and stalks.” Sautee up some of those greens, grill them or shred them into slaws or salads. Herb stems make a tasty compound butter.
WHAT A NUTRITIONIST WANTS YOU TO KNOW
Want more tips like these? NBC News BETTER is obsessed with finding easier, healthier and smarter ways to live. Sign up for our newsletter and follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
2:29
Trump criticizes hatred 'on many sides' after Charlottesville violence
2:24
White supremacy protests in Charlottesville, Va., devolve into a chaotic day of violence
0:45
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
DUBAI: Six Sri Lankan men, who formed a gang that targeted villas and rob jewelry and valuables and cash, were each sentenced to five years in jail.
The six men, aged between 26 and 40, were found guilty by the Court of First Instance of robbery at night with the use of sharp tools, damage of private property and trespass.
The six accused, including five unemployed and a driver, damaged a safe in the complainant's villa in addition to four bedroom doors.
The court ordered that the six be deported after serving their jail terms.
The present case dates back December 11, 2015, and was registered with Al Barsha police.
A police lieutenant said he was part of the police task force that arrested four of the accused as they were about to flee the country through the Dubai International Airport.
“We received reliable information that the defendants were involved in several robbery incidents. After we apprehended them and seized their luggage we realized they could only speak their own language. We took them to the CID where we interrogated them with the help of an interpreter. We searched their baggage in front of them and found a large quantity of jewelry and valuables hidden in date boxes,” the lieutenant told the prosecutor.
“They admitted they had stolen from various houses across Dubai. They said they followed instructions from the first accused. They used to drop leaflets on residential villas doors and come back two days later to see whether they were removed. That was how they would make sure the residents were away”.
The accused led the police to the villas they had targeted. Their plan was to smuggle the stolen jewelry out of the UAE and then split it among each other.
Another police sergeant said one of the gang was arrested in Sharjah. “He was referred to Dubai police after he admitted that he targeted and robbed together with others villas in Dubai,” the officer said.
Sharp tools used in the break-in and robbery were seized from the place of one of the defendants.
The accused may appeal the ruling within 15 days.
(Khaleej Times)
Join the crane count
hello
A training workshop for the annual crane count will be 1 to 2 p.m. Sunday, March 24 at Volo Bog State Natural Area, 28478 W. Brandenburg Road, Ingleside. On April 14, from 5:30 to 7:30 a.m., volunteers in McHenry and Lake counties join others in six Midwest states for the count. Data, including details of the cranes' behaviors, is used by the International Crane Foundation and other scientists. Training is open to adults and youths aged 15 and up. New crane counters must attend the training workshop. Email dnr.volobog@illinois.gov or call (815) 344-1294.
5:48 Dave Barry's 2016 Holiday Gift Guide Pause
1:20 The United States of Powerball
1:28 The day Cassius Clay and The Beatles shared the ring
57:11 Dave Barry and Carl Hiaasen talk politics, Florida and a presidential bid at the Miracle Theatre
5:16 Finding Answers in a Ship Full of Migrants' Bodies
1:38 Dave Barry goes searching for protesters on the campaign trail
2:27 Dave Barry discovers something other than fish in the ocean off Rio
0:47 Dolphins CB Lippet talks about hit that sidelined him
1:17 Adam Gase discusses Dolphins loss against the Patriots
Photo: Anthony Behar / Sipa / USA Today
By Scott T. Sterling
Jeezy is set to warm up the winter with the 2018 Cold Summer Tour.
Related: Jeezy and Puffy Daddy Rule Miami in ‘Bottles Up' Video
The 6-week, 31-city U.S. tour with special guest Tee Grizzley launches in Anaheim, CA on February 7 at the House of Blues.
The Cold Summer Tour exclusive 48-hour ticket pre-sale at Jeezy's website base will take place Tuesday, December 12 -Thursday, December 14th and are available here.
The tour will be in support of the rapper's new album, Pressure, which is due to debut on Dec. 15.
See the full itinerary below.
2/7 – Anaheim, CA @ House of Blues Anaheim
2/8 – Las Vegas, NV @ House of Blues Las Vegas
2/9 – Los Angeles, CA @ Belasco Theatre
2/11 – Sacramento, CA @ Ace of Spades
2/15 – Denver, CO @ Summit Music Hall
2/16 – Kansas City, MO @ Uptown Theater
2/18 – Minneapolis, MN @ Music Hall of Minneapolis
2/21 – Chicago, IL @ House of Blues Chicago
2/22 – Milwaukee, WI @ The Rave
2/23 – Indianapolis, IN @ Egyptian Room at Old National Centre
2/24 – Detroit, MI @ The Fillmore Detroit
2/25 – Grand Rapids, MI @ 20 Monroe Live
2/26 – Cleveland, OH @ House of Blues Cleveland
2/28 – Boston, MA @ House of Blues Boston
3/1 – Providence, RI @ The Strand
3/2 – New York, NY @ Playstation Theater
3/3 – Philadelphia, PA @ The Fillmore Philadelphia
3/4 – Washington DC @ The Fillmore Silver Spring
3/6 – Norfolk, VA @ The NorVa
3/7 – Raleigh, NC @ The Ritz
3/8 – Myrtle Beach, SC @ House of Blues Myrtle Beach
3/9 – Nashville, TN @ War Memorial Auditorium
3/10 – Atlanta, GA @ Tabernacle
3/11 – Charlotte, NC @ The Fillmore Charlotte
3/15 – Shreveport, LA @ Shreveport Municipal Memorial Auditorium
3/16 – Memphis, TN @ Minglewood Hall
3/17 – New Orleans, LA @ House of Blues New Orleans
3/20 – Dallas, TX @ House of Blues Dallas
3/21 – San Antonio, TX @ Aztec Theatre
3/22 – Houston, TX @ House of Blues Houston
3/23 – Tulsa, OK @ Cain's Ballroom
Never miss a tour date from Jeezy with Eventful.
Susan Sarandon's actress daughter Eva Amurri Martino had a heartbreaking end to 2016 after a nurse dropped her son Major on his head and fractured his skull.
The Saved star has detailed the horror following the accident in a post on her HappilyEvaAfter website, revealing it happened at the end of November.
A nurse hired to look after the three-month-old and his two-year-old sister Marlowe Mae overnight fell asleep while holding Major and dropped him on his head.
Amurri Martino and her husband Kyle Martino were awoken by the thud of their son hitting the hardwood floor and his “hysterical piercing screams.”
Happy New Beginnings! â¨â¤ðð¼ A very honest letter I wrote about some personal struggles is on my blog today. https://t.co/zg9JiMNkjA pic.twitter.com/9M9SNS2dRa — Eva Amurri Martino (@TheHappilyEva) January 1, 2017
“He suffered a fractured skull and bleeding on his brain, and was transported by ambulance to Yale Medical Center where I spent two harrowing days with him to receive emergency care and further testing,” the actress reveals. “To say these were the most traumatic and anxious two days of my life is an understatement.”
But little Major survived the scare and has been “healing well” and “hitting milestones.”
His relieved mum reveals he is “cooing, smiling, and generally showing us that he is and will be ok as he grows and develops.”
Amurri Martino admits she waited a month to open up about the scare because she feared people would frown on the idea of her hiring a night nurse to take care of her kids when she was asleep.
“Let me tell you, the guilt I bore in the days and weeks after this accident was more intense and more damaging than anything I would wish upon my worst enemy,” she writes. “I wept in the hospital, telling anyone who would listen that it should have been me. That I was to blame.
“Even though I finally made peace with the fact that this freak accident could not have been avoided by me, it has continued to effect me to my core and in all aspects of my daily life.”
“It's nearly impossible for me to trust anyone but myself to take care of Major now,” she added. “Hearing Major cry hard immediately triggers my memories of the moments after the accident and instigates an immediate panic attack - my heart races and tears spring to my eyes.”
And now Amurri Martino is a mum on the edge during trips to the park with her daughter - something she realized during a recent day out when little Marlowe fell over and started crying.
“Within ten minutes she was totally fine and normal - but I stood there while Kyle held me, sobbing and shaking, while my scared two-year-old watched,” she wrote. “I think I need to take some things off of my plate. It's time to really face this all and find a solution.”
The actress is now seeking help from a therapist to help her combat “some form of Post Traumatic Stress Disorder, possibly linked to some form of Postpartum Depression.”
The fiery Warriors-Cavaliers match-up returns Thursday, May 31, for another best-of-seven NBA finale. Sure, you can watch the games quietly from your couch — or you can join other boisterous members of Dub Nation at one of the Bay Area's watering holes or sports bars. (There's even a movie theater getting in on the action!)
Remember, every time a Curry-Thompson-Durant three-pointer swishes through the net you get to pick up a chicken wing and take another bite.
Here's a selection of viewing options:
Berkeley
Pappy's, the sports bar named after legendary Cal football coach Pappy Waldorf, boasts the largest hi-def projection screen in the East Bay — 205 inches — and plenty of student fans packed into 8,500 square feet of space. 2367 Telegraph Ave.; 510-405-1000; www.pappysontelegraph.com.
Concord
Where but Legends can you hit the links in the morning, then settle in for the game? These sports grill, located on the Diablo Creek Golf Course, offers 25 TVs and food/drink specials. Call 925-687-4111 for reservations; 4050 Port Chicago Highway; www.legendsdiablocreekbeta.com
For more food and drink coverage
follow us on Flipboard.
Los Gatos
With Double D's still under construction, your best bets may be the Loma Brewing Co. on North Santa Cruz Avenue and Flights on Los Gatos-Saratoga Road (which has sister bars in Campbell and Burlingame). Neither place is loaded with TVs the way a sports bar would be, but you're only watching one, right? Check 'em out at www.flightsrestaurants.com and www.lomabrew.com.
Oakland
The newest Dubs fan destination is The Athletic Club, a mega-sports bar that recently opened in the Uptown neighborhood. It's chock-a-block with TVs and cool sports touches: Walls are lined with wood from old gym bleachers and a trophy case dominates the main room. Wash down your burger or nachos (or vegan cauliflower “wings”) with Line 51's Dub Nation IPA. Because it's a new draw, you'll want to arrive early to snag a table. (Here's a peek inside.) 59 Grand Ave., Oakland. www.theacoakland.com.
Again this year, the New Parkway theater is hosting a big-screen viewing party for every game of the NBA final. And they're doing it with a cheeky themed menu of Curry Chicken, Draymond Greens and Run TMC mac-and-cheese. (If you have to ask who TMC is, you'd better give up that coveted seat to a Warriors diehard.) Advance purchase of tickets, $13-$15, is a must (http://warriors.thenewparkway.com), as sell-outs are expected. 474 24th St., Oakland.
Palo Alto
If you're in Palo Alto, you might want to check out the Old Pro with its 24 TVs. Where else can you get a plate of prawn corn dogs with a blueberry honey-mustard dip or a locally raised, grass-fed burger on a brioche bun with some secret sauce all while chugging down a Bud Light? To be fair, the Old Pro has a great selection of craft brews and a full bar, but it's still got that college town feel. 541 Ramona St. www.oldpropa.com.
Pleasanton
At the Pick 6 Sports Lounge the regular Thursday specials will be in effect for Game One. Look for $2 sliders, $5 John Dalys, $5 Deep Eddy shots and $4 Fireballs all night long. 4825 Hopyard Road; 925-416-0606; www.pick6lounge.com.
San Leandro
Ricky's, the home of the Raider Nation, naturally packs for the place for the Dubs too. With 90 TV screens, everyone gets a good view. 15028 Hesperian Blvd.; 510-352-0200; www.rickys.com.
San Jose
Yard House at Santana Row has a huge bar with an even bigger tap list at San Jose's swankiest shopping center. There are enough TVs in the place to make sure you can see LeBron glare from wherever you're sitting. 300 Santana Row. 408-241-9273; www.yardhouse.com.
Rookie Sports Lodge will be entertaining fans at both its more rustic Willow Glen location and its sleeker downtown San Jose restaurant. Each has more than two dozen TVs. 1535 Meridian Ave. (408-445-2121) and 99 S. First St. (408-292-4300). www.rookieslodge.com.
In the SoFA District, the Blue Chip has more than two dozen TVs, a full bar and a menu of comfort food items — including 15 different variations on the cheese steak. 325 S. First St.; 408-971-2898; www.thebluechipultra.com.
Britannia Arms has been a South Bay sports magnet for 30 years, and both the downtown and South San Jose locations should be hopping for the games. Pub grub rhymes so nicely with Dub! 173 W. Santa Clara St.; 408-278-1400; www.britanniaarmsdowntown.com. 5027 Almaden Expwy.; 408-266-0550; britanniaarms.com.
San Mateo / San Carlos
On the Peninsula, you'll find kindred spirits at the sports memorabilia-filled Sneakers Pub & Grill in San Carlos — which has a full restaurant menu — and the 3rd Avenue Sports Bar & Grill in San Mateo. The former is at 650 Laurel St. (www.sneakerpub.com); the latter is at 78 E. Third Ave. (www.3rd-ave-sports-bar-grill.business.site).
Santa Clara
The Halford may be the only sports bar in the Bay Area likely to get chef Ayesha Curry's seal of approval. On the menu are Wagyu burgers, roasted beef marrow bones, deviled eggs with black truffles and salads that feature watermelon radishes and goat cheese mousse. And yes, they have the obligatory wings and what-not, plus 71 artisan beers on tap. Reserve a table ahead of time via Facebook or Yelp. 1494 Halford Ave., Santa Clara; www.thehalford.com.
Sunnyvale
FireHouse Grill & Brewery brews its ales and stout onsite and serves them up with a menu of pastas, ribs, burgers, grilled fish and steaks. Reservations: 408-773-9500. 111 S. Murphy Ave.; firehousegrill.com.
Walnut Creek
MoMo's is the East Bay counterpart of San Francisco's ballpark neighborhood fave, so expect a lively crowd here on game nights. You can class up your viewing party with oysters, mussels or petrale sole and a choice from the long wine list, or go old-school. Either way, reservations wouldn't be a bad idea. 1444 N. California Blvd., Walnut Creek; www.momoswc.com.
For more food and drink coverage
follow us on Flipboard.
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Banks' unsecured loan book has grown four times the bank credit during the past three years, helped by a rise in discretionary spending, technology-driven disbursements and lower interest rates, says a report.
Unsecured loans are the loans where individual exposures are smaller and more distributed and given without any collaterals but banks get higher margins. Typically personal loan, education loans and credit card spends fall under this category of loans.
“Between fiscals 2015 and 2018, unsecured credit – comprising personal, small and medium enterprise (SME), and credit card loans – clocked a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 27 per cent, or almost four times growth in bank credit,” Crisil said in a report.
As of March 2018, outstanding unsecured loans stood at around Rs 5 trillion, accounting for 26 per cent of retail lending, compared to 21 per cent three years ago.
Growth in unsecured loans is on account of a surge in discretionary spending, increased availability of customer data, faster disbursements driven by technology, and lower interest rates in some segments.
The report said financiers are expected to focus more on this segment due to attractive yields.
Return on assets are 2.5-3 per cent for personal and SME loans, and 3-4 per cent for credit cards, compared to under 2 per cent for home loans and new passenger vehicle loans, it said, adding rising competition has led to lower rates in some segments such as personal loans.
In unsecured SME loans, rates have remained sticky, but average tenure and commissions paid to direct selling agents have increased, it said
The face of American terrorism. James Alex Fields, Jr. A murderer radicalized by the American President. He worships Trump. pic.twitter.com/uvpbclNwGb — Shaun King (@ShaunKing) August 13, 2017
Over the weekend, violence erupted in Charlottesville, Virginia when a man named. from Ohio allegedly smashed a car into a rally, leaving a 32-year-old woman dead and at least 19 other people injured who were protesting a rally started by white supremacists.
So far, here's what we know about the man, who was said to be emboldened by President Trump.
– According to witnesses, Fields rammed a Dodge Challenger through a crowd of protestors, killing 32-year-old Heather Heyer, a Virginia paralegal who was crossing the street. Heyer was among the hundreds of protesters who had gathered in Charlottesville to denounce the presence of the KKK. Police believe this was a deliberate act.
– Fields is 20 years old and was born in Kenton, Kentucky. He was raised by a single mother and, according to teachers, had always exhibited strange behavior.
– When Fields was a freshman in high school, he wrote a pro-nazi paper for class, his former teacher from Randall K. Cooper High School told The Cincinnati Enquirer.
– James Fields was briefly on active duty status with the Army from August 18, 2015 to December 11, 2015. There is no known reason why he left so soon.
Fields Jr. He has been charged with second-degree murder and other counts. He is scheduled to appear in court on Monday.
SOURCE: NYT | IMAGE CREDIT: Getty
Also On 93.9 WKYS:
PISCATAWAY, N.J. (AP) — Vincent Edward spent the early part of the week resting in bed due to an illness, and vomited when No. 3 Purdue arrived in New Jersey. While trainers are unsure if he is dealing with a sinus issue or the flue, it didn't seem to have an effect on his game.
Despite missing the past two days of practice, Edward had 18 points, seven rebounds and eight assists to help the Boilermakers hold on to beat Rutgers 78-76 on Saturday for a school-record 19th straight win.
“Just keep driving and keep pushing. Just try to be out there and be aggressive. Try not to mentally let the physicality of how my body was feeling get to me. Try to be mentally stronger than that,” Edward said of how he was able to play through illness. “Especially when my coaches depend on me to do things for this team and my teammates depend on me to be out there so I'm just trying to give it all for my team.”
Mathis Dakota scored 16 points, Carsen Edwards had 13 and P.J. Thompson added 12 points for Purdue (23-2, 12-0 Big Ten).
Corey Sanders had 31 points and seven rebounds, and Deshawn Freeman added 14 points and nine rebounds for Rutgers (12-13, 2-10), which overcame a 15-point first-half deficit looked poised to pull off an upset at home.
“(Sanders is) a guy that is very streaky. He can really get it going and carry his team. It is just one of those things that you tip your hat to him. He is a good player,” Purdue coach Matt Painter said, adding, “they had a tough loss the other day and that is what I told the guys, ‘they beat Seton Hall here, they've had a sell out before. These guys have pride. They had a bad game last game and they are going to bounce back, fight and compete.'
“I thought physically they took it to us at times. They were very physical and obviously rebounding. I was very impressed with them.”
Freeman's fastbreak dunk cut Purdue's lead to six, forcing Painter to call a timeout with 15:29 to go. However, Matt Bullock corralled a defensive rebound on the ensuing possession and hit Sanders with an outlet pass and he made the fastbreak layup and the foul shot to pull the Scarlet Knights to 46-43.
Rutgers pulled within one on two occasions. Shaquile Doorson had a put-back dunk off of Geo Baker's missed layup to get to 48-47 with 12:28 left, and Freeman had a tip-in on a miss by Sanders to make it 55-54 with 8:06 remaining, However, that was as close as the Scarlet Knights got the rest of the way.
“It's tough when you're getting everybody's best look night in and night out,” Thompson said. “You're not going to win every game by 20, 25 when you're the number one team in the league, No. 3 in the country, on the road you're going to get everybody's tough shot.”
Rutgers took a 3-0 lead on Issa Thiam's 3-pointer. Purdue tied it 29 seconds later after Thiam fouled Thompson on a 3-pointer. Edwards stole the ball and hit a layup on Rutgers' ensuing possession to give the Boilermakers their first lead. They led 38-27 at halftime.
“We have hit a lot of obstacles, they just keep fighting,” Rutgers coach Steve Pikiell said. “Guys stepped up today that haven't played a lot. When you are building a program, you got to go through a lot of stuff. I think (Purdue) is the best team in the country. … If there is a better team inside and out in the country, I haven't seen them yet.”
BIG PICTURE
Purdue: The Boilermakers' winning streak is the longest in the nation and has them atop the conference standings. They'll look to improve their home winning streak to 22 – the third-longest in school history – when they host No. 17 Ohio State. A win would give them a bit of a cushion in what has become a three-team race for the Big Ten title between Purdue, Ohio State and No. 5 Michigan State, Purdue's opponent after Ohio State.
Rutgers: Bruised and battered, Rutgers continues to struggle. With senior captain Mike Williams (ankle) out for the past two weeks and Eugene Omoruyi out for several weeks to recover from a knee injury suffered at Illinois, the undermanned Scarlet Knights fell to below .500 for the first time all season and have now lost five-straight, sitting alone at the bottom of the Big Ten.
MAGIC NUMBER
The Boilermakers' winning streak is due in-part to its efficient offense as they have scored at least 70 points in 17 straight games. Purdue is averaging 84 points per game on the season.
1,000 POINT Clubs
Dakota Mathis became the 52nd player in Purdue history to join the 1,000 point clubs. He now has 1,006 points in his career.
UP NEXT
Purdue: The Boilermakers return home to host No. 17 Ohio State on Wednesday night.
Rutgers: The Scarlet Knights host Indiana on Tuesday night.
The brother of accused Florida school shooter Nikolas Cruz was caught trespassing at Marjory Stoneman Douglas on Monday, according to police.
Zachary Cruz, 18, had been warned to stay away from the high school by faculty and staff, but that didn't stop him from cruising through campus on his skateboard — bypassing locked doors and gates in the process, the Palm Beach Post reports.
The teen allegedly told cops that he went there because he wanted to “reflect on the school shooting and soak it in.”
He was arrested Monday afternoon by deputies from the Broward County Sheriff's Office and charged with trespassing.
Authorities told WPLG that Zachary Cruz was captured on surveillance footage — riding his skateboard onto the Stoneman Douglas campus around 4:30 p.m.
School officials have confirmed the incident, saying there was “no security breach.”
The younger Cruz has no reported connections to Broward County and was said to be living with family friends in Palm Beach County when his brother allegedly went on his shooting spree.
After the Feb. 14 massacre, he was put under a mental-health evaluation following reports that he was suicidal.
“I don't want to be alive. I don't want to deal with this stuff,” Zachary Cruz told investigators, according to the Palm Beach Post.
The teen later insisted that he was fine and didn't want to kill himself.
Nikolas Cruz, 19, has been charged in a 34-count indictment with killing 17 people and wounding 17 others. He is being held without bail and faces the death penalty.
The bright lights and marquees of the Las Vegas Strip are seen in this undated areal image. (File/FOX5)
Las Vegas ranked as the sixth destination city for U-Haul trucks, according to the company. The city maintained its same ranking from last year's list.
The company said Las Vegas saw a five percent year-over-year increase in one-way truck arrivals in 2017.
Mike Vargovich, of U-Haul, said Las Vegas is a family destination, "families are moving here because they understand Las Vegas is a communal city with something for everyone." He added, that the low cost of living, affordable housing and weather has attracted people to the city.
Columbus was ranked as the 10th destination city, followed by Charlotte, Philadelphia, and Austin. The city that took the top spot will be announced on the company's Twitter on May 25.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Twitter's controversial China chief leaves company
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE CONFEDERATE CONTROVERSY Chairman RJ Johnson | 0:56 The citizen advisory committee assigned to make a recommendation about the future of the downtown Shreveport Confederate monument met on Thursday to vote on a resolution that it will forward to the Caddo Parish Commission. (Henrietta Wildsmith/The Times) 1 of 11 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE CONFEDERATE CONTROVERSY Troyce Hendricks walking with the Confederate battle flag | 1:42 The Times noticed Troyce Hendricks walking with the Confederate battle flag in front of Government Plaza before a vote was to be taken about moving the confederate monument in downtown Shreveport. We asked him why he was there. (Henrietta Wildsmith/The Times) 2 of 11 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE CONFEDERATE CONTROVERSY Confederate Monument Meeting 07/18 | 0:52 Another postponement 3 of 11 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE CONFEDERATE CONTROVERSY The future of Caddo's Confederate monument | 3:01 The first of four public hearings meant to gauge public opinion about the Confederate monument at the Caddo Parish Courthouse was held Thursday, the same day a statue of Jefferson Davis was taken down in New Orleans. Wochit 4 of 11 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE CONFEDERATE CONTROVERSY The Caddo Parish Confederate Monument - Listening to the People | 1:48 A collection of thoughts from people who spoke at a meeting of the citizen advisory committee appointed by the Caddo Parish Commission to recommend what to do with the Confederate monument on courthouse grounds in Shreveport. (Henrietta Wildsmith/The Times) 5 of 11 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE CONFEDERATE CONTROVERSY Tempers flare at Confederate monument meeting | 11:16 Sparks fly in brief Confederate monument meeting (Henrietta Wildsmith/The Times) 6 of 11 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE CONFEDERATE CONTROVERSY Watch: Confederate monument support at courthouse | 0:24 Members of the Gulf Coast Patriot Network congregated with Confederate flags to show support for the courthouse monument in downtown Shreveport. (Sarah Crawford/The Times) 7 of 11 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE CONFEDERATE CONTROVERSY Voices Heard - For Monument Removal - Andrew McKevitt | 3:12 Andrew McKevitt at Tuesday evening's meeting about the Caddo Parish Confederate Monument. (Henrietta Wildsmith/The Times) 8 of 11 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE CONFEDERATE CONTROVERSY Voices Heard - For Monument Removal - Carmen Minor | 1:56 Carmen Minor at Tuesday evening's meeting about the Caddo Parish Confederate Monument. (Henrietta Wildsmith/The Times) 9 of 11 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE CONFEDERATE CONTROVERSY Voices Heard - For Monument to Stay - Rita Harris | 2:14 Rita Harris at Tuesday evening's meeting about the Caddo Parish Confederate Monument. (Henrietta Wildsmith/The Times) 10 of 11 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE CONFEDERATE CONTROVERSY Voices Heard - For Monument to Stay - Joe Young | 1:04 Joe Young at Tuesday evening's meeting about the Caddo Parish Confederate Monument. (Henrietta Wildsmith/The Times) 11 of 11 Last VideoNext Video Chairman RJ Johnson
Troyce Hendricks walking with the Confederate battle flag
Confederate Monument Meeting 07/18
The future of Caddo's Confederate monument
The Caddo Parish Confederate Monument - Listening to the People
Tempers flare at Confederate monument meeting
Watch: Confederate monument support at courthouse
Voices Heard - For Monument Removal - Andrew McKevitt
Voices Heard - For Monument Removal - Carmen Minor
Voices Heard - For Monument to Stay - Rita Harris
Voices Heard - For Monument to Stay - Joe Young
Buy Photo The Caddo Parish Confederate Monument in front of the Caddo Parish Courthouse. (Photo: Henrietta Wildsmith/The Times)Buy Photo
A judge heard testimony and arguments Monday in a federal lawsuit challenging removal of the Caddo Parish Confederate Monument but delayed a ruling for up to 30 days.
The hearing before U.S. District Judge Robert G. James was on a request by the Shreveport chapter of the United Daughters of the Confederacy for a preliminary injunction barring removal of the monument on the grounds of the Caddo Parish Courthouse.
The chapter filed suit against the Caddo Parish Commission hours after it voted, 7-5, to move the monument.
If James grants a preliminary injunction, it would stop removal until a full airing of the issues in court and a final resolution by the judge.
The lawsuit named as defendants the commission as a whole and the seven commissioners who voted for removal. Monday, the judge ordered that those seven commissioners be dismissed from the lawsuit.
The hearing was held at the U.S. Courthouse in Monroe because the case was assigned to James and he normally sits for cases there.
The hearing was the first of what could be many in the case. Litigation stalled removal of Confederate monuments in New Orleans for two years after the city council there voted for removal. The monuments were moved in April and May of this year.
The United Daughters of the Confederacy argues that it owns the land near Texas Street on the north side of the courthouse that the monument sits on. It also argues that moving the piece would be too expensive and would cause irreparable damage.
CLOSE A collection of thoughts from people who spoke at a meeting of the citizen advisory committee appointed by the Caddo Parish Commission to recommend what to do with the Confederate monument on courthouse grounds in Shreveport. (Henrietta Wildsmith/The Times)
For Monday's hearing, the organization called on former members of a citizen advisory committee and others associated with the chapter to testify at Monday's hearing. The original witness list included Lynda Gramling, Gary Joiner, William Nichols, Jackie Nichols and Chuck McMichael.
The parish commission appointed the advisory committee in 2016 to recommend what to do with the monument. The committee in August recommended leaving the monument in place and adding new monuments to the Reconstruction Era after the Civil War and the Civil Rights Movement of the 20th Century.
The commission, in voting for removal, rejected the advisory committee's recommendation.
Joiner, a committee member and an expert in the fields of history and cartography, testified that the minutes of the June 18, 1903, Caddo Parish Police Jury state that it gave the United Daughters of the Confederacy $1,000 and a portion of the courthouse square to build a monument.
The police jury agreed to reserve a plat of the square for that purpose, Joiner said, but no paperwork or deed was ever granted to the United Daughters creating a more formal property designation.
Joiner testified that he believes the reservation was meant to be in perpetuity and is still in effect today.
In previous court filings, the commissions' lawyer has said the use of the word "reserve" in the police jury minutes document was intentional.
"That language is not indicative of a conveyance of any kind," a previous commission filing reads.
The commission also alleges in previous filings that documents as far back as 1857 show the parish owns the property.
A point of contention is a portion of the parish website that reads: "On the Texas Street side of the Courthouse Square is the Forty-Six Confederate Veterans Reunion Monument. This monument commemorates the soldiers who lost their lives during the Civil War. A very interesting fact about the land on which this monument sits is that it does not belong to the Commission but to the Daughters of the Confederacy. However, this small piece of land is surrounded by the Courthouse Square. "
Parish Administrator Woodrow Wilson Jr. and Nathan Schlitmier were witnesses on behalf of the Caddo Parish Commission and its individual commissioners. Both testified regarding the parish's website and said they did not alter or direct the contested text in any way.
Schlitmier, information systems director for the parish, said his predecessor entered that text for the site in 2012. Wilson said he did not know if it was original or carried over from a previous version of the website.
Joiner said in an interview after the hearing that the text was about 20 years old and was provided to the parish after research from other local historians.
Dick "Dave" Knadler, a Mansfield attorney representing the United Daughters of the Confederacy, argued that there have been numerous opportunities since 1903 for the status of the property and monument to have been resolved in court.
Retired engineer William Nichols testified that moving the monument would be expensive and difficult. He cited the monument's weight and the length of time Texas Street could be tied up during removal.
A 2015 cost estimate for removing the monument was $298,400 to disassemble and erect it in a new location, and $278,650 to disassemble and move it to storage. The monument weighs 38 to 40 tons, Joiner has said previously.
The United Daughters of the Confederacy also alleges that the commission's vote to remove the monument violated the group's rights to free speech under the U.S. Constitution's First Amendment, to due process under the Fifth Amendment, and to equal treatment under the law in the 14th Amendment.
Parish Attorney Donna Frazier and Assistant Parish Attorney Henry Bernstein represented Caddo Parish at the hearing.
More on this topic
Caddo Confederate monument moving soon? Don't hold your breath
UDC: We had to sue to stop illegal removal of Caddo Confederate monument
UDC to commission: Hands off our Confederate monument
Split Caddo Commission votes to move Confederate monument
Caddo Confederate monument vote could come Oct. 5
Divided Caddo panel picks compromise for Confederate monument
Read or Share this story: http://www.shreveporttimes.com/story/news/2017/12/11/caddo-confederate-monument-subject-court-hearingdaughters-confederacy-caddo-commission-have-day-cour/941438001/
AUSTIN — Police said a “serial bomber” was at work in the Texas capital after the fourth explosion to hit the city since early March ripped through a residential neighborhood Sunday night, seriously injuring two men.
The blasts, which have killed two people and left several injured, are likely linked, said Austin Police Chief Brian Manley. And they have shaken every corner of this booming city — from the wealthy subdivision where Sunday's blast took place, to the working-class black and Hispanic enclaves where a pair of the recent bombs went off.
Police haven't detailed why they think there is a connection, but Manley said they had “seen similarities” in the devices.
Sunday's incident prompted a shift in the investigation. Both victims were white, while those previously killed or injured had been black or Hispanic. The latest bomb also appeared to be more sophisticated and indiscriminate, police said, triggered by a tripwire that could have injured any passerby. The first three involved packages left on doorsteps.
An expanded version of this report appears on WSJ.com.
Also popular on WSJ.com:
The next housing crisis: A historic shortage of new homes.
Uber suspends driverless-car program after pedestrian is killed.
When it comes to fashion sense, Jacqueline Fernandez has always upped the game with her elegant dressing style. The leggy lass recently experimented with multiple variations out of a single outfit at the Dabangg Tour. Off course, the teenage girls couldn't get enough of the Sri Lankan beauty's gorgeousness and seemed to be quite inspired by her.
The Race 3 actress opted for a single outfit by Falguni Shane Peacock and experimented it with multiple variations for all her performance.
Sharing the pictures of all the outfits, Jacqueline took to her social media saying, "One outfit, many ways!! from Falguni Shane Peacock Ayo Henderson #DabanggTour #DabanggReloaded".
Looking at this, many teenage girls got inspired by the style diva and experimented with their outfits too.
These female fans also took to their social media sharing pictures of how they have gone ahead and styled one single outfit with multiple variations. It was quite a fan affair where the girls have tagged Jacqueline and thanked her to be such an inspiration. Check it out here-
Jacqueline has always been an audience favourite be it for her style quotient or her killer dance moves. The actress is currently leaving no stone unturned in treating her fans with stunning performances at the Dabangg Tour.
The actress will be travelling to different countries during her 21 days Dabangg tour schedule.
Meanwhile, Jacqueline Fernandez who is currently basking in the glory of the blockbuster run of Race 3, is witnessing an upward trend on her Instagram, clocks 19.6 M followers. A source revealed, "Jacqueline has been interacting and posting to her fans extensively. Her interaction growth has been in excess of 45 per cent in the past 3 months. That is a phenomenal rise."
On the work front, Jacqueline Fernandez will be next seen in Sushant Singh Rajput's Drive and Salman Khan's Kick 2.
GREENVILLE, N.C. (WNCT) — Violence and protests took center stage in Charlottesville over the weekend following the city's plan to remove a Robert E. Lee statue, and now a petition to remove to PItt County Confederate Soldiers Monument at the Pitt County Courthouse has been posted online.
There are similar statues throughout eastern North Carolina, in towns like Washington, Kinston and New Bern. For some, the statues stand for slavery and hate, while others see them as pieces of history that can be learned from.
Sons of Confederate Veterans member Virgil Byrd studies Confederate history and said there are parts of the Confederate army that are looked over and forgotten, which can create blurred lines when it comes to removing them.
“These monuments represent the common Confederate soldier,” said Byrd. “Just the average guy, which also includes somewhere around 30,000 blacks who fought for Confederacy as well as 1,500 Native Americans.”
Greenville resident Donald Newton said the history Byrd said the statues represent can still be painful.
“It is American history, but in the same breath when you use Confederacy and the flag and try to use it with the KKK, then that's when you got hate,” Newton said.
Those who have signed the petition said they are standing with Charlottesville and those who were injured and killed by white supremacists that marched on the city.
The petition is asking for 500 signatures and organizers plan to present the petition to Pitt County commissioners on August 21.
However, state law requires an act by the General Assembly to remove a monument.
Byrd said he wants to keep history intact.
“It's history and all history is important,” Byrd said. “You have to make sure history is understood, so you don't make the same mistakes.”
But Newton said those mistakes may already have come full circle.
“Everybody got free speech, but like I said, when you start to take symbols of American history and try to mix it in with hate, that's when you have your problems,” said Newton.
Sharon Board members discussed the need for hiring more police officers to fill voids in the city's patrolling schedule, during Thursday night's called meeting.
The board also discussed giving all police officers a pay increase in order to attract applicants.
After weighing the city's higher liability risk that goes with hiring non-certified officers against the need for having an officer available to fill patrol shifts and respond to emergencies, the board voted unanimously to allow the hiring of a non-certified officer, if a certified officer cannot be found.
(See compete story in Dec. 6th issue of the Dresden Enterprise.)
What Beyoncé and J-Lo's Grammy speeches teach communicators
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
This September 9, 2014, file photo shows the Apple Watch displayed during an Apple special event at the Flint Center for the Performing Arts in Cupertino, California.
Apple and Aetna held secret meetings last week to bring Apple's health- and fitness-tracking device, Apple Watch, to Aetna customers, according to three sources who spoke with CNBC.
Aetna, which covers an estimated 23 million people, is negotiating a deal with Apple to either provide the smartwatch for free or at a discounted rate to its members.
Recently, Apple has focused on developing new health sensors for people with chronic disease, according to a CNBC report in April.
Apple Watch recently surpassed Fitbit as the top-selling health-tracking device, after shipments reached an estimated 22 million in early 2017.
Trump Condemns ‘Repugnant' Hate Groups After Va. Violence
The Sensible Sentencing Trust says the 'Three Strikes' law is the only law to have reduced serious offending. This follows Minister of Justice Andrew Little's recent announcement of a proposal that will be put forward to Cabinet to repeal the legislation.
The Sensible Sentencing Trust (SST) say they're opposed to Justice Minister Andrew Little's moves to scrap the law.
SST Founder Garth McVicar says, "As far as we're concerned three strikes is working incredibly well, there's been a 34% reduction with offending with the category of offender that gets a strike offence."
Plans to scrap the law were first announced last year.
"The three strikes law isn't working. It's been on the statute books for eight years now; actually serious offending rates have gone up, our prison population is going up."
The minister is pushing for inmates sentenced for less than two years to be served home detention. The overhaul is part of Labour's effort to curb New Zealand's growing prison population which sits just under 11,000 and is reported to increase by 2000 within the next decade.
McVicar says, "At present, the typical inmate has 46 prior convictions, so who are we going to let out of prison when we get [rid of] three strikes are we going to let the recidivist offender out? It appears we are and that's scary to me."
The Act Party, who established the law says repealing it would send the wrong message to offenders.
In a statement to Te Kāea Act leader David Seymour says, "The Justice Minister's suggestion that the law is contributing to prison overcrowding is also incorrect. Only a handful of inmates are on second and third strikes."
Te Kāea contacted Little for comment but he was unavailable. It has been reported that a proposal to repeal the law will be put to Cabinet within the next fortnight.
Check Also
Many economists may have underestimated the role of improvements to the supply side of the …
Ivan Romero, a City of Miami outreach program staff member, tries to convince a couple of homeless people at Bayside to go to a shelter as hurricane Irma bears down on South Florida in 2017. PEDRO PORTAL pportal@miamiherald.com
An unplanned outage left more than 2,400 residents without power in parts of Lakeside Wednesday.
San Diego Gas & Electric (SDG&E) said a power outage struck just before 1 p.m., impacting 2,427 customers in parts of communities like Lakeside, Winter Gardens, Bostonia, Lakeview, and Glenview.
SDG&E crews said the outage stemmed from the company's electrical equipment. Crews are making repairs and expect to have powerfully restored to those who are impacted by 7 p.m.
As of 2:30 p.m., only about 160 customers remained without power.
Watchfire will celebrate its 85 year history; bid adieu to John Kunze
DANVILLE, IL--(Marketwired - Apr 17, 2017) - Watchfire Signs, a leading manufacturer of outdoor LED signs and digital billboards, will showcase its innovations in digital sports signage and content management software, and will celebrate its 85-year history at this year's ISA Sign Expo, April 20-22, in Las Vegas.
At Booth #1945, Watchfire will feature its capabilities and recent successes in the sports market, a growing area of business. "Sports venues from small to major are discovering the benefits that digital displays bring to the fan experience," said Ian White, Watchfire Signs sports market director. "Watchfire Signs is increasingly becoming the manufacturer of choice for sports venues looking to entertain fans and increase revenue by installing a high quality and reliable digital sign."
Watchfire also will feature Ignite OPx 2, Watchfire's proprietary content management software. Ignite OPx 2 now features complimentary EasyArt files that enable sign owners to easily create messages and seamlessly manage them on multiple signs. EasyArt includes more than 1,000 free still and animated graphic images. Ignite's cloud-based system provides users new EasyArt pieces all year long.
In 2017, Watchfire celebrates 85 years of business in the outdoor signage industry. Since Watchfire's founding, the company has built a business based on quality manufacturing, reliable products and strong relationships with dealers and customers.
"It is fitting that during our 85-year milestone we also celebrate the retirement of John Kunze, who many at ISA think of as 'Mr. Watchfire,'" said Steve Harriott, CEO of Watchfire Signs. "This will be John's last ISA show since he joined Watchfire in 1991, and an opportunity for many colleagues to wish him well before he retires in September. John has done so much to build Watchfire. We will all miss him."
Watchfire will showcase its expertise in sports signage and conduct demonstrations of Ignite OPx 2 with EasyArt at the ISA Sign Expo, Booth 1945. Attendees are encouraged to stop by the booth to participate in a fun send-off for John Kunze.
About Watchfire Signs
Watchfire Signs designs, engineers and manufactures the best looking, most durable outdoor LED signs and digital billboards to help businesses and organizations increase visibility and drive growth. Headquartered in Danville, Ill., Watchfire has manufactured outdoor electric signs since 1932 and LED signs since 1996. The company has more than 50,000 Watchfire LED signs in operation and more digital billboard customers in the U.S. than any other manufacturer. For information, go to www.watchfiresigns.com.
Police say a man's decomposing body was found in a Warren, Michigan home. FOX 2
Brother ‘begged Kim Jong-un to spare his life'
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Questions, Comments or News Stories Contact Owner/Publisher Jonathan Taylor 410-422-2948 Or email me at jtlesn@comcast.net
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
OROVILLE, Calif. (AP) — Nearly 200,000 Northern Californians who live downstream of the country's tallest dam were allowed to return home Tuesday after two nights of uncertainty, but they were warned they may have to again flee to higher ground on a moment's notice if hastily made repairs to the battered structure don't hold.
The fixes could be put to their first test later this week with the first of a series of small storms forecast for the region.
But the real test is still to come in the weeks ahead when a record amount of snowfall melts in nearby mountains.
“There is the prospect that we could issue another evacuation order if the situation changes and the risk increases,” Butte County Sheriff Kory Honea said Tuesday, telling residents they could return home but to remain vigilant.
Residents living below the Oroville Dam were suddenly ordered to evacuate Sunday afternoon after water authorities had assured them for nearly a week that the dam was sound despite a gaping and growing hole found in the structure's main spillway. The order came after authorities feared an earthen emergency spillway used when the lake behind the dam overflows its capacity appeared ready to fail Sunday because of erosion.
Over the weekend, the swollen lake spilled down the unpaved emergency spillway for nearly 40 hours, leaving it badly eroded. The problem occurred six days after engineers discovered a growing hole in the dam's main concrete spillway.
State and federal officials ignored calls in 2005 from environmental groups to armor the earthen spillway in concrete to prevent erosion. Federal regulators concluded the earthen spillway could handle a large amount of overflow after water agencies that would have had to pay for the upgrade argued it was unnecessary.
On Tuesday, U.S. Rep. John Garamendi, a Democrat who represents an area near Oroville, called the government's failure to coat the spillway in concrete “a classic case of woulda, coulda, shoulda.”
He said that if the state had listened to the 2005 warnings and installed the concrete a decade ago, “This problem would not have occurred. But they didn't, and there are probably multiple reasons why,” with cost a crucial one.
The California Department of Water Resources said the lake was ready to take on rain and melting snow. State water officials said they have drained enough of the lake behind Oroville Dam that the emergency spillway will not be needed to handle runoff from an approaching storm.
Forecasts call for 2 inches to 4 inches of rain and snow in the foothills and mountains starting Wednesday night. But the storm was looking colder than initially projected, meaning less rain and less runoff than last week's storms.
Acting department chief Bill Croyle said 40 trucks have dumped 30 tons of bags loaded with sand, concrete blocks and boulders every hour into the damaged areas, while helicopters have dropped bags of rocks and cement blocks onto the problem sites.
The damaged main spillway has been stable for four days and handling a heavy flow of water, reducing the reservoir's water level by 15 feet in preparation for coming rain and melting snow throughout the spring. Officials hope to drain the lake another 37 feet.
“We still have a large snowpack; we will see quite a spring runoff,” Croyle said.
Croyle said the goal is to keep the reservoir below capacity so the use of the auxiliary spillway wouldn't be used. Still, Croyle said that spillway has been repaired and that he's confident it could be used again if needed.
Preliminary estimates say permanently fixing the hole in the main spillway could cost $100 million to $200 million, Croyle said. Experts are drawing up plans for repairs that will begin after the spring runoff season ends.
Gov. Jerry Brown said late Tuesday that the Federal Emergency Management Agency approved his request for federal assistance with the Oroville dam situation.
Meanwhile, federal regulators have told the dam's managers at the state water resources department that they must enlist a group of “independent consultants” both to assess what went wrong and how to make long-term fixes to the damaged spillways.
Water resources officials have acknowlledged cracks and repairs in the concrete in recent years. It was not clear whether those past issues played a direct role in the spillway's rupture last week. When state inspectors last visited the dam in August, they wrote that “conditions appeared to be normal” in the concrete spillway, according to inspection reports the water resources department has released.
State officials clearly were on the defensive about their decision to call for mass evacuations Sunday, just a few hours after saying the situation was stable, forcing families to rush to pack up and get out.
Honea said Tuesday that the call to order nearly 200,000 people to higher ground protected lives and bought time for water experts to address the problems.
But after two days away from home, tens of thousands of evacuees were growing weary. They welcomed the news they could return home.
“You don't appreciate home until it's taken away from you,” said Margaret Johnston, 69, of Oroville, who spent two nights at a church with her two sons. She had packed a few blankets, pillows and clothes into a black garbage bag.
Returning residents vowed to heed the sheriff's warning to remain vigilant.
Rod Remocal said he and his wife would now be ready to leave their Biggs home near the dam at a moment's notice after fleeing in a rush Sunday.
“We're all coming back and pack and be ready this time,” Remocal said. “This time we're going to be on call like they said.”
___
Elias reported from San Francisco.
___
Contributing to this report were Olga R. Rodriguez, Kristin Bender and Jocelyn Gecker in San Francisco; Don Thompson in Sacramento; Ellen Knickmeyer in Sonoma, California; and John Antczak and Justin Pritchard in Los Angeles.
But the appeals process isn't quite as simple as saying, "I didn't like the verdict." Nor is it as interminable as many think. Here's what you need to know about criminal appeals.
We tend to get most of our legal information, especially in the criminal context, from television and movies, with the odd, sensationalized news story thrown in. And that's true when it comes to criminal appeals as well: prisoners on death row can delay their execution for years on appeal; good convictions get tossed out on a technicality, bad convictions get overturned after an innocent person spends decades in prison; DNA evidence exonerates someone sentenced to die.
1. When Can You Appeal a Conviction?
While an appeal, naturally, can't be filed until after a conviction, the grounds for the appeal often must be laid far in advance of a verdict. While nearly all defendants are granted the right of at least one appeal, and an attorney for that appeal, the reasons for the appeal will vary, and will need to be convincing to overturn a conviction.
2. 5 Signs You May Have Ineffective Counsel
One of those reasons is that your attorney was ineffective. Unfortunately, the bar for ineffectiveness is a bit higher than your lawyer not getting you acquitted. Defendants generally need to prove that but for their counsel's incompetence, the outcome of the trial would've been different.
3. What Is Harmless Error
There are also varying standards upon which appeals are judged. A criminal investigation or trial need not be perfect to survive an appeal. Even if a trial ruling is erroneous, if that error had not altered the outcome of the trial, it is deemed harmless and the conviction will stand.
4. Death Row Appeals: Rights and Limitations
People often bemoan how long inmates sit on death row in between their conviction and their execution. But in matters of life and death, courts don't want there to be any mistakes. And with so many prisoners being exonerated by DNA evidence, there's no reason to rush things.
5. Criminal Resentencing: How Does It Work?
Not all successful appeals mean freedom for the defendant. You can also appeal a sentence, and have your sentence changed. Here's how it works.
Related Resources:
0:41 Cal Poly Rose Parade float heads to Pasadena under the cover of darkness Pause
1:24 Gun dealer describes confusion, complexity in California's new gun laws
0:07 Timelapse video: Watch Cal Poly students decorate their 2017 Rose Parade float
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach
0:46 Nephew shares memories of David Fear, who died in Grover Beach dog attack
0:44 How an officer can tell whether a driver is stoned
1:11 How the Paso Robles Police Department is using body cameras
0:28 Atascadero's Elijah Cooks turns Lompoc game into dunk contest
1:33 How to grill ribs: Tips from The Rib Line's kitchen
Sanju Teaser Reaction: Ranbir Kapoor | Sanjay Dutt | Rajkumar Hirani | FilmiBeat
The much awaited teaser of Sanjay Dutt's biopic titled Sanju is finally out and Ranbir Kapoor captures the heart, mind and soul of the actor and looks exactly like him in every single frame. From the way he walks to the mannerisms and his body language, Ranbir Kapoor has totally hit the nail right with this one. Most of all, the teaser is very entertaining and will keep you hooked.
View the teaser of Sanju starring Ranbir Kapoor below!
It's such an awesome teaser, right? We're sure you must have clicked the play button at least twice as watching it once will not make you satisfied. The life of Sanjay Dutt had various ups and downs and each decade saw the actor's life take a different turn from the good to bad and vice versa. The best part of it all is that Sanjay Dutt survived every incident and braved everything that was thrown at him.
Even after he was out from the prison, Sanjay Dutt went on to star in Bhoomi. Despite the movie not doing that well at the box office, he has not lost hope and is still doing everything to make it to the top. 'His never say die' attitude is what makes him stand apart from the rest and Rajkumar Hirani has showcased life on the silver screen as he knows him up close and personal.
1:24 Gun dealer describes confusion, complexity in California's new gun laws Pause
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach
1:36 2016's worst red-light runners
1:07 The holidays are at home with the Fortinis
1:40 A look back at SLO startup Shopatron, as Kibo announces local layoffs
0:41 Cal Poly Rose Parade float heads to Pasadena under the cover of darkness
0:46 Nephew shares memories of David Fear, who died in Grover Beach dog attack
0:31 On election night, Heidi Harmon shared her goals for SLO
0:07 Timelapse video: Watch Cal Poly students decorate their 2017 Rose Parade float
Arizona announced over the weekend that the program had hired former Washington head coach Lorenzo Romar as associate head coach, with Romar replacing Joe Pasternack on staff. Pasternack is now the head coach at UC Santa Barbara.
“It's an exciting day for Arizona Basketball to be able to welcome Lorenzo Romar and his family to our basketball family,” said Arizona head coach Sean Miller. “Lorenzo's accomplishments in this game speak for themselves, including his successful tenure as the head coach at Washington for the last 15 seasons. However, his dedication to his players, passion for this game and impeccable character is what everybody that knows him loves about him. He will no doubt make a significant impact in all aspects of our basketball program as we continue to build and improve in all that we do.”
Romar spent a decade-and-a-half coaching at Washington, and while the Huskies struggled towards the end of his time in Seattle, he was arguably the most successful coach in the history of the program. That was largely due to the fact that he was able to recruit so well. He sent six players to the first round of the NBA Draft in the last six seasons — that doesn't include Isaiah Thomas — and if he hadn't been fired he could have very well ended up landing the No. 1 picks in the 2017 and 2018 drafts in Markelle Fultz and Michael Porter Jr.
A Southern California native, Romar is one of the nation's best recruiters, and his addition to a program that is already landing players like Deandre Ayton should be terrifying for west coast teams.
“Of all the potential opportunities that were out there for me, joining the Arizona program was the one that was the most appealing,” Romar said. “I truly believe Sean Miller is one of the best coaches in America. The opportunity to join him, his staff and the rich tradition of Arizona Basketball is something that I'm extremely excited about.”
TAMPA, Fla. (AP) — A Cirque du Soleil performer has died after falling during a show in Tampa.
The theatrical company announced on Twitter Sunday that Yann Arnaud fell Saturday night while performing an aerial straps number during the show VOLTA.
Arnaud was taken to a hospital after the fall, where he later died. Cirque du Soleil canceled its final two Tampa shows Sunday while the company and authorities investigate how the accident happened.
The entertainment group's President Daniel Lamarre said, “the entire Cirque du Soleil family is in shock and devastated by this tragedy.”
Arnaud had been a performer with Cirque du Soleil for more than 15 years.
(© Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
Photo: Scott Kirkland / PictureGroup / Sipa / USA Today
By Scott T. Sterling
Keith Urban and Nicole Kidman are set to continue their annual Christmas tradition of spending the holidays Down Under.
Related: Keith Urban Ballad is the Most Played Song at Waffle House
“We go back to Australia,” Kidman told Us Weekly. “My mother and my husband's mother both live in Australia so we go back home. My sister, and [I], we have a big summer Christmas, which I know sounds bizarre to Americans. We want to be on the beach for Christmas, no snow. We love the ocean and shrimp!”
Not exactly turkey, stuffing and snowball fights, but that sounds like a Christmas it would be easy to get used to celebrating.
The insane ways the ultra rich spend their money The release of a one-page outline of President Trump's tax plan gave the country a look at how the wealthy will be treated. Let's just say — not harshly. So...
Meg Ryan is selling her gorgeous Soho loft for $11M Actress Meg Ryan, whose love affair with New York City was chronicled in iconic films including, "When Harry Met Sally" and "You've Got Mail," has just listed her posh SoHo...
Kris Jenner's Christmas decorations are insane Jenner enlisted the help of floral designer Jeff Leatham to decorate her Calabasas home.
Inside the Obamas' private rooms in the White House WASHINGTON — President Barack Obama likes to say the White House is the “people's house.” Now, the people are getting a look at the rooms where he lives. Exclusive photos...
Anna Wintour replaces editor at Architectural Digest Feared editor Anna Wintour continues to expand her sphere of influence at Condé Nast. Wintour, the artistic director at the magazine publisher, has pushed out Margaret Russell, the editor of...
Who knew Alex Rodriguez has a knack for design? Alex Rodriguez not only has a good eye when it comes to baseball — he's also a pro at helping design beautiful homes. The 40-year-old Yankee slugger shows off his...
New York's 7 can't-miss spring design fairs For the next 10 weeks, New York City will be inundated with art and design fairs. They sell everything from museum-quality furniture to artisanal soaps, and offer DIY workshops, tattoo...
Naomi Watts on the downside of New York real estate “With New York real estate, you never get everything you want,” she told Architectural Digest.
Share Article Facebook
Twitter
Email You are free to share this article under the Attribution 4.0 International license. Follow Futurity RSS
Twitter
Facebook
Newsletter
As climate change increases the risk to trees from severe storms, insects, diseases, drought, and fire, a new study highlights the need for improved safety in tree-care operations.
According to the findings reported in the American Journal of Industrial Medicine, workers employed by tree care experts and licensed arborists are more likely to receive health and safety training and to use personal protective equipment than those employed by companies that are not part of the professional arboriculture network. The research also shows that Spanish-speaking day laborers often had little training or use of personal protective equipment.
“There is a popular misconception that tree removal is low-skill work, but nothing could be further from the truth.”
Tree care workers have one of the most dangerous jobs in America, regularly encountering heights, slippery conditions, falling limbs, sharp equipment, and electrical wires. The incidence of injuries increases after storms when unqualified “storm-chasers” with chainsaws and landscaping companies offer their services to uninformed homeowners.
Some municipalities also struggle to handle tree damage with inadequately trained labor and old equipment. Annually, tree care injuries account for about 80 worker deaths and at least 23,000 chainsaw injuries treated in emergency departments.
“There is a popular misconception that tree removal is low-skill work, but nothing could be further from the truth,” says Michele Ochsner, formerly with the Rutgers University School of Management and Labor Relations. “Handling storm-downed trees without injury to people or property involves an array of technical skills and knowledge of how different species of trees respond in different seasons and weather conditions.”
Since Hurricane Sandy in 2012, Ochsner, along with Elizabeth Marshall, an environmental and occupational epidemiologist at Rutgers School of Public Health, and Daniel Lefkowitz at the New Jersey Department of Health, have analyzed surveillance data after storms to assess injury risks related to tree work and conducted interviews with private and municipal tree care experts to understand the Sandy experience and suggest ways to improve safety.
Storms and the ensuing long hours exacerbate the job's significant risks. “Tree care crews handle thousands of downed trees in the wake of a hurricane or even the recent snowstorm. It takes knowledge, proper equipment, and coordination to do that safely,” Marshall says
Although there is no current Occupational Safety and Health Administration standard for tree trimming, employers are required to comply with all general industry standards set by a network of national, regional, and state associations, Marshall says.
Marshall notes that New Jersey recently passed a comprehensive licensing law to assist consumers in hiring a tree care company that upholds the state's standards.
“Our interviews with tree care workers revealed a number of recommendations to plan ahead for major storms. For example, companies and municipalities should ensure equipment is well maintained, employees are properly trained in their native language and provided with personal protective equipment.
“Consumers should work with a licensed tree care professional to identify damaged or improperly planted trees and remove dead trees and limbs before the next big storm. Then, they will be ready when bad weather arrives and trees come down.”
Source: Rutgers University
Mrs. Lynch, age 76, of Watertown, died Saturday afternoon Dec. 9, 2017 at her residence.
Born Sept. 29, 1941 in Dayton, she was the daughter of the late Doyle and Ellen Revis and was preceded in death by her brother, Doyle Revis.
Gail was a graduate of Rhea County High School and Draughons Business College and was a retired office manager at the Lebanon Housing Authority. She was an accomplished seamstress and attended the Round Lick Baptist Church. Gail will be remembered for her unconditional love and service to her family and friends.
She is survived by her husband, Joe Lynch; daughters, Terri (Charles) Davis, of Lebanon, Tammy (Steve) Cox, of Watertown, Jodi (Burgess) Grooms, of Lebanon; eight grandchildren; five great-grandchildren; and a sister, Faye Mincey, of Millington.
Pallbearers will be Charles Davis, Steve Cox, Burgess Grooms, Kris Patel, Randy Gwaltney, Randy Lamberson and Gerald Lamberson.
The family would like to express a special thank you to the Kindred Hospice team for the love they showed our mom and family.
Hunter Funeral Home in Watertown is in charge of arrangements, 615-237-9318.
With The Lebanon Democrat's new obituary email newsletter, you can stay up to date and have the latest obituary notices sent directly to your inbox as they are published. Click here to sign up today.
Scientists know relatively little about the Piedras Blancas Elephant Seal Rookery, the largest mainland northern elephant seal rookery in the world that's home to more than 20,000 seals. Cal Poly researcher Heather Liwanag wants to change that.
Fresh off a nearly three-month research excursion to Antarctica, where she co-led a team studying Weddell seal pups, Liwanag is heading up a group of three grad students and 18 undergrads that is surveying and marking elephant seal pups five days a week at the beaches near Piedras Blancas.
“No one's ever really studied this population” outside of basic counting and tagging, Liwanag said.
Never miss a local story. Sign up today for unlimited digital access to our website, apps, the digital newspaper and more. SUBSCRIBE NOW
Cal Poly researcher Heather Liwanag spent three months studying Weddell seals in Antarctica last year. Now, she's leading a team of Poly students who are studying the Piedras Blancas elephant seal colony. Cal Poly
That's because the vast majority of research on elephant seal populations was done at Año Nuevo State Park, north of Santa Cruz, Liwanag said. Much of that work was done by UC Santa Cruz's Daniel Costa, who served on Liwanag's doctorate committee and who will coordinate with her in her pilot study.
Liwanag said she hopes the study will help researchers better understand how the Piedras Blancas population interacts with rookery populations to the north and the south.
“We're almost smack in the middle (of the major rookeries),” she said, meaning it will be easier to track the seals' movements from Piedras Blancas.
She also said she wants to learn what effect geography, the physical landscape of Piedras Blancas, has on the development of elephant seal pups.
The Piedras Blancas rookery is relatively young; it was established in the early 1990s but has seen its population explode.
For a species that was “seriously near extinction,” Liwanag said elephant seals have managed to make a major recovery from their depleted populations of the early 20th century.
“Somehow, they managed to come back,” she said.
SHARE COPY LINK More Videos 1:02 With more than 20,000 seals, Piedras Blancas is the largest elephant seal rookery on Earth Pause 1:56 High school students from across California compete at Cal Poly robotics tournament 0:56 Watch a timelapse and unveiling of Cal Poly's new solar farm 0:32 Sunrise to sunset: Timelapse shows a day in the life of Bishop Peak 0:40 Students in 'March Against Rape Culture' tell Cal Poly: #TimesUp 0:31 How Cal Poly engineering students made the 2018 Rose Parade float 'take flight' 0:44 Watch Cal Poly's 2018 Rose Parade Float make its way through Pasadena 0:57 Cal Poly Rose Parade float gets police escort to Pasadena 1:28 Cal Poly's huge, new equine center begins to take shape 0:48 Did you know these famous inventors graduated from the CSU? Video Link copy Embed Code copy
Facebook
Twitter
Email
There are so many elephant seals that you can barely see the beach at Piedras Blancas Piedras Blancas in San Simeon, California, is filled with elephant seals — so many you can barely see the sand in some places. Birthing and mating season lasts from December to January. This is when the pups are born and the adult males come to fight for dominance and breed with female elephant seals. Joe Johnston The Tribune
Field research
After spending December and early January surveying the rookery, Liwanag said her team has begun “stamping” baby seals so that they can more easily track them later on. That process involves hair dye, a 4-foot dowel and a bit of delicate “backwards mirror writing,” she said.
“Surprisingly, it is not the bulls that are aggressive toward us; the bulls are focused on other males and generally do not see our presence as a threat,” Liwanag said.
She said females at this time of year are more aggressive than usual, being protective of their pups.
“We are extremely careful to cause as little disturbance to the animals as possible,” Liwanag said.
That means not getting in between a bull chasing another animal, not marking a seal if it would cause too much disturbance or the mother is alerted to their presence, and generally sticking to marking pups if they are on the outskirts of a group “or relatively isolated from other animals,” she said. “We simply do not mark animals that are in the middle of a bunch of adults.”
Once the pups are weaned, they will begin congregating in “weaner pods,” Liwanag said. That's when her team will move to insert flipper tags and weigh the pups. Each rookery has its own tag color, and fittingly for its name, the tag for Piedras Blancas is white. She said that work will likely continue until the end of March.
Liwanag cautioned the public that they may see researchers, wearing Cal Poly green jackets, on the beaches of Piedras Blancas.
A baby elephant seal takes a look around its patch of beach at the Piedras Blancas rookery Jan. 19. Joe Johnston jjohnston@thetribunenews.com
Federal law prohibits human contact with elephant seals, but Liwanag's team has been added to Costa's Marine Mammal Protection Act permit to conduct their research. She said she and her team members welcome questions but urged members of the public to give both researchers and elephant seals a wide berth when they're on the beaches.
Returning to Antarctica
As for Antarctica, she said she is returning to McMurdo Station next winter to continue her team's research on Weddell seal pups. Liwanag said her team learned some lessons from the last trip and hopes to make their sample size more robust.
Elephant seals and Weddell seals share something in common; they are two of the deepest diving pinnipeds. Liwanag said she hopes to one day study the diving practices of Weddell seals, Antarctic elephant seals and Piedras Blancas elephant seals.
Anyone wanting to know more about Liwanag's research can email her at hliwanag@calpoly.edu.
LOS ANGELES — Ross Stripling struck out nine over seven strong innings, Matt Kemp homered and drove in four runs, and the Los Angeles Dodgers beat the Philadelphia Phillies 8-2 on Wednesday night.
Stripling did not even join the Dodgers' rotation until April 30 as he worked out of the bullpen for the first month of the season. His place among the Dodgers' starters seems secure now with 28 strikeouts and two earned runs allowed over his last three outings.
Stripling (3-1), who gave up a run and four hits, has won each of his last three starts and lowered his ERA as a starter to 2.18, with a 1.68 mark overall.
Kemp had an RBI double in the first inning, a two-run home run in the third and a sacrifice fly in the eighth as he recorded his team-leading 16th multi-hit game and second in two nights. His two hits moved him into the National League lead with a .345 batting average.
Phillies starter Zach Eflin (1-2) lasted just four innings, giving up five runs and seven hits. Nick Williams homered for Philadelphia, his sixth of the season and second in two games.
Max Muncy also hit a home run for the Dodgers, his seventh, just two batters before Kemp also went deep against Eflin.
The Dodgers will send Clayton Kershaw, coming off the disabled list, to the mound Thursday as they attempt to win their fourth consecutive series. The Dodgers had not won more than two consecutive series before this current run.
Kershaw is making his first start in nearly a month after being sidelined with left biceps tendonitis.
Stripling got his chance to start after a bevy of injuries in the rotation. In addition to Kershaw, Rich Hill (blister), Hyun-Jin Ryu (groin) and Kenta Maeda (hip) are all currently on the DL.
Stripling gave up four runs over four innings in a start at Arizona on April 30, but since then he has not given up more than two earned runs in any outing. He even helped himself on offence in this game, delivering an RBI single in the fifth inning. It was just his second career RBI after also recording one in 2016.
If you ever get a chance to meet Jennifer Lawrence and want a selfie with her, we have some bad news.
The actress told the Daily Telegraph that she's not taking selfies with fans anymore. She said that being famous comes with a few occupational hazards, one of them being how familiar fans may feel toward her.
“I have just started becoming really rude and drawn into myself,” the 26-year-old lamented. “I think that people think that we already are friends because I am famous and they feel like they already know me – but I don't know them.”
“I have to protect my bubble, like, ‘I have a weird job – don't let this be a reality.”
Imposter syndrome, cognitive bias during hiring, and lack of interest possible reasons for drop in women in STEM roles
“Why is the number of women in Australia who are choosing STEM careers falling?" It's a common question and one that the tech industry doesn't seem to be able to answer too well.
Lucy Lloyd, co-founder and CEO at startup, Mentorloop and a speaker at this year's Women in Tech event in Sydney offered up a few reasons. Lloyd suspects it's a combination of ‘imposter syndrome' or feeling like a fraud, cognitive bias in the hiring process, and dropping out of the pipeline early through lack of interest in STEM.
“One of my girlfriends who trained as an engineer is training at the moment as a nurse because she wants to spend more time with her kids and have a more flexible career,” Lloyd told the audience on Wednesday.
“I wonder if there's a flexibility component to that and those kinds of jobs are requiring as they do potentially long hours, they're still quite old school organisations that aren't making space for women to feel like they are completely welcome,” Lloyd said.
Indeed, a mere 16 per cent of STEM-qualified people are women, according to a March 2016 report by the Australian Government's Office of the Chief Scientist.
Further, only 12 per cent of STEM graduates earning in the top income bracket ($104,000 or above) are women, compared to 32 per cent men.
An audience member at the event offered a different opinion, arguing that the question of why the number of women studying STEM subjects is falling is actually being framed incorrectly.
“Women aren't falling out [of STEM], I think that men are failing to keep up with the way the world is going,” she said to cheers from the audience. “There's nothing wrong with women; I think the choices they make and the quality of life they want, they expect a higher standard that is currently provided in organisations,” she said.
She argued that for organisations to be disruptive and successful, they need ‘cultural productivity.' This comes from addressing the human aspects [of the work environment], she said.
“I don't think women are falling off, they are just making better choices.”
Glass ceiling remains
Regardless of their choices, women are still coming up against a ‘glass ceiling', according to a panel at the Women in Tech conference. Beth Patterson, chief legal and technology officer at law firm, Allens; Julie Chivers, head of global IT capability at Lendlease; and Angela Goodsir, chief technology and systems officer at Multi Channel Network all agreed that it still exists.
Lend Lease's Chivers said that the women she works with tend to undersell themselves in “pretty much every circumstance.”
“I think it's an Australian cultural thing as well,” she said. “I grew up being able to self-promote, and the Australian women that I was mentoring, maybe they didn't grow up with being told to say how great you are at the time – the tall poppy thing that happens here. You have to get rid of the tall poppy [syndrome] when talking about yourselves.”
Allen's Patterson suggested women in tech should converse with their marketing colleagues and learn the intricacies of self-promotion.
“Technical people tend to be good at solving complex problems. You think that your value is going to be in solving complex problems but once you arrive at a particular level, your value is actually about influencing people and building relationships combined with these [technical] skills.”
Chivers, who is in her mid-40s, believes that women in their mid-50s and 60s who are running organisations “have one hell of a glass ceiling.” She says that these business leaders weren't necessarily willing to help women of her generation.
“There were very few of them that were [helpful]. They had to act like men to get there and if we weren't prepared to do it too, then tough. The ladies in my age group felt that lack of support. But what I am finding now is that there's a new culture that seems to be developing across senior executive [ranks] where we are all supporting each other,” she says.
“We are also working with the millennials to work out how the heck to fit them into the organisation as well. So that groundswell of support is something you should tap into.”
Follow CIO Australia on Twitter and Like us on Facebook… Twitter: @CIO_Australia, Facebook: CIO Australia, or take part in the CIO conversation on LinkedIn: CIO Australia
Follow Byron Connolly on Twitter: @ByronConnolly
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
CBS4CBS4 is now on CBSMiami.com. It's the same great news, weather, and investigations you found on cbs4.com, but we've added a whole new range of great items and features to help you get more out of your day, and put a little more fun into your life. It's all brought to by the same great [...]
My TV 33My TV33 is on CBSMiami.comIt's the same great news, weather, and investigations you found on cbs4.com, but we've added a whole new range of great items and features to help you get more out of your day, and put a little more fun into your life. It's all brought to by the same great team [...]
WQAMMiami's Sports Radio 560 WQAM is South Florida's original sports station. For over 20 years, WQAM has brought the region live coverage of their favorite teams and been home to the most popular and beloved local personalities. With Joe Rose leading the way in mornings, WQAM features Miami's most extensive offering of live and local [...]
South Florida H.S. SportsSFHSSports is now on CBSMiami.com! We're a part of the CBS Miami family… Visit us at http://miami.cbslocal.com/category/sfhssports . Our “crew” J.T. Wilcox SFHSSports Managing Editor JT.Wilcox@CBSRadio.com Larry Blustein SFHSSports Senior Writer FloridaKids1@aol.com . We want to hear from you! . By Telephone 305-654-1700 . By Mail South Florida High School Sports [...]
Last Thursday, Day #4 of Developmental Disability Awareness Week for special education (SPED) students from the Blue Empire, the agenda included a special visit to the Governor's Mansion at Mauga-o-Alii, where the students, along with staff members and teachers, were greeted and hosted by First Lady Cynthia Moliga (back row, center). [photo: BC]
Deputies arrested a suspect after he tried to steal car, then stole from another house and set the place on fire in Boulevard early Wednesday.
The Boulevard Sheriff's office responded to two separate calls around the same area on the 3400 block of Crestwood Road in Boulevard at about 4 a.m.
One caller reported a vehicle burglary where the victim shot at the suspect and another said there were shots fired and a house engulfed in flames.
When deputies arrived at the scene, they found the suspect with a gunshot wound to the right arm.
Through their investigation, deputies learned that the suspect had tried to steal a car, but the owner saw this from a nearby residence and started yelling at him.
He screamed at the suspect to leave the property. Once the suspect yelled back and started to charge at him, the owner went back inside his house.
The owner stayed inside and armed himself with a gun while the suspect moved around the property. He was yelling and behaving in an 'emotionally disturbed' manner, said deputies.
Photos Shooting at GOP Congressional Baseball Practice
Fearing for the safety of himself and his wife, the house owner fired four rounds near the suspect in an effort to scare him off the property, said deputies. He hit the suspect once in the right arm.
Even after he was shot, the suspect continued to break into vehicles and then entered another house and starting stealing items, said deputies.
Then, the suspect allegedly set a fire inside that house.
After his arrest, the suspect was taken to a nearby hospital, said deputies. An arson investigation is underway for the house fire, said deputies.
The house was burned in a 'total loss,' said deputies. No one else was injured.
","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["970x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["728x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["57_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["55_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["2_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"}],"other_square_desktop":[{"targeting":{"IOM":["300x600_5000"],"ix_id":["_VY8yOJVM"]},"price":5000,"adm":" certification testing: 5_5000 (1520325519) ","size":[300,600],"partnerId":"IndexExchangeHtb"}]},"page":[]}; } if (typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined" && demand != null) { updateIXrender(demand); } ADTECH.config.page = { protocol: (typeof location.protocol != 'undefined') ? location.protocol.substring(0,location.protocol.indexOf(':')) : 'http', server: 'adserver.adtech.de', network: '1695.1', params: { loc: '100' }};ADTECH.config.placements['www.rugbyrama.fr_other_square_desktop'] = {responsive : { useresponsive: true, bounds: [{id: 'neutralisation_square', min: 0, max: 899 }, {id: 'www.rugbyrama.fr_other_square_tablet', min: 900, max: 1279 },{id: 'www.rugbyrama.fr_other_square_desktop', min: 1280, max: 9999 }]}, sizeid: '170', fif: {usefif:true, disableFriendlyFlag: true}, params: { target: '_blank' },kv:(typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined") ? Object.assign({"site": "www.rugbyrama.fr","position": "square","page": "story","sport": "44","recurring_event": "755","competition": "474","agency": "145","topic": "100","sponso": "off","content": "6833049","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}, HBKEYVALUES[getHtSlotName("other_square_desktop","other_square_tablet","other_square_mobile")]) : {"site": "www.rugbyrama.fr","position": "square","page": "story","sport": "44","recurring_event": "755","competition": "474","agency": "145","topic": "100","sponso": "off","content": "6833049","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}};ADTECH.enqueueAd('www.rugbyrama.fr_other_square_desktop');ADTECH.executeQueue(); } if (window.headertag != undefined) { window.headertag.retrieveDemand([{htSlotName: getHtSlotName("other_square_desktop","other_square_tablet","other_square_mobile")}], lazyLoadedIX); } else { console.error('Wrapper is not loaded, let\'s just carry on with the request'); lazyLoadedIX(null); } } -->","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["970x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["728x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["57_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["55_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["2_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"}],"other_square_desktop":[{"targeting":{"IOM":["300x600_5000"],"ix_id":["_VY8yOJVM"]},"price":5000,"adm":" certification testing: 5_5000 (1520325519) ","size":[300,600],"partnerId":"IndexExchangeHtb"}]},"page":[]}; } if (typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined" && demand != null) { updateIXrender(demand); } ADTECH.config.page = { protocol: (typeof location.protocol != 'undefined') ? location.protocol.substring(0,location.protocol.indexOf(':')) : 'http', server: 'adserver.adtech.de', network: '1695.1', params: { loc: '100' }};ADTECH.config.placements['www.rugbyrama.fr_other_middle_desktop'] = {responsive : { useresponsive: true, bounds: [{id: 'neutralisation_square', min: 0, max: 899 }, {id: 'www.rugbyrama.fr_other_middle_tablet', min: 900, max: 1279 },{id: 'www.rugbyrama.fr_other_middle_desktop', min: 1280, max: 9999 }]}, sizeid: '1761', fif: {usefif:true, disableFriendlyFlag: true}, params: { target: '_blank' },kv:(typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined") ? Object.assign({"site": "www.rugbyrama.fr","position": "middle","page": "story","sport": "44","recurring_event": "755","competition": "474","agency": "145","topic": "100","sponso": "off","content": "6833049","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}, HBKEYVALUES[getHtSlotName("other_middle_desktop","other_middle_tablet","other_middle_mobile")]) : {"site": "www.rugbyrama.fr","position": "middle","page": "story","sport": "44","recurring_event": "755","competition": "474","agency": "145","topic": "100","sponso": "off","content": "6833049","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}};ADTECH.enqueueAd('www.rugbyrama.fr_other_middle_desktop');ADTECH.executeQueue(); } if (window.headertag != undefined) { window.headertag.retrieveDemand([{htSlotName: getHtSlotName("other_middle_desktop","other_middle_tablet","other_middle_mobile")}], lazyLoadedIX); } else { console.error('Wrapper is not loaded, let\'s just carry on with the request'); lazyLoadedIX(null); } } -->
Monica Schipper/Getty Images(WASHINGTON) — Three women who have previously accused President Donald Trump of sexual misconduct or harassment in the years prior to his election are calling for Congress to investigate the allegations against him following a week in which three U.S. senators and congressional representatives stepped down over similar claims.
Rachel Crooks, Jessica Leeds and Samantha Holvey appeared at a news conference Monday.
“I ask that Congress put aside their party affiliations and investigate Mr. Trump's history of sexual misconduct,” Crooks said.
Crooks alleged that Trump “has escaped his past unscathed, but over a dozen women have come forward about his sexual misconduct, and we have video proof of him promoting such behavior,” referring to the Access Hollywood video from 2005.
“In an objective setting, without question a person with this record would have entered the graveyard of political aspirations never to return. Yet, here we are with that man as president,” Crooks said.
Trump has denied allegations of sexual harassment or misconduct. He apologized last year for his comments recorded on the Access Hollywood video.
Asked about the women's claims Monday afternoon, White House press secretary Sarah Sanders repeated the president's denials and added that the White House felt the “allegations have been answered” through last year's election, given that Trump was victorious even after the public was aware of the accusations.
The three women appeared earlier Monday on the NBC's “Today” show, where host Megyn Kelly read a statement from the White House in response to the women's allegations.
“These false claims, totally disputed in most cases by eyewitness accounts, were addressed at length during last year's campaign, and the American people voiced their judgment by delivering a decisive victory,” the White House statement said. “The timing and absurdity of these false claims speaks volumes and the publicity tour that has begun only further confirms the political motives behind them.”
Crooks first made her allegations in an article in The New York Times in October 2016. She said that in 2005 when she was a 22-year-old receptionist at a real estate investment and development company in Trump Tower in Manhattan, she encountered Mr. Trump outside an elevator in the building one morning.
She said she knew her company did business with Trump, so she introduced herself and they shook hands. But, she told the Times, Trump would not let go and began kissing her cheeks. Then, he “kissed me directly on the mouth,” she said.
“I was so upset that he thought I was so insignificant that he could do that,” Crooks told the Times.
Crooks said at the news conference Monday, “I was shocked. Devastated. It happened so fast.”
Leeds, who also first went public in the Times article in October 2016, alleges that Trump groped her during the late 1970s while she was traveling first class on an airplane. Leeds was a traveling salesperson in her 30s at the time.
“They served a meal, and after the meal was cleared, all of a sudden, he's all over me – kissing and groping and groping and kissing,” Leeds said on the “Today” show.
Leeds also told NBC on Monday that three years after the alleged incident on the airplane, she moved to New York City and ran into Trump while she was working at a fundraiser gala. Leeds claims Trump recognized her as the woman on the plane and, using a profanity, “called me the worst name ever.”
“It was shocking. It was like a bucket of cold water being thrown over me,” Leeds said of the alleged interaction with the president.
Leeds said in the NBC interview Monday that she chose not to tell anyone about the alleged incidents with Trump until he was running for president.
“I wanted people to know what kind of person Trump really is,” Leeds said.
Holvey, a former Miss USA pageant contestant, also went public with her allegations in October 2016 in an interview with CNN.
Holvey was the 2006 Miss North Carolina in the pageant that year, she told CNN. During an event in New York City in the month before the pageant, Trump personally inspected each of the contestants, she alleged.
“He would step in front of each girl and look you over from head to toe like we were just meat, we were just sexual objects, that we were not people,” Holvey told CNN. “You know when a gross guy at the bar is checking you out? It's that feeling.”
Monday on the “Today” show, Holvey said that after going public with her story it “heartbreaking” to see Trump win the election.
“We're private citizens, and for us to put ourselves out there to try and show America who this man is and especially how he views women and for them to say ‘Meh, we don't care.' It hurt.” Holvey said.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
U.S. negotiators are at last noticing some progress in trade negotiations with Mexico and Canada after months of work and six rounds of NAFTA talks.
NAFTA Negotiations Update
“We finally began to discuss some of the core issues, so this round was a step forward,” Robert Lighthizer, the U.S. representative, said during remarks after the talks concluded Monday. “But we are progressing very slowly. We owe it to our citizens who are operating in a state of uncertainty to move much faster. We need to modernize and we need to rebalance.”
The Canadian and Mexican officials were also positive about the progress, despite the division still evident over the $1.2 trillion trade pact. “For the next round, we will still have substantial challenges to overcome. Yet the progress made so far puts us on the right track to create landing zones to conclude the negotiation soon,” Mexico's Economy Minister Ildefonso Guajardo said.
Negotiators still disagree on major parts of the renegotiation proposal, including new rules for car manufacturers, dairy and agriculture, government contracts and a potential five-year sunset clause to terminate NAFTA unless all three countries agree to keep it.
Canadian Minister Chrystia Freeland was hopeful that the talks were on the right track, and that the slow pace is working. “That work, I'm pleased to say, is beginning to bear fruit,” Freeland said.
The three nations promised to renegotiate through March 2018, but some officials are uncertain that the talks will result in an agreement by that deadline, according to Reuters. The three delegations are scheduled to meet in Mexico in February to continue discussions.
Still, some in the U.S. see the latest talks as a good sign. “I am optimistic about the progress made so far in these negotiations and the desire of all three countries to address the outstanding issues,” said Washington Republican Rep. Dave Reichert, chairman of the Trade Subcommittee in the House Committee on Ways and Means.
President Donald Trump promised to address trade issues during the State of the Union address Tuesday, and he has previously commented on the slow progress of the renegotiations. “We have to have reciprocal trade. It's not a one-way deal anymore,” Trump told reporters on Monday.
Republished by permission. Original here.
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Paris has a major smog problem. And an organization that monitors air quality in France estimates that pollution levels will reach even higher levels by the end of 2016.
So the city is trying to do something about it. On December 29, officials offered free parking to residents throughout the city to encourage ride-sharing and the use of public transportation. If the one-day experiment doesn't make enough of an impact, the city could go even further and offer free bike-sharing and services for electric cars.
It remains to be seen if this free parking experiment will have the desired effect. Since it's only for one day, it's unlikely that this move alone will be enough to solve a major pollution problem. But it could be a step in the right direction.
Every Problem-Solving Process Starts With the First Step
When dealing with problems as large as the pollution of an entire country, it can be difficult to find a first step. But taking any action is better than waiting to find a perfect solution. Whether you're solving problems for an entire country or just a small business, taking steps toward a solution can be a better route than waiting around for the perfect plan to come to you.
If France is able to monitor how much of an impact this small gesture makes, it could create a more informed plan going forward. And your business can learn a lot from that type of problem-solving.
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Norwegian's plans for new transatlantic routes to help shrink costs
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Aaron Rodgers has become one of the best improvisational quarterbacks in the NFL. His ability to extend plays in the pocket while being able to throw from nearly any arm angle has made him a nightmare for opposing defenses during his Pro Bowl career.
But for all the times he's made something out of nothing, the Green Bay Packers star quarterback said Sunday's playoff game against the Dallas Cowboys was the first time he had made up a play in an NFL huddle.
“That would be a first,” Rodgers said Wednesday on ESPN's Dan Le Batard Show, via ESPN.
The play in question occurred late in the fourth quarter in the Packers' 34-31 victory when Rodgers faded to his left after being flushed out of the pocket and hit Jared Cook along the sideline for a 36-yard completion that set up the eventual game-winning field goal.
So what did Rodgers say to his teammates in the huddle before the memorable play?
“I said everybody kind of run over to the left, and get open — not exactly in those words, but that was basically the gist of it,” Rodgers said on the show.
Though the description might sound simplistic, Rodgers said he had been thinking about the play long before he made the call.
“What ended up being the play was not something we talked about, but it was something that I thought about at various times throughout the season or throughout the week even,” Rodgers said. “But it's hard to kind of put a name necessarily on a play where we have a roll-out with a clear-out and everybody else kind of running to the left. Didn't exactly have a name for that. But in situations like that [coach] Mike [McCarthy] will allow me to pick a play out of a selection of plays we have.”
Gunmen stormed an upscale cafe overnight in Burkina Faso's capital, Ouagadougou, strafing the building with bullets and barricading themselves inside for hours. By the time security forces reclaimed the restaurant around dawn Monday, at least 18 people had been killed and eight others wounded, according to local authorities.
The West African nation's communications minister, Remis Dandjinou, told reporters Monday that by daybreak, two of the attackers had been killed and several foreign nationals were among the dead. In separate statements, officials in Paris and Ankara confirmed the victims include a French citizen and Turkish citizen, while another Turk was injured in the violence.
While Burkinabe officials blamed Islamist militants for the attack on the Turkish cafe, no one group immediately claimed responsibility.
"I salute the bravery of our security and defense forces whose engagement allowed us to neutralize the terrorists," Burkinabe President Roch Marc Christian Kabore said in a statement, as translated by CNN.
"The struggle against terrorism is a lengthy fight," he added. "That is why I am calling for vigilance, solidarity and unity of the whole nation to face up to the cowardice of our enemies."
In a news conference Monday, Dandjinou detailed the night's bloody events, which opened when he says about three to four militants rolled up to the cafe on motorcycles around 9 p.m. local time. They opened fire on an outside seating area outside then moved indoors, where The New York Times notes a family had been celebrating a 9-year-old boy's birthday.
The newspaper reports the boy was hospitalized with injuries from the attack.
For Burkinabes, the attack on Aziz Istanbul cafe, which is popular with foreigners, prompts bitter memories of another bloody episode just over 18 months ago. In January last year, militants conducted an hours-long raid on a luxury hotel and a cafe just blocks away from Aziz Istanbul, ultimately killing some 30 people before being dislodged by security forces.
Al-Qaida in the Islamic Maghreb, a militant group based in the region, claimed responsibility for that attack — as well as another deadly assault just months before in neighboring Mali.
Islamist groups have been active for years in the Sahel region, which includes Mali and Burkina Faso. As groups linked to al-Qaida have carried out attacks in the area, the Times points out that the United Nations peacekeeping mission to Mali "has become one of the most dangerous in the world."
The French government — which controlled Burkina Faso, then called Upper Volta, as a colony until 1960 — says President Emmanuel Macron met with Kabore on Monday to discuss the circumstances of the latest attack.
The pair of leaders also reaffirmed their commitment to the formation of an international security force in the Sahel region to "continue the fight against terrorist groups."
President Donald Trump holds up a signed executive order to advance construction of the Keystone XL pipeline at the White House on Jan. 24. Kevin Lamarque / Reuters
Here's an updated overview of each of Trump's orders:
Executive Order Minimizing the Economic Burden of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act
Signed: Jan. 20, 2017
Hours after being sworn in, Trump signed an executive order aimed at reversing the Affordable Care Act — Obama's landmark legislation — which Republicans vowed to “repeal and replace” throughout the campaign.
The executive order states that the Trump administration will “seek prompt repeal” of the law. To minimize the “economic burden” of Obamacare, the order instructs the secretary of health and human services and other agency heads to “waive, defer, grant exemptions from, or delay the implementation” of any part of the law that places a fiscal burden on the government, businesses or individuals.
Also in the order are directions to give states more control over implementing health-care laws.
Expediting Environmental Reviews and Approvals for High-Priority Infrastructure Projects
Signed: Jan. 24, 2017
The order outlines how the administration will expedite environmental reviews and approval of “high priority” infrastructure projects, such as repairs to bridges, airports and highways.
The order directs the Chairman of the Council on Environmental Quality (CEQ), within 30 days of a request, to determine a project's environmental impact and decide whether it is “high priority.” Project review deadlines are to be put in place by the CEQ's chairman.
The order is widely believed to have been issued in response to the protests against the Dakota Access Pipeline.
Enhancing Public Safety in the Interior of the United States
Signed: Jan. 25, 2017
The order outlines changes to a few immigration policies, but most notably it strips federal grant money to so-called sanctuary cities.
In addition, the secretary of homeland security is ordered to hire 10,000 more immigration officers, create a publicly available weekly list of crimes committed by undocumented immigrants and review previous immigration policies.
The order also creates an office to assist the victims of crimes committed by undocumented immigrants and calls on local and state police to detain or apprehend people in the United States illegally.
Border Security and Immigration Enforcement Improvements
Signed: Jan. 25, 2017
The order is aimed at fulfilling one of Trump's key campaign promises — enhancing border security — by directing federal funding to construction of a wall along the Mexico-U.S. border. It instructs the secretary of homeland security to prepare congressional budget requests for the wall and to “end the abuse of parole and asylum provisions” that complicate the removal of undocumented immigrants.
Other parts of the order call for hiring 5,000 more Border Patrol agents, building facilities to hold undocumented immigrants near the Mexican border and ending “catch-and-release” protocols, in which immigrants in the United States without documentation are not detained while they await court hearings.
Protecting the Nation From Foreign Terrorist Entry Into the United States
Signed: Jan. 27, 2017
The order suspends the entry of immigrants from seven Muslim-majority countries — Syria, Iran, Iraq, Libya, Sudan, Yemen and Somolia — for 90 days and stops all refugees from entering the country for 120 days. Syrian refugees are banned indefinitely. During the time of the ban, the secretary of homeland security and the secretary of state will review and revise the refugee admission process.
Also in the order is the suspension of Obama's 2012 Visa Interview Waiver Program, which allowed frequent U.S. tourists to bypass the visa interview process.
White House officials have made a number of contradictory statements, at times calling the order a “ban” and at other times referring to it as a “travel restriction.” After the order was signed, thousands of protesters popped up at airports across the country to denounce it.
Ethics Commitments by Executive Branch Appointees
Signed: Jan. 28, 2017
This order stops all executive branch officials from lobbying for five years after they leave office and places a lifetime ban on lobbying a foreign government.
The order enacts a number of other lobbying restrictions, including, banning appointees from accepting gifts from registered lobbyists and banning appointees who were lobbyists from participating in any issues they petitioned for within the last two years.
Some raised concerns over how Trump will
fill the jobs in his administration under the new rules.
Reducing Regulation and Controlling Regulatory Costs
Signed: Jan. 30, 2017
The order states that executive departments and agencies must slash two regulations for every one new regulation proposed. Regulation spending cannot exceed $0, and any costs associated with regulations must be offset with eliminations.
The order also directs the head of each agency to keep records of the cost savings, to be sent to the president.
Core Principles for Regulating the United States Financial System
Signed: Feb. 3, 2017
The order lays the administration's “Core Principles” regarding the U.S. financial system, which includes:
Making regulation “efficient, effective and appropriately tailored”
Preventing government bailouts
Ensuring that U.S. firms are competitive with foreign companies
The order directs the treasury secretary to review financial regulations and report back to the president 120 days later with a determination of whether current policies promote the “Core Principles.”
Task Force on Crime Reduction and Public Safety
Signed: Feb. 9, 2017
The order directs Attorney General Jeff Sessions to create a task force that would propose new legislation to reduce crime, highlighting drug trafficking, illegal immigration and violent crime. The task force will submit yearly reports to the president.
Throughout the campaign, Trump promised voters a return to “law and order” in the United States and said minorities from inner cities are
“living in hell” because of violent crime.
Preventing Violence Against Federal, State, Tribal, and Local Law Enforcement Officers
Signed: Feb. 9, 2017
The order calls on the Justice Department to “enhance the protection and safety” of law enforcement by increasing penalties for crimes committed against officers.
The attorney general is also instructed to review and determine whether existing federal laws adequately protect law enforcement and later to propose legislation to better protect officers. The order directs the Justice Department to recommend changes in federal grant funding to law enforcement programs if they do not protect officers.
Enforcing Federal Law With Respect to Transnational Criminal Organizations and Preventing International Trafficking
Signed: Feb. 9, 2016
The order outlines the administration's approach to cutting down on organized crime — including gangs, cartels and racketeering organizations — by enhancing cooperation with foreign governments and the ways in which federal agencies share information and data.
It identifies human trafficking, drug smuggling, financial crimes, cyber-crime and corruption as “a threat to public safety and national security.”
The Threat Mitigation National Intelligence — of which Sessions, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, and the secretary of homeland security are co-chairmen — will review and recommend changes to federal agencies' practices in a report to be delivered to the president within 120 days.
Providing an Order of Succession Within the Department of Justice
Signed: Feb. 9, 2017
Two weeks after Trump fired Acting Attorney General Sally Yates, this order changes the order of succession for Sessions, who won approval as attorney general last week. The sequence is: the U.S. attorney for the Eastern District of Virginia, the U.S. attorney for the Northern District of Illinois and the U.S. attorney for the Western District of Missouri.
A week before leaving office, Obama signed an executive order changing the order of succession without explanation.
Nvidia has announced its latest cloud server platform, the HGX-2, which combines 16 Tesla V100 accelerator boards with six NVSwitch NVLink switches for deep learning and artificial intelligence workloads.
Announced just over a year after Nvidia unveiled the original HGX-1 hyperscale GPU accelerator platform, the HGX-2 switches the original's eight Tesla P100 accelerators out for 16 Tesla V100 accelerators - giving the device an impressive overall frame buffer of 512GB. Performance, too, has unsurprisingly dramatically increased: Doubling the number of GPUs combines with other improvements to translate to a real-world 4x to 5.4x performance boost when using one 16-GPU HGX-2 compared with two eight-GPU HGX-1s.
Chief among these improvements is a switch from the HGX-1's hybrid cube mesh layout to a full NVSwitch system based on Nvidia's NVLink interconnection technology. Where its predecessor could only allow four of the eight GPUs to communicate via NVLink, HGX-2 allows any of the 16 GPUs to communicate with any other GPU through NVLink without having to pass over PCI Express (PCIe) - which combines with a switch from one or two NVLink lanes to allow the use of six NVLink lanes, totalling 2,400GB/s of bisection bandwidth.
'The world of computing has changed,' claimed Jensen Huang, Nvidia founder and chief executive officer, at the GPU Technology Conference Taiwan late yesterday. 'CPU scaling has slowed at a time when computing demand is sky-rocketing. Nvidia's HGX-2 with Tensor Core GPUs gives the industry a powerful, versatile computing platform that fuses HPC and AI to solve the world's grand challenges.'
In short, the HGTX-2 is a bit of a beast - powerful enough, the company claims, to replace 300 dual-CPU unaccelerated servers in a data centre. The company has industry backing, too: Lenovo, QCT, Supermicro, and Wiwynn have all announced plans to launch HGX-2 servers by the end of the year, along with original design manufacturers Foxconn, Inventec, Quanta, and Wistron.
Pricing, however, is very much on application, and thus far Nvidia is silent on when or if its NVSwitch and NVLink technology for many-GPU setups may make the jump out of the data centre and into high-end desktop (HEDT) products - though, given its recent defocussing from multi-card SLI support in its gaming products, enthusiasts could be waiting some time.
More information on the HGX-2 is available on the Nvidia developer blog.
It's finally happened. You have worked day and night to reach this moment.
Your business has grown to the point where you need to expand. You are ready to scale. However, it is important to make sure you scale your business the right way. The last thing you want is to grow too fast. It's a mistake many companies make.
The key to expanding your business is making sure you are taking the right steps. You must make sure that you have the right people on your team. You have to ensure that your new office space fits your company. You must also make sure that you have adequate funding to take your enterprise to the next level. This post will give you some advice that you can follow as you continue to grow your business.
Expanding Your Business
Hire The Right People
As your team continues to grow, you will need to make sure that you're adding the right people. This is important because you want your team to work as a cohesive unit with “no drama.” In addition to making sure each candidate is qualified, there is something that is even more important: soft skills.
Soft skills are are skills that are unrelated to the actual function of the job being performed. They are focused on people, not on tasks. They are those intangible skills that are almost impossible to measure. Soft skills can include:
Communication
Adaptability
Leadership
Conflict resolution
Collaboration
Employees with an effective set of soft skills can contribute greatly to your organization. If you can avoid it, don't hire people who do not know how to “play well with others.” You want to make sure that your team's morale is as high as it can be.
Make Sure You Move Into The Right Office
If you are growing your business, chances are you will need to move into a different office space. As you expand, you need a facility that can provide for your company's needs.
However this issue isn't just moving into a bigger space. The issue is moving into the right space. This is especially true if you are moving from a home office to a commercial space and you plan to have employees who are not working remotely. There are many different things you must keep in mind when you're moving offices.
If you're growing, but still small, you might consider using a co-working space. This lowers your overhead costs while giving you a workspace for yourself and your employees. If you're moving into an actual office, it is important that you create the atmosphere that works for your business. This is very important because you don't want to create an uncomfortable work environment for you and your team.
Get Your Funding On Point
As your business continues to grow, it is possible that you will need additional funding to ensure that the transition runs smoothly. If you are able to obtain the funding you need without amassing a lot of debt, that can greatly benefit your business. Of course you might need to seek business loans as well. There are plenty of ways to gain funding.
Since you are earning more business, it might be tempting to believe that you are not in need of funding. In some cases, that might be true. However, it is best to seek financial advice so you can determine whether or not to consider additional funding for your business.
Final Thoughts
Building a successful business can be quite a challenge. However, when you reach the point where you need to expand your business operations, it can be exciting. While you are going through your expansion, you need to make decisions that help you protect your business. The tips in this article can help you ensure that you are heading in the right direction.
Mahira Khan was on cloud nine when she was offered Shahrukh Khan's Raees. It was a dream Bollywood debut for the Pakistani actress.
While talking about the Shahrukh Khan starrer, Mahira Khan recently said that she felt like being punched in the stomach.
We All Have Gone Through Failures Mahira spoke at length about her failures in life during a lecture at a university, reported Dawn. "The truth is that we have all gone through failure.'' I Have Experienced It Personally & Professionally ''I have personally as well as professionally experienced failure. "I was advised by many people to not accept the role in ‘Bol' (Pakistani film) as it was a small one but my gut feeling told me otherwise.'' My Name Was Missed From Bol Credits ''I also decided to act in the serial ‘Humsafar' on my gut feeling. There are no repeats of your first film, but somehow my name was missed as the ‘Bol' credits scrolled in front of me.'' Raees Teaser Said ‘Introducing Mahira Khan'... ''Then for ‘Raees', even though the teaser said ‘Introducing Mahira Khan'.'' I Felt Like Being Punched ''I felt like being punched in the stomach when there was no such credit in the film itself.'' I Was Banned In India "Then when it was released, I was banned in India and the film was banned in Pakistan.'' Big Thing To Work In A Foreign Film "It is a big thing to work in a foreign film. I pray I get my introducing credit when I work in an Iranian film. Failure is knowledge and knowledge is success. So it is a win-win. We actors know how to paint smiles on our faces and carry on, I did too.'' I Used To Dream Of Working With SRK "I was dreaming of wearing a sari and dancing like Madhuri Dixit. I also used to dream of working with Shahrukh Khan. I did nothing to make it happen. I only dreamed and believed in my dreams," she said.
Also Read: Twinkle Takes A Dig At Salman Khan & Shahrukh Khan After The Success Of Akshay Kumar's Toilet?
Zero Latency recently announced an agreement with Cinépolis, the largest movie theater chain in Latin America, to open Mexico's first free-roam VR gaming arena. According to the company, the arena will also be the first of its kind to be integrated into a movie theater anywhere in the world. The cavernous 2,045-square-foot gameplay area will allow eight players to roam freely and untethered simultaneously. The new VR experience opened in November of this year and adds to a growing base of Zero Latency sites worldwide, bringing the total number of ZL-powered arenas in operation to 12.
“Through innovation, Zero Latency is redefining interactive entertainment in much the same way that Cinépolis has reshaped the movie watching experience for decades,” said Zero Latency CEO Tim Ruse. “Watching movies or playing VR games at home simply does not compare to getting friends and family together for a blockbuster-scale experience in a luxurious movie theater or warehouse-sized, free-roam game arena. If you want a truly memorable VR adventure that is also a shared social experience with your friends, you can only find that by getting off the couch and heading to a Zero Latency-powered arena.”
Guests at the Mexican theater will have access to three of ZL's great games: Zombie Survival, Singularity and Engineerium.
“Cinépolis has always been an innovator and we are constantly looking for new opportunities and modern technologies to deliver amazing entertainment for our customers,” said Gabriel Morales, Cinema Technology Director. “Zero Latency's one-of-a-kind, free-roam technology delivers uniquely immersive virtual reality adventures that movie fans and gamers alike will love. Mexican movie fans will be able to see their favorite blockbusters and escape into an epic adventure at Cinépolis VR powered by Zero Latency, all in the same location.”
The House on Thursday overwhelmingly passed a rescue package for debt-stricken Puerto Rico, clearing a major hurdle in the ongoing effort to bring relief to the U.S. territory of 3.5...
In this April 6, 2017, file photo, former United States Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton speaks during the Eighth Annual Women In The World Summit at Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts in New York City.
For over 600 days, Hillary Clinton's pastor wrote daily inspirational letters drawn from Biblical scripture during the presidential campaign.
Hundreds of those letters have now been compiled in a book, "Strong For a Moment Like This." The collection features a letter sent in the aftermath of her election loss.
Rev. Dr. Bill Shillady, the New York-based executive director of the United Methodist City Society, has been a longtime friend and pastor to the former U.S. secretary of state, senator and first lady.
“I wrote to her on a daily basis. If I was not writing then there was team of writers,” Shillady said during a phone interview with NBC.
The collection, published by Abingdon Press, includes 365 of the more than 600 devotions written for Clinton, along with personal notes, portions of her speeches, and headlines that provide context for that day's devotion.
“On the difficult days, like the terrorist incidents, we dug deep and found gratitude for life,” he said.
The day after the 2016 election, Shillady sent a letter beginning with the title "Sunday Is Coming" and ending with one of his cherished phrases.
"You know one of my favorite sayings is 'God doesn't close one door without opening another, but it can be hell in the hallway,'" he wrote in the last paragraph. "My sister Hillary. You, our nation, our world is experiencing a black Friday. Our hope is that Sunday is coming. But it might well be hell for a while."
Here is the letter "Sunday Is Coming":
According to Shillady, the post-election letter has been shared over 40,000 times on social media. The letter shares the struggle of disciples after the loss of Jesus Christ and the reminder that for Clinton there was more to be grateful for in life.
“Most of the response has been positive and some thought I was comparing her to Christ — that is simply not true,” he said. “If you really read it then you will understand.“
The book, "Strong For a Moment Like This," is due for sale in stores and online on Aug. 15.
Shillady and his team of writers came from different backgrounds, including Presbyterian, Baptist and a clergy of women. All the clergy writers, hopeful about the outcome of the election, used daily news headlines as a source of inspiration for the devotions.
“A German theologian Karl Barth said something like 'a pastor is not worth their weight if they don't have a newspaper in one hand and a Bible in the other,'” he said. “[The devotions] reminded her that she was child of God and of her strength, qualities this campaign demanded from her.”
NBC contacted the Clinton Foundation for a comment about the book and have not yet received a response.
Shillady said each chapter in the book is organized into 12 themes, such as forgiveness, doing good, courage, and women.
Sierra Leone Telegraph: 4 July 2018:
The report of the Governance Transition Committee appointed by President Julius Maada Bio on 6 April to review the status of Sierra Leone's government departments, ministries and agencies, the economy, as well as public assets, has been submitted to President Bio by committee chairman – professor David Francis.
The report which is said to have exposed massive corruption and mismanagement of public affairs by the former Koroma government, will today be presented to the country's media at a press conference in Freetown, which will be chaired by professor Francis for questions and answers from local journalists.
The report is said to contain details of ex-President Koroma's ‘frantic' plunder of state assets, racketeering by customs and National Revenue Authority officials, widespread tribalism by the APC government, and massive theft by its top officials, including president Koroma.
The committee recommends that president Bio sets up a Special Commissions Court, led by a serving judge, to prosecute APC officials whose corruption and plunder of state's assets were particularly significant.
Global Times reports that it has been exclusively briefed by several members of the Transition Team on the report's damning contents. They include:
The fraudulent sale of government's 30% share in Sierra Rutile – acquired in 2005 by President Tejan Kabbah's government – for a mere $12 million by John Bonoh Sisay and his cousin President Koroma, apparently to themselves, in 2012. When Sierra Rutile was bought over by the Australian company Iluka Resources for $375 million, the 30% share they had purchased earned them $113 million.
The report says that the country was losing $390 million every year because customs officials and NRA officials were under-invoicing and deliberately misrepresenting imported and exported goods. Cement, for example, was recorded as rice, because cement is taxed and rice is not. Cooking oil, which is taxed, was recorded as water, which is not taxed. The report recommends that the import of water should be banned.
The report says that the government owes some $1.4 billion to local contractors and vendors, but most of those contractors and vendors are APC cronies or relatives and business partners of ex-President Koroma.
The report says that Koroma's government purged people of Mende ethnicity in government agencies and commissions, and promoted those of his Temne, Limba and Loko ethnicity with no regard for qualification or merit.
It says that Koroma employed hundreds of APC partisans to useless jobs, which shot up the government's wage bill by millions of dollars a year.
The report rejects ex-President Koroma's claim in his handover notes that he left a robust economy.
The report says that Koroma left a ‘broken' economy with an external debt of $1.6 billion and domestic debt owing to the commercial banks and other financial institutions amounting to $658 million. Interest on the loans alone, it claims, amount to $262 million per year but government's domestic revenue generation was projected to amount to a mere $539 million because of all the under-invoicing and tax, customs and duty waivers this year.
The report documents the sale of civil servants' and ministerial quarters by the APC government in its final three months in office to mainly APC partisans at extremely low, under market prices. For example, Fanny Koroma, the daughter of former works minister Alimamy Petito Koroma, bought a well-appointed house on Wilkinson Road for Le.100 million, or $12,000. The price of a plot of land in that area is several times more than that.
Moreover, as we reported yesterday, the monies deposited in a special account for the sale of 29 of those government properties were stolen by the APC by the time President Bio took over.
Ex-President Koroma also sold several government properties to his friend, Mohamed Wanza, a notorious criminal who President Kabbah was stripped of his citizenship and deported.
The former President also bought, at very low prices, government properties on Spur Road and elsewhere that a Cabinet Conclusion had declared must be kept in reserve.
Another of the report's most damaging findings, according to the briefing to Global Times, was that the Transition Team found experts at the Sierra Leone Roads Transport Corporation who claimed that 100 buses bought by Minister of Transport and Aviation, the grimy Leonard ‘Logus Balogun Koroma, in China in 2014 were massively overpriced.
The SLRTC, for whom Logus bought the buses as a loan to be repaid, had advised against the purchase but were ignored, the report says. In fact, the SLRTC is emphatic that the $12 million allegedly spent by Logus to buy the buses in China can be used to buy 200 better buses.
Many of the Chinese buses have already been wrecked, and that are no spare parts for them. The team recommends a thorough of this deal as well as several other dubious deals costing hundreds of millions of dollars entered into by the APC. They include the Mamamah Airport project and the contract to purchase cars for Paramount Chiefs.
The Sierra Leone Telegraph will bring you full analysis and comments on the content of the Report ponce its made public later today.
Share this: Tumblr
Email
Print
Google
Reddit
LinkedIn
Twitter
WhatsApp
More
Pinterest
Facebook
(Kim Kozlowski/Detroit News via AP). Eaton County Sheriff's deputies restrain Randall Margraves, father of three victims of Larry Nassar, Friday, Feb. 2, 2018, in Eaton County Circuit Court in Charlotte, Mich. The incident came during the third and fi...
(Cory Morse/The Grand Rapids Press via AP). Randall Margraves sits in handcuffs as he prepares to stand in front of Judge Janice Cunningham for a contempt of court hearing after he lunged at Larry Nassar during Nassar's sentencing at Eaton County Circu...
(Cory Morse/The Grand Rapids Press via AP). Randall Margraves, left, talks to attorney Mick Grewal, as he prepares to stand in front of Judge Janice Cunningham for a contempt of court hearing after he lunged at Larry Nassar during Nassar's sentencing a...
(Cory Morse/The Grand Rapids Press via AP). Eaton County Sheriff's deputies restrain Randall Margraves, father of three victims of Larry Nassar, Friday, Feb. 2, 2018, in Eaton County Circuit Court in Charlotte, Mich. The incident came during the third...
(Cory Morse/The Grand Rapids Press via AP). Randall Margraves, father of three victims of Larry Nassar , left, lunges at Nassar, bottom right, Friday, Feb. 2, 2018, in Eaton County Circuit Court in Charlotte, Mich. The incident came during the third a...
By DAVID EGGERT and MIKE HOUSEHOLDER
Associated Press
CHARLOTTE, Mich. (AP) - A distraught father seething over sexual abuse suffered by three daughters tried to attack former sports doctor Larry Nassar in a Michigan courtroom after a judge rejected his request to confront the "demon" in a locked room, a stunning rush that reflected the anguish felt by parents who trusted him with their children.
Randall Margraves was blocked by an attorney, tackled by sheriff's deputies and hauled out of court Friday. He later apologized, saying he had lost control. Eaton County Judge Janice Cunningham said there was "no way" she would fine him or send him to jail under her contempt-of-court powers.
"I don't know what it would be like to stand there as a father and know that three of your girls were injured physically and emotionally by somebody sitting in a courtroom. I can't imagine that," the judge said.
Nonetheless, she added, it is "not acceptable that we combat assault with assault."
The incident occurred during the third and final sentencing hearing for Nassar, who has admitted to sexually assaulting girls under the guise of medical treatment. This case focuses on his work at Twistars, an elite gymnastics club southwest of Lansing.
Nassar, 54, already will spend the rest of his life in prison. He was sentenced last week to 40 to 175 years in prison for assaults at Michigan State University and his home and was ordered in December to spend 60 years in a federal prison for child pornography crimes.
Nassar pleaded guilty to molesting nine victims in Eaton and Ingham counties, but the courts have been open to anyone who says she was assaulted during his decades of work at Michigan State, Twistars and USA Gymnastics, which trains Olympians. More than 200 accusers so far have spoken or submitted statements in the two counties, and at least 80 percent have agreed to be publicly identified.
Margraves' dramatic move occurred after he listened to two of his daughters speak in court for 10 minutes. Lauren Margraves, a college student, said her parents were "filled with regret" because they took three daughters to see Nassar for sports injuries.
"I see the look in their faces and I know they want to be able to do something but they can't," she told Nassar. "The guilt they have will never go away. All this is because of you."
Her father then stepped up and asked the judge if she would grant him "five minutes in a locked room with this demon." Cunningham declined and also turned down his request for "one minute." That is when Randall Margraves rushed toward Nassar.
There were gasps and tears in the courtroom. Assistant Attorney General Angela Povilaitis turned to the gallery and told families to "use your words," not violence.
"This is letting him have this power over us," she said. "We cannot behave like this."
During a return to court, Margraves told the judge that he just snapped. He said he had not known what exactly his daughters were going to say about their abuse.
"I look over here and Larry Nassar's shaking his head, no, like it didn't happen. ... I'm embarrassed," Margraves said of his conduct. "I'm not here to upstage my daughters. I'm here to help them heal."
About 30 more people spoke in person, by video or had statements read after the incident. The case will end Monday with final remarks from the prosecutor, defense and Nassar, followed by the judge's sentence. Nassar faces a minimum of 25 to 40 years in prison.
At a news conference, Margraves repeated his apology and insisted he's "no hero."
"My daughters are the heroes, and all the victims and the survivors of this terrible atrocity," he said.
Melissa Alexander Vigogne, who traveled from France to speak, said she was surprised that an attack had not been attempted earlier.
"It's not that that's how we should respond. But it's truly understandable - the amount of pain that we've all gone through," Vigogne said outside court.
Sheriff Tom Reich said his officers will investigate what happened in court and send a report to the local prosecutor.
The judge started the day by addressing comments made by a Nassar lawyer who said she had doubts about the large number of women and girls who say they were assaulted by Nassar. Cunningham called Shannon Smith's remarks "unfortunate" and said Nassar did not authorize them.
Smith told Detroit radio station WWJ that it is "really unfortunate" if some people stepped forward only because of all the recent attention. Nassar released a statement saying Smith's comments were a distraction and that his accusers' remarks "have pierced my soul."
Many of Nassar's accusers have blamed Michigan State, USA Gymnastics and the U.S. Olympic Committee for not doing earlier to stop him. The USOC announced Friday that it hired a law firm to conduct an independent investigation. And the coordinator of the women's national team for USA Gymnastics, Valeri Liukin, said he was stepping down.
___
AP reporter Ed White in Detroit contributed to this story.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Potentially deadly gas is leaking into vehicles.
You may have heard reports of Ford Explorers in police departments having problems, but our I-Team found consumer complaints are sky rocketing.
Frustrated Florida customers are speaking out about the smell of exhaust fumes inside their Ford Explorers.
"My oldest son at one point got sick and nauseated and threw up in the back there," says Andrew Zellner a South Florida customer.
Zellner tell us despite several attempts to fix the issue he still had exhaust fumes in his SUV.
Megan VanOrden in St. Pete has 5 kids, she notices the smell every time she accelerates.
"I have all the kids with me all the time. And to be like 'oh I'm not going to use the interstate because of this stupid smell' is frustrating."
In describing the smell she says, "I don't know if you've ever smelt burning hair or someone getting a perm in a salon but it is like you are emersed in a cloud of that smell."
Larry Kent in Largo is not taking any chances, he has 2 children. He bought a carbon monoxide detector after he says Ford tried fixing the problem 4 times, and he still smells the exhaust.
"You spend 40 thousand dollars on a car you expect it to not kill you. Ya know I wish Ford would take ownership of the problem, I don't understand how they can sell a family vehicle that can potentially harm my family," he tells us.
It's a problem ford recognized in their police vehicles.
Police interceptors, a version of the explorer, have been taken off roads by the hundreds across the country.
In a dash cam video, a California police officer swerves off the road, over several lanes, before crashing into a tree.
Over the summer, Austin pulled its fleet of nearly 600 modified explorers after 60 officers filed official complaints about fumes in their vehicles.
Florida drivers say it's not just police vehicles.
According to a report from the Center for Auto Safety in Washington D.C., complaints to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, NHTSA, have increased 900 percent since the feds began investigating Ford in July of 2016.
The 48-year-old consumer group's Executive Director, Jason Levine, sent a letter to Ford's CEO demanding a recall of the 1.3 million vehicles potentially affected. Explorers from 2011 to 2017.
"We don't need to wait for a body count to see Ford do what it needs to do," says Levine
He warns the public, "carbon monoxide is not something that's a piece of mind problem. It's a dangerous problem that kills over 400 people a year. We'd like to see Ford take this more seriously and recall the vehicles."
In Florida, we found more than 170 complaints to NHTSA, Tampa Bay had at least 44.
The I-Team spoke to more than a dozen in our area all complaining of headaches, dizziness, and vomiting.
One driver we found crashed two Ford Explorers after passing out. He says he's never had any other health issues.
Megan VanOrden says it's frustrating.
"I don't think it's fair for them to just kind of shrug it off and walk away."
Ford continues to dismiss the need for a recall. In our request for an interview the company responds in a written statement:
"Can't make someone available for this, but I can share this statement:
Explorers are safe. Ford's investigation and extensive testing has not found carbon monoxide levels that exceed what people are exposed to every day. The safety of our customers is paramount. We encourage customers with carbon monoxide concerns to bring their vehicle to their local Ford dealer for a free service designed to reduce the concern. If they are not satisfied with the service, we encourage them to call our dedicated hotline at 888-260-5575."
Daniel Barbossa | Ford Communications
But the owners we spoke to say despite several attempts to fix the issue they continue to smell the exhaust fumes.
_________________________________
Jarrod Holbrook is an Emmy and AP Award-winning Investigative Reporter for the ABC Action News I-Team. Do you have a story idea? Contact Jarrod on Facebook, Twitter, or via email at jarrod.holbrook@wfts.com.
Police in New York City are looking for a suspect who they say robbed a 68-year-old in a walker and put him in a chokehold before stealing $300. The same person is accused of robbing a 48-year-old man in the same way and at the same apartment complex in February. New York Police Department
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Best Upcoming Pet Adoption Events In MiamiAnimal shelters are brimming with pets that have been lost or abandoned. Many of the shelters in South Florida are no-kill shelters. This often causes overcrowding and a shortage of funds to care for the animals. So the shelters in Miami/Dade and Broward Counties hold frequent adoption events to try and find loving homes for the dogs and cats living at the shelters. So check out the adoption events below and give a lost or abandoned pet a new home.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- The federal class action lawsuit that was highlighted in FOX 4's report on federal gun recall power limits took center stage at the Whittaker Federal Courthouse in downtown Kansas City on Tuesday.
The class action, which includes a metro area plaintiff, alleged Remington knew it had defective triggers in its 700 series rifles dating back to 1947, but failed to fix the flaw until 2006. It's estimated more than 7 million of the defective rifles could be out there, though it's unknown how many are still in use.
At issue is triggers that fire even though they are not touched. The guns have killed and maimed, and Remington has also faced individual lawsuits.
Lawyers from Remington and the gun owners reached a settlement after years of negotiation, and Tuesday they presented it before Federal Judge Ortrie Smith.
Nine states have objected to the settlement. They joined other objectors in court Tuesday arguing the settlement isn't good enough.
Remington and the plaintiffs argue the important thing is to get guns repaired, which is at the heart of the settlement. But so far, only about 22,000 claims have been filed, a fact that concerns Judge Smith. He questioned whether notice has been adequate, and if paying gun owners might be a better remedy.
The attorneys general also raised the low claim rate argument, as well as the fact that Remington would be off the hook for an estimated half-a-billion dollars in claims. That fact was also noted by the judge.
The settlement supporters say notice efforts have included emails, posters, social media and radio, and that gun owners would have 18 months to file for the trigger retrofit. That process lawyers noted, was an easy on-line system that would allow the gun owners to ship their guns to licensed repair shops, or in some cases, to Remington itself.
In the settlement, Remington does not admit the trigger is defective, but agrees to the repairs at no cost to the owners.
Attorneys are seeking 12 million dollars in legal fees, another aspect troubling to the judge given the claims rate so far. But the lawyers argue case law does not make that a factor to consider.
The Remington case was part of our FOX 4 story on the laws that prohibit the Consumer Product Safety Commission from ordering recalls on guns or ammunition. It's rooted in the 2nd Amendment and fears by those who oppose recall powers for the federal government as potentially a "slippery slope" toward confiscation of firearms. Gun manufacturers can voluntarily recall guns, but they can't be ordered to do so.
Judge Smith heard about three hours of argument, and took the settlement under advisement. He says he hopes to rule in the next 30 days.
Earlier this month, 9-year-old Keeli Marsden posted videos on Twitter after several failed attempts to meet her favorite team, the Vegas Golden Knights. Now she may get that chance thanks to Golden Knights fans who donated money to fly her to Vegas.
Keeli got to go to Game 5 in Winnipeg, but she missed the Knights at the airport as they flew out of Winnipeg victorious.
“So I took her home, she had cried on the way home,” her mother Rachel Brown said. “I know Keeli is only 9 but ever since Vegas got an NHL team, she always says, ‘Take me to Vegas!'”
Golden Knights fan Laura Meisaichi lives in Arizona and had been following Keeli's journey on Twitter.
A 9-year-old @GoldenKnights fan from Winnipeg tried several times to see the team. So VGK fans stepped up to help, raising money to fly Keeli to Vegas! Full story on @FOX5Vegas pic.twitter.com/ryoXRwkA9R — Tiana Bohner (@FOX5_Tiana) May 26, 2018
“To see that, I just knew it was important to her so I wanted to make it happen for her,” she said.
So she decided to take action, posting that instead of trying to buy tickets to the Final herself, she wanted to raise money to fly Keeli to Vegas.
“It's Vegas Golden Knight heaven when you're there. They'll love it!” Meisaichi said.
And in just five days, Golden Knights fans rallied together, raising $1,000 for Keeli.
“It was everybody, whoever donated, whoever shared,” she said.
FOX5 caught Keeli's reaction on camera when her mom shared the good news.
“Fans in Las Vegas have donated enough for us,” Brown said. “You and dad are going to Vegas to watch a practice!”
So with her trip booked, Keeli will just have to brave the long lines at City National Arena.
“It's as long as the Disneyland lines,” one fan said.
“Hey, you know what, they're worth it,” another fan said. “They're worth it. They put on an amazing show. They keep us entertained. They've cheered us up, they've brought us together.”
Fans waited hours to buy gear and watch the Knights play.
But Keeli and her family said it's all worth it to see her dream team up-close.
“It's honestly - it's been overwhelming,” Brown said. “I cannot get over how Vegas fans have taken in our Winnipeg girl as a Vegas knights fan.”
Keeli and her dad will fly in the first week of June.
They're already working on a sign to help her stand out among the crowd at practice.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
A brilliant individual try by Andreas Zacharia with just 30 seconds left snatched victory from the jaws of defeat for Mansfield.
It was a piece of vintage Zacharia as he picked the ball up wide, some 60 metres out, stormed his way upfield and proved unstoppable, beating the last defender before crashing over in the corner.
It snatched a 23-21 win for Mansfield at the end of a thrilling back-and-forth encounter against Kesteven at snowy Eakring Road. And it lifted the blue-and-whites into third place in the Midlands 3 East (North) division of the National League, albeit a long way behind the top two, Long Eaton and Ashby.
Zacharia's heroics, combined with a thunderous tackle by Sam Holmes in the final play of the match that prevented the visitors coming back again, also let Mansfield off the hook because they had earlier turned an 18-7 lead into a three-point deficit.
Relieved head coach Wayne Robinson said: “For 70 minutes, our defence was fantastic. But the last ten minutes nearly cost us. Thankfully, the lads dug deep and got over the line.”
The snow-covered pitch was only passed fit to play after an inspection, but the decision was rewarded by an entertaining encounter in which there was little to choose between the two teams.
Ultimately, the difference was the home side's ability to convert their territory into points, beginning with an early penalty from the boot of Regan Hubbard.
Kesteven responded by registering their first try under the posts to go 7-3 up. But to Mansfield's credit, they didn't concede any more points until those last ten minutes, thanks to some outstanding defence, a strong scrum and powerful running. The pack also set a platform, with the standout performance coming from man-of-the-match Kyan Johnson.
Mansfield's dominance up front allowed Joe Ducker to take advantage of clean ball and score a brace of incredibly similar, visually exciting and impressive tries. Both required a lot of speed and nifty footwork, and one of them was converted by Hubbard.
In the second half, the bulk of possession and territory went to Kesteven, whose doggedness and determination was relentless. The break they needed came with a succession of penalties, from one of which they pegged the score back to 18-14 with a try and conversion. They kept the momentum going and, as time ran out, they added seven more points to edge in front.
WINNIPEG — The perilous walk through frozen fields at the border between the United States and Manitoba was just the latest chapter of a three-continent, danger-filled journey for Mohammed and Mamood, two of the growing number of asylum-seekers who are hoping for a new life in Canada.
They say they had already walked through South American forests, crammed into over-filled boats, spent months in detention centres in the United States, and paid high fees to those who provided transport.
It was to escape what they say is the threat of death back in Ghana.
"We are not here to cause problem or something. No, we want to make here our home because we have lost our home. We have no place," Mohammed said Tuesday as he sat in the small two-bedroom apartment that serves as a temporary shelter for him, Mamood and four other recent arrivals. One bedroom has two sets of bunk beds with barely enough room to walk in between.
The two men agreed to talk about their experience but asked that their last names not be used for fear that their friends and family in Ghana may suffer. Neither man wanted to provide details on why they fled Ghana, other than what Mamood called "personal issues with the community."
The Canadian Press talked to their lawyer, Bashir Khan, who confirmed their applications before the Immigration and Refugee Board of Canada. They'll have to be specific when they appear before the refugee board in the coming weeks.
Mohammed — a slight, friendly 31-year-old — says he left Ghana in 2014. He flew to Brazil, then to Ecuador, and started making his way further north through Colombia and Panama. He took buses or walked, sometimes through the night, he said.
He recalls going through thick forests and at one point, getting on a crowded boat for a seven-hour trip further north, hiding under a plastic tarp with others.
"You have to pay the fisherman, so you pay I think $600 and they smuggle you at night."
He eventually got to the United States at a border crossing south of San Diego, he says, and was immediately detained for 10 months. By February 2016, he was released, and later lived in New York, where he learned his application to stay in the U.S. had been denied.
In late November, he decided to go to Canada and took a bus to Minneapolis on the false assumption that the city was close to the Canadian border. It was at the Minneapolis bus station where he met Mamood, he says.
"We speak the same language, so we talk and he said he is going to Canada ... and I said 'we can just go together.'"
Mamood, two years younger and somewhat taller than Mohammed, tells a similar story — a lengthy trek through Central America, making a refugee claim after getting to the United States, being detained for several months and eventually fleeing toward the Canadian border when his refugee application was denied.
Because both men had first applied for refugee status in the U.S. they would be turned back at an official border crossing under the Canada-U.S. Safe Third Country Agreement. If they managed to get on Canadian soil and were then arrested, they could stay while their refugee applications were processed.
At the Minneapolis bus station, the men say, they were shocked to learn they were at least a six-hour drive from the Canadian border. A cabbie charged them $600 each to take them to the area just across from Emerson, Man. — a community that has become a hot spot for illicit crossings in recent weeks.
They ended up being dropped off near a sugar factory that turned out to be a seven-hour walk to the border. The say they dressed in multiple sweaters and jackets. It was relatively mild weather for late fall on the Prairies, but they occasionally got wet and very cold.
"There are some waters that you have to pass through ... when you come out, your leg will be like frozen," Mohammed said.
Eventually, they crossed through a field on the border. It was after midnight when they reached a hotel in Emerson.
"We pushed the door, it was open. And we just entered and sleep in the corridor until one and a half hours (later), the guy came and he called police for us," Mohammed said.
The men's lawyer says while the number of people crossing the border in recent weeks has jumped, the issue pre-dates the election of U.S. president Donald Trump.
The problem, Khan says, is that refugee claimants in the U.S. are often held for months in detention centres without being able to get legal help or call their home countries for documentation.
"This is the lack of access to justice that happened, and that was under (former) president Obama," Khan said.
Khan, who specializes in immigration and refugee cases, normally handles very few illicit border-crossers in the winter. This year has been different.
"In seven years, I've never seen anyone come in the winter like this from the U.S.," he said.
"It's always ... spring until late fall when people would come, and they would trickle in. It wouldn't be this kind of desperation."
Steve Lambert, The Canadian Press
EMERALD ISLE, N.C. (WNCT)–As the tourism season ramps up with the warmer weather, coastal communities are reaping the benefits.
But some local towns are already thinking about the offseason and how to keep the tourists coming.
Emerald Isle is hoping to turn the abandoned go-kart and bumper boat facility located on Islander Driver into a meeting and events center.
The lot's been vacant for over a decade.
The town hopes to purchase the 1.8-acre parcel in the coming month.
“We are doing that really to boost tourism visitation during the fall, winter and spring months,” Frank Rush, town manager, said.
Emerald Isle's population increases from four thousand folks during the offseason, to about 40,000 during the summer months.
“In Western Carteret County, there's really a void,” Rush said. “There's not a facility that can accommodate large groups. We want to have this facility available for perhaps weddings, family reunions, and special public events.”
Talk of the event center is good news for businesses like K9's and Coffee.
Owner Wendy Megyese says she believes the event center will help keep business up year round.
“I feel that it will bring growth and visitors, the kind that we want, which will help to sustain the businesses during the slow season,” Megyese said.
The town estimates a cost to purchase and clear the land of about $700,000.
Rush says the center would be a catalyst for future redevelopment along Islander Drive.
“It's an opportunity we hope to revitalize the entire Islander Drive area, which just doesn't look as nice as we all would like,” he said.
The town says the facility would include both public and private components, including an enhanced public beach access, the event center, and private commercial investments.
The town will request $450,000 in economic development funding from Carteret County during Monday's Board of Commissioner's meeting.
Paintings looted by Nazis during World War II, are on display at the Louvre museum, in Paris
Paintings looted by Nazis during World War II, are on display at the Louvre museum, in Paris
THE LOUVRE MUSEUM is putting 31 paintings on permanent display in an effort to find the rightful owners of those and other works of art looted by Nazis during World War II.
The Paris museum opened two showrooms last month to display the paintings, which are among thousands of works of art looted by German forces in France between 1940 and 1945.
More than 45,000 objects have been handed back to their rightful owners since the war, but more than 2,000 remain unclaimed, including 296 paintings stored at the Louvre.
“These paintings don't belong to us. Museums often looked like predators in the past, but our goal is to return them,” Sebastien Allard, the head of the paintings department at the Louvre, told The Associated Press.
“The large majority of the retrieved artworks have been plundered from Jewish families during World War II. Beneficiaries can see these artworks, declare that these artworks belong to them, and officially ask for their return.”
The paintings in the new showrooms are from various artists of different eras and horizons, including a remarkable landscape from Theodore Rousseau, La Source du Lizon.
‘We need to draw attention to this'
Other more famous looted works had already been on display in the museum, but visitors did not necessarily know they had been stolen by the Nazis. In museums, pieces of art retrieved by the French authorities are identified with the label “MNR”, French initials for National Museums Recovery.
“We needed to draw attention further to the matter and raise public awareness,” said Allard.
“We thought it was important to highlight the specific case of these works, which are not listed on our inventories.”
The Louvre initiative is the latest effort by French authorities to find heirs of families who lost their artwork. A working group set up by the Culture Ministry is in charge of tracing back the origins of the art and identifying owners. However, it's a long and laborious task – only some 50 pieces have been returned since 1951.
“People who come forward need, for instance, to establish the proof that the artwork belonged to their grandfather,” Allard said.
“They need to find old family pictures and payment slips, or gather testimonies. It can take years.”
In addition to the display of art in several museums across the country, French authorities have also designed an MNR catalogue, which is available online and can help owners identify their items without travelling to the Louvre.
The complete list is known under the name of Rose Valland, a French curator who risked her life keeping notes on all the art the Nazis stole during the war.
Hello is set to be the big Tollywood release of the upcoming Christmas season. The film, featuring Akhil Akinneni in the lead role, is expected to make a grand release on December 22, 2017.
Directed by Vikram Kumar, Hello is the second acting venture of Akhil Akkineni as a lead hero. Vikram Kumar, with Hello, is expected to deliver yet another big hit to Tollywood.
Some of the songs of Hello have already gained the attention of the audiences. The audio launch ceremony of Hello was held at MGM studios inVisakhapatnam on December 10, 2017.
The big function was attended by celebrities like Nagarjuna, Priyadarshan, Akhil Akkineni, Kalyani Priyadarshan, Vikram Kumar and others. Take a look at some photos from the function..
Nagarjuna & Others Nagarjuna, who has produced the film under the banner of Annapurna Studios, was present for the big function. In this picture, you could see Nagarjuna along with Akhil Akkineni, Vikram Kumar and Anup Rubens.
Akhil Akkineni, who plays the lead role in this upcoming movie, spoke a few words during the function. In his emotional speech, he thanked his parents and Vikram Kumar for supporting him throughout - even during the tough times.
Kalyani Priyadarshan Kalyani Priyadarshan, the daughter of popular film-maker Priyadarshan is making her debut as a leading lady with Hello. Earlier, the actress had worked as an assistant art director in the film Irumugan.
Priyadarshan Popular film-maker Priyadarshan was also present for the grand function held in Vishakapattanam. Interestingly, Vikram Kumar had earlier worked as an assistant to the ace film-maker.
Amala Akkineni Yesteryear actress Amala Akkineni made it a point to grace the big audio launch function of her son's upcoming movie. In this picture, you could see Amala Akkineni, Kalyani Priyadarshan and Priyadarshan.
Anup Rubens Hello has its songs set to tune by popular music director Anup Rubens. Hello has 5 songs in it and most of them have emerged as catchy numbers.
LIVE Performance The live performance of Akhil Akkineni was one of the major highlights of the movie. He did impress the audience with his dance performance. Importantly, he also sang live on stage.
MORE PICTURES! Hello Audio Launch Ceremony
Hundreds of HP Laptops, Tablets Found with Pre-Installed Keylogger
A security researcher has found that hundreds of different models of HP notebooks, tablets and other devices include a keylogger that could track and record every keystroke a user makes. Linked to touchpad drivers made by Synaptics, the keylogger is disabled by default and can be fixed with security patches released by HP last month.
The keylogger was discovered by security researcher Michael Myng, who publicly disclosed his findings in a blog post Thursday. In his post, Myng said that he messaged HP about his discovery and the company responded quickly by confirming the issue and releasing a software update to resolve the problem.
HP said neither it nor Synaptics "has access to customer data as a result of this issue." However, after a registry change, the keylogger could enable a malicious actor to monitor a user's keyboard activity.
More than 450 Affected Devices
Writing under the handle "ZwClose," Myng said he discovered the keylogger after an associate asked whether he could find a way to control the keyboard backlighting on an HP laptop. When he opened the keyboard driver SynTP.sys, Myng said he noticed "a few interesting strings," in particular, one that looked like a format string for a keylogger.
"I messaged HP about the finding," Myng said. "They replied terrificly [sic] fast, confirmed the presence of the keylogger (which actually was a debug trace) and released an update that removes the trace."
In a Nov. 7 security update, HP provided links to software patches for more than 450 products, including multiple models of the HP Notebook, HP EliteBook, HP Mobile Thin Client, HP ProBook, HP Spectre Pro and HP ZBook Mobile Workstation. The company said that affected users should install the appropriate update for their devices as soon as possible.
Second Keylogger Issue this Year
"A potential security vulnerability has been identified with certain versions of Synaptics touchpad drivers that impacts all Synaptics OEM partners," HP said in last month's security bulletin. "A party would need administrative privileges in order to take advantage of the vulnerability."
This isn't the first time such an issue has affected HP devices. In May, researchers with Switzerland-based security company Modzero reported finding a keylogging vulnerability in the Conexant audio drivers in HP laptops.
That problem, like the one reported by Myng, was blamed on debugging code that had been inadvertently left by developers. It also affected numerous models, including HP EliteBooks, ProBooks, and ZBooks.
In a statement acknowledging the May keylogger discovery, HP said it had "no access to customer data as a result of this issue. Our supplier partner developed software to test audio functionality prior to product launch and it should not have been included in the final shipped version."
Image credit: iStock.
Aleppo, SANA- One civilian was injured and huge material damage was caused to the citizens' properties due to terrorist rocket shell attack on al-Nile Street neighborhood in Aleppo.
A source at Aleppo Police Command said that the terrorist organizations fired 5 rocket shells on the local market area in al-Nile Street Neighborhood, injuring a civilian and causing material damage to the houses and properties.
H. Zain/ Ghossoun
A new survey by Creditcards.com finds that 3 out of 4 parents help their adult kids with at least some of their bills. Another survey back in 2009 found 2 out of 5 also supported their adult kids. Does this sound like you? My son is still a teenager and I don't want to support him in adulthood….but I can't see me saying no if he needs help. What do you think? How much is too much?
Rebecca
Survey: Most parents help adult children pay bills
The Country Living Fair brought the magazine's content to life and gave guests access to a unique shopping experience, which included antiques sellers, food purveyors, artists, furniture makers, crafters and more.
Wilson County Expo Center marketing director Charity Toombs said the event brought thousands of people to the center during the three-day fair.
The fair included local Tennessee vendors, including Bradley's Creamery, a Brentwood artisanal ice cream inspired by old-fashioned Southern favorites; Cousins Maine Lobster, a Murfreesboro food truck that serves up fresh lobster, lobster rolls, soups and sides; JBS Mercantile, a Mt. Juliet modern farmhouse-style home décor business; Love & Fig a Nashville business with playful and fun kitchen accessories; Scarlett Scales Antiques a Franklin antiques shop; Southern Fried Design Barn a Lebanon supplier of paper goods; and more.
Special guests included Rachel Ashwell with Shabby Chic and author of “My Floral Affair: Whimsical Spaces and Beautiful Florals,” Amie Sikes and Jolie Sikes-Smith from “Junk Gypsies,” Elliott Farmer, a Food Network chef and television personality, Maneet Chauhan, a Food Network celebrity chef and owner of Chauhan Ale and Masala House, and more.
Additional fairs are to follow in Rhinebeck, New York on June 1-3, Columbus, Ohio on June 15-17 and Sept. 14-16 and will finish up in Atlanta on Oct. 26-28. Each fair features 200-plus vendors from more than 25 states and draws more than 25,000 visitors from across the country.
Keith Urban celebrated New Year's Eve with a free performance in Nashville on Dec. 31.
Before the guitar dropped (yes, Nashville drops a guitar—eat your heart out NYC), Keith performed a medley of hits in tribute to artists who died in 2016, including George Michael's “I'm Never Gonna Dance Again,” Leonard Cohen's “Hallelujah,” Glenn Frey of the Eagles' “Take It Easy,” David Bowie's “Heroes,” Merle Haggard's “Mamma Tried” and Prince's “Purple Rain.”
Check out the performance below, which includes a dancing cameo by Keith's wife, Nicole Kidman.
Suspected kidnap kingpin, Chukwudumeme Onwuamadike, alias Evans,will be carged to Court in next month,the police has said..and that the police is taking time because Nigerians will not be happy if we lose such a case in court on the basis of technical matters.”
Police spokesman, Mr. Moshood Jimoh, said that the investigation has also led to the arrest of more associates of Evans who were found to be probably wealthier and living bigger than himEvans is spending his second month in police custody and is expected to be formally charged within the next one month, Jimoh said.
He said:”You may recall that a Federal High Court granted us a three month remand warrant for Evans. We are just into the second month now and before the expiration of the third month, it is expected that we should be taking him to court.
“The little time is to ensure that we conduct a thorough and detailed investigation.
“This is somebody that committed crimes across several states and even went outside Nigeria.
“You may recall that he illegally acquired a Ghanaian passport with a Ghanaian name but with his passport photograph.
“He was also fingered for involvement in other crimes in South Africa and other places. So we need a little time to properly round things up and ensure that he is properly prosecuted because Nigerians will not be happy if we lose such a case in court on the basis of technical matters.”
He said relations of former victims of Evans' are among those being detained by the police.
They are suspected of giving information about the former kidnap victims to Evans.
He advised the public to be security conscious at all times to avoid falling prey to kidnappers.
His words: “He (Evans) did things with lots of such people and we have lots of suspects who had collaborated with him in one way or the other; we even have other prime suspects apart from those that were arrested with him and paraded.
“In the course of this investigation we have other prime suspects including people who broke away from Evans' gang to start their own gang – they left Evans to go and do a similar (kidnapping) business.
“Some of the suspects we later picked after detectives' interactions with Evans are even living larger than Evans.
“We are going to ensure that we don't make things public until we gather all our evidence towards securing a conviction in court.
“I won't give you figures but they are many suspects; there are a lot of accomplices, lots of former gang members and lots of other people that have in one way or the other facilitated the offences committed by Evans and others.
“There is a special group of criminal suspects that are referred to as ‘catchers'; in criminal syndicates, they are the people that identify targets and give information about innocent, law-abiding people and more of such suspects are being rounded up.
“Part of our investigation reveals that Evans himself jogs round the estate where he lives every morning and uses that opportunity to assess information on those potential victims that have what they describe as ‘kidnap value'.
“It was after his arrest that some of his surprised neighbours realized that it was this man that used to jog around; that is why security-consciousness necessitates that every citizen should be alert and see things beyond their noses now.
“Sometimes, it is easy to jeopardise your security by being a good Samaritan through acts like offering someone a lift in your car because there are persons who can take advantage of your kind or welcoming nature.
“All citizens equally need to know where potential help can come from in security emergency situations like where police or other security people are located, the right telephone numbers to call and so on.
“The Inspector-General of Police is taking the battle to criminals but maximum security is achieved through the alertness of everybody in the interest of everybody and such attitude goes a long way to prevent many people from becoming victims of criminality.”
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
By Sam McPherson
The Major League Baseball season is two weeks in, and already there have been a ton of players suffering injuries and landing on the new 10-day disabled list. The 2015 American League Most Valuable Player, Toronto Blue Jays third baseman Josh Donaldson, was off to a great start before aggravating his calf and landing on the DL. Same for two-time All-Star closer Zach Britton, who was leading the AL in saves with five. the Baltimore Orioles closer is now on the DL, too, with a forearm strain. You just can't avoid injuries in fantasy baseball, unless you're very, very lucky.
However, unlike fantasy football, which is much more punishing if you lose a top draft pick to injury so soon, you can overcome these kinds of injuries in fantasy baseball. Most of the time, you can find able replacements on the waiver wire in April to alleviate the pain of an injured player. Yes, Donaldson is harder to replace than Britton, using the above examples, because someone on the Orioles still has to save games, whereas hitting home runs and collecting RBI is harder when it comes to finding another third baseman like Donaldson.
The point is that injuries happen to almost every team in your league, and they happen often. Generally, it's always a priority to replace injured hitters first, because the counting stats (HRs, RBI, etc.) are predominant—and the skill sets are harder to replicate. With pitching, it's best to prioritize replacing closers over starters, as saves come from everywhere whereas bad starters can ruin your place in the standings, thanks to the ERA and WHIP categories.
Players to Get Onto Your Roster Now
1. Ryan Zimmerman, 1B, Washington Nationals: This would be a perfect replacement for Donaldson, if Zimmerman still played third. Depending on your roster, maybe you can juggle the 1B/3B slots a bit and grab Zimmerman while Donaldson heals. Strangely, Zimmerman was only an All-Star selection once (2009), but he's off to a good start in 2017 with a .341 average, three HRs and six RBI. It may not last long, considering recent history. He hasn't played a full season since 2013, but if you just need a few weeks out of him while Donaldson gets back to full strength, Zimmerman is as good an option as any.
2. Jason Vargas, SP, Kansas City Royals: Coming back from a UCL tear is never certain, but Vargas looks to be in good shape right now. He started three games late last year and got progressively better each time out. With another offseason to recover, Vargas has started off this season strong (2-0, 0.66 ERA, 14 strikeouts), and although he probably won't throw more than 150 innings this whole season, now's the time to get on board and ride his arm for as long as you can. Vargas isn't going to win the Cy Young Award, but you don't need him to in order to benefit from his comeback.
3. Chris Devenski, P, Houston Astros: This is an interesting proposition, since Devenski isn't in the Astros starting rotation. However, he started five games last year and should find his way into a starter's role soon. Devenski's numbers in relief this year is stellar already (17 Ks in nine innings, plus a 1.00 ERA), and for his career so far, the numbers are stable and good (117 1/3 IP, 121 Ks, 2.07 ERA, 0.886 WHIP). Even if he doesn't start that often, his overall numbers can only help your fantasy staff. Sometimes, it's the sneaky reliever types like this that win the league for you.
4. Aaron Judge, OF, New York Yankees: He had a rough start to his career last season, but Judge already looks a lot better this season (three HRs, seven RBIs, .870 OPS). His batting eye looks improved, too, based on four walks already in 10 games after Judge had nine total last year in 27 games. He could supply a ton of power for your team if another player goes down with an injury—and a lineup juggle works for you. Just 25 years old, Judge is one of several young Yankees looking to bring the power and the glory back to the Bronx.
Players to Sit/Drop This Week
1. Byron Buxton, OF, Minnesota Twins: He's still only 23 years old, but with 149 MLB games under his belt now since 2015, it doesn't look like Buxton is ever going to be the great player he was touted to be. He's struck out 23 times already this season, in just 12 games. Overall, he's hitting just .093, and again, with almost a full season compiled in stats, little about those numbers (.210 average, only 13 stolen bases) suggests he's going to have a good career. Maybe he turns it around eventually, but in single-season leagues, let someone else take the chance on Buxton. You can find better players on the waiver wire.
2. Sam Dyson, RP, Texas Rangers: Hopefully, you didn't draft both Britton and Dyson, because you'd really need to find saves now. Dyson has been a nightmare this year (0-2, 24.75 ERA) after posting 38 saves last year. But his strikeout rate has never been great (career 7.4 Ks per nine IP), so he was a risky pick to begin with this year. Psychologically, it's hard to see the Rangers going back to Dyson later for saves, especially when they have better options on their roster. Drop him and find a better reliever. Someone else can take a chance on Dyson.
3. Russell Martin, C, Toronto Blue Jays: A four-time All-Star selection, Martin (and his Blue Jays) are off to a terrible start this season. However, he is a career .253 hitter, and for a catcher with his power, that's acceptable. You know he will bounce back later along with his whole team. In the meantime, however, stash him on your bench and pick up a streaky, hot-hitting, unknown catcher. This will save your team average for now, and you'll be able to ride the inevitable, stat-correcting run Martin goes on later this summer.
4. Jeff Samardzija, SP, San Francisco Giants: He's now 0-3 with a 6.16 ERA and a 1.42 WHIP, although he looked a little better on Sunday against Colorado (no walks, eight Ks) despite taking the loss. However, the problem is that the Shark is the team's No. 4 starter, and he lacks the quality stuff plus the mental fortitude (which is surprising, considering his college football days playing for Notre Dame) to overcome the San Francisco roster's many deficiencies. He's not Madison Bumgarner, and right now, even Bumgarner is winless for this last-place Giants team. Bench Samardzija if you must, but there are better SPs on the waiver wire.
Private Jet Charter Company Continues Charter Flight Growth with Top-Rated Aircraft and Operators as its Commercial Credit Rating Components are Upgraded
LOS ANGELES, CA--(Marketwired - Apr 17, 2017) - New Flight Charters, a nationwide leader in private jet charter, reports U.S. business credit rating firm D&B® Dun & Bradstreet has issued upgrades to components of New Flight Charters' credit rating.
Averaging 13.6% annual growth since 2004, New Flight Charters' 2016 demand and number of flights grew 8.4% overall, creating more business with certificated operators, air carriers and vendors than ever.
The company is one of few in the private jet charter industry with a commercial credit rating by D&B® Dun & Bradstreet. New Flight Charters has been credit-rated since 2004 when it was approved as a U.S. Government Contractor.
According to D&B®, "The D&B Credit Rating is a system that measures a firm's size and composite credit appraisal, based on information in a company's interim or fiscal year balance sheet and an overall evaluation of the firm's creditworthiness."
New Flight Charters' current D&B® composite credit rating is the highest possible, "1R2," defined as "Good." Several components of the rating were recently upgraded, including PAYDEX® score, Delinquency Predictor, Supplier Evaluation Risk Rating, and Viability Rating.
Company credit ratings, details and reports are available online from D&B®.
New Flight Charters is multi-accredited by D&B® Dun & Bradstreet, BBB-Better Business Bureau, and by Wyvern, LTD.
About New Flight Charters
Since 2004 charter aircraft owner and leading U.S. private jet charter brokerage New Flight Charters arranges jet charters with top-rated operator aircraft along with its Best Price Guarantee, industry empty legs list, and a perfect safety history. As a registered U.S. government contractor with an A+ rating by the BBB, and named to the Inc.500 fastest growing list four consecutive years, the jet charter company handles 1,400 flights annually nationwide and serves a wide variety of clientele including Fortune 500 companies, government heads of state, presidential campaigns, entertainment icons, private families and entrepreneurs.
For charter quotes or information nationwide, call (800) 732-1653.
Colorado private charter information and quotes to or from Denver, Aspen, Vail, Telluride, Steamboat Springs and more can be found at Jet Charter Colorado. For private jet charter information to and from Jackson Hole, Wyoming, see Jackson Hole Jet Charter.
Hillary Clinton has been complaining about Donald Trump's apparent “collusion” with Russia for the past few months in order to detract attention away from herself. It looked like things were looking up for her, until now because a key witness has just agreed to testify against her.
The Senate Judiciary Committee issued a subpoena to the co-founder of Fusion GPS, Glenn Simpson, who has been on Clinton's payroll for years. Fusion GPS was the company that sent out information regarding unconfirmed allegations against President Donald Trump detailing the event that he had prostitutes urinate on him in a hotel in Moscow, which just so happened to be the same room that Barack Obama once stayed in.
The subpoena was initially issued because Simpson refused to testify, but it has since been retracted because Simpson has willingly agreed to testify.
“However, since that time, Mr. Simpson, through his attorney, has agreed to provide a transcribed interview and requested that the subpoena compelling his attendance at Wednesday's hearing be waived,” committee Chairman Chuck Grassley (R-Iowa) and Ranking Member Dianne Feinstein (D-Calif.) said in a statement. “We've reached an agreement on this request and have withdrawn the subpoena.”
Fusion GPS spread claims that Natalia Veselnitskaya met with Donald Trump Jr. to get dirt on Clinton. Veselnitskaya is involved with Fusion GPS, and Attorney General Loretta Lynch used this special relationship to get the lawyer into the U.S. without a visa.
It would seem that Veselnitskaya, Clinton, and Fusion GPS all teamed up to frame Trump. All signs are saying that they were hard at work on the Russia collusion before the President even won the election.
What do you think?
SHARE if you think Hillary Clinton should be LOCKED UP!
ANN ARBOR (CBS Local) – An engineer in Michigan may have just answered the prayers of many parents who have messy children at home. Researchers at the University of Michigan have reportedly created a new coating that's being called an “everything-repellent.”
The Details:
University of Michigan scientists develop “omniphobic” coating that can repel nearly every liquid
Inspired by co-author's dream to create material that would make cleaning up after his child easier
Coating prevents grime buildup on surfaces like tables, floors, walls, even phone screens
‘Everything Repellant' could be game-changer for daycares, homes with young kids
Next phase of study is to ensure material isn't toxic
Anish Tuteja, an associate professor of materials science and engineering, says his team has developed an “omniphobic” substance, which can repel nearly every known liquid. The clear and durable coating was inspired by the scientist's dream to create a material that could make cleaning up after his child a much easier chore.
“I have a 2-year-old at home, so for me, this particular project was about more than just the science,” Tuteja said in a university paper. “We're excited about what this could do to make homes and daycares cleaner places, and we're looking at a variety of possible applications in industry as well.”
According to the team's findings, published in ACS Applied Materials & Interfaces, the omniphobic coating can be applied to any surface and would prevent grime from building up on tables, floors, walls, and even phone screens.
The new coating mixes two substances, a bonding agent called fluorinated polyurethane and a molecule known as F-POSS. “The repellent and binder mix together well enough to make a clear coating, but there's a very small amount of phase separation between them,” researcher Mathew Boban explained in a press release. Boban added that the F-POSS will “float to the surface” of the mixture and forms the kid-proof layer.
Tuteja says his team is now studying their new coating to make sure it's not toxic. Items like yoga mats, which contain polyurethane foam, have previously been linked to infertility due to exposure to the flame retardant chemical.
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
A sheriff's department in the Local 6 area wants to warn you about a phone scam that investigators say cost one person close to $4,500.
The Weakley County, Tennessee, Sheriff's Department says the victim of the scam was told they won a car and millions of dollars from Publisher's Clearinghouse. They were told they needed to pay taxes on the car by wiring it to the scammers via Western Union. Before they sent the money, the victim was convinced not to tell anyone about their supposed winnings as well.
Deputies say the scammers used the names of a Major League Baseball player and a famous author for the Western Union wires, which were sent to Georgia. The phone number used was Jamaican.
The sheriff's department says it wants to remind you that real contests don't ask you to send money before you can get your prize. Once you have sent money to someone in this type of scam, deputies say it is unlikely that your money will be recovered.
VANCOUVER, BC--(Marketwired - February 15, 2017) - Almadex Minerals Limited (the "Company") (TSX VENTURE: AMZ) ( OTCQB : AXDDF) is pleased to announce that it and its wholly-owned U.S. subsidiary, Almadex Americas Inc. ("Almadex"), have signed a definitive agreement to option up to 75% of its interest in the Willow project, Nevada, to Abacus Mining and Exploration Corp. ("Abacus") (TSX VENTURE: AME).
Abacus can earn an initial 60% interest in the Willow project by incurring work expenditures on the project totaling US$3,000,000 and issuing a total of 2,500,000 shares to the Company over a five year period following TSX Venture Exchange approval (the "Approval") of the definitive agreement. Upon having earned this initial interest, Abacus will be required to incur minimum annual exploration expenditures of US$500,000 on the property and, within 10 years of the Approval, deliver a Feasibility Study in respect of the Willow project to Almadex, subject to certain rights of extension. Should Abacus fail to incur the minimum annual expenditures for two consecutive years, Almadex may elect to become operator of the project, and the parties will enter into a 60:40 joint venture agreement with standard dilution provisions.
Abacus will earn an additional 15% interest in the project upon delivery of a Feasibility Study to Almadex, at which point a 75:25 joint venture will be formed, with pro-rata funding of ongoing work in proportion to the respective interests held at that time. Until such time as a joint venture is formed pursuant to the agreement, Almadex's interest is a carried interest.
The Company's Chairman, J. Duane Poliquin commented, "While we have been making significant headway on our El Cobre project in Mexico, the Company also holds many other well advanced projects that merit serious work. We are very pleased to option the Willow project to the experienced team at Abacus, and look forward to project updates over the duration of this option agreement."
Morgan J. Poliquin, Ph.D., P.Eng., the President and CEO and a Director of Almadex, is a qualified person under the meaning of National Instrument 43-101, and reviewed the technical information in this news release.
About the Company
Almadex Minerals Limited is an exploration company that holds a large mineral portfolio consisting of projects and NSR royalties in Canada, the U.S., and Mexico. This portfolio is the direct result of over 35 years of prospecting and deal-making by the Company's predecessor company, Almaden Minerals Ltd.
On behalf of the Board of Directors,
"Morgan Poliquin"
Morgan J. Poliquin, Ph.D., P.Eng.
President, CEO and Director
Almadex Minerals Ltd.
Neither the TSX Venture Exchange nor its Regulation Services Provider (as that term is defined in policies of the TSX Venture Exchange) accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release.
This news release includes forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties. All statements within it, other than statements of historical fact, are to be considered forward looking. Although the Company believes the expectations expressed in such forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, such statements are not guarantees of future performance and actual results or developments may differ materially from those in forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in forward-looking statements include market prices, exploitation and exploration successes, continued availability of capital and financing, and general economic, market or business conditions. There can be no assurances that such statements will prove accurate and, therefore, readers are advised to rely on their own evaluation of such uncertainties. We do not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking statements, other than as required pursuant to applicable securities laws.
Kapil Sharma and his show are being targeted by the media ever since Kapil's fight with Sunil Grover. Even though Kapil had clarified the rumours surrounding him, it looks like the people are not done with it.
Recently, there were reports that Kapil made Daddy actor Arjun Rampal and his co-actor Aishwarya Rajesh wait on the sets. It was even said that he sent them back saying he was not feeling well and will not be able to shoot for the show!
But, Arjun Rampal clarified all the rumours with his tweet! He wrote, "GM,woke up smiling. Actually laughing guess it's the hangover from @KapilSharmaK9 and the fun we had shooting #kapilsharmashow #Daddy."
It is known to all that TKSS has been renewed and Kapil Sharma's film Firangi shooting has also been completed! Now, Kapil's complete focus is on TKSS and with his latest tweets, it looks like the actor is leaving no stones unturned to bring his show back to the top slot.
It has to be recalled that the show had suffered as a few shootings were cancelled due to Kapil's health. So, the cast has pulled up their socks now. The team had an early morning shoot today.
Kapil wrote, "@kikusharda Kiku bhai uth b gye ? Ok.. main aata hu fatafat so k .. uff .. back to back n rock to rock shoot ;)." Kiku replied, "😂😂😂aa jao ,,,,, shoot kya , hamein toh bas masti karni hai. Enjoy 😬."
The team is all set to rock! Well, let's wait for the TRP charts.
In this undated handout provided by the Liege Police Department on Wednesday, May 30, 2018, Liege police officers Soraya Belkacemi, left, and Lucille Garcia, right, in their uniforms. A gunman killed three people, including two police officers, in the Belgian city of Liege on Tuesday, May 29, 2018 a city official said. Police later killed the attacker, and other officers were wounded in the shooting. (Liege Police Department via AP)
SALEM, Ore. (KGW) – A Salem woman managed to steal a police car and lead officers on a brief chase after she was arrested and handcuffed for a parole violation Tuesday afternoon.
Now Rebecca J. Payne, 25, faces many more charges.
The incident began when officers arrived at a motel and took Payne into custody at around 3:15 p.m., according to Lt. Dave Okada with Salem police.
Payne was complaining of severe pain, so officers “took measures to alleviate her discomfort as much as possible and modified the application of the handcuffs on her,” Okada said in a news release. Officers also opened the police car windows.
While officers were talking with other people at the scene, Payne manipulated her handcuffs and escaped from the back of the police car. She then got into the driver's seat and drove off, police said.
Officers followed Payne in her stolen car for a short distance, but said they stopped the pursuit out of concern for the public's safety because she was driving erratically.
Police found the car crashed into landscaping materials near the intersection of Sunnyview Road NE and Childs Avenue. Payne was found hiding a short distance away and taken into custody.
In addition to her parole violation, Payne now faces charges of unauthorized use of a vehicle, attempting to elude an officer, reckless driving, recklessly endangering another person, criminal mischief and escape.
Updated at 2:10 p.m. ET
A judge declined to set bond for an Ohio man during his first court appearance after allegedly ramming a vehicle into a crowd of people demonstrating against a white supremacist rally Saturday in Charlottesville, Va.
Charlottesville resident Heather Heyer was killed, and at least 19 other people were in injured in the attack.
The Charlottesville Police Department said Saturday that James Alex Fields Jr., 20, of Maumee, Ohio, was charged with one count of second-degree murder, three counts of malicious wounding and one count of hit-and run.
During today's Charlottesville court hearing, as NPR's Debbie Elliott reports, Fields "appeared by video from jail, dressed in a gray and white-striped prison jumpsuit."
He answered the judge's questions with a simple "Yes, sir" and "No, sir," according to The Associated Press.
Fields told Judge Robert Downer that he could not afford a lawyer. "Downer assigned a court-appointed attorney to represent Fields, and set another hearing for Aug. 25," Debbie adds. "Until then, the judge said, Fields would remain in jail with no bond in part because he has no ties to the area."
The AP adds that the judge told the court that the "public defenders' office informed him it could not represent Fields because a relative of someone in the office was injured in Saturday's protest." Fields was taken into custody on Saturday after the incident.
Details are emerging about Fields' background and his interest in Nazi Germany. One of the suspect's high school teachers in Ohio told member station WVXU that Fields "was intelligent and didn't cause trouble," but was "also deeply into Adolf Hitler and white supremacy."
Derek Weimer, who had Fields in three classes at Randall K. Cooper High School in Union, Ky., told WVXU, "He went to a good school. Lived in a good neighborhood. There were plenty of people around to try to guide him in the right direction. My first feeling is we failed. I failed."
Fields' mother, Samantha Bloom, told The Toledo Blade that she was aware her son was going to what he called an "alt-right" rally. "I told him to be careful," Bloom said, according to the newspaper. "[And] if they're going to rally to make sure he's doing it peacefully."
Three Xanax pills and eight grams of heroin were found inside a safe an employee tried to retrieve Sunday from a store in Spanaway. Pierce County Sheriff's Department
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption A child gets sucked down a drain by a scary clown
Earlier this month, horror movie It (based on the Stephen King novel) was released in cinemas. You may well have seen It.
But surely only the bravest among you would've gone to the "immersive" screenings of the movie.
Such fans would've had the pleasure of a real-life Pennywise the Clown creeping round the auditorium during the film, jumping out at them from behind and basically scaring the living daylights out of everyone there.
While many of us may think this sounds like the most utterly hideous experience in the world, not everyone feels that way - immersive horror is becoming quite a thing.
"There's huge growth in this area," says Simon Oakes, CEO of British horror brand Hammer, who have just premiered their first immersive show, The Soulless Ones.
Image copyright Hammer Image caption Hammer's immersive show's contemporary look is a far cry from that of its gothic horrors of the 1950s-70s
"It's a generational thing, newer audiences want something that's more tangible, emotional, more physical an experience, which is different from the promenade shows that you would've seen before, or even traditional theatre."
As anybody who has been to the cinema in the last decade knows, many people struggle to go for more than about four-and-a-half minutes without checking their WhatsApp, so the appeal of immersive theatre may be down to being totally engrossed in something and disconnected from the outside world.
Of course, we've seen hugely popular immersive shows before with the likes of Punchdrunk and You Me Bum Bum Train.
"There's a whole generation of younger audiences who are excited about the idea of being involved in a story rather than told it," says Oscar Blustin, the co-writer and co-director of The Soulless Ones.
"I think gaming has a lot to do with it, and how young audiences expect things to be interactive.
Image copyright PA Image caption Now who wouldn't want this friendly chap jumping out at them in a dark cinema
"When you watch TV, we've all shouted at the screen, 'Don't go in there!' or 'Don't go upstairs', I think artists are recognising that this can engage audiences more with the narrative."
In the case of The Soulless Ones, Simon says: "We wanted to come up with something completely original."
"With something like The Great Gatsby or Alice in Wonderland, the audience knows what they're going to get. If you know the show, you've already bought into what the creative expectation might be.
"So we chose to start with a completely new show, this isn't a Frankenstein or Dracula, so as a story it's original."
Horror is arguably the genre which provides the most potential to create an immersive experience for theatregoers.
"I think that's because it's able to shed a light on your deepest fears," says Simon.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Stephen King wrote It - immersive screenings of which have been terrifying audiences
"We don't want to frighten people and scare people as much as unsettle them. But it's not a jump-scare performance, which a lot of the modern horror films are.
"The general philosophy behind horror is that if you don't care about the people, you don't care about what happens to them, and with the great genre directors like Kubrick and Hitchcock, you were invested in the characters."
While the immersive screenings of Stephen King's It were just a few special ones organised to promote the film, The Soulless Ones has a residency at Hoxton Hall in London from this week until 31 October.
Oscar explains the show is about "a hive of vampires who are trying to perform a ritual which will let them walk in the daylight - it's our take on the vampire legend".
"That is the over-arching story, but there are 14 characters, and 18-20 different rooms around the building, they all interweave and interlink, it's a patchwork of narrative threads."
That may sound a little overwhelming, but Simon argues one key aspect of the show's appeal is the potential for repeat visits.
Image copyright Hammer Image caption The Soulless Ones has a residency in Hoxton Hall for the month of October
"Because of the number of rooms, we've got 14 hours in total of prepared material," he says.
"And I hope that's one of the reasons people might want to see it again. You'd comfortably be able to see the show four times, and never see the same show twice, if you were clever about the route you take.
"Whichever room you walk into, you'll get a different side of the same story."
Oscar points out that audiences would struggle to play with their phones during performances even if they wanted to, "mostly because the Victorian music hall we're performing in has absolutely no signal".
And if fans enjoy the experience, it could well lead to other similar projects.
"We're not like Marvel or DC comics," says Simon, "at Hammer we feel immersive theatre is an intriguing part of what we do in terms of creating intellectual property.
"But what we do have is a place in this area, if it's successful, to be a building block to others."
Oscar adds: "People are so on the hunt for unique and one-off experiences in particular.
"There's so much to talk about with immersive theatre, audiences who can compare notes on what they've seen and the different experience they've had at the same show.
"In the bar afterwards I'm anticipating a lot of 'What did you see?' conversations."
Follow us on Facebook, on Twitter @BBCNewsEnts, or on Instagram at bbcnewsents. If you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news@bbc.co.uk.
If it wasn't for Stuart Murdoch's visit to a faith healer during the early '90s, his band Belle & Sebastian may have never existed. The adored Scottish indie-pop outfit released...
35 service points, 26 sets in a row at Wimbledon for Federer
hello
Switzerland's Roger Federer returns the ball to Slovakia's Lukas Lacko during their men's singles match, on the third day of the Wimbledon Tennis Championships in London, Wednesday July 4, 2018. Associated Press
Slovakia's Lukas Lacko returns the ball to Switzerland's Roger Federer during their men's singles match, on the third day of the Wimbledon Tennis Championships in London, Wednesday July 4, 2018. Associated Press
LONDON -- As Roger Federer was winning 35 consecutive service points at Wimbledon on Wednesday - yes, 35 in a row - a Centre Court spectator cheered him on while wearing a red shirt with white lettering that said, "PeRFect."
The Swiss great comes pretty close to living up to that at times.
Federer moved into the third round at the England Club as he chases his record-extending ninth championship there, using close-to-impeccable serving to beat 73rd-ranked Lukas Lacko of Slovakia 6-4, 6-4, 6-1.
The 36-year-old Federer compiled 48 winners and just 11 unforced errors. He won 40 of 43 first-serve points, never faced a break chance, and delivered 16 aces.
"Sometimes your serve matches up better against certain players," he said. "There's no doubt about that."
Talk about an understatement.
At 4-3, 40-30, Federer hit a 118 mph ace to hold and start his roll that included the last five points he served in the first set, all 20 in the second, and then the first 10 of the third. By then, it was so dominant that one television announcer was moved to jokingly exclaim, "Come on, double-fault!"
Federer did not oblige, but moments later, he did lose a point he served at 4-1, 30-love, when Lacko smacked a down-the-line backhand passing winner.
"I think (what's) important when you want to serve well is your point-for-point mentality, saying, maybe, 'The first point is as important as a break point,' so the concentration is the same," Federer explained. "Trying to remember all the things you've done throughout the entire match - what has worked, what hasn't worked."
Very little did not work on this day, and he's allowed his two opponents to collect a total of 17 games through six sets.
Very little hasn't worked for him over the years at Wimbledon, even now that he's in his mid-30s.
Wednesday's result increased Federer's streak to 26 straight sets at Wimbledon, equaling his second-best run, which came in 2003-04. His best was a 34-streak sequence from 2005-06.
A year ago, Federer became the first man since Bjorn Borg in 1976 to win the title at the grass-court Grand Slam tournament without ceding a single set.
So what, Federer was asked, makes him so successful on grass ?
"I don't know. I don't know," he began, before offering quite a list for someone who doesn't know.
"Maybe it's that it helps my slice. That maybe the footwork on grass comes easier to me than for other guys. I'm not sure. Then because I have a decent speed on the serve, and I can serve kick and slice. Maybe also the grass helps me just a little bit to get a few more free points than what it would on some other surfaces."
___
Follow Howard Fendrich on Twitter at http://twitter.com/HowardFendrich
___
More AP tennis coverage: https://www.apnews.com/tag/apf-Tennis
The California Lottery has been giving money to schools across the state for three decades. In this week's San Diego Explained, Monica Dean and Voice of San Diego's Ashly McGlone explain how much lottery money is flowing into San Diego schools.
For more than three decades, the California Lottery has sent money to public schools in the state thanks to a ballot proposition approved by voters in 1984.
Every time school districts are facing slashes to their budgets – like the big cuts coming to San Diego Unified and other schools across the county – people often wonder why the lottery money doesn't provide more of a cushion.
San Diego Unified has received about $490 million in total, or close to $16 million per year from the lottery. That may sound like a lot, but the district's general fund revenues this year alone are near $1.3 billion, so it's really just a drop in the bucket.
In this week's San Diego explained, NBC 7 San Diego's Monica Dean and Voice of San Diego's Ashly McGlone clear up any questions about the lottery money flowing into San Diego schools.
Former President, Goodluck Jonathan has spoken of his party, PDP's preparedness for the 2019 presidential elections. He said Buhari and his APC party cannot beat PDP. The media aides of president Buhari went to visit him in London. General Overseer o...
Ajay Devgn is currently on a signing spree. While all eyes are set towards his upcoming release Baadshaho, the actor has already signed a new film.
Want to know more details about this film? Scroll down to read more...
Ajay Devgn Signs A New Film Filmaker Raj Kumar Gupta of 'No One Killed Jessica' fame has roped in Ajay Devgn for his next film titled Raid. Ajay's Role In The Movie Set in the 1980s, Raid will have Ajay playing an Income Tax Officer based in Uttar Pradesh. More Details While talking about this flick, Gupta was quoted as saying to a leading daily, "Raid is a story that needs to be told on the big screen, and I'm looking forward to working with Ajay on a subject like this." The film will hit the shooting floors in September. Baadshaho Talking about Baadshaho, the makers recently released the trailer of this film which is set against the backdrop of 1975 emergency period. The action thriller also stars Emraan Hashmi, Ileana D'Cruz, Esha Gupta, Vidyut Jammwal and Sanjai Mishra. Golmaal Again Ajay also has Rohit Shetty's Golmaal Again hitting the theatrical screens this Diwali. Ajay Devgn says, love doing STUNTS with Vidhyut Jammval; Watch Video | FilmiBeat Tanaaji- The Unsung Warrior Meanwhile, Ajay Devgn is all set to play the legendary Tanaji Malusare in Om Raut's Tanaji- The Unsung Warrior.
Coming back to Raid, the film will be produced by Bhushan Kumar, Krishan Kumar, Kumar Mangat Pathak and Abhishek Pathak and is slated to release on 20th April 2018.
Subscribe to read: Financial Times
Mexico needs help to resist assault on free trade from US
SUMMARY: Tropical Depression Gert has now formed in the Atlantic. We are also keeping an eye on another disturbance. Click the video to learn more.
THANK YOU FOR TRUSTING WNCT 9 FIRST ALERT WEATHER! Weather changes quickly. Your full team of First Alert meteorologists- Jerry Jackson, Dontae Jones, Megan Lindsey, Pierce Legeion and David Sawyer- will keep you updated. To follow us “on the go”, check out these links:
– Follow WNCT 9 First Alert Weather on Twitter by CLICKING HERE.
– Connect with WNCT 9 First Alert Weather and join a growing network of friends with WNCT 9 First Alert Weather on Facebook by CLICKING HERE.
– Download our WNCT 9 First Alert Weather app, available for free in the Apple App Store and the Google Play Store. You can see First Alert VIPIR 9, detailed forecasts, weather maps, and severe weather alerts.
Greenville, NC Hourly Forecast 76 ° F precip: 20% 76 ° F precip: 20% 77 ° F precip: 20% 77 ° F precip: 20% 79 ° F precip: 20% 81 ° F precip: 40% 83 ° F precip: 50% 85 ° F precip: 60% 85 ° F precip: 50% 86 ° F precip: 50% 84 ° F precip: 60% 84 ° F precip: 60% 83 ° F precip: 50% 81 ° F precip: 20% 79 ° F precip: 20% 78 ° F precip: 20% 77 ° F precip: 20% 77 ° F precip: 20% 76 ° F precip: 20% 76 ° F precip: 20% 76 ° F precip: 30% 76 ° F precip: 20% 75 ° F precip: 20% 76 ° F precip: 20% 76 ° F precip: 20% 76 ° F precip: 20% 78 ° F precip: 50% 80 ° F precip: 50% 82 ° F precip: 40% 85 ° F precip: 20% 87 ° F precip: 50% 86 ° F precip: 80% 86 ° F precip: 70% 86 ° F precip: 60% 86 ° F precip: 60% 85 ° F precip: 60% 82 ° F precip: 40% 80 ° F precip: 20% 79 ° F precip: 40% 78 ° F precip: 20% 77 ° F precip: 10% 77 ° F precip: 40% 76 ° F precip: 40% 76 ° F precip: 40% 75 ° F precip: 10% 75 ° F precip: 10% 75 ° F precip: 10% 75 ° F precip: 10% Inland Forecast Coastal Forecast Day Planner Hourly Forecast
With the World Cup less than three weeks away, For The Win is breaking down each team competing for the title.
Portugal's Group A schedule
Portugal vs. Spain – June 15 at 2 p.m. ET | TV: FOX
Portugal vs. Morocco – June 20 at 8 a.m. ET | TV: FS1
Portugal vs. Iran – June 25 at 2 p.m. ET | TV: FOX
Best players
Portugal has this guy named Cristiano Ronaldo. You may have heard of him. He's fresh off a third consecutive Champions League triumph with Real Madrid and led his country to a win at EURO 2016. He won FIFA's Ballon d'Or trophy, given to the world's best player, in 2016 and 2017. Ronaldo is the heart of the attack; Pepe anchors the defense, which will have to be tight if Portugal is going to go far in the tournament.
Recent World Cup history
The Portuguese have not enjoyed a lot of success on the World Cup stage. They failed to make it out of the group in Brazil and were sent home in the Round of 16 back in 2010. A fourth-place finish in Germany in 2006 remains the high mark for A Seleção since the turn of the century.
What experts say about Portugal
Portugal is one of the favorites to get out of a tricky group, but expectations aren't very high for the knockout stage…
Via ESPN:
They should get out of the group, and once there, a favourable match-up in the round of 16 makes a quarterfinal appearance doable, though the run will end there against France or Argentina.
How to be a fan
Watch a bunch of Cristiano Ronaldo highlights and learn to appreciate defensive soccer.
The Palms Casino Resort is seen in this image from May 10, 2016. (Source: FOX5)
Workers at the Palms casino have voted to unionize, according to the Culinary Union.
Eight-four percent of the more than 600 workers that voted approved joining the union; affecting more than 900 workers at the Palms.
The Palms are operated by Station Casinos.
Culinary Workers Union Local 226 and Bartenders Union Local 165 represent more than 57,000 workers in Las Vegas and Reno, according to the union.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
A rail crossing will be closed near the Diamond community in Webster County starting Monday.
The Kentucky Transportation Cabinet says CSX Railroad will close KY 109 near mile point 3.7 to repair a rail crossing.
This is between Overby Lane and Diamond Avenue between Providence and Clay.
The road is expected to be closed Monday and to reopened on Friday.
There will be a marked detour via KY 1525 and KY 120.
Darwin Brazier is suspected of killing his ex-wife, Debra Rivera, and two others before killing himself in Alabama. Rivera reportedly asked a judge to take away Brazier's guns, but the request was denied. She felt he was harassing her. Limestone County Sheriff
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
PHILADELPHIA (CBS Local) – The window for some PlayStation 3 owners to cash in on a 2016 settlement is about to close.
Owners of the original “fat” PS3 have until April 15 to submit a claim with Sony that could be worth up to $65.
According to the settlement filed in October 2016, Sony agreed to pay PS3 owners $3.75 million after being accused of false advertising by some users. The original gaming machines came with an “OtherOS” feature which allowed owners to “partition their PS3's hard drive and install Linux on it,” according to Polygon. When it was first introduced the PS3 was marketed and used by some owners — including the U.S. Air Force — as a computer because of this ability.
By April 2010, Sony pulled the “OtherOS” ability from machines citing security concerns. A small group of “fat” PS3 owners then sued PlayStation's parent company for allegedly breaking the warranty of the machines.
Who can make a claim against Sony?
According to the settlement's website, owners who purchased a PS3 from Nov. 1, 2006, to April 1, 2010 and legally swear to knowing the system had the “OtherOS” feature and claim their machine lost value when Sony pulled it are eligible.
Users who file a claim will need to provide the machine's serial number (found on the back of the console), or their email used to create their PlayStation online account.
WINTERVILLE, N.C. (WNCT) – While many commit to exercise resolutions at the beginning of the new year, one group will start the year right where they left off.
“I have been doing Senior Strong for about a year now,” said Donna Harris, a regular at Champions Health and Fitness Center in Winterville.
Senior Strong is a group of athletes 60 years and older who are committed to physical fitness.
“If I have to miss it for whatever reason, I pout,” said Harris.
Laura Neece-Valtaro touts the benefits of working out.
“It's good for you mentally,” said Laura Neece-Valtaro, a gym regular. “(It) keeps your brain active.”
The secret to staying with it, they say, is to always remember why you started in the first place.
“As I age, I want to stay fit and able to do the things I love to do,” Harris said.
Neece-Valtaro does it for her grandchildren.
“I have twin two-year grandsons, and they're hard to keep up with, so I need to be in shape,” Neece-Valtaro said.
For those starting new resolutions, experts say to make them reasonable. What is best for everyone else may not be what's best for you.
“Sticking with a program does not mean every day,” said Greg Lassiter at Champions Health and Fitness Center. “It could mean two to three times a week…Just six to eight times a month is a whole lot better than nothing at all.”
While the gym presents opportunities to get healthier, it can also be a hub for germs.
Dirty equipment and sweaty machines can lead to serious infections, and studies show more than 60 percent of all gym equipment is covered with the rhinovirus, which causes the common cold.
Even though gyms have tons of germs, the folks at Champions in Winterville say not every gym is the same.
“Certain bathroom you go in are going to be cleaner than other bathrooms, and the same thing holds true as far as fitness centers,” Lassiter said.
Champion requires all their members to use towels.
Management encourages people to wipe down their equipment when they're done working out.
IATA regional VP for the Middle East & Africa Muhammad Ali Albakri stated (05-Oct-2017) airlines in Africa are seeing their "profits eroded and margins squeezed". He said African carriers are forecast to lose USD1.50 per passenger in 2017, while the average profit globally will be USD7.69 per passenger. [more - original PR]
Your browser does not support playing this file but you can still download the MP3 file to play locally.
Sherborne, Edward Bramson's investment vehicle, has acquired a significant interest in Barclays, one of Britain's biggest banks, increasing pressure on management to turn round its recent faltering performance. Hannah Murphy discusses what this means for the bank with the FT's Martin Arnold and Jonathan Guthrie.
On Saturday, white supremacists converged on Charlottesville, Va. to protest the pending removal of a statue of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee. Their stated goal: to "take America back" — and to begin doing so by saving Lee's monument, which has become a lightning rod since the local city council voted to remove it earlier this year.
Within hours, three people had died in the chaos surrounding the gathering — one of whom was rammed by a car allegedly driven by a rally attendee.
And within three days, politicians in a number of cities, far from protecting their own Confederate monuments, had instead moved to hasten their removal. In Baltimore and Jacksonville, Fla., in Memphis and Lexington, Ky., local leaders acted to begin getting rid of these long-standing landmarks.
"Mayors are on the razor's edge. When you see the tension. When you see the violence that we saw in Charlottesville," Lexington Mayor Jim Gray told a local CBS affiliate, "then you know that we must act."
He said Sunday he has recommended to the city council that the statues depicting Confederate officers John C. Breckinridge and John Hunt Morgan be relocated to a new site where they would stand side by side with with "two monuments to the Union effort." In their current location, the Confederate monuments stand on land that formerly played host to one of the South's largest slave auction blocks.
"It's just not right that we would continue to honor these Confederate men who fought to preserve slavery on the same ground as men, women and even children were once sold into a life of slavery," Gray said in a video statement. "Relocating these statues and explaining them is the right thing to do."
Meanwhile, in Memphis, city leaders re-asserted their longstanding resistance to Confederate monuments on public land, promising again to fight for those statues' removal. State lawmakers have required that these memorials could only be moved with a waiver from the Tennessee Historical Commission, which has previously rejected the city's attempts to remove a statue of Confederate Gen. Nathan Bedford Forrest.
"What Nathan Bedford Forrest stood for doesn't express the views of this community at this time," City Attorney Bruce McMullen told the local Commercial Appeal, "and it's counterproductive to what we want this community to be, and that is an inclusive community working together."
Along with the still-pending waiver application to have Forrest's statue removed, McMullen told the paper the city plans to apply for a waiver to pull a monument to Confederate President Jefferson Davis from a park.
In Baltimore, too, Mayor Catherine Pugh said Monday that she had reached out to contractors to discuss relocating the city's four monuments to the Confederacy, according to The Baltimore Sun.
The city council president in Jacksonville, Fla., said Monday she is preparing a plan to relocate its Confederate monuments "from public property to museums and educational institutions where they can be respectfully preserved and historically contextualized." Elsewhere in Florida, in Gainesville, construction workers took down a 113-year-old Confederate statue Monday morning.
"There was no riot. No protesters showed up," The Gainesville Sun reported.
Some protesters did not even wait for city leaders. In Durham, N.C., shouting demonstrators pulled down a monument to Confederate soldiers, kicking it after it fell to the ground.
In all, "at least 1,500 symbols of the Confederacy can be found in public spaces across the country, mostly in the Deep South," the Southern Poverty Law Center noted in a report last year. "Most were put in place during the early decades of Jim Crow or in reaction to the civil rights movement."
And many of them remain flashpoints of controversy between those who wish to see them removed and those who see them as crucial markers of their community's past.
As for Lexington, Gray said the relocation of his city's monuments would enable residents to "tell the story accurately and share a truthful history."
"It's true that hiding our history won't allow our future generations to learn and avoid the same mistakes," Gray said. "But keeping monuments to those who fought to preserve slavery on this hallowed ground is simply not right."
MANHATTAN —Officers filed a report for motor vehicle theft in the 800 block of Pierre St. in Manhattan.
According to the Riley County Police Activity Report, just before 9:30a.m. Friday, Officers listed Ellen Meyer Jumpponen, 43, of Manhattan as the victim when she reported an unknown suspect took her Mazda CX9. The total loss associated with this case is approximately $15,000.00.
Police ask that anyone with information contact RCPD or the Manhattan Riley County Crime Stoppers. Using the Crime Stoppers service can allow you to remain anonymous and could qualify you for a cash reward of up to $1,000.00.
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
If you're looking to adopt a dog, you may want to check out the newly renovated Broome County Dog Shelter.
Broome County Executive, Jason Garnar along with representatives from the shelter spoke about some upgrades to the building including news walls, floors and windows-- just in time to show off some of the dogs ready to be adopted.
Kelly Conlon, Manager, Broome County Dog Shelter said, "If anybody's in the market to adopt a dog, obviously come all over we've got dogs of all shapes and sizes here from Great Danes to little Yorkies"
The Broome County Dog Shelter will be holding its 6th annual open house on Saturday from 10:00 a.m. to 2:00 p.m. For more info on dog adoption you can visit: http://www.gobroomecounty.com/shelter/
1:42 Water gushes at California's Lake Oroville dam Pause
1:23 Under threat of Oroville dam, hundreds find shelter at Nevada County Fairgrounds
2:40 Texas woman convicted of voter fraud says she voted Republican
1:48 Trucks, helicopters dump loads of boulders in rush to fortify Oroville dam spillway
4:11 What you need to know about the massive Oroville dam emergency in California
6:35 Video shown at SLO Chamber of Commerce dinner draws allegations of sexism
0:40 Oroville dam break would flood almost 200,000 California residents in 7 hours
2:52 What you need to know about the massive Oroville dam emergency in California
2:06 Mayor, residents react to Wal-Mart's decision to not build a store in Atascadero
My first book, The 4-Hour Workweek, recently celebrated its 10th anniversary. Thousands of you have asked me how I would update it today — and many have asked why I haven't updated it since 2009.
For this episode, I discuss common questions and misperceptions, and how I would adjust certain chapters and recommendations.
As always, thank you for listening!
The 4-Hour Workweek Revisited https://rss.art19.com/episodes/e0dafc3d-329b-4683-892f-578411090845.mp3
Listen to it on iTunes.
Stream by clicking here.
Download as an MP3 by right-clicking here and choosing “save as.”
Want to hear a conversation with a guest that has influenced the way I live my life? Listen to this episode with Tim Urban, in which we discuss the future, how to deal with procrastination, AI, and much much more. Listen to it here (stream below or right-click to download):
Managing Procrastination, Predicting the Future, and Finding Happiness - Tim Urban https://rss.art19.com/episodes/f2d4392d-c8c5-4a41-9f18-392532e29098.mp3
This episode is brought to you by WeWork. I haven't had an office in almost two decades, but working from home and coffee shops isn't always what it's cracked up to be. When I moved to Austin, one of the first things I did was get a space at WeWork, and I could not be happier.
WeWork is a global network of workspaces where companies and people grow together — in fact, more than ten percent of Fortune 500 companies use WeWork. The idea is simple: you focus on your business, and WeWork takes care of the rest — front desk service, utilities, refreshments, and more. WeWork now has more than 200 locations all over the world, so chances are good there's one near you. Check out we.co/tim to become a part of the global WeWork community!
This podcast is also brought to you by Peloton, which has become a staple of my daily routine. I picked up this bike after seeing the success of my friend Kevin Rose, and I've been enjoying it more than I ever imagined. Peloton is an indoor cycling bike that brings live studio classes right to your home. No worrying about fitting classes into your busy schedule or making it to a studio with a crazy commute.
New classes are added every day, and this includes options led by elite NYC instructors in your own living room. You can even live stream studio classes taught by the world's best instructors, or find your favorite class on demand.
Peloton is offering listeners to this show a special offer. Visit onepeloton.com and enter the code TIM at checkout to receive $100 off accessories with your Peloton bike purchase. This is a great way to get in your workouts or an incredible gift. Again, that's onepeloton.com and enter the code TIM.
QUESTION(S) OF THE DAY: What was your favorite quote or lesson from this episode? Please let me know in the comments.
Scroll below for links and show notes…
Selected Links from the Episode
Show Notes
After 10 years, why has The 4-Hour Workweek enjoyed such longevity? [08:11]
Why have I avoided making updates to the book in recent years? [13:27]
That being said, what chapters would I be most inclined to refresh? [20:39]
How can someone avoid being caught off guard by their own success? [30:31]
What would 40-year-old me tell 29-year-old me to expect from publishing my first book? [39:58]
How beginning this podcast helped me recover from a difficult time. [44:22]
Resilience is important because failure can happen at any point. How does someone practice resilience? [47:01]
How would I recommend approaching The 4-Hour Workweek for maximum impact? [55:07]
People Mentioned
Posted on: February 2, 2018.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Email
Reddit
Please check out Tribe of Mentors, my newest book, which shares short, tactical life advice from 100+ world-class performers. Many of the world's most famous entrepreneurs, athletes, investors, poker players, and artists are part of the book. The tips and strategies in Tribe of Mentors has already changed my life, and I hope the same for you. Click here for a sample chapter and full details. Roughly 90% of the guests have never appeared on my podcast.
Who was interviewed? Here's a very partial list: tech icons (founders of Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Craigslist, Pinterest, Spotify, Salesforce, Dropbox, and more), Jimmy Fallon, Arianna Huffington, Brandon Stanton (Humans of New York), Lord Rabbi Jonathan Sacks, Ayaan Hirsi Ali, Ben Stiller, Maurice Ashley (first African-American Grandmaster of chess), Brené Brown (researcher and bestselling author), Rick Rubin (legendary music producer), Temple Grandin (animal behavior expert and autism activist), Franklin Leonard (The Black List), Dara Torres (12-time Olympic medalist in swimming), David Lynch (director), Kelly Slater (surfing legend), Bozoma Saint John (Beats/Apple/Uber), Lewis Cantley (famed cancer researcher), Maria Sharapova, Chris Anderson (curator of TED), Terry Crews, Greg Norman (golf icon), Vitalik Buterin (creator of Ethereum), and nearly 100 more. Check it all out by clicking here.
Beshear said we need to give the power back to the victims.
AG Andy Beshear speaks to a crowd at Murray State University about how he wants to change the stigma behind reporting sexual assaults.
Kentucky Attorney General Andy Beshear said 1 out of 5 women and 1 out of 16 men will be sexually assaulted on a college campus in Kentucky. Most of those people will never report it to law enforcement.
Kaylee Noel is a student at Murray State University. She also works with Purchase Area Sexual Assault and Child Advocacy Center.
"We know there are a lot more sexual assaults that go on that aren't reported," said Noel. "We want to create an environment where people feel comfortable standing up and they know their rights."
She is working to make her peers feel safe to report sexual assaults. "I think a lot of times there are a lot of stereotypes where people feel uncomfortable and think no one is there for them, and that's not the case," she said.
"When you report an assault here on campus, people will believe you. They will seek justice for you. They will support you," reiterated Beshear.
He is backing her up and backing up college students all over Kentucky. He says he wants to get rid of rape culture, a term which refers to settings in which rape and other forms of sexual violence are normalized or excused, and where victims are blamed for what happened to them. Beshear says he wants to focus to be on helping and believing the victims.
Noel and Beshear said they know the numbers of sexual assaults reported do not reflect the number of sexual assaults that happen on college campuses.
"If it's talked about more on campus, then I think students will stand up and say that's not OK," said Noel.
Now they're working together to make victims feel safe enough to not only get help, but to get justice. Beshear and the Kentucky Association of Sexual Assault Programs started a Campus Sexual Assault Prevention Video Contest called the Voice of Justice. Two winners will receive $500 each. You can learn more about the contest guidelines here.
NEW YORK, NY--(Marketwired - Oct 6, 2017) - NetworkNewsWire ("NNW"), a multifaceted financial news and publishing company, today announces the publication of an editorial featuring Standard Lithium Ltd. (TSX VENTURE: SLL) ( FRANKFURT : S5L) ( OTCQX : STLHF), a client of NNW that is building one of the largest portfolios of high quality, domestic U.S. lithium brine assets.
The publication, titled, "The Global Scramble for Lithium," highlights companies that are ready to exploit the forecasted surge in the lithium market.
To view the full publication, visit: https://www.networknewswire.com/global-scramble-lithium/
"Standard Lithium Ltd. (TSXV: SLL) (FRA: S5L) ( OTCQX : STLHF) is in the thick of the hunt for new lithium sources. The company is intensely focused on further exploration and the immediate development of its Bristol Dry Lake, Brine Project located in the Mojave region of California. With the signing of its mineral lease agreement with National Chloride Corporation of America -- a Permitted Brine Producer -- for the exploration of lithium, Standard Lithium's Bristol Lake project now encompasses approximately 25,000 acres of placer mineral claims and private property. The company's geophysics team recently concluded a comprehensive gravity survey over the entire basin, and initial interpretation of the data indicates that the basin is deep and expansive. Historical drilling and sampling to total depths of approximately 500 feet has produced brine samples with lithium values over 100 mg/L for the entire drilled interval.
"The strategic relationship with National Chloride, allows Standard Lithium immediate access to conduct exploration brine sampling and extraction, evaporation and processing activities, and enable a fast-tracked project development schedule. The project is in a friendly, clean energy development jurisdiction with proven near surface brines which provide for efficient geophysical exploration drilling programs. The company anticipates selective lithium recovery through a combination of membrane, chemical precipitation and solvent extraction. With a market cap of only $62 million, successful strategy execution could easily propel Standard Lithium to new heights as a significant low-cost domestic producer of battery grade lithium materials."
About Standard Lithium
Standard's value creation strategy encompasses acquiring a diverse and highly prospective portfolio of large-scale domestic brine resources, led by an innovative and results-oriented management team with a strong focus on technical skills. The company is currently focused on the immediate exploration and development of the Bristol Dry Lake Lithium Project located in the Mojave region of San Bernardino County, California; the location has significant infrastructure in-place, with easy road and rail access, abundant electricity and water sources, and is already permitted for extensive brine extraction and processing activities. The company is also commencing resource evaluation on its 33,000 acres of lithium brine leases located in the Smackover Formation.
For more information, visit the company's website at www.StandardLithium.com.
About NetworkNewsWire
NetworkNewsWire (NNW) is an information service that provides (1) access to our news aggregation and syndication servers, (2) NetworkNewsBreaks that summarize corporate news and information, (3) enhanced press release services, (4) social media distribution and optimization services, and (5) a full array of corporate communication solutions. As a multifaceted financial news and content distribution company with an extensive team of contributing journalists and writers, NNW is uniquely positioned to best serve private and public companies that desire to reach a wide audience of investors, consumers, journalists and the general public. NNW has an ever-growing distribution network of more than 5,000 key syndication outlets across the country. By cutting through the overload of information in today's market, NNW brings its clients unparalleled visibility, recognition and brand awareness. NNW is where news, content and information converge.
For more information please visit https://www.NetworkNewsWire.com
Please see full terms of use and disclaimers on the NetworkNewsWire website applicable to all content provided by NNW, wherever published or re-published: http://NNW.fm/Disclaimer
Forward-Looking Statements
This release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. All forward-looking statements are inherently uncertain as they are based on current expectations and assumptions concerning future events or future performance of the company. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which are only predictions and speak only as of the date hereof. In evaluating such statements, prospective investors should review carefully various risks and uncertainties identified in this release and matters set in the company's SEC filings. These risks and uncertainties could cause the company's actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements.
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
NBC 7's Danielle Radin talks to a local tech expert on how to take your iphone battery life into your own hands. (Published 2 minutes ago)
Tech Experts Warn Your iPhone Battery Could Need Replacing: Check it Yourself
If you feel like no matter how long you charge your iPhone battery it dies quickly, you are not alone.
"We get at least three customers a day coming in with battery issues," said Chudier Chuol, owner of Phone Refresh, a phone repair shop in downtown San Diego. "They say their battery drains way too fast and they pretty much have to carry their charger everywhere around with them."
In December 2017, Apple issued a public statement about older batteries saying, "We know some of you feel Apple has let you down. We apologize."
"A lot of people around here are Uber or Lyft drivers, which is completely reliant on their devices," said Chuol. "So they are coming in here in kind of panic."
Apple has released a quick and easy way to check your battery health yourself.
First, make sure your iPhone is updated to the iOS software update 11.3. Go to your settings and scroll to where it says "Battery." You'll notice a category that says "Battery Health (Beta)."
Clicking on this reveals the maximum capacity of your battery. It is a measure of how effective the battery is relative to when you first bought the phone.
A lower capacity percentage could mean fewer hour of usage between battery charges.
There is also a "Peak Performance Capability" which lets the user know if the iPhone has shutdown unexpectedly because the battery was unable to deliver the necessary power.
If you click back to the "Battery" section, you will find which apps use the most battery power. Social media apps like Snapchat, Instagram and Twitter tend to top the list for many users, while games like Candy Crush can kill your battery fast.
You can break down battery usage in this category to the last 24 hours or the last week.
"It allows customers to be a bit more independent," said Chuol. "When something is going on with their phone devices, instead of having to go to the Apple Store and wait in a long line, just for them to be informed that it's a battery issue, now with the app they can do that right on their hands."
Chuol advises people to close out of battery draining apps like Snapchat and Instagram. She added charging your phone too much, like keeping it charging overnight, can also wear down the battery over time.
LOS ANGELES (WISH) — A Columbus Fire Department Battalion Chief bought home some medals after competing in the 2017 World Police and Fire Games.
Battalion Chief Mark Ziegler brought home a gold medal in the 100 meter hurdle event, setting a world record time in the men's 50-54 age bracket. Ziegler also won a silver medal in the 400 meter hurdles.
Ziegler had the opportunity to connect with acquaintances he met at previous games as well.
“We're from all over the world , but when we see each other at the games, we're just firefighters and police officers,” said Ziegler. “It's like a family reunion with some minor language barriers.”
The competition took place in Los Angeles this year and was Ziegler's fourth appearance.
The event was held this year from August 6 and ends on August 16 and attracts an average of 10,000 participants from over 60 countries.
Salem, Oregon – A health alert for young children or anyone with a vulnerable immune system: do not drink the tap water in Salem. Cyanotoxins from an algae bloom in the Detroit Reservoir have been found in the water. Officials are advising anyone under 6 years old, the elderly, pregnant, and anyone with liver issues to not drink it. Lacey Goeres-Priest with the City of Salem says there is no timeline for when this will end.
The city of Salem says boiling the water will not work, it could even make these toxins worse, and to use bottled water for drinking. Tap water can still be used to bathe, do dishes, and clean laundry however children under 6 should be supervised while bathing to make sure the water isn't swallowed.
Making matters worse there is a growing bottled water shortage now in the Salem area, as many try to stock up. The Statesmen Journal reports the amount of bottled water is dwindling or already gone at many stores like Winco and Safeway. Workers say new shipments should arrive soon.
An emergency alert that was sent out about the water situation actually panicked some people all over Oregon last night. Some complain the alert had no details and it was too widespread. The alert simply said “CIVIL EMERGENCY IN THE AREA—PREPARE FOR ACTION” But we quickly learned the alert was supposed to inform folks about the water advisory in Salem. Officials say the alert defaulted to civil emergency verbiage. Eventually, a revised alert was sent to provide appropriate information.
Read more from the City of Salem about the not drinking the tap water:
City of Salem: CYANOTOXINS PRESENT IN DRINKING WATER DO NOT DRINK THE TAP WATER — MAY 29, 2018 INFANTS, YOUNG CHILDREN AND OTHER VULNERABLE INDIVIDUALS Applies to City of Salem, City of Turner, Suburban East Salem Water District, and Orchard Heights Water Association
WHY IS THERE AN ADVISORY? ?-–? Low levels of cylindrospermopsin and microcystin (cyanotoxins) have been found in treated drinking water. These toxins are created by algal blooms in the source of City of Salem drinking water, Detroit Reservoir. ?-–? To ensure the greatest quality of drinking water, City of Salem voluntarily samples for such toxins during algal events. Samples were collected on May 23, 2018 and May 25, 2018. Results confirmed the presence of cyanotoxins in the drinking water at levels above the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency's Cyanotoxins National Drinking Water Health Advisories. ?-–? Levels of toxins have been detected in the City of Salem water system that supplies water to City of Salem, City of Turner, Suburban East Salem Water District, and Orchard Heights Water Association. ?-–? Children under the age of six, people with compromised immune systems, people receiving dialysis treatment, people with pre-existing liver conditions, pets, pregnant women or nursing mothers, or other sensitive populations should follow this advisory. At this time, people not on this list may continue to drink the water unless additional messaging is received. Please visit cityofsalem.net for the most up to date information. ?-–? City of Salem is continuing to adjust treatment operations to reduce concentrations of cyanotoxins as quickly as possible.
WHAT SHOULD I DO? ?-–? Do Not Drink the tap water. ?-–? Bottled water should be used for drinking, making infant formula, making ice and preparing food and beverages. ?-–? Do Not Boil the tap water. Boiling the water will not destroy cyanotoxins and may increase the toxin levels. ?-–? Most water filters and purifiers will not remove this toxin from drinking water. See manufacturer's recommendation for water filtration capabilities. ?-–? Everyone may use tap water for showering, bathing, washing hands, washing dishes, flushing toilets, cleaning and doing laundry. However, infants and young children under the age of six should be supervised while bathing and during other tap water-related activities to prevent accidental ingestion of water. ?-–? Drinking water containing cyanotoxins at levels exceeding the national drinking water Health Advisories can put you at risk of various adverse health effects including upset stomach, vomiting and diarrhea as well as liver and kidney damage. Seek medical attention if you or family members are experiencing illness. ?-–? Animals may be vulnerable to adverse health effects of cyanotoxins at the detected levels indicated above; consider providing animals alternative sources of water. Contact a veterinarian if animals show signs of illness. ?-–? If you, your family members or your animals have experienced adverse cyanotoxin-related health effects, please contact your health care provider.
WHAT IS BEING DONE? ?-–? City of Salem is working closely with local and state public health and emergency response agencies to address the situation and to quickly reduce Cyanotoxin levels in tap water. ?-–? City of Salem will post an updated advisory when: the Cyanotoxin levels are less than or equal to the national drinking water Health Advisories, this Does Not Drink Advisory is lifted and/or if there are any changes to the conditions of this Do Not Drink Advisory. Updates will be provided Thursday, May 31, 2018 via the City of Salem web page, CityofSalem.net; City of Salem Alert System; local media; City of Salem social media. Residents can sign up on CityofSalem.net to receive emergency alerts from the City. ?-–? For more information please visit CityofSalem.net or call 503-588-6333. Please share this information with all the other people who drink this water, especially those who may not have received this notice directly (for example, people in apartments, nursing homes, schools and businesses). You can do this by posting this notice in a public place or distributing copies by hand.
More on the alert sent out:
Do Not Drink the Tap Water
Applies to City of Salem, City of TurnerSuburban East Salem Water District and Orchard Heights Water Association
The advisory: Low levels of cylindrospermopsin and microcystin (cyanotoxins) have been found in treated drining water. These toxins are created by algal blooms in the source of City of Salem drinking water, Detroit Resovoir.
To ensure the greatest quality of drinking water, City of Salem voluntarily samples for such toxins during algal events. Samples were collected on May 23, 2018 and May 25, 2018. Results confirmed the presence of cyanotoxins in the drinking water at levels above the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency's Cyanotoxins National Drinking Water Health Advisories.
Levels of toxins have been detected in the City of Salem water system that supplies water to City of Salem, City of Turner, Suburban East Salem Water District and Orchard Heights Water Association.
Children under the age of six, people with compromised immune systems, people receiving dialysis treatment, people with pre-existing liver conditions, pets, pregnant women or nursing mothers, or other sensitivve populations should follow this advisory. At this time people not on this list may continue to drink the water unless additional messaging is received. Please visity cityofsalem.net for the most up-to-date information.
Bottled water should be used for drinking, making infant formula, making ice and preparing food and beverages.
London's housing crisis is abetted by illicit funds
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
A pilot of a small plane looks like he will be okay after crashing his plane into the Yuba River. A Highway Patrol rescue helicopter received a call from CalFire about an airplane on fire and going down in Yuba County near Browns Valley around 8:30 yesterday morning…
Listen to Brandon Hallam 1
The helicopter was able to land on a sand bar about 50 feet from the plane, and Flight Officer Brandon Hallam went to check on Timothy Bennett, the plane's pilot. Bennett was sitting on the yellow Piper Cub waving, but had an apparent broken ankle. Hallam carried him to safety…
Listen to Brandon Hallam 2
Bennett, estimated to be in his 60s, was flown a short distance to where a ground ambulance was staged, and then taken to U-C Davis Medical Center in Sacramento. The exact cause of the crash is still under investigation.
–gf
Alabama bands to march at inauguration, igniting controversy
hello
The marching band of Alabama's oldest private, historically black liberal arts college has accepted an invitation to perform at President-elect Donald Trump's inaugural parade, organizers said.
Talladega College's band will march at Trump's inauguration as other historically black schools such as Howard University, which performed at President Barack Obama's first inaugural parade, said they won't be marching in the Jan. 20 event.
"We were a bit horrified to hear of the invitation," said Shirley Ferrill of Fairfield, Alabama, a member of Talladega's Class of 1974.
"I don't want my alma mater to give the appearance of supporting him," Ferrill said of Trump on Monday. "Ignore, decline or whatever, but please don't send our band out in our name to do that."
The move has lit up Talladega College's social media sites with a sharp debate about the band's decision to participate in the parade. Some people voiced strong opposition, while others support the band's participation.
"After how black people were treated at Trump's rallies, you're going to go and shuck and jive down Pennsylvania Avenue? For what?" Seinya SamForay said in an interview. "What they did is a slap in the face to other black universities."
SamForay, of Chicago, was among dozens of people commenting on the school's social media sites.
The Presidential Inaugural Committee announced Friday that the Talladega College Marching Tornadoes was among 40 groups, including high school bands and military organizations, scheduled to perform in the parade. Some members of the Marist College band in upstate New York, also scheduled to perform at the inauguration, say they won't participate, a school spokesman said Monday.
Ron White of Atlanta, a 1997 graduate of another historically black college, Fort Valley State University in Georgia, said he questioned why band members from Talladega "should be playing all these patriotic tunes for someone who has degraded us."
At the same time, though, White said he respects the office of the president and he hopes that Talladega's band does well.
"What they should do in my opinion is play that national anthem the best way they've ever played it in their life, because you're basically saluting the country," White said in an interview.
The nation's historically black colleges and universities instill in students the idea that "ignored behavior is condoned behavior," said Reese Walker of Memphis, who marched in the band at Mississippi Valley State University. That's one reason he doesn't think Talladega College should participate.
Talladega College officials haven't returned several phone calls and emails seeking comment.
The college was founded in 1867, by the descendants of the slaves who helped to build its first building, according to historical documents on the college's website.
The decision to march in Trump's inaugural parade has also sparked controversy at Marist College in Poughkeepsie, New York. The band will be marching, but some of its members will be staying home, school spokesman Greg Cannon said Monday.
"They don't want to have anything to do with the inauguration or President Trump and we respect that, and that's their right," Cannon said.
"We're not looking to put anybody in a spot that conflicts with their personal beliefs," he added.
About six to eight Marist band members among more than 100 have said they won't perform, Cannon said. He said there won't be any repercussions for those students, and they will still have a place in the band when it returns from Washington, D.C.
Association of British Travel Agents (ABTA) called (08-Dec-2017) on the UK Government to focus on the following central points in relation to travel during the next stage of Brexit negotiations:
Maintain ability to travel freely within Europe and beyond;
Ensure businesses can post staff to support holidaymakers;
Visa free travel for holidaymakers and business travellers;
Protect valuable consumer rights.
ABTA CEO Mark Tanzer added: "It is vital that the importance and scale of the travel industry are recognised in the discussions. The UK outbound travel industry generates over GBP37 billion for the economies in the EU, and GBP28bn for the UK. It also supports hundreds of thousands of jobs and businesses, both here and abroad". [more - original PR]
Radyo Mindanao April 17, 2017
You are listening to Mindanao Examiner Radio – also broadcast daily from 2 p.m. to 3 p.m. on RPN-dxXX 1008 kHz covering Western Mindanao, Basilan, Sulu and Tawi-Tawi, and Central Mindanao.
For radio advertisements and sponsorship, please call 062-9925480 or 082-2960658 or text 0995-5202358 and 0947-4823453. For more details, please visit http://mindanaoexaminer.com/ad-rates.
820 total views, 820 views today
Could it take something like a salary-dump trade of Jeremy Lamb for the Charlotte Hornets to address their player-payroll issues? Wilfredo Lee AP
Italian energy giant ENI is planning to develop up to 5GW of renewable energy projects by 2025.
The company said it will increase renewables capacity by 400MW over the next two years and growing by 1GW by 2021, following investment of €1.2bn.
The expected return on the projects is 10%, ENI said.
ENI chief executive Claudio Descalzi said: “The contribution of renewables will grow thanks to a distinctive model based on an integrated approach with the other businesses.”
Image: Pixabay
At least one person his injured and another police custody after device exploded in a Manhattan subway Monday morning. Several witnesses said that the explosions were heard around 7:45 a.m. EST.
NY Police confirm pipe bombing at port authority near subway. A suspected bomber in custody. Two are hurt including the suspect who has not been named as of yet.
A man with a “possible second device” has been detained in a subway tunnel according to reports. He was described him as “having wires coming out of him.”
MORE: Sources tell CBS News at least one person is under arrest and at least one person has been injured https://t.co/bM1QNc561o pic.twitter.com/zlr3nQaenF — CBS News (@CBSNews) December 11, 2017
The New York Police Department sent a Twitter alert that the explosion occurred near 42nd street and 8th Avenue. Port Authority is a massive transit hub where several thousand people commute each day.
Also Read:
Also On 93.9 WKYS:
Share Article Facebook
Twitter
Email You are free to share this article under the Attribution 4.0 International license. Follow Futurity RSS
Twitter
Facebook
Newsletter
There's a downside to having your local NFL team advance to the Super Bowl: A spike in flu-related deaths.
A Cornell University economist and his colleagues found the geographical areas that have an NFL team advance to the Super Bowl had an 18 percent spike in flu-related deaths among people above the age of 65.
“The mechanism that's driving this is the increased socialization that happens as a result of the team being successful,” says Nicholas Sanders, an assistant professor of economics.
“You have friends over for a Super Bowl party. You all go out to a bar to watch the game. A bunch of people are cramped in a small space, and they're all touching the same napkins and grabbing the same chips. If your team wins, you're all out in the street celebrating. It's that kind of disease transmission that we think might be a driving factor,” he says.
The results were most pronounced in years when the dominant influenza strain is more virulent, or when the Super Bowl occurs closer to the peak of influenza season, he adds.
Postseason and flu season
The Super Bowl offered a perfect natural experiment to test the researchers' central question: How does a change in people's daily interactions—such as increased travel and social gatherings—affect the way a disease spreads?
First, the game is a large annual event, with up to 100,000 fans attending. Second, the postseason, when fans are more likely to be gathering around big-screen TVs, often takes place in January or February, which happens to overlap with the height of influenza season, between December and March.
Last, geographic areas with NFL teams that did not qualify for postseason play make an ideal control group, as they are relatively similar in size, wealth, and influenza death rate patterns to areas whose teams do make it to the big game.
The researchers analyzed county-level data from 1974 to 2009, comparing the rates of influenza-related death in areas that had an NFL team in the Super Bowl to the rates in places that also had football teams but did not reach the the big game that year. The researchers focused on mortality for those over the age of 65, historically the most vulnerable population.
Super Bowl parties
Although older adults may not change their habits much if their local team makes it to the Super Bowl, their chances of coming into contact with someone who has the flu increases as the infection rate climbs in the overall population, Sanders says.
“It needn't be a direct leap, where an older person is at a bar watching the team. It could be that individual's relative is at a bar and then he visits his parents. Or a worker at a retirement home goes out to get a drink and celebrate her team's win, and then returns to work the next day. Those are all possible disease transmissions,” Sanders says.
But the researchers found no change in influenza mortality in cities that hosted the Super Bowl. That could be for several reasons, Sanders says, including because the influx of travelers may prompt locals to avoid going out on the town. Another factor could be the host city's location; the Super Bowl is frequently held in southern cities, where flu transmission rates are generally lower.
Sanders and his colleagues point out that flu prevention techniques apply whether it's Super Bowl Sunday or not: wash your hands, don't share food or drinks. If you are sick, avoid social gatherings.
“Simply being aware of the situation can make people take common-sense precautions, and say, ‘Well, I'm not going to shove my hand in that bowl of nuts over there.' I think that's just good advice in general,” Sanders says.
The study appears in the American Journal of Health Economics. Sanders' coauthors are both economists at Tulane University.
Source: Cornell University (Originally published February 3, 2016)
Two valley locations of Dick's Sporting Goods will extend their hours Sunday and Monday if the Golden Knights win.
The Knights play Game 5 against the Jets in Winnipeg on Sunday afternoon. If the Knights win, the Vegas-born team will advance to the Stanley Cup Championship.
The store, offering an assortment of Conference Championship gear, according to a release, would offer the gear immidedately after the game on Sunday and open early on Monday at 6 a.m.
The two locations with extended hours are at Fashion Show Mall on the Las Vegas Strip and at Galleria at Sunset in Henderson.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Australian Federal Government gets tough on multinationals with new tax treaty
Continues crackdown following introduction of “Google Tax”
Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull
The Federal Government is taking its action against multinational tax avoidance a step further, signing a multilateral agreement to fight international profit shifting.
Australia signed the Multilateral Convention to Implement Tax Treaty Related Measures to Prevent Base Erosion and Profit Shifting at an event hosted by the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) in Paris on 7 June along with 67 other countries.
This group included 35 of Australia's existing bilateral tax treaty partners.
The Convention was described by the Government as a key outcome of the OECD/G20 Base Erosion and Profit Shifting (BEPS) project, which aimed to ensure that multinationals pay tax in the jurisdiction where economic value is created or added.
The Government said the convention complements the its Multinational Anti-avoidance Law, the Diverted Profits Tax - also known as the "Google Tax" - and the Tax Avoidance Taskforce, and reinforces its efforts to level the playing field for Australian businesses.
It added that, once in force, the convention will modify most of Australia's bilateral tax treaties to implement new integrity rules that will help prevent exploitation for tax avoidance purposes and improve tax treaty-based dispute resolution mechanisms.
Without such a deal, Australia would have to introduce the new rules treaty by treaty, a process that the Government said could take decades.
Further, the Government said that, based on countries' known adoption positions, the convention will modify 30 of Australia's bilateral tax treaties, including those with Argentina, Belgium, Canada, Chile, China, the Czech Republic, Denmark, Fiji, Finland, France, Hungary, India, Indonesia, Ireland, Italy, Japan, Malta, Mexico, the Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Poland, Romania, Russia, Singapore, the Slovak Republic, South Africa, Spain, Turkey and the United Kingdom.
In December 2015, both Ireland and Singapore were named among the top global tax havens for multinational corporations. Apple was caught up in an unpaid tax scandal in Ireland during August 2016 and was forced to pay millions in back taxes.
In addition, reports surfaced last week that the company has not paid any tax in New Zealand in over a decade. Google has had its own issues with shifting profits to avoid tax and its recent dealings with the ATO saw it appeal an amended tax bill. Microsoft has had similar issues in the past in other countries.
The Government said the extent to which the convention would modify existing treaties would depend on the final adoption positions taken by each country. Australia notified its adoption positions on a provisional basis, to be confirmed upon ratification of the convention.
The convention will enter into force after the signatories have completed their domestic requirements and deposited their instruments of ratification with the OECD.
Legislation will be introduced into the Australian Parliament as soon as practicable to give the convention the force of law in Australia, the Government said.
Red Sox rookies Devers, Benintendi key win over Yanks in 10
hello
Boston Red Sox's Rafael Devers (11) celebrates with third base coach Brian Butterfield (55) as he runs the bases after hitting a home run during the eighth inning of a baseball game against the New York Yankees Sunday, Aug. 13, 2017, in New York. Associated Press
Boston Red Sox's Rafael Devers hits a home run during the ninth inning of the team's baseball game against the New York Yankees on Sunday, Aug. 13, 2017, in New York. Associated Press
Boston Red Sox's Xander Bogaerts attempts to tag out New York Yankees' Aaron Hicks (31) after Hicks stole second base during the sixth inning of a baseball game Sunday, Aug. 13, 2017, in New York. Associated Press
New York Yankees' Austin Romine celebrates after hitting an RBI-triple during the fifth inning of a baseball game against the Boston Red Sox, Sunday, Aug. 13, 2017, in New York. Associated Press
New York Yankees' Jordan Montgomery delivers a pitch during the first inning of a baseball game against the Boston Red Sox, Sunday, Aug. 13, 2017, in New York. Associated Press
Boston Red Sox's Jackie Bradley Jr. follows through on an RBI-single during the fifth inning of a baseball game against the New York Yankees, Sunday, Aug. 13, 2017, in New York. Associated Press
New York Yankees' Austin Romine (27) hits an RBI-triple during the fifth inning of a baseball game against the Boston Red Sox, Sunday, Aug. 13, 2017, in New York. Associated Press
Boston Red Sox's Andrew Benintendi, left, celebrates with teammates Mookie Betts, right, and Jackie Bradley Jr. after a baseball game against the New York Yankees on Sunday, Aug. 13, 2017, in New York. The Red Sox won 3-2 in 10 innings. Associated Press
Boston Red Sox right fielder Mookie Betts attempts to catch a ball hit by New York Yankees' Austin Romine for an RBI-triple during the fifth inning of a baseball game Sunday, Aug. 13, 2017, in New York. Associated Press
Boston Red Sox's Andrew Benintendi smiles after driving in a run during the 10th inning of the team's baseball game against the New York Yankees on Sunday, Aug. 13, 2017, in New York. Associated Press
Boston Red Sox's Chris Sale delivers a pitch during the first inning of a baseball game against the New York Yankees, Sunday, Aug. 13, 2017, in New York. Associated Press
Boston Red Sox's Andrew Benintendi follows through on a RBI single during the 10th inning of a baseball game against the New York Yankees on Sunday, Aug. 13, 2017, in New York. Associated Press
Boston Red Sox's Rafael Devers hits a home run during the ninth inning of the team's baseball game against the New York Yankees on Sunday, Aug. 13, 2017, in New York. Associated Press
NEW YORK -- So much for inexperience. Red Sox rookies Rafael Devers and Andrew Benintendi can simply swing the bat.
Devers hit a stunning homer off Aroldis Chapman to tie the game in the ninth inning, and Benintendi singled home the go-ahead run in the 10th as Boston beat the New York Yankees 3-2 on Sunday night.
"No pressure at all," veteran teammate Hanley Ramirez said. "I think they know what the big leagues are about."
Chris Sale struck out 12 in his latest dominant performance, but Boston trailed 2-1 before the 20-year-old Devers connected on a 103 mph fastball and became the second left-handed hitter to homer off Chapman in his eight-year career.
"An incredible swing," Red Sox manager John Farrell said. "He doesn't fear the moment. He's jumped feet first into this rivalry. It couldn't have come at a better time."
By winning a battle of hard-throwing bullpens, the Red Sox upped their AL East lead to a season-high 5 1/2 games over rival New York. Boston (67-50) took two of three in the series and is a season-best 17 games over .500 after winning 10 of its past 11.
"This is what we live for," Sale said. "A little bit more fun being at Yankee Stadium, where it's enemy territory."
The teams meet again next weekend at Fenway Park. But first, the scuffling Yankees face the crosstown-rival New York Mets in the Subway Series beginning Monday night.
With one out in the 10th, Chapman (4-2) plunked Jackie Bradley Jr. with a 101 mph pitch and walked Eduardo Nunez. Tommy Kahnle walked Mookie Betts before the 23-year-old Benintendi, who had a pair of three-run homers in Saturday's victory, singled to right field.
Todd Frazier gave the Yankees a 2-1 lead in the eighth with a bases-loaded sacrifice fly off Matt Barnes. Chapman entered throwing smoke in the ninth, but couldn't close it out.
Devers, playing his 15th major league game after entering as a pinch hitter in the sixth, drove a 1-2 fastball the other way into the Red Sox bullpen in left-center. He clapped his hands as he rounded first on his fourth home run, which handed Chapman his fourth blown save in 19 chances.
"It was a good pitch," Chapman said through a translator, acknowledging he was a little surprised to see Devers take him deep.
The left-hander was lifted in the 10th and walked off the mound to boos.
"I treat every pitcher the same," Devers said through a translator. "I felt more emotion rounding the bases knowing that I had tied the game."
The only other left-handed hitter to homer off Chapman was Luke Scott for Baltimore in 2011 against Cincinnati.
"It's not easy to stay in there with a guy throwing 103. So, it just kind of shows you the player that he is," Benintendi said about Devers.
Craig Kimbrel (4-0) struck out Brett Gardner with a runner on third to end the ninth and then tossed a perfect 10th .
Sale went seven innings and increased his major league-leading strikeout total to 241. He allowed four hits and one run - which could have been prevented by better defense.
The AL ERA leader has 16 double-digit strikeout games this season, three versus New York.
Each No. 9 batter had a two-out RBI in the fifth. Bradley put Boston ahead with a single before Austin Romine answered with his first career triple , a drive that glanced off the mitt of Betts, a 2016 Gold Glove winner, as he backed into the right-field wall.
"It's a frustrating loss, there's no doubt about it," Yankees manager Joe Girardi said .
HEAD GAMES
Cool and clear-headed, New York rookie Jordan Montgomery matched Sale for 5 1/3 innings and left to a warm hand from a sellout crowd of 46,610 that included actor Leonardo DiCaprio, who was wearing a Yankees cap. The day before, Montgomery was hit on the head by a fly ball while signing autographs as the Red Sox took batting practice. He bled from a cut on his ear, but was OK to pitch Sunday.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Red Sox: LHP David Price (elbow inflammation) threw from 90 feet. He is scheduled for a day off Monday before resuming his throwing program Tuesday. ... RHP Carson Smith (elbow) tossed a scoreless inning with two strikeouts Saturday in his third rehab outing, second for Triple-A Pawtucket. Farrell said the "early phase" of Smith's rehab assignment has been encouraging, but the reliever is expected to remain in the minors for several weeks. Smith is recovering from Tommy John surgery in May 2016.
Yankees: 1B Greg Bird (right ankle surgery) is scheduled to work out with the team Tuesday and begin a minor league rehab assignment Wednesday. ... All-Star 2B Starlin Castro (strained right hamstring) plans to work out with the club Thursday and start a rehab assignment Friday. ... DH Matt Holliday (back) was slated to take batting practice.
UP NEXT
Red Sox: RHP Doug Fister (2-5, 5.03 ERA) faces AL Central-leading Cleveland at Fenway Park on Monday night in the makeup of an Aug. 2 rainout. Trevor Bauer (10-8, 4.79 ERA) pitches for former Red Sox manager Terry Francona and the Indians.
Yankees: Host the depleted Mets (53-62) in the first of two games in the Bronx, followed by a pair at Citi Field. Ex-Mets farmhand Luis Cessa (0-3) will be recalled from the minors to start the opener in place of injured Masahiro Tanaka. Rafael Montero (1-8) pitches for the Mets.
___
More AP baseball coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- Firefighters were busy Wednesday morning battling a building fire near 9th and Brighton Avenue.
The fire broke out just before 6 a.m. at an old auto parts store. Responding firefighters were able to get it under control quickly.
When the call first came out, though, firefighters were concerned the fire would spread beyond the small area between the aluminum fencing and the building. The nearby vehicles and extra gasoline also caused concern among firefighters.
As of 6:15 a.m. the appeared to be under control.
You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters
Message: * A friend wanted you to see this item from WRAL.com: http://wr.al/17MOU
— A 24-year-old man was charged with exploitation of a minor after he convinced a child to take nude photographs, according to his arrest warrant.
Philip James Earl Alexander, of Raleigh, was charged with indecent liberties with a child and first-degree sexual exploitation of a minor, according to the warrant. Alexander was given a $250,000 bond.
The warrant says Alexander "did commit and attempt to commit a lewd" act against the child who was younger than 16 years old at the time. Alexander also did "coerce and encourage" the child to take nude photographs.
Danone targets €1bn savings as it signals slower profit growth
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
VANCOUVER, BC--(Marketwired - February 15, 2017) - Balmoral Resources Ltd. ("Balmoral" or the "Company") (TSX: BAR) ( OTCQX : BALMF) today announced the final results from its 2016 summer/fall drill program on its Detour Gold Trend Project in Quebec. Results were highlighted by the extension of the Bug South gold deposit on the Martiniere Property to a vertical depth of 350 vertical metres with an Upper Bug Zone intercept of 9.16 metres grading 3.51 g/t gold, including 1.36 metres grading 20.30 g/t gold. As well the Company announced its best intercept to date from its Detour East Property, located 40 kilometres to the west, with a near surface intercept of 14.15 metres grading 0.91 g/t gold, including a high grade interval of 1.58 metres grading 5.53 g/t gold from the down-plunge extension of the Lynx Gold Zone.
The winter 2017 drill program on Balmoral's Martiniere Property, home to the Bug Lake and Martiniere West gold deposits, is currently in full swing with two drills active on the Bug South gold deposit. Drilling is anticipated to continue through the end of March.
Martiniere Property - Bug South Gold Deposit
The final holes of the summer/fall program tested the northern margin and central portion of the Bug South gold deposit at depth. Drilling successfully extended the deposit to a vertical depth of 350 metres (hole MDE-16-257; see Table 1 below) and it remains open down-plunge below this level. Hole MDE-16-257 appears to have pierced the zone just beneath the central plunge line of the deposit and successfully extended the deposit beneath a local fault offset observed in earlier drilling. Updated cross-sections for the Bug South deposit and a plan map showing the location of the holes from today's release are available at www.balmoralresources.com
Table 1 - Bug South Gold Deposit
Hole Northing Easting Dip From To Interval* Gold Zone Number (Metres) (Metres) (Metres) (g/t) MDE-16-252 1+15S 2+85W -51 53.50 106.43 52.93 0.70 Upper Bug including 94.78 106.43 11.65 1.67 " which includes 105.43 106.43 1.00 7.53 " 134.00 148.57 14.57 1.18 Lower Bug including 143.75 147.32 3.57 2.68 " MDE-16-253A 2+75S 1+80W -50 138.00 138.52 0.52 5.59 177.49 177.97 0.48 27.60 191.14 209.03 17.89 2.48 HWP including 197.03 208.2 11.17 3.51 " which includes 197.03 199.63 2.60 5.06 " and 203.10 203.93 0.83 12.70 " and 207.26 208.20 0.94 7.96 218.18 230.05 11.87 0.48 Upper Bug including 227.95 230.05 2.10 2.18 " 254.69 264.30 9.61 0.32 Lower Bug MDE-16-254 2+10S 1+05W -51 211.24 229.03 17.79 2.01 221 Zones includes 212.43 215.94 3.51 4.67 " which includes 214.71 215.94 1.23 9.14 " and 224.57 226.97 2.40 6.78 " 309.85 314.92 5.07 0.95 including 312.71 313.57 0.86 4.18 359.43 373.93 14.50 1.28 Upper Bug including 366.99 370.01 3.02 3.87 " MDE-16-255 1+65S 1+05W -51 No Significant Mineralization Bug Lake Zones Disrupted by Faulting MDE-16-257 2+70S 0+35W -51 266.44 266.98 0.54 4.64 221 Zone 442.25 451.41 9.16 3.51 Upper Bug including 450.05 451.41 1.36 20.30 " 468.16 475.50 7.34 2.14 Lower Bug including 472.48 474.23 1.75 8.40 " * Reported drill intercepts are not true widths. At this time there is insufficient data with respect to the shape of the mineralization to calculate true orientations in space. All values presented uncapped.
Drilling on the Bug South gold deposit also continued to better define the high-grade 221 gold zones which occurs in the hanging wall to the Bug South deposit. The 221 Zone appears to be a relatively shallowly dipping (vs. the near vertical dip of the Bug South deposit) zone of quartz-vein hosted gold mineralization.
Detour East Property
The fall 2016 drill program saw the first testing by Balmoral of the Lower Detour-Massicotte Deformation Zone on the Company's Detour East Property. Four of six holes completed on the property tested this 13 kilometre long trend of gold occurrences. The Detour East Property is located at the western end of the Detour Gold Trend Project and sits immediately adjacent to the holdings of Detour Gold along the Ontario-Quebec border.
Drill hole DTE-16-18 tested the down-plunge extension of the Lynx gold zone successfully intersecting the zone over a down-hole width of 14.25 metres. A second interval of gold mineralization was intersected 35 metres below the Lynx Zone (see Table 2 below). Both mineralized intervals remain open for additional testing.
Hole DTE-16-19 was drilled proximal to the historic Rambo Gold Zone. The hole encountered two intervals of anomalous gold mineralization down projected plunge from the Rambo Zone suggesting they may have intersected the marginal phase of the zone.
Balmoral also completed a large induced polarization (I.P.) survey in the northeast corner of the Detour East Property, proximal to the Sunday Lake Deformation Zone which hosts the nearby Detour Gold Mine. Results from that survey will be used for drill targeting during the summer of 2017.
Table 2 - Detour East Highlights
Hole From To Interval* Gold Zone Number (Metres) (Metres) (Metres) (g/t) DTE-16-18 175.80 190.05 14.25 0.91 Lynx including 183.10 184.68 1.58 5.53 " 224.74 228.29 3.55 1.04 " including 226.71 227.46 0.75 3.09 " DTE-16-19 111.01 113.44 2.43 0.41 Rambo 142.54 145.56 3.02 0.43 " * Reported drill intercepts are not true widths. At this time there is insufficient data with respect to the shape of the mineralization to calculate true orientations in space. All values presented uncapped.
Quality Control
Mr. Darin Wagner (P.Geo.), President and CEO of the Company, is the non-independent qualified person for the technical disclosure contained in this news release. Mr. Wagner has supervised the Quebec based work programs on the Martiniere Property since inception, visited the property on multiple occasions, examined the drill core from the holes summarized in this release, discussed, reviewed the results with senior on-site geological staff and reviewed the available analytical and quality control results.
Balmoral has implemented a quality control program for all of its drill programs, to ensure best practice in the sampling and analysis of the drill core, which includes the insertion of blind blanks, duplicates and certified standards into sample stream. NQ sized drill core is saw cut with half of the drill core sampled at intervals based on geological criteria including lithology, visual mineralization and alteration. The remaining half of the core is stored on-site at the Company's Martiniere field camp in Central Quebec. Drill core samples are transported in sealed bags to ALS Minerals' Val d'Or, Quebec analytical facilities. Gold analyses are obtained via industry standard fire assay with atomic absorption finish using 30 g aliquots. For samples returning greater than 5.00 g/t gold follow-up fire assay analysis with a gravimetric finish is completed. The Company has also requested that any samples returning greater than 10.00 g/t gold undergo screen metallic fire assay. Following receipt of assays, visual analysis of mineralized intercepts is conducted and additional analysis may be requested. ALS Minerals is ISO 9001:2008 certified and the Val d'Or facilities are ISO 17025 certified for gold analysis.
About Balmoral Resources Ltd. - www.balmoralresources.com
Balmoral is a well-funded, Canadian-based company actively delineating and expanding a series of high-grade gold deposits on its Martiniere Property located within the prolific Abitibi greenstone belts in Quebec, Canada. The Martiniere Property is just one of several large, highly prospective properties comprising the Company's wholly owned, 1,000 km2 Detour Gold Trend Project. Employing an aggressive, drill focused exploration style in one of the world's preeminent mining jurisdictions, Balmoral is following an established formula with a goal of maximizing shareholder value through discovery and definition of high-grade, Canadian gold and base metal assets.
On behalf of the board of directors of
BALMORAL RESOURCES LTD.
"Darin Wagner"
President and CEO
This press release contains forward-looking statements and forward-looking information (collectively, "forward looking statements") within the meaning of applicable Canadian and United States securities laws. All statements, other than statements of historical fact, included herein, including statements regarding the anticipated content, commencement, duration and cost of exploration programs, anticipated exploration program results, the discovery and delineation of mineral deposits/resources/reserves, the timing of the receipt of assay results, the visual continuity of certain mineralized intervals and business and financing plans and trends, the potentially open nature of the mineralized zones on the property and the potential for future discoveries of additional mineralization on the property are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are typically identified by words such as: believe, expect, anticipate, intend, estimate, postulate and similar expressions or are those which, by their nature, refer to future events. Although the Company believes that such statements are reasonable, there can be no assurance that such statements will prove to be accurate, and actual results and future events could differ materially from those anticipated in such statements. The Company cautions investors that any forward-looking statements by the Company are not guarantees of future performance, and that actual results may differ materially from those in forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause actual events and results to differ materially from the Company's expectations include those related to weather, equipment and staff availability; performance of third parties; timing of receipt of assay results from third party analytical facilities; risks related to the exploration stage of the Company's projects; market fluctuations in prices for securities of exploration stage companies and in commodity prices; and uncertainties about the availability of additional financing; risks related to the Company's ability to identify one or more economic deposits on the properties, and variations in the nature, quality and quantity of any mineral deposits that may be located on the properties; risks related to the Company's ability to obtain any necessary permits, consents or authorizations required for its activities on the properties; and risks related to the Company's ability to produce minerals from the properties successfully or profitably. Trading in the securities of the Company should be considered highly speculative.All of the Company's public disclosure filings may be accessed via www.sedar.com and readers are urged to review these materials, including the latest technical reports filed with respect to the Company's mineral properties.
This news release contains information with respect to adjacent or similar mineral properties in respect of which the Company has no interest or rights to explore or mine. Readers are cautioned that the Company has no interest in or right to acquire any interest in any such properties, and that mineral deposits on adjacent or similar properties are not indicative of mineral deposits on the Company's properties.
This press release is not, and is not to be construed in any way as, an offer to buy or sell securities in the United States.
Angels activate Shohei Ohtani from 10-day DL
hello
SEATTLE -- The Angels activated right-handed pitcher/designated hitter Shohei Ohtani (right elbow) from the 10-day disabled list Tuesday and he was the designated hitter in their game against the Seattle Mariners.
Ohtani received stem cell therapy and a platelet-rich plasma injection to help heal his Grade 2 sprain of his ulnar collateral ligament suffered more than three weeks ago. Ohtani was cleared for a hitting program on Friday and took part in two simulated games against minor league pitchers over the weekend.
"We're going to see how many looks we can give him as a (designated hitter) and hopefully he'll give us a lift there," Angels manager Mike Scioscia said.
Scioscia added that there's no plan in place in terms of Ohtani's usage and they'll monitor it daily.
"He's been cleared to swing and we will see how it all goes down," Scioscia said. "I check with my players all the time to make sure nothing is bothering them, but we don't anticipate anything as far as him swinging the bat."
Ohtani is hitting .289 with a .907 OPS and six homers in 114 at-bats in his rookie season. He batted sixth on Tuesday.
"I think it's a good spot for him," Scioscia said. "When you're talking about Mike (Trout), Albert (Pujols), Justin (Upton) and (Andrelton) Simmons, hitting sixth behind those guys will hopefully be a good spot for him to hit, but also just trying to get him acclimated. We don't want him to say, 'I have to do so much,' if he's hitting higher in the lineup. I think it's a good spot for him to see some pitches tonight."
It's still unclear if Ohtani is capable of returning on the mound this year, but Angels general manager Billy Eppler has expressed the club's desire to utilize his skills as a hitter as the Angels attempt to climb back into the playoff race.
Scioscia emphasized that Ohtani was not being rushed back into the lineup.
"He would not be playing here tonight if he wasn't cleared by our medical department," Scioscia said. "We were very comfortable that he was able to swing the bat."
Right-handed pitcher Miguel Almonte was also called up and right-handed pitchers Deck McGuire and Eduardo Paredes were optioned to Triple-A in corresponding moves.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Telltale Games/Marvel
Every week, it feels like there are more games for more platforms than ever. So, every week, we cut through the noise find the five games you need to play this week. Starting, this week, with Marvel's doughty band of misfits.
Pick Of The Week
Guardians Of The Galaxy: The Telltale Series, Tuesday ($5 for the first episode, $20 for the series, PS4, Xbox One, PC, iOS, Android)
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
Hot on the heels of their Batman game offering a fresh take on the Dark Knight, Telltale Games goes Marvel for the first time with a story about the Guardians punching Thanos right on his purple butt-chin. Telltale's licensed games, starting with The Walking Dead, have been consistently great, but one hopes their ongoing taste for bummers is counteracted a bit with this game. We'll find out when it drops tomorrow, and will have a review this week.
Flinthook, Tuesday ($15, PS4, Xbox One, PC)
This rogue-like has two twists that make it notable. The first is that your adorable space pirate avatar has a grappling hook he uses to get around and get the drop on foes. The second is the time-slowing mechanic that helps you not die, so mixing the two in a run and gun game promises to be highly entertaining.
Late Shift, Tuesday ($15, PS4, Xbox One, PC)
This is a week full of remasters and throwbacks, but this might be the most curious of all. If you were a gamer back in the late '90s, you might remember the full-motion video craze, where the thrill of the game was, uh, editing footage. This is bringing that back, as you play a garage attendant who gets mixed up in theft, kidnapping, and other problems that are way above your pay grade. Branching gameplay and multiple endings mean a lot of repeat plays to see where the story goes, and, of course, it's a fun bit of nostalgia for the Sega CD set.
The Disney Afternoon Collection ($20, PS4, Xbox One, PC)
Speaking of throwbacks, Capcom is putting out six classic platformers in what amounts to a discount bundle. The two Ducktales games, both Chip N' Dale Rescue Rangers games, TaleSpin, and Darkwing Duck are all together in one package in this bundle, and there's also art and behind-the-scenes stuff. These are classic platformers that have been hard to find, officially, so having them in one place, and available in bulk, is a nice tidbit for a slow April week.
The Silver Case ($20, PS4)
Finally, there's this game, the first from notoriously… eccentric developer SUDA51, that mixes together visual novels, first-person exploration and, well, everything that was hip and bizarre in Japan in 1999 and in video games into a white whale of a game some people have been trying to play for years. This offers the first complete translation of the game, with new content added. It may be a more historical curiosity than anything else, but hey, people will finally get to play it after 18 years.
Any games we missed? Let us know in the comments!
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Rory McIlroy was walking into the locker room moments after finishing his first round of the Honda Classic on the last Thursday in February. He had the look of someone who knew he'd made a mistake but also knew, deep down, he'd have done the same thing given a second, third or fourth chance.
“Wanted birdie on the last,” he said with a sheepish smile. “Wanted to get under par. Not very smart.”
The 18th hole at PGA National is a par 5 that is reachable in two but treacherous if the wind is blowing and if you don't hit two perfect shots. McIlroy, badly wanting that final birdie, had gone for the green in two and watched his ball sail a little too far right and find the water. It was a shot he absolutely believed he could pull off if only because there are few shots in golf he doesn't think he can pull off.
This time though, he didn't pull it off. By the time he was done, he'd made double-bogey seven and had shot two-over 72.
As it turned out, that last hole on Thursday set the tone for his week. He shot another 72 on Friday and managed to make the cut with a stroke to spare. By Sunday evening, he was nine over for the week, tied for 59th place, 17 shots behind winner Justin Thomas.
A week later, in Tampa, he didn't even play THAT well, missing the cut by a comfortable two shots.
“You never want to miss a cut,” he said early last week. “But, let's be honest, it happens. It's part of golf. The key is to find a way to learn from it and maybe used the extra days off to recharge. Take advantage of the weekend at home you weren't planning on.”
Pinterest Keyur Khamar
McIlroy did just that after Tampa. He spent most of the weekend working with his lifelong teacher Michael Bannon, who he hadn't seen for several weeks, searching for a swing tweak that might turn him back into the ultra-confident Rory McIlroy with a driver in his hand. Then, on Monday, before leaving for Orlando, he spent some time with Brad Faxon, whose putter has often been compared to Pavarotti's voice: both can make beautiful music.
McIlroy arrived in Orlando for the Arnold Palmer Invitational feeling refreshed and confident. Instead of thinking about the two lost weeks that he'd just experienced, he was thinking it was time to win again. For once, the struggling golfer's credo: “I'm close,” actually meant something to the struggling golfer.
Even a double bogey on the 18th hole on Thursday, eerily similar to the one made at Palm Beach, didn't deter him because he knew he'd played well, shooting a three-under 69 after coming to the last at five under.
For the next two days, he calmly kept the leaders in sight, more than happy to let the spotlight fall on Tiger Woods. He finished off a sporty 67 on Saturday with a birdie on the 18th, hitting his second shot to within three feet, moments after Johnny Miller had said on-air (again) that he believes McIlroy's workout regimen hasn't been good for his game.
Then, on Sunday, while most of NBC's telecast was devoted to Woods, McIlroy exploded on the back nine, birdieing five of the last six holes to roar past everyone en route to an eight-under 64 and a three-shot victory over Bryson DeChambeau, whose final round 68 would have been good enough to win on a lot of Sundays.
Woods, for the six of you who don't know, went backwards in the late afternoon heat, shot 69 and finished tied for fifth—eight shots behind McIlroy.
Before Sunday, McIlroy hadn't won anywhere since September of 2016 when he won the Tour Championship at East Lake . He's been hurt, got married, fired his long-time caddie, started a major renovation on a new house and probably came back too soon last spring from the rib injury that sidelined him early in the year. He's also been diagnosed with a chronic, albeit minor, heart condition that will require monitoring for the rest of his life.
Other than that, all has been well.
There is also the most volatile relationship in his life: the one with his putter. Or putters. Or putting stances, grips and mindsets. McIlroy only changes his approach to putting on days that end in a Y.
He hit a low at the 2016 PGA Championship at Baltusrol. The problems there, he said, were technical and mental. “I had a two-way miss going with the putter,” he said. “It had everything to do with my grip, but a lot to do with what was inside my head. None of it was good. If anyone else had hit the ball the way I did the first two days at Baltusrol, they'd have been leading the tournament. I missed the cut.”
So, McIlroy went back to square one. He changed putters and he changed putting coaches, going from Dave Stockton to Phil Kenyon. It worked—for a while. Two weeks after starting over, McIlroy won in Boston. Then he won in Atlanta and played very well a week later at the Ryder Cup.
Since then, for all intents and purposes—nothing. Last June at Hartford he used three different putters in four days. By the end of the summer he knew he needed a break, physically and mentally. His rib still wasn't 100 percent and neither was anything about his game.
Pinterest Keyur Khamar
He came back in January, looking healthy and ready to be Rory McIlroy again. He finished second and third in Dubai and Abu Dhabi, but struggled when he came to the U.S.—missing two cuts in four events, his best finish prior to Orlando a T-20 in Los Angeles.
“Some of it was adjusting to the greens over here,” he said last week. “I always play well in the desert. There's rarely any wind and I'm comfortable on the greens there. There were some windy days here where I didn't feel comfortable and something was off with my swing; not way off, but off enough. The margin for error for all of us is so narrow. That's why we all say, ‘we're close,' when we're struggling. It feels like a small gap but finding your way across that gap can be difficult.”
The win Sunday had great meaning for McIlroy for a number of reasons. First, it broke the drought that dated to East Lake. That win came on the same day that Arnold Palmer died, news that McIlroy received shortly after accepting the trophy. It took a lot of the joy away from the victory.
The Arnold Palmer Invitational didn't really fit McIlroy's pre-Masters schedule for many years, but he began to play in 2015 when Palmer's health began to slip. His only regret on Sunday was not being able to look to his left on the 18th green and see Palmer standing there on the hill after he had nailed his closing 25-foot birdie putt.
Winning Palmer's tournament clearly meant a lot to McIlroy. Most important perhaps, it should give him an extra dose of confidence two weeks from Thursday, when he steps to the first tee 414 miles north of Bay Hill to play in the one major he has yet to win.
If there is one thing about McIlroy it is this: when he feels confident about his swing and his putting stroke, he is almost impossible to beat. That was never more evident than Sunday.
WATCH: GOLF DIGEST VIDEOS
Rory McIlroy admits he will have "no excuses" for not performing well in this week's Dubai Duty Free Irish Open.
McIlroy won the title in 2016 but has missed the cut in four of the last five years, during which time he has had to juggle his duties as tournament host of the £5.3million event.
"I've cut back from a few things off the golf course," McIlroy said in his pre-tournament press conference at Ballyliffin. "It's not that we're not doing them, I'm just maybe not as involved in some of the stuff.
"There's been a couple of times where I just haven't felt as prepared as I could have been walking on to the first tee on Thursday. So I got here Monday morning, practised Monday afternoon and all day yesterday.
"I've done my work. So there's no excuse about not being prepared or not, and I've learned that as I went along. I felt I was underprepared at County Down [in 2015]. I felt OK at The K Club I guess. I've learnt as I went along and I feel this year I'm right where I need to be."
FILE - In this Dec. 2, 2015, file photo, Tesla Motors Inc. CEO Elon Musk delivers a speech at the Paris Pantheon Sorbonne University as part of the United Nations Climate Change Conference in Paris. For years, Tesla has boasted that its cars and SUVs are safer than other vehicles on the roads, and CEO Elon Musk doubled down on the claims in a series of tweets this week. Francois Mori, File AP Photo
An earlier version of this article incorrectly described Miller's role at GM. The article has been corrected.
Bloomberg A driver rides hands-free in a Tesla Model S.
Bulls can't complain if the S&P ends lower on this jobs day, given the gauge hasn't closed in the red for nearly two weeks.
Traders are marveling at the record-busting runup.
The “unfettered, glorious stock-market fun” will “conclude like all rallies, swimming in the tears of those who bought last,” says iBankCoin blogger The Fly. “But look at all of those gains.”
He rattles off all sorts of stocks that have strolled higher lately, from Netflix NFLX, +5.39% to troubled retailer L Brands LB, +3.46% . Tesla TSLA, +0.09% also could be on his list, and that brings us to our call of the day — from yet another skeptic saying there's too much hype around Elon Musk's baby.
It's an exec from big competitor General Motors GM, +0.16% who is dissing Tesla. Not exactly a neutral observer, but Scott Miller still makes a point worth listening to.
Miller — who helps direct GM's efforts in autonomous driving — isn't buying a key Tesla claim. Musk & Co have said all Tesla vehicles produced since October 2016, including the $35,000 Model 3 sedan, contain “the hardware needed for full self-driving capability,” though such features aren't currently enabled. That implies the vehicles are what the industry calls “Level 5” autonomous cars.
“I think he's full of crap,” said Miller, according to multiple reports. “To be what an SAE Level Five full autonomous system is, I don't think he has the content to do that.”
Miller said he did not believe full-autonomous driving could be implemented at the Model 3's price point, according to a Sydney Morning Herald story. It's “irresponsible” to say a car has fully autonomous capability at this point, GM's director of autonomous vehicle integration added, according to an Australian article.
“To be deeply integrated into Level Five, you should have some redundancies,” said Miller, whose slams came during a briefing to Aussie media in Detroit. “Do you really want to trust one sensor measuring the speed of a car coming into an intersection before you pull out? I think you need some confirmation.”
See: Driver in fatal Tesla crash previously had posted video of Autopilot saving him
And: Tesla's push on autonomous driving rankled its Autopilot team
Tesla and GM are up 66% and 26% so far this year, respectively, while a broad auto industry ETF CARZ, +0.19% has gained 20%.
Don't miss: Musk says he can power Puerto Rico, if given the green light
Key market gauges
Futures for the Dow YMZ7, -0.06% , S&P 500 ESZ7, -0.10% and Nasdaq-100 NQZ7, -0.02% are little changed, after the Dow DJIA, +0.50% , S&P SPX, +0.56% and Nasdaq Composite COMP, +0.78% scored fresh all-time closing highs yesterday. The S&P has risen for eight straight sessions and has achieved its longest streak of daily records in 20 years.
Asia posted gains, but Europe SXXP, -0.20% is mostly lower, with Spain's IBEX IBEX, -0.30% leading the way down as Catalonian independence worries continue to weigh. Oil CLX7, -2.17% and gold GCZ7, -0.22% are losing ground, as the dollar DXY, +0.08% edges up.
See the Market Snapshot column for the latest action.
The economy
The report on September nonfarm payrolls is due to arrive at 8:30 a.m. Eastern, with economists expecting only 75,000 jobs added due to hurricanes Harvey and Irma. We'll also get wholesale inventories after the opening bell.
Check out: MarketWatch's Economic Calendar
On the Federal Reserve front, the Atlanta Fed's Raphael Bostic is on the docket before the open, then in the afternoon we're due to get the New York Fed's William Dudley, the Dallas Fed's Rob Kaplan and St. Looey's James Bullard.
The chart
CNN's Fear & Greed Index is showing greed has risen to its highest level in at least three years, as illustrated in the two charts shown. It's registering a 95 on a scale of 100.
What about other indicators? Bank of America Merrill Lynch's Bull & Bear Indicator is now at 7.0 out of 10. BAML's strategists say “stay long risk assets until sentiment reaches euphoric territory of 8.0.”
The buzz
Data-center operator Switch SWCH, +0.00% is expected to have its NYSE trading debut this morning after pricing its IPO above expectations.
Costco COST, +1.13% posted quarterly earnings and revenue that beat forecasts late yesterday.
See: Costco falls as J.P. Morgan says earnings support bull and bear cases
The 2017 Nobel Peace Prize has been awarded to the International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons, aka ICAN. North Korea was called out in the committee's award statement.
Tropical Storm Nate, blamed for at least 22 deaths in Central America, is strengthening today and expected to become a hurricane by the weekend. It's heading toward the U.S. Gulf Coast.
Read: Nate prompts shut for nearly 15% of Gulf oil output
The U.K. might see another snap election, and that's weighing on the pound GBPUSD, -0.3354% .
The quote
“Maybe it's the calm before the storm.” — President Donald Trump offered that cryptic comment Thursday during a photo op with military leaders and their spouses.
When asked what storm, Trump added: “You'll find out.”
Read more: Trump expected to take steps to undo Iran nuclear deal
The stat
About 54% of large-cap mutual-fund managers are beating their benchmarks so far this year, according to BAML data cited by Business Insider. It's a rare bit of encouraging data for these much-maligned stock pickers.
Random reads
Cam Newton apologizes, but not before losing a sponsor.
“Screaming was an everyday thing” during Rep. Tim Murphy's “reign of terror.”
Amazon plans a pop-up bar in Tokyo with no menu.
NY man busted for posing as hedge funder in a $19 million Ponzi scheme.
A reporter in Japan logged 159 overtime hours in a month, then died.
The emperor has no ... escalator (and is a Putin buddy):
Saudi Arabia king's golden escalator stairs got stuck coming out of his airplane into Moscow in Russia yesterday. pic.twitter.com/xGKYtSvEUs — Anna Massoglia (@annalecta) October 5, 2017
Traders are talking about what The Economist magazine's latest cover means:
Need to Know starts early and is updated until the opening bell, but sign up here to get it delivered once to your email box. Be sure to check the Need to Know item. The emailed version will be sent out at about 7:30 a.m. Eastern.
Or Follow MarketWatch on Twitter or Facebook.
And sign up here to get the Friday email highlighting 10 of the best MarketWatch articles of the week.
Inside The Yerwada Jail
You would be lying if you would say that in this picture; Ranbir Kapoor doesn't look spitting image of Sanjay Dutt.
We're Shook!
Recently, while talking to a leading daily, director Rajkumar Hirani revealed why he thought Ranbir would fit the bill perfectly. He said, "Hmmm. Why Ranbir? The first reason for choosing him is that he's a fantastic actor. And the second reason is that he is at the perfect age."
Oh My Gosh!
Rajkumar Hirani further added, "I needed an actor who could be 21 (years old) because that is where the film begins. That was the age when Sanju was shooting for Rocky and his drug phase started.
And then we have Sanju when he came out of prison (around 56 years). So, we needed someone who could fit that transformation."
Rockstar Sanjay Dutt
Ranbir Kapoor's head-to-toe transformation to different shades of Sanjay Dutt is mind-blowing and we can't take our eyes off the actor.
Ranbir Was Shocked To Know Sanjay's Journey
At the teaser launch, Ranbir also revealed how he reacted when he came across the script and said, "I know Sanjay Dutt as a family friend. When I read the script, I got to know his life journey. That shocked me. Drugs, his controversy with terrorism, his equation with his father, everything shocked me."
Ranbir Loved Playing ‘Munna'
At the teaser launch of the film, Ranbir Kapoor also revealed among all the shades of Sanjay Dutt, he loved playing ‘Munna' the most.
‘Playing Young Sanjay Dutt Was Tough'
He also revealed why he found difficult to play the young version of Sanjay Dutt and said, "It was difficult to play was the young Sanju. There were more faces we had to show; the drugs and his mother's loss."
Lock The Date!
Rajkumar Hirani's Sanjay Dutt biopic is one of the most anticipated films of 2018 and fans have been waiting for it with a bated breath - thanks to Ranbir's mind-blowing transformation and interesting storyline. The film is scheduled to hit the theatres on June 29, 2018.
Now, All Eyes Are On The Trailer
Fans can't have enough of Ranbir Kapoor in the eight second teaser and they're desperately waiting for the full-fledged trailer and we understand why!
Apart from Ranbir, the film also casts Manisha Koirala, Sonam Kapoor Anushka Sharma, Dia Mirza, Paresh Rawal and Vicky Kaushal.
Old power cables spliced together and woven haphazardly through trees are used to power electricity to some houses in the mountain In Cain Alto, Puerto Rico, Wednesday, May 30, 2018. Such jury rigged arrangement is a safety code violation virtually guaranteed to leave the neighborhood blacked out in a future hurricane. Ramon Espinosa AP Photo
If you watch “The Bachelor” then you are familiar with Bekah Martinez. She is the 22-year-old contestant that gives great reaction when drama happens on the show. According to BuzzFeed, some of the ladies don't like her, but has made an impact on the show.
Follow @TheRSMS
Arie Luyendyk Jr. enjoys spending time with her even though she is a bit younger than him. Recently, Martinez's photo was found on a missing persons list. It's reported that her mother put her on the list and that she's been missing since November 18th, 2017.
Officials state, “Martinez told her mother that she was going to work on a marijuana farm and would see her in seven to eight days.” Authorities were never to get in contact with her and that is why she never was removed from the list. When she was seen on the show they got in touch with her mother and said she was, “ not missing and was doing well.” Different news outlets have tried to contact Martinez, but she won't respond. We will have to see what happens to her on “The Bachelor.”
RELATED: “The Bachelorette” Recap: Rachel Picks Bryan
RELATED: Body Of Missing 16-Year-Old Found Covered In Leaves
RELATED: 13-Year-Old Reported Missing By Mother Was Actually Working To Buy Gifts [VIDEO]
The Latest:
Subscribe to read: Financial Times
GAM assets climb 5% as it moves to see off activist
In a rather shocking development, the Supreme Court recently pulled up Tamil star Rajinikanth's wife Latha for failing to pay the Rs 6.20 Crore she owes a noted advertising company. While rebuking the former playback singer, the Supreme Court also asked her to either clear her dues or face trial. The SC has given her nearly a week to make it clear whether she plans to clear the dues. The advertising firm was associated with the highly ambitious 2014 release Kochadaiiyaan and had given nearly Rs 10 Crore to Latha's company.
The lady's company was supposed to refund the amount and pay an additional Rs 1.2 Crore as 'guaranteed profit'.
Latha's troubles started when a trial court asked the Police to look into the matter. In 2016, the Karnataka High Court quashed the order. Following this, the advertising company approached the Supreme Court. Earlier this year, the 'apex court' made it clear that she would have to clear the dues.
In case you did not know, Kochadaiiyaan was directed by Soundarya Rajinikanth and marked her directorial debut. Shot using motion capture technology, it featured Rajinikanth and Bollywood actress Deepika Padukone in the lead. The supporting cast featured names such as Jackie Shroff, Nassar and R Sarathkumar. Released on May 23, 2014, it opened to a good response at the box office but ultimately failed to live up to the expectations. Its distributors suffered losses and this proved to be an embarrassment for 'Thalaiva'.
Interestingly, this controversy involving Latha comes at a time when the Superstar is busy with his political commitments. On the film front, he currently has 2.0 and a film with Karthik Subbaraj in his kitty. 2.0 is a Shankar directorial and will see Rajini reprise his Chitti character from the 2010 hit Enthiran. Recently, it was reported that the makers of 2.0 are in a fix because of the unsatisfactory performance of Kaala. As such, it is not very clear when the sci-fi thriller will ultimately hit the screens.
1:24 Gun dealer describes confusion, complexity in California's new gun laws Pause
0:41 Cal Poly Rose Parade float heads to Pasadena under the cover of darkness
0:07 Timelapse video: Watch Cal Poly students decorate their 2017 Rose Parade float
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach
1:11 How the Paso Robles Police Department is using body cameras
0:44 How an officer can tell whether a driver is stoned
1:36 2016's worst red-light runners
2:02 SLO County shelter pup Sugar Bear has wheels to get around. Watch her go.
1:07 The holidays are at home with the Fortinis
Four City of Las Vegas public pools will open Memorial Day weekend for the summer season.
The city said the Carlos L. Martinez & Darrio J. Hall Family Pool at Gary Reese Freedom Park, Garside Pool, Pavilion Center Pool, and Municipal Pool will open Memorial Day weekend and the following weekend, before opening full-time for the summer season June 4. For the holiday weekend, Municipal Pool will be closed Friday through Sunday for a swim meet, and open 8 a.m. to 4 p.m. and 7 p.m. to 9 p.m. Monday.
In addition, the pool at Gary Reese Freedom Park will host a Fiesta Day from noon until 5 p.m. on May 26. Entry and swimming are free. Food and beverages will be available for purchase. The pool will be open for recreational swim from June 4 through Aug. 12 Monday through Friday from noon until 4 p.m. and 6 p.m. until 9 p.m. It will be open Saturdays and Sundays from noon until 5 p.m.
Garside Pool will be open for recreational swim from June 4 through Aug. 12 Monday through Friday from noon until 4 p.m. and from 6 p.m. until 9 p.m. It will also be open from noon until 5 p.m. on weekends. Additionally, the pool will be open May 26 through May 28, Aug, 25 through Aug. 26, and Sept. 1 through Sept. 3 from noon until 5 p.m.
Pavilion Center Pool will also be open for recreational swim from June 4 through Aug. 12 Monday through Friday from noon until 4 p.m. and 7 p.m. until 9 p.m. On Saturdays and Sundays the pool will be open from noon until 5 p.m. Limited adult lap swim is open Monday through Friday from 5 a.m. until noon, from 4 p.m. until 7 p.m., and Saturdays from 8 a.m. until noon. The pool will also be open May 26 and May 27 from noon until 5 p.m. and May 28 from noon until 4 p.m.
Municipal Pool will be open for recreational swimming from May 28 through Sept. 3 from 8 a.m. until 4 p.m. and from 7 p.m. to 9 p.m. Monday through Friday, as well as from noon until 6 p.m. Saturday and Sunday. Limited lanes for adults-only lap swim Monday through Friday from 4 p.m. until 7 p.m.
Doolittle Pool will open June 4 until Aug. 12 Monday through Saturday, 1 p.m. to 5 p.m.
Baker Pool will be closed this summer for renovation.
The city said all pools will be closed June 2 for annual summer in-service training.
Daily fees at pools are $2 for ages four through 17; $3 for ages 18 through 49; $2 for any 50 or older; and it is free for children up to 3 years old. All summer-pool passes, valid from Memorial Day weekend through Labor Day, are also available for purchase for $40 for children under 18 or those 50 and older. A pass for anyone between the ages of 18 and 49 is $75.
For additional information on pool hours, passes, swimming lessons and more, visit Las Vegas Parks and Recreations online.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Davon Godchaux called Ndamukong Suh after the Dolphins released him in March, and Suh responded with a simple message: “If you keep working hard, the sky is the limit for you.”
As impressive as Godchaux was last season as a fifth-round rookie, he knows more is needed with Suh gone. And he doesn't find that daunting.
“Expect to make a major leap,” Godchaux said Wednesday of his own expectations for himself.
New defensive line coach Kris Kocurek likes what he's inheriting at defensive tackle, even without Suh.
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
“I liked what I saw from [Godchaux] last year and we just need to take that next step with him,” Kocurek said. “He's doing a good job, very serious about football, very serious about getting better, and those things should lead to success on the field.”
Of Jordan Phillips, Kocurek said: “Jordan has shown up this offseason with a very good attitude. He's striving to get better every day. He's working extremely hard and it's important to him. I would anticipate him getting better.”
crossOrigin="anonymous" SHARE COPY LINK Miami Dolphins Defensive Tackle Davon Godchaux (56) talks about the new defensive line coach, Kris Kocurek, and improving and setting personal goals for this upcoming season. Bryan Cereijo
The Dolphins also acquired Akeem Spence, who played under Kocurek with Detroit last season.
“Obviously, I put my name on it to bring him here,” Kocurek said. “We got him here. He fits our style of play. He fits the culture we're trying to build in our locker room. He fits in with the guys. He's a team guy. He's really quick-twitched to play the type of aggressive defense that we want to play.”
Last season, Suh's 877 defensive snaps ranked sixth-most among NFL defensive tackles. Spence played 662 for Detroit, Godchaux 500 and Phillips 401.
Those should be Miami's top three tackles, with Vincent Taylor and end/tackle William Hayes among options for remaining snaps in a rotation in which at least eight defensive linemen should get regular playing time.
THIS AND THAT
Linebackers coach Frank Bush said Raekwon McMillan has regained his form from prior to his season-ending knee injury last August.
“You see all of the earmarks and all of the traits that we saw before; you're starting to see them again,” Bush said. “Now it's just about getting his confidence. He's done a good job.”
▪ Bush said of third-round pick Jerome Baker: “You see speed. You see quickness, athleticism. He's got a good brain. We just have to get him going in the right direction all of the time.”
▪ Defensive end Charles Harris was off to the side doing conditioning work Wednesday while nursing a shoulder injury that isn't considered serious. Receiver Leonte Carroo also has been sidelined by an undisclosed injury.
crossOrigin="anonymous" SHARE COPY LINK Miami Dolphins Linebacker Kiko Alonso (47) talks about the speed in this new Dolphins defense as well as covering the crafty Dolphins backfield during practice. Bryan Cereijo
▪ Ryan Tannehill wasn't at his best Wednesday. He had two passes deflected and nearly intercepted in red zone drills. Another was broken up by Bobby McCain.
Another catchable pass went through DeVante Parker's hands.
▪ Undrafted Utah State rookie cornerback Jalen Davis intercepted a Bryce Petty pass in 7-on-7 drills and continues to impress.
“I like him,” defensive backs coach Tony Oden said. “Spirited, I don't think it's too big for him.”
▪ Other practice notables: David Fales completed a long pass to Albert Wilson but also threw an interception to Trae Elston on a ball that was deflected by Jordan Lucas… William Hayes beat Ja'Wuan James for a sack. The offensive line struggled in pass protection Wednesday … Kiko Alonso stopped Kenyan Drake for a loss on a running play.. Football players from Marjorie Stoneman Douglas High attended practice.
