LOS ANGELES — The estate of Michael Jackson sued ABC and parent company Disney on Wednesday, saying a two-hour documentary on the singer's last days improperly used the King of Pop's songs, music videos and movies.
The lawsuit filed in federal court in Los Angeles and obtained by The Associated Press alleges that last week's special, “The Last Days of Michael Jackson,” illegally uses significant excerpts of his most valuable songs, including “Billie Jean” and “Bad,” and music videos, including “Thriller” and “Black or White.”
It also says ABC used clips from the estate's 2016 Spike Lee-directed documentary, “Michael Jackson's Journey from Motown to Off the Wall,” and from the 2009 feature film “Michael Jackson's This is It.”
The lawsuit alleges at least 30 violations and seeks unspecified damages and an injunction against further use of the estate's intellectual property.
It frequently cites Disney's aggressive defence of its own copyrights and its normally narrow view of “fair use,” the doctrine in copyright law that says short excerpts can be used for news, criticism and research.
“Like Disney, the lifeblood of the estate's business is its intellectual property,” the lawsuit says. “Yet for some reason, Disney decided it could just use the estate's most valuable intellectual property for free.”
Representatives from ABC did not immediately respond to a request for comment. But when the Jackson camp first raised objections last week, the network defended the special as a legal work of journalism on a newsworthy subject that “does not infringe on his estate's rights.”
The network said that as a courtesy it stopped using an image of Jackson to promote the show that the estate had objected to.
As a work of news, the special would be entitled to fair use of excerpts of Jackson's work, but the lawsuit dismisses the idea that the documentary had any news value, calling it “a mediocre look back at Michael Jackson's life and entertainment career.”
The lawsuit says warning letters sent to Disney attorneys before the airing went unanswered.
The special focused on Jackson's apparent decline in the run-up to his death on June 25, 2009. The 50-year-old left behind heirs that include his mother and three children.
Jackson died of acute intoxication of propofol, a prescription anesthetic he had been taking as a sleep aid during preparations for a series of comeback concerts.
Former cardiologist Conrad Murray was convicted in 2011 of involuntary manslaughter for giving Jackson a fatal dose of the drug. He served two years in jail, and his conviction was upheld in 2014.
——
Follow Andrew Dalton on Twitter: https://twitter.com/andyjamesdalton .
NORTHFIELD, N.J. — A New Jersey teacher has been convicted of simple assault of a student who hit his head on a floor after authorities say she kicked a chair he was leaning back in.
The Press of Atlantic City reports that 41-year-old Kimberley Peschi was ordered Wednesday to pay about $200 in fines and fees but the forfeiture of her teaching license is still being deliberated.
The Galloway Township resident was suspended from her job as a music teacher at the Belhaven Middle School in Linwood after the February 2017 injury to the sixth-grade student.
Northfield Municipal Judge Timothy Maguire says surveillance video was the strongest evidence. The judge will rule on the teaching license by July 15.
Peschi's defence attorney says she will appeal.
——
Information from: The Press of Atlantic City (N.J.), http://www.pressofatlanticcity.com
(Peter Pereira/The New Bedford Standard Times via AP, Pool, File). In this Aug. 24, 2015, file photo, Michelle Carter listens to defense attorney Joseph P. Cataldo argue for an involuntary manslaughter charge against her to be dismissed.
(Peter Pereira/The New Bedford Standard Times via AP, Pool, File). In this Aug. 24, 2015, file photo, Michelle Carter listens to defense attorney Joseph P. Cataldo argue for an involuntary manslaughter charge against her to be dismissed.
By DENISE LAVOIEAP Legal Affairs Writer
BOSTON (AP) - Michelle Carter and Conrad Roy III are both sad figures in a teenage tragedy that ended with Roy killing himself and Carter charged with manslaughter.
A juvenile court judge now finds himself at the center of a legal quagmire: Should he set a legal precedent in Massachusetts by convicting Carter of manslaughter for encouraging Roy to take his own life through dozens of text messages? Or should he acquit her and risk sending a message that Carter's behavior was less than criminal?
Judge Lawrence Moniz is deliberating Carter's fate following a jury-waived trial that provided a disturbing look at teen depression and suicide. It is not clear when the judge will issue his verdict.
The case has been closely watched in the legal community and widely shared on social media, in part, because of the dozens of text messages Carter sent Roy in the days before he was found dead of carbon monoxide poisoning in his truck parked in a Kmart parking lot.
"You're finally going to be happy in heaven. No more pain. It's okay to be scared and it's normal. I mean, you're about to die," Carter wrote in one message.
Her texts later became more insistent after Roy appeared to delay his plan.
"I thought you wanted to do this. The time is right and you're ready __ just do it babe," she wrote.
In another text sent the day Roy died, Carter wrote: "You can't think about it. You just have to do it. You said you were gonna do it. Like I don't get why you aren't."
Carter is accused of involuntary manslaughter, a charge that can be brought in Massachusetts when someone causes the death of another person when engaging in reckless or wanton conduct that creates a high degree of likelihood of substantial harm.
Prosecutors have argued that Carter's text messages support their claim that Carter caused Roy's death by "wantonly and recklessly" helping him poison himself.
Roy, 18, had a history of depression and had attempted suicide in 2012, taking an overdose of Tylenol. Roy's mother testified at Carter's trial that Roy seemed to improve after he began taking medication and getting counseling. He graduated from high school in 2014 and had plans to attend college, she said.
Carter, then 17, also had struggled with depression, as well as anorexia, and had been prescribed antidepressants.
Carter and Roy met in Florida in 2012 while visiting relatives. Their relationship largely consisted of text messages and emails.
Daniel Medwed, a law professor at Northeastern University, said the judge has a difficult task in determining whether Carter's actions rise to the level of manslaughter. There is no Massachusetts law against encouraging someone to kill themselves. Medwed said the judge could consider Carter "morally blameworthy," but "moral blame doesn't always equal legal accountability. "
Martin Healy, chief legal counsel of the Massachusetts Bar Association, said the case also presents some novel issues of law on the use of cellphones and text messages. Carter was not with Roy when he killed himself, but she was talking on the phone with him as his truck filled with carbon monoxide. At one point, when Roy became frightened and got out of his truck, Carter told him to "get back in," according to a text she later sent to a friend.
Carter appealed the manslaughter charge, but the Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court found that there was enough evidence for the case to go to trial. The court found that Carter was "virtually present" at the time of Roy's suicide.
In order to convict Carter, the judge would have to find that prosecutors had proven the elements of manslaughter beyond a reasonable doubt, a much higher legal standard to reach than the probable cause that was needed for the grand jury to indict her.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
CALIFORNIA (WFLA) — A surf instructor in Santa Cruz is being credited with helping a starving sea lion pup.
About two weeks ago, Calder Nold was checking the surf when he saw the small, exhausted sea lion struggling in the water. The pup was unable to make it to land due to 8-foot swells.
Nold jumped into action and paddled the pup to shore on his longboard. The surfer then cuddled the pup to keep it warm while waiting for the Marine Mammal Center to arrive and take it to a rehabilitation center.
STORIES THAT OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON
>> MORE TOP STORIES
£22million worth of class A drugs? Wow, that's some haul.
Since DP World's superport was created in Corringham it has gone from strength to strength.
But with the sheer scale of the place, and its huge international operation, it's little surprise that its facilities can be targeted by ruthless drug barons from around the world.
The latest seizure is pretty remarkable.
No less than 250kg of cocaine and 9kg of crystal meth were found.
The mammoth stash had come to Thurrock all the way from Mexico.
And if it had got through would have no doubt flooded the streets of Essex and London.
It was thanks to a combined effort from the National Crime Agency and Met police and, of course, port bosses that this assignment didn't get to the dealers on the street.
Together their actions have helped save lives and stuck a pin in a trade which is ruining lives, and fuelling violence across Essex and beyond.
*On another note it was good to be at the Thurrock Business Awards last Friday to join in the celebration of the great work going on in the borough. There is no shortage of innovative and entrepreneurial talent here. There were 12 very worthy winners, but all those businesses which made the final can be incredibly proud of themselves too.
The borough can sometimes be criticised from the outside, by those who don't know any better and think the only successful business here is Lakeside.
Yes Lakeside is a success, but it's not alone. There's a whole host of other thriving local businesses too and Friday night showcased them.
Share
Asus is doubling down on its earlier efforts in expanding the multi-GPU capabilities of modern motherboards built for cryptocurrency mining with the new H370 Mining Master. Built upon a similar design as last year's B250 Mining Expert board, the Mining Master increases the number of supported graphics cards to 20.
Graphics card cryptocurrency mining has been the bane of gamers' existence for well over a year, but it has tapered off in 2018 as the values of almost all cryptocurrencies have fallen. Clearly, Asus believes that won't be the case forever, as it is expanding its offerings for new mining rig builders with a board that can take one more GPU than its last flagship miner.
While a lot of mining rigs offer multiple graphics card configurations (some using super-expensive 1080 Tis), few can handle anything close to as many as Asus' new H370 Mining Master. On top of supporting 20 graphics cards at once, Asus has simplified the design by removing the standard PCIe x1 slots and replaced them with PCIe-over-USB ports. That allows for a more sturdy and reliable connection and reduces the number of overall parts that could potentially fail under the high stress of crypto mining.
To help owners out when something goes wrong, Asus also included a number of diagnostics tools, which help spot when any of the connected graphics cards are having problems. When it does, it quickly identifies the problematic GPU and notifies the owner which it is and what is going wrong. New debug LEDs on the motherboard itself help highlight any issues with CPU or memory, too.
There is even a new UEFI BIOS with specific tweaks to make the system more efficient and stable for long-term mining.
Built to the ATX form factor, the H370 Mining Master features an Intel LGA 1151 socket that supports eighth-generation CPUs and support for up to 32GB of RAM with twin slots, as Edge Up explains. It also supports up to three power supplies with a trio of 24-pin power connectors (no special boot-up sequence required) and a new DVI port with support for dual monitors.
The Asus H370 Mining Master will be shown off for the first time at Computex on June 6 and will go on sale sometime in 2018's third quarter. Asus has yet to reveal its planned price tag.
Wondering what all this talk of cryptocurrency mining is all about? Check out our introductory guide.
Alberta RCMP have sent out a release related to an accused and a complainant in a certain case
A publication ban is in place related to reporting of charges laid on an Alberta politician and the complainant in the case.
RCMP sent out the release at 6 p.m. on Friday stating that news media reporting is subject to the publication ban. Police don't say what the incident is related to except that the identity of the accused and the complainant cannot be released due to the publication ban.
“In particular, the identity of the complainant and any information that may tend to identify the complainant is subject to of a publication ban issued by the justice of the peace who set the bail conditions in this matter,” states the release.
RCMP will not be releasing any further information regarding this matter.
There were several news agencies pulled stories recently but it is unclear if they are related.
The recent horror story in The Express-Times about a sociopath who took an infant and slammed its head on the floor seven times because he wouldn't stop crying, raises this question: In these "United" States, why the disparity among the states for certain types of crimes?
The sociopath got 25 to 40 years. But in another "united" state, the driver of a get-away car, parked a quarter or a half mile from where a bank heist took place (and turned bad with several dead) was sentenced to 75 years. The driver had no weapon on him. What sort of "law" can be legitimate with such disparity in penalty?
It brought to mind a scene from the movie "A Man for All Seasons," wherein Thomas More, a lawyer, berates his son-in-law over unequal enforcement of the law: "What would you do? Cut a great road through the law to get after the Devil?"
What would St. Thomas More say about the disparity in sentencing today?
Bernard J. Berg
Easton
At KOOL FM we know that your family's safety is important every day and this rings no more true than during the holiday season. Christmas historically is one of the most dangerous times of the year.
Fire Marshal's Public Fire Safety Council has shared the 12 Days of Holiday Fire & CO Safety with KOOL FM & we want to share them with you,!
Count down the 12 Days of Holiday Fire & CO Safety weekdays every evening for your chance to WIN a prize pack to keep your family safe this holiday season…
Day 3 ReCap:
Make sure smoke alarms work. (Replace after 1o years.)
Tune in tomorrow & check out @KoolFMBarrie on FaceBook for your chance to WIN!
Contest Line 705-727-1075
Have questions or concerns? Contact Barrie Fire and Emergency Services or the local Fire department in your area.
Cheers to a Safe & Happy Holiday Season!
This holiday season you could WIN one of the following prize packs courtesy of the Fire Marshal's Public Fire Safety Council:
Excitement over the iPhone 8, and Apple's better-than-expected iPad sales, have driven a number of Apple suppliers in Taiwan to experience massive growth in the last financial quarter. Taken in their entirety, the strong financial performance of Apple's suppliers was enough to increase Taiwan's overall exports to the United States in July by a massive []
(via Cult of Mac - Tech and culture through an Apple lens)
IOWA CITY, Iowa — A Democratic candidate for Iowa Secretary of State is refunding a contribution from a national political group after learning it was mistakenly given and accepted in violation of Iowa law.
Deidre DeJear's campaign said Tuesday it would refund the $5,000 contribution from EMILY's List “as soon as possible” after learning of the violation from The Associated Press.
Iowa campaign finance law bars political action committees from donating to candidates for state office during the legislative session, and prohibits candidates from accepting them.
DeJear is running against Jim Mowrer in the June 5 primary for the Democratic nomination. The winner will challenge Republican incumbent Secretary of State Paul Pate in the November.
EMILY's List made the donation to DeJear from its PAC on March 8, days before it publicly endorsed her.
The inaugural day of the first-ever Global Investors Summit in Assam saw the signing of as many as 176 initial pacts in a range of sectors with investment commitments worth Rs 64,386 crore. Leading from the front, public sector oil behemoth ONGC committed Rs 13,000 crore investment in the state, according to the spokesperson of Advantage Assam- Global Investors Summit 2018.
Mukesh Ambani of Reliance Industries Ltd said that his company will invest Rs 2,500 crore in next three years in the region
The first day of Global Investment Summit, being held here, witnessed the signing of a total of 176 MoUs with 160 companies, amounting to Rs 64,386 crore. While Mukesh Ambani of Reliance Industries Ltd said that his company will invest Rs 2,500 crore in next three years time in retail, petroleum, telecom, tourism and sports sectors, companies like McLeod Russell, Century Plyboards Ltd, and Spicejet also assured to invest considerable amounts to boost the economy of the region.
Ambani, in his address at the meet, also said that Reliance Industries also set up a world-class football academy and a centre for conservation of wildlife and ecotourism in Assam.
Spicejet CEO Ajay Singh said that the company is contemplating to use Guwahati as a gateway to Thailand, Myanmar and other ASEAN countries. “We are also contemplating to launch seaplanes to connect different remote locations in India's northeastern region, which has tremendous potential. The mighty Brahmaputra river can be the largest runway for the seaplanes,” he said adding that Spicejet has also been working on to market the fruits and vegetables produced in the region to other parts of the country by establishing a modern supply chain.
Japanese Ambassador to India Kenji Hiramatsu said his country was keen to continue to foster bilateral ties and was committed to identifying further areas of cooperation to contribute to the development of the state.
Other top industrialists who took part in the summit included Tata Sons Chairman N. Chandrasekharan, Mcleod Russell India Ltd MD Aditya Khaitan, Century Plyboards Ltd MD Sajjan Bhajanka, Patanjali CEO Acharya Balakrishnan, Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd MD Dilip Sanghvi, Ficci President Rashesh Shah, among others.
Joint declaration of the CWI's IEC and Izquierda Revolucionaria's IEC
Socialistworld.net
In September 2016, we published a brief declaration after holding an initial meeting between our two organisations – a very fruitful meeting which revealed a broad agreement, politically and in terms of our methods of building a revolutionary party. In this meeting, we agreed to begin a process of political dialogue and debate, as well as of practical collaboration and exchange of documents and visits.
Since then, the collaboration between our organisations has been regular, close and intense. Comrades from the CWI's International Secretariat and from numerous CWI sections have visited Spain in the course of the last months, to participate in different IR meetings, as well as attending the congress of the Students' Union in November.
Representatives of IR have also participated in various important meetings both of the CWI and of the Socialist Party (CWI in England & Wales) including full participation in the successful London “Socialism 2016” event, as well as the Socialist Party National Committee in January 2017. IR representatives also attended in the CWI's International Executive Committee in November 2016.
This Exchange and debate will continue in the course of various important events and meetings in the next few months – including the CWI's Latin American School, the Central Committee and Congress of IR in Spain, and the congress of the Mexican section of IR, among others.
In both Venezuela and Spain, where both the CWI and IR have organised forces, a very encouraging process of practical collaboration and political coming together is underway.
There has also been an important exchange of articles, documents and publications. Key materials have been translated and published in our respective papers, websites and theoretical magazines and internal documents have been discussed and debated.
Towards Unity
Following this process, we can conclude that this experience has only confirmed, widened and strengthened the political, programmatic and methodological agreement between our organisations. This is confirmed not only by general political positions but also by our concrete and practical approaches to the developing class struggle, as well to the building of a revolutionary party and international in the 21st century.
It is clear that the conditions exist to go much further in our collaboration. We believe that the principled agreement between our organisations means that there is the basis for concrete steps to be taken towards the unification of our forces.
Therefore, the International Executive Committees of the CWI and IR agree:
To discuss this declaration in the democratic structures and leading bodies of the CWI and IR for its approval To elaborate a programmatic document about our unification to be published around April/May 2017. This document will be debated in all the democratic structures and leading bodies of the CWI and IR for its approval. To hold a unification conference in 2017.
25 years ago there was a painful separation between our organisations, in the context of a period great challenges and setbacks for the revolutionary Marxist Left around the world. However, we held firm and managed to maintain our forces and contribute to the class struggle, albeit via separate paths. The opening of this new period of structural crisis of capitalism and enormous opportunities for revolutionary Marxists has served to bring our paths together again.
2017 – the centenary year of the immortal Russian revolution – can also be a decisive year for our organisations. Our unification on a principled basis will strengthen us both politically and in our ability to build a Marxist international to arm the working class with the revolutionary leadership it deserves. It can also be an inspiring example of for the whole of the Left, workers movement and all revolutionaries.
We make a joint appeal to the workers, youth and revolutionaries of the world, for dialogue and debate, in search of the greatest possible collaboration and unity on the principled basis of revolutionary marxism.
ANCHORAGE, Alaska — A 7-year-old Alaskan husky is credited with helping rescue an injured woman hiking a trail east of Anchorage, Alaska.
The dog named Nanook helped pull Amelia Milling to shore after she fell while crossing the Eagle River last month, the Alaska Star reported.
Milling, a 21-year-old college student from Tennessee, was hiking the Crow Pass Trail and was injured early in the planned three-day hike. The white dog found her after she tumbled down a snowy slope and hit a rock that launched her into the air, she said.
“My first response was, where's the owner?” Milling said. “Then I saw the collar and it said (the dog) was a Crow Pass guide, and I realized that he was there to help me.”
Nanook guided her back to the trail and camped with her overnight. The next day Nanook stayed with Milling as she attempted to ford the river.
The spot was too deep, and Milling fell into the water. As she scrambled to the shore, Nanook helped her out of the freezing glacial water.
“She slipped and fell, and the dog was able to save her and get her back to shore,” Lt. Eric Olsen said with the Alaska State Troopers.
Milling later activated an emergency locator and was rescued by a trooper helicopter. Milling and Nanook were airlifted to Anchorage. Milling was treated for minor injuries and released.
“I believe the dog is a guardian angel,” Milling said.
Troopers at first thought the dog was Milling's, but later saw Nanook's tags, Olsen said. Nanook belongs to Scott Swift who lives near the south end of the 24-mile (39-kilometre) trail.
He's Alaska's version of Lassie
“He's Alaska's version of Lassie,” Olsen said.
Nanook regularly takes trips by himself into Chugach State Park and accompanies hikers he meets on the trails to the Eagle River Nature Center, Swift said.
“He's been doing it for years now,” Swift said.
Swift adopted Nanook about six years ago. The dog does not have rescue training.
“He just does it on his own,” Swift said.
While on one of his mountain adventures a few years ago, Nanook helped a young girl out of the river.
“This is the second time I've heard of he has saved someone from drowning in that river,” Swift said.
Bayelsa govt declares N1.13bn all-time high IGR
By Samuel Oyadongha & Emem Idio
BYENAGOA— Bayelsa State Government, yesterday, said that for the first time, it recorded N1.13 billion as its internally generated revenue (IGR) for the month of March, 2017 as against N983 million declared in February, due to government's aggressive drive to shore up revenue for the state.
Deputy state governor, Rear Admiral Gboribiogha John Jonah (retd), who announced this during the transparency briefing for April, 2017 in Yenagoa, said the government was yet to receive the second tranche of the Paris Club refund.
According to him, the state government received N14.5 billion in November last year, out of the N21.168 billion due the state for the first tranche of the Paris Club refund.
He disclosed the receipt of additional N6.61 billion in the month of March, as the balance of the N21.168 billion, out of which N1.9 billion was released to the local government areas.
His words: “The Paris Club refund to states is not a gift from the Federal Government to pay salaries. It is state governments' money that was deducted without consulting the states. At a meeting, it was decided that the money should be paid in two instalments.
“A chart was drawn up and the entitlements of every state were written. But, the Federal Ministry of Finance and the Central Bank of Nigeria, CBN, decided that, if that money was released to states for payment of salaries, there would be too much money in circulation. It was then decided that the money would be paid in four instalments, which is 25 per cent at a time.
“When the first 25 per was paid, Bayelsa State could have got N21.168 billion, but then, when the money came, they only released to us, N14.5 billion.
“The first tranche was supposed to have been N21.168 billion. But again, that N14.5 billion was not for the state government alone, because out of the amount, N1.3 billion was for the local government councils. So, what actually came to the state government was the balance of N13.2 billion.
“I am telling Bayelsans that the Federal Government, apart from the first tranche, has not released one kobo to any state.”
The post Bayelsa govt declares N1.13bn all-time high IGR appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Alex Stupak, the chef and co-owner of the three Empellón restaurants in Manhattan, signed an agreement on Tuesday to take over Salvation Taco, the popular taqueria in the Pod 39 Hotel in Midtown Manhattan.
The restaurant and its open-air rooftop bar have been run by the restaurateur Ken Friedman and the chef April Bloomfield since 2012, but their empire is shrinking. The two pulled out of Salvation Burger, a restaurant in the Pod 51 Hotel, last July. In December, reports that Mr. Friedman had sexually harassed employees came to light.
In March, Salvation Taco suddenly closed for what was described as a “spring cleaning.” Last week, the hotel's co-owner said Mr. Friedman and Ms. Bloomfield's contract had been terminated. Mr. Stupak will run the restaurant, which is owned by the hotel.
Mr. Stupak said in an interview that the restaurant's name and menu would not change immediately. “I'm there now, but only behind the scenes,” he said. Salvation Taco has more than 60 employees, led by the longtime chef de cuisine Davri Zainoeddin; they will remain in place.
2016 was an exciting year for me. It was my first full year working as an independent consultant, with Lakeside Software as my biggest customer. In addition to my part-time engagement with Lakeside, I've completed a number of successful smaller Microsoft, Citrix and VMware end user computing projects and workshops. Some of the projects were together with my community friends Kristin Griffin and Freek Berson. Under the label “RDS Gurus” our focus was on customers with pure Microsoft Remote Desktop Services environments. To our own surprise this is a rapidly growing market, both on prem and in Azure. But there's more. Since many years, I have a “hobby” called remote end user experience (REX) benchmarking. It's all about comparing Microsoft RDS, Citrix XenApp/XenDesktop, VMware Horizon View and other Windows remoting technologies from an end user's standpoint. In 2016 things became a lot more serious. Kristin Griffin, Freek Berson and I joined forces and founded our new software company REX Analytics, headquartered in Seattle and focusing on creating the tools and frameworks needed for remote end user experience benchmarking. But there is still more. My community friend Ruben Spruijt and I are very interested in the latest and greatest advances in GPU-accelerated remoting. Under the label “Team Remoting Graphics Experts” (TeamRGE) we are benchmarking NVIDIA, AMD and Intel GPUs. We use our findings and results in technical whitepapers and presentations at industry events, such as Microsoft Ignite, BriForum or E2EVC. The following paragraphs include some more details of my 2016 activities for Lakeside Software. Part 2 of this article will highlight RDS Gurus, REX Analytics, TeamRGE and community programs.
Read the entire article here, My Professional Year 2016 in Review (Part 1)
via Dr. Benny Tritsch at drtritsch.com
Share
Uber rolled out a U.S. customer panic button and Trusted Contacts safety features nationwide. Both tools are accessible from the Uber app home screen.
Swipe up on the new safety center icon and tap “911 assistance.” You will have to tap again to confirm the call. Uber's director of product management, Sachin Kansal, told The Verge the extra tap is required to minimize accidental 911 calls.
With the second tap the car's make, model, license plate number, and current location display on the app screen while the app dials 911. When the operator answers, the rider can explain the problem and relay the car's information.
An investigative reporter with Today had an exclusive first test of the new panic button. The reporter read the displayed car location information to the 911 operator, and police arrived within five minutes.
Because passengers can get unruly or endanger drivers, Uber also announced plans to introduce a driver emergency button following the passenger 911 call button.
When you don't want the driver to know you're calling 911
Uber is teaming with RapidSOS in a pilot program for automatic location sharing with 911 services. Six U.S. cities will have a more advanced version of the emergency button, with location and car-specific information.
Riders in Denver, Colorado; Charleston, South Carolina; Chattanooga, Tennessee; Naples, Florida; Tri-Cities, Tennessee; and Louisville, Kentucky will be first with the advanced version. Nashville will be the next city with the advanced notification capability, Today reported.
When Uber riders in the listed cities tap the advanced emergency button, the 911 operator will automatically receive the rider's name and the car's make, model, color, license plate number, and exact location. With that capability, even if a rider can't talk or doesn't want to be heard speaking to the 911 operator, the emergency call would go out and help would be dispatched.
Let others know where you are
Uber's Trusted Contacts feature lets U.S. riders designate up to five friends or family members to share real-time Uber trip location information. Contacts will be able to follow along as the trip progresses and know when the rider reaches the destination.
The app sets up reminders to turn on sharing during each trip. A nighttime option lets users share Uber trips in the evening only.
Earlier this year, the ridesharing company's CEO Dara Khosrowshahi announced the emergency button and other safety services would be coming soon.
“Helping keep people safe is a huge responsibility,” Khosrowshahi wrote in a company news release at the time, “and one we do not take lightly. That's why as CEO, I'm committed to putting safety at the core of everything we do.”
Uber originally introduced an in-app panic button in India in 2015. The addition was precipitated when Uber service was suspended in several Indian states after an Uber driver was accused of rape by a female passenger in New Delhi. At the same time, Uber also added what it termed a ‘safety net' tool that let Uber riders in India share trip information and location with up to five contacts — the early version of the new Trusted Contacts feature.
Share
Need some help understanding your hard drive? We can help! This guide discusses what a hard drive does, how they were created, what types of hard drives exist, and what hard drive properties are particularly important.
Whether you are looking for ways to upgrade your hard drive, trying to buy a computer with the right hard drive, or just trying to figure out what everyone is talking about, read on.
The hard drive's purpose
In many respects, the hard drive is your computer. It's where all the data in your computer is stored for the long term — not just the things you save, but all the code required for your operating system, the framework browsers use to connect to the internet, drivers for your accessories, and everything else. When people talk about computer storage, they are talking about the hard drive.
Every hard drive has a certain amount of space. Some of that space is automatically taken up by the things we mentioned—the operating system, and so on (usually around 10 to 20GB). The rest of the space you can fill with the data you download and save, whether it's a new app or a funny cat picture someone emailed you.
Hard drive space isn't as important now as it used to be, although it's still a major indicator of a computer's quality. That's because many types of software can be run online from websites, and a lot of today's data can be stored in the cloud on remote servers that can be accessed without depending on a local hard drive. This has led to the rise of computers like the Chromebook, with little storage space but a focus on streaming and cloud solutions.
Birth of the hard drive
In the very early days, computers didn't have hard drives at all, so they needed different ways to store data so that it could be accessed when necessary. Those old timey ways included rolls of magnetic tape inscribed with data, and yes, punch cards that could be slotted in and read by the computer.
The first real hard drive was developed by Reynold B. Johnson at IBM, in 1956. Johnson's team was working with better ways to store data on things like magnetic tape. They created ways to store information (in the form of bytes) on magnetic disks instead, which could be overwritten with new information as desired. This led to the development of an automated disk that could read itself in a manner similar to a record player — except much larger.
The first commercially available version, RAMAC, had a hard drive that was about the size of a kitchen pantry. Eventually things got smaller, and IBM additionally developed early floppy disks (in the late 1960s) that could store and transfer information from computer to computer. These two parts, the automated magnetic disk and the smaller, transferable “floppy” disk, became the backbone of the early hard drive. For many years, the method of storing data remained the same, while great improvements were made in how the hard drive could store, read, and eventually write data on the disk.
Two types of hard drives
Sure, hard drives come in a variety of forms. Some are internal, meaning they're meant to be connected directly to the motherboard. Others are external, meaning they are made to be carried around and connected by USB. Some can be upgraded, some can't. But most importantly, there are two core ways that hard drives store data: An older way and a newer way. Understanding today's hard drives requires understanding both these storage methods.
HDD: HDD stands for hard disk drive, the version that IBM invented as a form of magnetic storage. It uses a magnetic disk that can hold information inscribed in very tiny tracks (again, a bit like a record player). This requires moving parts, specifically heads to read and write data to the disk as needed, and propulsion to spin the disk. It's a simple method, and so HDDs have become very inexpensive to purchase, especially when creating very large storage setups. For this reason, they are popular in certain databanks and server rooms.
SSD: SSD stands for solid-state drive. There are no moving parts here: Instead, these hard drives use semiconductors that store information by changing the electrical state of very tiny capacitors. They are much faster than HDDs, and can storage information more easily without worrying about parts wearing out. However, they are also more expensive. We can thank SSDs for our modern mobile devices, and they are increasingly ubiquitous in laptops and desktops as well.
Important hard drive qualities
Space: Obviously, storage space is important! Take a look at available specs for computers today, and you'll see storage options up to 1TB and frequently beyond. SSDs were particularly important for hard drive storage, because they can store data in a much smaller space than HDDs. That's why we have phones that can hold all our favorite music playlists.
Speed: The speed of a hard drive depends on how fast data can be read or written, as well as the type of connection the hard drive has to the rest of the computer, and how much data it can carry. HDDs were once rated by rpms/revolutions per minute, but SSDs are much faster and don't need to spin anything.
Physical security: Physical security is usually about durability — whether your hard drive is tucked away inside a computer or an external version you carry around, it needs to be able to resist bumps and jostles, as well as heat and other environmental issues. More advanced hard drives may also have features that help prevent hacking or discourage theft.
Connections: A hard drive may be connected by USB, SATA, eSATA, PCIe, and other connection options. This affects both speed and what the hard drive is compatible with or how easy it is to upgrade. Always watch connections when buying or upgrading!
Formatting: Hard drives may be formatted to work with particular operating systems or for other precise purposes. Typically you can reformat a hard drive to fit your own needs, but it's a good idea to check how the hard drive has been formatted if you are making a purchase decision.
Our Father, who art in heaven, hallowed be thy Name. Thy kingdom come. THY WILL BE DONE, on earth as it is in heaven. Give us this day our daily bread. And forgive us our trespasses, as we forgive those who trespass against us. And lead us not into temptation, but DELIVER US FROM EVIL.
For Thine is the kingdom and the power and the glory, forever and ever. Amen †
Advertisements
Watch: ISIS buy and sell women for slavery Yazidi women open up to reporters about the rape of women in ISIS controlled territories. Contact Editor Arutz Sheva Staff,
Flash 90 Arab women
LONDON — Prince Harry and Meghan Markle are striking a different note with the music for their upcoming wedding, mixing gospel with choral works as the soundtrack for what they pledge will be a joyful occasion.
Kensington Palace said Tuesday that Harry and his American fiancee “have taken a great deal of interest and care” in selecting the wedding music. The palace says there will be performances by the St George's Chapel choir and Karen Gibson and The Kingdom Choir, a gospel group from southeast England.
The performers include 19-year-old cellist Sheku Kanneh-Mason, who says he was “bowled over” when Markle called to ask him to play during the ceremony.
The couple has revealed details of their May 19 upcoming wedding over several weeks, with more to come.
——
For complete royal wedding coverage, visit https://apnews.com/tag/Royalweddings
NEW YORK (CBSNewYork/AP) — Former Knicks star Charles Oakley has officially been cleared of misdemeanor assault charges stemming from a scuffle with Madison Square Garden security guards last year.
The New York Post reports that a Manhattan judge dismissed the charges Friday. Oakley and prosecutors had agreed to a deal last August that the charges would be erased if Oakley stayed out of trouble for six months.
Oakley's lawyer, Alex Spiro, said Oakley has been “completely vindicated.”
Oakley played for the Knicks from 1988 to 1998. But he's had a rocky relationship with the team in recent years.
Soooooo Charles Oakley just got into a fight at he Knicks game. pic.twitter.com/klZBD89VI7 — Ian Schafer (@ischafer) February 9, 2017
The onetime star was accused of striking a security guard during a game last Feb. 8.
Oakley has filed a lawsuit against Knicks owner James Dolan alleging that he was the victim of assault, battery, false imprisonment and slander.
Dolan has filed a motion seeking to have the lawsuit dismissed.
(© Copyright 2018 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved. The Associated Press contributed to this report.)
Picture this: You're lounging at home, streaming tunes from your smartphone to a Bluetooth speaker. You start to nod off, but there's a problem — your phone's sitting on a table across the room. Fingertips Labs thinks it has the solution: A remote control for iPhones and iPads. Here's our O6 smart bluetooth remote review.
The O6 isn't anything like your TV or stereo system's remote. The lightweight, all-metal puck consists of a textured center button, an outer ring button, a rotating dial, and a tactile button that supports single-click, double-click, triple-click, and press-and-hold gestures. A rechargeable battery supplies the O6 with up to 10 days of power, and embedded magnets on the back stick to magnetized surfaces like refrigerators and car dashboards.
The O6's real magic are its channels.
It isn't meant to replace voice controls, hand gestures, or touchscreens, but to keep you focused on tasks at hand.
“The world has changed drastically in the last 10 years,” the O6 team wrote in a statement provided to Digital Trends. “With ubiquitous Wi-Fi and robust cellular plans, we have gone from ‘work phones' and desktop computers to being always connected. We can't stop people from feeling the need to check their mail and social media, but the O6 […] allows them to do it without taking their phone off the [sidewalk or] road.”
Whether or not it achieves that goal is subject for debate, but the O6 worked as advertised in our testing — though it will depend on which apps you use most often.
Channel surfing
We were impressed with the simplicity of the O6 remote's setup process. Once you install the O6 companion app on your iPhone or iPad, pair it via Bluetooth, and grant it access to your device's notifications and contacts list, you're ready to start controlling apps with dials and buttons.
The O6 ships with a couple of controls pre-configured. By default, a single click of the center button plays/pauses music and selects items in the O6's companion app. A double click brings up programmable actions in the O6 app (more on these later), and a single-click of the ring button takes you back to the O6 app's main menu.
The O6's real magic, though, are its channels, or native app integrations. A channel for read-it-later service Pocket reads aloud articles you've saved with the Pocket browser extension, and a channel for National Public Radio‘s One app lets you like, skip, and rewind podcasts with the O6 remote's dial and center button.
We tried activating Twitter, one of the suggested channels, first. We logged into a Twitter account via the O6 app, and our iPhone 6S Plus started reading the newest tweets in our timeline. Rotating the O6's dial clockwise skipped to the next tweet, and rotating it counter-clockwise went to a previous one.
The second channel we took for a spin, Gmail, worked just as well. We scrolled through unread emails in our inbox using the O6's rotary dial, and selected the Reply button with a combination of single- and double-taps of the center ring. You'll have to pick up your phone to actually reply, though, or use O6's smart replies.
But by far the most useful channel is the notifications channel, which reads aloud alerts from apps like Messages, WhatsApp, Facebook, and Facebook Messenger. Incoming alerts populate the notifications channel automatically, where they can be dismissed with a tap of the O6's center button.
The notifications channel tends to fill up quickly when you have lots of apps installed, and that's where the O6's haptic feedback comes in. The remote's vibrating motors can play over 200 different haptic effects that can be assigned however you choose. You can program a triple buzz to iMessage notifications, for example, or a long single vibration to Facebook Messenger chats.
You can also use the O6's haptics to tell the time, though we don't recommend it. A Morse Code-like series of long and short buzzes indicate the time, but it's not a particularly intuitive system — one long haptic buzz indicates the number five, and one short buzz indicates the number one.
The O6's also supports actions, or shortcuts to in-app settings, buttons, and options. One lets you respond to texts with predetermined responses. Another, an action for phone calls, worked particularly well in our testing — when we got a message containing a phone number, the O6 app extracted it automatically and let us place a call with a click of the center button.
Other apps and settings
As smooth as the O6's channels and actions were, though, we found ourselves using the remote's system-level controls more often.
When a call or interactive alert (like an alarm) comes in, the O6 vibrates and switches to Smart Response Mode, which lets you accept or decline notifications by clicking the O6's ring and bezel buttons. During an incoming call, for instance, tapping the center button accepts the call, and tapping the ring button declines it.
When the O6 isn't launching channels or dismissing notifications, it acts like a Bluetooth volume knob, mapping volume to the remote control's dial and playback to the center and ring button in Spotify, Netflix, YouTube, Pandora, Sonos, Apple Music, and other apps. But there's a big caveat: You have to start those apps manually, either from the iPhone's touchscreen or Siri. That seems like a bit of an oversight for what's ostensibly a remote control.
Using the O6 to control other apps gets complicated. The remote's Advanced Mode, which lets you perform actions in apps that weren't designed with the O6's controls in mind, uses Apple's VoiceOver accessibility API to work around iOS's control limitations. In the YouTube app, for example, you can scroll through a list of videos by rotating the remote's dial, click the center button to select a video (double-clicking the center button plays/pauses it), and use the O6's ring button to return to the home screen.
In our testing, Advanced Mode tended to be a little unpredictable — it wasn't always clear which of the remote's buttons would trigger the desired button/action/option. And switching it on, which requires triple-clicking the iPhone's home button and launching the O6 app, was a pain.
So just how useful is the O6, really? That depends on which apps you use on a daily basis, and how much you're willing to compromise on the O6's hands-free vision. It doesn't replace a touchscreen — you'll spend a good deal of time tapping touchscreen shortcuts and pecking out messages with your fingertips. But it's certainly useful when your phone's out of reach and you just want to turn down the volume, or when you're cooking and can't be bothered to wash your hands. It could be a helpful assistant when driving too.
But the O6 will live and die by its developer support. The remote ships with an open API, but channel support is rather limited right now. As it stands, the O6 is great for acting on notifications, adjusting your phone's volume, and skipping through articles, tweets, and emails. Sadly, all of that is not worth the $100 asking price.
The O6 comes in orange, blue, and grey. It's available now, and ships with accessories including a steering wheel mount ($20) and pocket clip mount ($20).
Ian Taylor of Animation Research Ltd, which specialises in sports graphics, hopes to be able to roll out virtual reality technology throughout all prisons in the country with the aim of improving the numeracy and literacy of inmates.
The virtual mechanic programme has been specifically designed for inmates.
"At the moment they just do it using pencil and paper they're not allowed tools because they are dangerous, they got no cars in there, so we've just created this whole virtual garage in a street," says Taylor.
It has already been successfully trialed at the Otago Prison, where he says early tests show the engagement and retention levels of inmates were high.
"This VR technology has come along to help teach prisoners skills and educate them while they are in prison which will help reintegrate them back when they leave prison back into the community," says Kelvin Davis, Minister of Corrections.
Taylor says because the programme is interactive it makes it easy for inmates to learn numeracy and literacy at the same time.
"It just works so so well and we're working with Methodist Mission who already have programmes in prison so they know how well that works, our jobs is to use new technology to engage prisoners far better and over the next 6 months to a year is to see what results we start to get we want the prisoners working with us to help design it as well. "
"We're starting with prisoners but we really want to get it outside the prisons into places where we can access our young people before they end up in prison," says Taylor.
They're in the process of developing an entire virtual programme with the social return as opposed to the business return the biggest driver.
New England Patriots or Philadelphia Eagles?
The little white rhino calf at the Toronto Zoo decides!
YouTube/Toronto Zoo
P.S. You have to see the adorable photos of this cute little guy!
They had to wait 24 hours later than planned but the Salem High School Spartans came away with another state football title yesterday. More from WFIR's Gene Marrano:
12-11 Salem Title Wrap#1-WEB
BARCELONA, Spain (AP) — David Goffin saved a match point to defeat Marcel Granollers of Spain 4-6, 7-6 (2), 6-2 Tuesday in the second round of the Barcelona Open.
Goffin was down 5-1 in the second set before recovering to reach the third round for the second consecutive year in Barcelona.
The fourth-seeded Belgian will play either Leonardo Mayer of Argentina or Karen Khachanov of Russia.
Ecuador Open champion Roberto Carballes Baena of Spain defeated Andreas Haider-Maurer of Austria 6-2, 6-4 to set up a second-round encounter with 10-time champion Rafael Nadal.
Sixth-seeded Novak Djokovic will play his second-round match against Slovak Martin Klizan, who defeated Argentine Federico Delbonis 6-3, 6-7 (5), 6-4.
Tour veteran Feliciano Lopez of Spain defeated Dusan Lajovic of Serbia 6-4, 2-6, 6-4 in a second-round match, while Malek Jaziri of Tunisia beat American Ernesto Escobedo 6-4, 6-3.
The PGA Tour began the second half of the season at the Texas Open, with Andrew Landry becoming the seventh first-time winner.
Never mind that it feels as though the season is just getting started.
Still to come are three majors and The Players Championship. Not to be overlooked are the FedEx Cup playoffs. Quibble about points and prestige, but they deliver four tournaments over five weeks of the top available players.
Most sports prefer to become more relevant the closer they get to the finish line, so that's one benefit of the PGA Tour's wraparound season.
The opening 22 weeks featured one major and three World Golf Championships, one of them in Shanghai last October, the other two in March separated by two weeks. Justin Thomas, Bubba Watson and Patton Kizzire are multiple winners. Dustin Johnson should be. Jordan Spieth would settle for one victory at this point.
The first half did a good job setting the table for what should be a compelling five months.
BATTLE FOR NO. 1
Not long after Dustin Johnson closed with a 67 at the RBC Heritage, he left for the Bahamas as part of a three-week break. His tie for 16th at Hilton Head was important. It assured Johnson of staying at No. 1 for a few more weeks, but maybe not by the time he returns at TPC.
He will be No. 1 for at least 62 weeks, significant in that only three other players have stayed atop the world ranking longer since it began in 1986 — Nick Faldo (81 weeks), Greg Norman (96 weeks) and Tiger Woods (264 weeks and 281 weeks).
It might not last much longer. Thomas, who could have replaced Johnson by winning his semifinal match in the Dell Technologies Match Play, gets another chance next week at the Wells Fargo Championship. That's at Quail Hollow, where Thomas won the PGA Championship last summer.
Jon Rahm also had a chance to get to No. 1 in January until a 75-77 weekend at Torrey Pines.
With so many big tournaments coming up, a half-dozen players are in the mix for No. 1 by the end of the season.
BEST SEASON
Patrick Reed can easily claim this because of that green jacket he loves to (and should) show off. Winning the Masters makes it a great year no matter what else happens, and Reed will have a hard time topping this one even if he wins all five Ryder Cup matches in France.
Three others are worthy of consideration.
Thomas faced a most difficult encore after he won five times last season, including his first major, the PGA Championship, and the FedEx Cup. He has backed it up so far with two victories. One of them was the Honda Classic, where he made two birdies on the par-5 18th — with a wedge to force a playoff, and with a 5-wood to set up the win.
Watson won against two strong fields at Riviera and Match Play. Kizzire won't get as much recognition from winning at the OHL Classic at Mayakoba in the fall and the Sony Open in January. But he went head-to-head in beating Rickie Fowler in Mexico and won a six-hole playoff on Oahu. In a rarity, he won twice in a season while ranked outside the top 100 in the world.
TIGER ANNIVERSARY
One year ago, the Texas Open was the same week Woods had his fourth back surgery, and all sorts of speculation followed. Would he ever play again? Did he even want to play again? And if he did, how much would fusion surgery limit him?
The answers: Yes, yes and not much.
He recorded a swing speed of 129 mph. He was runner-up by one shot at the Valspar Championship. A year ago, no one would have been surprised if he missed the Masters. Instead, the surprise was that he didn't break par until Sunday and tied for 32nd.
Interesting about Woods at this point in the season is that he played three of his six tournaments on courses where he has never won.
THE REVIVALS
Even as the PGA Tour gets younger, five players in their 40s managed to win.
Phil Mickelson tops the list. Ian Poulter isn't too far behind.
His victory drought approaching five years, Mickelson was on the verge of falling out of the top 50 in the world for the first time in 25 years when he ran off four consecutive top 10s, the last one a playoff victory in the Mexico Championship.
Poulter had gone more than six years without a win, would have lost his full PGA Tour card last year except for a clerical error and then was told at the Dell Match Play that he was in the Masters, when in fact he needed to win one more match (which he lost badly). Poulter opened with a 73 the following week in Houston, answered with rounds of 64-65, made a 30-foot birdie putt on the 18th to force a playoff and won on the first extra hole to get into the Masters.
Those victories will go a long way in getting Mickelson and Poulter to France in the fall as captain's picks if they don't qualify for their Ryder Cup teams.
But it's early.
Even though one half of the season is gone, the bigger half is coming up.
It was the second day of a seven-day fundraising cycle around Lake Ontario and spirits were high among the 55 riders dressed in purple, the colour of pancreas cancer awareness. The riders strung out into small groups of five or six as they approached Kingston from the west, along Bath Road near Jim Snow Road, Sunday afternoon.
Trouble started with a pothole.
The jolt of a tire striking the edge of broken asphalt caused one rider to tumble over his handlebars and hit his head. Four riding companions stopped to help, including one who is a retired fire captain, said Gord Townley, founder of the 7 Days in May charity ride.
The former fire captain stopped traffic and moved the injured cyclist to safety on the shoulder of the road. A support van with the ride and 911 had both been called.
It was around 3:30 p.m.
“He knew what to do, our rider was in good hands,” said Townley.
By then a second group of six or seven cyclists on the ride arrived. They were told everything was under control. One man from the second group got off his bike and said he would stay and help as the rest of his group pushed ahead.
The road was then reopened for traffic.
“A van came up and slowed down and moved a little bit to the left to give the riders clearance and, as best as I can understand, a car was coming up at speed behind this van, thought they could pass on the shoulder and pulled around to the right of the van and struck four of the riders,” he said.
Among those hit was Townley's 30-year-old daughter, the man from the second group of riders who stopped to help and two riders who were originally with the rider who first fell off his bike.
Townley, who was riding in a group just behind, arrived a few minutes after.
“I rolled up, I know them all well,” he said. “I saw the critically injured cyclist lying on the ground, the (retired) fire captain had moved over to tend to him, and resuscitate and care for him. As I walked towards him, my daughter called out to me. Her boyfriend was comforting her, he was one of the ones who was not hit, fortunately.”
A minute or so later, paramedics arrived.
The man from the second group was the most seriously injured, Townley said. He was in critical condition at the scene. He had not heard Monday afternoon how he was doing.
Townley's daughter has several broken bones, including broken ribs, and a punctured lung. She underwent surgery Sunday night and is recovering, he said. Two others were also injured.
After the crash, the car hit the guardrail and rolled over into the ditch. The driver was also injured. The man who hit the pothole was not hit.
“It's frightening. This was not a cycling accident. It was a series of cyclists who had pulled over to the side of the road. They weren't riding, this was just a driver who wasn't patient who caused incredible damage without realizing what they were doing, I guess,” Townley said.
“Why the gentleman decided to pass on right, we don't know. The police are investigating.”
This is the seventh year of the 7 Days in May ride, which leads cyclists on a 1,100 kilometre rides to raise funds for pancreas cancer research.
The riders started in Mississauga on Saturday and stopped in Cobourg for the night. On Sunday they pushed off for Kingston. They were about 30 kilometres from their scheduled stop at the time of the crash.
“Everyone on the ride is a pretty capable cyclist,” said Townley.
He said the ride would resume Tuesday.
Calls for information to the Ontario Provincial Police were not returned prior to deadline Monday.
• Email: ahumphreys@nationalpost.com | Twitter: AD_Humphreys
Farm accidents and emergencies can happen anytime. Preplanning is an important step of farm safety. Plans should include instructions on what to do in case of an emergency, maps, inventory lists and emergency numbers.
1Make a plan
Sit down with family members and farmworkers and make a list of things that need to be in done if an emergency should arise.
2Emergency information
An emergency response plan should include a list of telephone numbers in order of who to call. The list should also include the owner's home and other farm telephone or cell numbers, names and numbers of local chemical dealers and emergency response personnel. Keep this list near all phones or main work stations on the farm.
3Emergency calls
When calling for help, rescue workers need to know:
The location of the accident and directions to the location.
The telephone number from which the call was made.
The nature of the accident. (I.e. tractor rollover, PTO injury, etc.)
The number of victims.
The condition of the victims. (Breathing, bleeding, etc.)
Type of first aid given, if any. (CPR, etc.)
Whether someone will meet them at the entrance to direct them to the victim.
Any special conditions in the area that will interfere with rescue efforts. (Muddy fields, etc.)
Any other necessary information.
4Notification system
It is important for people with whom you are working to know where you are. Tell someone where you will be working for a certain amount of time. Keep bulletin boards in the farm office with time, date, and the location of where you will be working. Keep in touch with cell phones.
If you do not report back after a certain time, other workers will know where to look for you.
5Farm maps
Many roads and rural areas do not have signs or are known by other names. Rescue personnel need to know the names of roads in the area and their location.
Make a map of the fields on your farm and the access roads with their proper names. Keep a copy of the map in your office and home, give a copy to local rescue, and post near phones.
A facility map should show all buildings, fixed equipment and utility shut-off points. Put a distance scale and compass on the map. Label and name buildings and note their contents, such as chemical or equipment storage. Show loading tanks, fixed equipment, wells and sewer lines.
6Inventory lists
Emergency response plans should include an inventory list. The list should include quantities and locations of pesticides, first aid kits, tools, fire extinguishers, protective clothing, shovels, disposal containers and absorbent material.
7Dealing with the media
The media will report on major farm accidents and disasters and will need the most accurate and timely information. Designate one person to talk to the media and prepare that person with information the public needs to know (such as the nature of the emergency, chemicals involved, injuries and potential hazards).
Spokespersons should not speculate, lie or say “no comment.” They should give a reason why they can't respond, such as it is unconfirmed information or a legal matter. Being calm, confident and honest will help relieve the public and promote good media relations.
Sources: Preplanning for Farm Emergencies, Maine Farm Safety Program, University of Maine Extension.
(Farm and Dairy is featuring a series of “101” columns throughout the year to help young and beginning farmers master farm living. From finances to management to machinery repair and animal care, farmers do it all.)
More Farming 101 columns:
OTTAWA — A Conservative MP stung by the sudden death of colleague Gord Brown is handing out pill case keychains on Parliament Hill, urging everyone he sees to carry a couple of potentially life-saving aspirin.
Rob Nicholson says that after Brown's fatal collapse earlier this month in his Parliament Hill office, he felt the need to do something — so Nicholson went online and ordered hundreds of the keychains to hand out on the Hill and in his Niagara Falls riding.
Nicholson wants to encourage others to follow suit, arguing that people are more likely to carry the keychains than a bottle of pills from their medicine cabinet.
Nicholson announced the initiative today alongside Brown's widow, Claudine Courtois.
He says the idea is to have aspirin on hand at all times, to be chewed when the symptoms strike — a measure that's known to buy heart attack victims precious minutes before help arrives.
Nicholson says he was at a conference a few years back when he heard about others carrying aspirin keychains, and was inspired to carry one himself.
He also says it would be an "excellent idea" for the House of Commons to install defibrillators, something he's heard from others over the years.
Following his news conference, Nicholson handed a keychain to Liberal MP Celina Caesar-Chavannes.
"Love it," she said, adding, "You always know where your keys are."
By The Canadian Press
The difference is remarkable.
The Jaycee/Kleinow Ball Diamonds Renovation Project, which began in 2013, has resulted in the kind of youth ballpark area in which Monticello can take pride.
It couldn't have happened without a whole lot of work, and a whole lot of money.
Much of the work – and the money – came from Bud and Georgia Johnson. They donated $90,000 to the project, as well as an additional $100,000 combined through MinnTex Citrus and the Eastern Iowa Sports Facility.
Virtually every traffic scientist agrees Canada is absolutely awful at merging through bottlenecks.
In fact, it's hard to imagine how we could be worse.
At the first sign of a lane coming to an end, the Canadian strategy is to immediately cram into single file and abandon the soon-to-run-out lane.
Then, as cars slowly inch ahead through the gap, they zealously defend the sanctity of the line by aggressively blocking the entry of any and all late mergers.
But the late mergers always get through, forcing the queued drivers to watch with mounting frustration as BMW after BMW cuts to the front of the line.
The system is dangerous, anarchic, slow — and in some of the better-driving parts of the world it's illegal. In Germany or Austria, refusing entry to a late merger can get you a ticket.
The reason is that German-speakers know there is a better way. They naturally gave it a complicated name, reißverschlussverfahren. But in North America, it is known simply as the zipper merge.
The zipper merge works by simply having drivers delay their merge until the lane has come to an end. Then, at the precise point of the bottleneck, drivers from each lane take turns entering the gap, like a zipper.
The most obvious benefit is reduced congestion. Cramming into one lane can double the length of a line of traffic and cause unnecessary road blockages to fan out for kilometres behind the bottleneck.
Second, the zipper merge is fair. The simple mantra of “stay in your own lane until the bottleneck” prevents the stress and anarchy of jockeying for position in a single lane. The aforementioned line-cutting BMW, meanwhile, no longer has a clear path to the front of the line.
And, incredibly, the zipper merge might even be faster. A 2004 study by the Virginia Transportation Research Council found that under ideal conditions, the smooth efficiency of the zipper merge results in a faster movement of traffic through the bottleneck.
In essence, when a line of traffic isn't forced to come to a virtual halt in the chaos of early merging, it allows traffic to maintain momentum that gets it past the obstruction quicker.
“By working together, by abandoning our individual preferences and our distrust of others' preferences, in favor of a simple set of objective rules, we can make things better for everyone,” wrote Tom Vanderbilt in the 2008 book Traffic.
Jurisdictions have tried with varying success to convert their citizens to the gospel of the zipper merge.
Starting in the early 2000s, the state of Minnesota has been the U.S. standard for the zipper merge, rolling out pro-zipper merge signage and public relations campaigns. Since 2015, the City of Saskatoon has been pushing the zipper merge as a method to reduce congestion.
And, earlier this month, the Alberta Motor Association officially came out in support of the zipper merge. “It's okay to ‘cheat,'” said the organization in a press release.
The problem, unfortunately, is psychological.
Canadians love lining up. It's one of our proudest traditions. We line up at bus stops, at Tim Hortons and even on Black Friday.
This is literally how Canadians do Door crasher Black Friday sale lmao. This is actually so Canadian it makes me cry pic.twitter.com/cCbgAqioQ9 — Cuellar360 (@Cuellar360) November 25, 2016
Naturally, we are a country filled with motorists who have spent their whole lives proudly queuing through bottlenecks — and learning to view late mergers as the literal scum of the earth.
But unlike the nobly egalitarian humble Tim Hortons lineup, Canadian politeness is hurting the efficiency of our highways.
The beautiful efficiency of the zipper merge only needs a handful of aggressive or overly polite drivers to bring it to a halt, and that's exactly what has been happening.
Anywhere in North America the zipper merge is introduced, the effort quickly fizzles out unless it's aggressively backed by signage and police presence.
Dutiful “zipper mergers” quickly find themselves treated as line-cutting pariahs, and vigilante drivers even take to straddling lanes in order to prevent late mergers from getting to the bottleneck.
Converting Canada to the zipper merge is like a miniature version of converting Canada to the metric system. Although the metric system made mathematical sense for efficiency and world trade, we forget that it was viciously opposed by a strong cohort of Canadians who saw it as faddish and inconvenient. That, or they just didn't want to bother measuring their gasoline in litres.
But the zipper merge is that rare Canadian reform that costs next to nothing, and could immediately yield untold benefits in terms of shorter commutes, lower gas bills and reduced heart rates.
By perpetually turning lanes into a no-man's-land at the first sign of merge, we are prohibiting Canadian tarmac from being used to its full capacity and potential every day.
• Email: thopper@nationalpost.com | Twitter: TristinHopper
In its most recent quarterly report, Wells Fargo disclosed that it increased its estimate of the costs from legal claims to about $3.3 billion. Yet, for all the issues the bank has faced, the only regulatory action against it has been a $185 million settlement with the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, its lead regulator, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, and the Los Angeles City Attorney.
A review of the Corporate Prosecution Registry maintained by the University of Virginia Law Library does not show Wells Fargo being the defendant in a criminal prosecution. It did settle a civil suit filed by the Justice Department in 2016 by paying $1.2 billion and admitted improperly certifying mortgages to obtain insurance from the Federal Housing Administration.
The bank has not been the subject of an enforcement action by the Securities and Exchange Commission over its disclosure or accounting practices, although last year its investment bank was sued, accused of fraud related to a bond underwriting in Rhode Island.
Will Wells Fargo be held to account for the many ways in which it mistreated its customers? The prospect of governmental action appears to be diminishing, and any fines it might face are likely to be at the low end of the scale based on recent enforcement trends since the start of the administration of President Trump.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Penalties imposed by financial regulators so far in 2017 are much lower than for the comparable period last year, according to The Wall Street Journal. That may be a reflection of the end of the financial crisis cases, but the new chairman of the Securities and Exchange Commission, Jay Clayton, stated during his confirmation hearing that “shareholders do bear those costs and we have to keep that in mind.”
A report issued by the Environmental Integrity Project last week shows that federal environmental enforcement has also dropped, with fewer lawsuits against companies and a 60 percent drop in civil penalties during the first six months of the new administration.
Even private litigation by consumers against corporations would be substantially reduced under a bill passed by the House in March. One part in the legislation would require each member of a class action to show the same injuries as all others before a federal court can certify it to proceed, severely limiting the number of such cases when the harm may not be the same to all.
The flow of information about potential problems in banks will be curtailed under new regulatory guidance from the Federal Reserve, which oversees the largest banks. To ease the burden on the board of directors, the Fed would no longer require that the findings of a supervisory examination of the bank be given to the directors, and instead management would be responsible for passing along information about those matters that affect corporate governance.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Of course, the proposal is offered as a major benefit to corporate boards, with the Fed asserting that it will “improve corporate governance overall, increase efficiency, support greater accountability, and promote compliance with laws and regulations.” Directors would still be “responsible for holding senior management accountable for remediating supervisory findings,” although they might not be aware of them.
One of the basic requirements of corporate governance is the “Caremark duty” imposed on directors, named for an opinion from the Delaware Chancery Court in 1996. A board must put in place reporting systems to ensure that sufficient information reaches the directors to enable them to oversee the company and, when necessary, deal with problems. That duty does not permit delegating oversight responsibility to management, and directors should not just sit back and wait for information to pop to the surface.
A problem in holding individuals accountable for misconduct in an organization is the disconnect between the actual decisions and those charged with overseeing the company, so that executives and corporate boards usually plead ignorance about an issue until it is too late. As Gretchen Morgenson pointed out in her Fair Game column about the Fed's proposal, “reducing the information flow between bank boards and their examiners just doesn't seem smart.”
Government regulation and enforcement can be a ham-fisted way of ensuring corporate compliance, so decreased regulation and lower penalties do not necessarily mean there will be an uptick in the number of violations. But if the regulatory environment sends the message that there will be few consequences for misconduct, then there may be little need to even seek forgiveness when there is a reduced prospect of being caught and punished.
Atletico Madrid have announced the signing of teenage defender Nehuen Perez from Argentinos Juniors.
The 18-year-old centre-back has signed a six-year contract to move to the LaLiga side.
Perez, an Argentina Under-17 international, trained with Jorge Sampaoli's side in Russia during their unsuccessful World Cup campaign.
Atletico have also confirmed Bernard Mensah will join Kayserispor on loan for the 2018-19 season.
Pastor Ashimolowo compels members to pay $1,000 dollars for each year they have lived on earth [VIDEO]
Nigerian highly placed cleric, founder and General Overseer of the Kingsway International Christian Center, KICC, Pastor Matthew Ashimolowo has shocked his viewers after he compelled his congregants to give a thousand dollars for every year each of them had lived on earth. Pastor Ashimolowo already is worth over $10 million. He demanded in a church […]
Pastor Ashimolowo compels members to pay $1,000 dollars for each year they have lived on earth [VIDEO]
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
WTS: Vortex SPARC AR Red Dot Sight new Selling a brand-new Vortex SPARC AR Red Dot Sight. I opened the package and mounted on rifle and come to find out my eyes arent for the red dot. Just mounted last night, never shot, never torqued hard and never taken outside.
comes with all the new in the box goodies. 1/3 cowitness and full witness and comes with rubber cover housing.
$165.00 Shipped. Attached Thumbnails - Click to View Larger
Igbo Quit Notice: Ethnic Groups Call For Youth Confab
By Chibuzo Ukaibe, Abuja
…Urge Osinbajo To Attend
In a move to douse tensions generated by the three-month quit notice given to Igbos in the North, a coalition of ethnic nationalities yesterday ‎pleaded for calm and called for the convening of a national youth confab.
The ‎groups which met in Abuja and urged a ceasefire among the various youth groups in the country, also demanded that the acting President Yemi Osinbajo should attend the conference.
The added that the confab will afford Osinbajo an opportunity to calm frayed nerves and restore the country to the path of unity.
The groups noted that their call for a ceasefire was influenced by the intervention of former Governor of Anambra State, Mr. Peter Obi.
The groups stated this in a communique yesterday after a meeting. The communique was signed by Comrade Eric Oluwale of the Yoruba Youth Council Worldwide and Secretary General Ethnic National Youths Leaders; Comrade Emma Zompal of the Middle Belt Youth Council Worldwide; Mazi Okechukwu Isiguzoro of the Ohanaeze Ndigbo Youth Council; Barr. Oweilaemi Ereotubo of the Ijaw Youths; and Arewa Northern youths assembly led by Alh Ibrahim Waiya.
The communique was read by the middle belt youth council National President‎, Emma Zompal, flanked by over 100-man delegation.
The communique read in part: “We condemned the quit notice served by Arewa youths‎ to Igbos resident in the North and have resolved for peace to reign in all quarters. The meeting has, however, instituted peace process of reconciling the north and the south east
“We are still insisting on restructuring of the country so as to guarantee an equitable federalism for peaceful co existence.
“For the collective interest of Nigeria, we are calling for a ceasefire among all the aggrieved youth groups in the country. Pushing this matter too far has grave implication for Nigeria and by extension, the youths.
“We have resolved to toe the line of peace owing to the fatherly advice from the former governor of Anambra State, Chief Peter Obi, the Okwute Ndigbo. The youths, without hesitation, are ready to heed his advice considering his towering reputation beyond the shores of Nigeria. He remains in history as the best Governor Anambra has ever had and for that singular reason, his intervention is welcome.
“Obi has made it clear to the youths that there is futility in disunity and songs of war. He has convinced us that we are better of together, united.
‎”In the light of the above, we call for immediate end to further verbal exchanges on the above matter. This is the time for us to unite and champion a common course for Nigeria's unity.
“However, the youths hereby resolved that there will be a national Youth confab in other to address fundamental problem confronting our dear country by July; date and venue will be communicated in due course.
“The confab must have in attendance the Acting President of Nigeria, Prof. Yemi Osinbajo. This shall be an opportunity for him to calm frayed nerves and restore the country to the path of unity.”
The post Igbo Quit Notice: Ethnic Groups Call For Youth Confab appeared first on leadership.ng.
This post was syndicated from leadership.ng. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The largest home crowd of the season is expected for Syracuse when it hosts No. 2 Virginia on Saturday.
The fans will likely not be entertained by an up-tempo, high-scoring, fast-break show. Defense will be themed when the Cavaliers (21-1, 10-0 ACC) play the Orange (15-7, 4-5) in front of an expected crowd of more than 26,000 at the Carrier Dome.
Syracuse's top home attendance this season is 24,304 against Notre Dame.
Virginia has the best defensive team in the nation, allowing only 52.7 points per game.
Syracuse is known for its active 2-3 zone defense under coach Jim Boeheim. The Orange rank No. 10 nationally, allowing 62.8 points per game.
In the first meeting on Jan. 9 in Charlottesville, Va., Virginia won 69-61. The Cavaliers shot only 38.3 percent from the field and Syracuse made 37.7 percent.
The Orange made 28.6 percent of its 3-point shots and the Cavaliers shot just 33.3 percent from beyond the arc.
Virginia's lack of high-scoring games have the Cavaliers believing people tend to overlook them.
"It is exciting because people don't appreciate it, don't talk about us at all and that's fine," sophomore guard Ty Jerome said. "We don't care. People call us boring, this and that, but we don't care. This is who we are and we're going to embrace it and our fans embrace it and that's what's most important."
Virginia coach Tony Bennett has coached four teams that have led the nation in scoring defense. The Cavaliers, who are in the midst of a 13-game winning streak, have held eight opponents below 50 points this season.
Bennett said the difference is Virginia's chemistry when it comes to a team effort on defense. He has used the same starting lineup of Jerome, sophomore guard Kyle Guy, senior guard Devon Hall, senior forward Isaiah Wilkins and junior center Jack Salt in all 22 games.
FARGO, N.D. — The Latest on one of two suspects pleading guilty in the killing of a pregnant North Dakota woman. (all times local):
11:40 a.m.
A North Dakota woman has pleaded guilty in the killing of a pregnant neighbour so she and her boyfriend could keep the baby.
Thirty-eight-year-old Brooke Crews could face life in prison after pleading guilty Monday to conspiracy to commit kidnapping and murder, and lying to law officers in the death of 22-year-old Savanna Greywind, of Fargo.
Crews' attorney said she wanted to take responsibility for her actions, but Crews didn't offer details on how Greywind was killed. Authorities haven't said either.
Greywind was eight months pregnant when she disappeared in August. Kayakers found her body wrapped in plastic in a river. The baby was found alive in the apartment Crews shared with her 32-year-old boyfriend, William Hoehn. He's scheduled for trial in March.
Cass County prosecutor Birch Burdick didn't comment on Crews' plea.
——
10:15 a.m.
A North Dakota woman accused of killing a pregnant neighbour so she and her boyfriend could keep the baby is set to change her plea.
Thirty-eight-year-old Brooke Crews is scheduled to appear in Cass County Court in Fargo on Monday. She and her boyfriend, 32-year-old William Hoehn, have pleaded not guilty to conspiracy to commit murder and kidnapping in the death of 22-year-old Savanna Greywind.
Investigators haven't said how Greywind was killed, but Fargo's police chief has called it a “cruel and vicious act of depravity.”
The baby was found alive in Crews and Hoehn's apartment in Fargo. Greywind's boyfriend says DNA tests confirmed he and Greywind are the girl's parents.
Greywind was eight months pregnant when she disappeared in August. Kayakers found her body wrapped in plastic in a river.
A look at football players in the Big Ten this spring who are poised to have standout seasons beginning this fall:
EAST DIVISION
INDIANA
WR Nick Westbrook, junior. Westbrook emerged as one of the Hoosiers' top offensive playmakers two years ago. Last year, he tore an ACL on the first play of the season and received a medical redshirt. Expect Westbrook to reassert himself in what's become a crowded and talented receiving corps.
MARYLAND
WR Taivon Jacobs, senior. Jacobs steps into the featured receiver's role with the departure of possible first-round draft pick DJ Moore. Jacobs started all 12 games last year and ranked second behind Moore with 47 catches for 553 yards and five touchdowns.
MICHIGAN
WR Tarik Black, sophomore. He caught 11 passes for 149 yards and a touchdown in three games as a freshman in 2017 before a broken foot ended his season. Black was back this spring and drew sparkling reviews from teammates and coaches.
MICHIGAN STATE
LB Brandon Randle, sophomore. Randle is competing with Tyriq Thompson to replace Chris Frey in the starting lineup. Randle impressed as a defensive end in passing situations last year. He'll excel blitzing once he gets more comfortable playing linebacker full-time.
OHIO STATE
WR Austin Mack, junior. The junior was the fifth-leading receiver last year with 24 catches for 343 yards and two TDs. He caught a huge 27-yard pass from Dwayne Haskins Jr. against Michigan and stood out in the Cotton Bowl with three catches for 56 yards against Southern California.
PENN STATE
LB Micah Parsons, freshman. The Nittany Lions' highest-rated recruit in more than a decade, Parsons will wear No. 11 — the number made famous in Happy Valley 20 years ago by two-time first-team All-American LaVar Arrington. Parsons made eight tackles in the spring game and left coaches and teammates wondering how good he'll be when he's totally in sync with the defence.
RUTGERS
WR Bo Melton, sophomore. He fought through a back injury last season and played in just five games. Now he looks like the Scarlet Knights' top big-play threat. Arthur Sitkowski connected with Melton five times for 187 yards and three TDs in the spring game.
——
WEST DIVISION
ILLINOIS
OL Vederian Lowe, sophomore. Lowe was among four true freshmen who saw action on the offensive line last season, and they took their lumps. A knee injury delayed Lowe's development, but he still started seven games at tackle. The 6-foot-5 Lowe has lost nearly 30 pounds in hopes of getting down to 310.
IOWA
DE A.J. Epenesa, sophomore. Epenesa, the rare five-star recruit to land at Iowa, was used on passing downs as a freshman even though the Hawkeyes were very deep along the line. Epenesa responded with 4.5 sacks. Iowa should have one of the top defensive lines in the country, so double-teaming Epenesa will be a risk.
MINNESOTA
RB Mohamed Ibrahim, redshirt freshman. Ibrahim was the Gophers' 2017 offensive scout team player of the year, and he'll complement Rodney Smith after Shannon Brooks was ruled out for the season with a leg injury. Ibrahim rushed 19 times for 104 yards in the spring game.
NEBRASKA
QB Adrian Martinez, freshman. One of Scott Frost's first acts at Nebraska was getting Martinez to flip his verbal commitment from Tennessee and enrol in January. The four-star recruit is a perfect fit for Frost's offence. A strong performance in the spring game did nothing to tamp down the hype surrounding Martinez.
NORTHWESTERN
RB Jeremy Larkin, sophomore. Larkin averaged 6 yards per carry as a redshirt freshman backing up four-time 1,000-yard rusher Justin Jackson. Larkin finished with 503 yards rushing and five touchdowns. He also averaged better than 10 yards on his 11 catches.
PURDUE
WR Isaac Zico, senior. He played in 11 games and finished with six receptions for 34 yards and a TD. The Boilermakers lost their second- and third-leading receivers, so Zico will be given every opportunity to make an impact.
WISCONSIN
DE Isaiahh Loudermilk, sophomore. The Badgers lost three senior defensive ends, and Loudermilk's upside is huge. He's a Kansas native who played eight-man football in high school. As a backup last season, the 6-foot-7, 297-pounder had 11 tackles and 1.5 sacks in 11 games.
——
AP Sports Writers Dave Campbell, Tom Canavan, David Ginsburg, Larry Lage, Mike Marot, Luke Meredith, Andrew Seligman, Mitch Stacy and AP freelance writer Travis Johnson contributed.
——
More AP college football: https://collegefootball.ap.org
General News of Saturday, 7 October 2017
Source: citifmonline.com
2017-10-07
There are Over 500 potholes on the Tema motorway
Government will today [Saturday], carry out a major maintenance work on the Accra-Tema motorway, parts of which have been deteriorating for some time now. “The Ghana Highway Authority wishes to inform the general public that, there will be a major routine maintenance work on the Accra-Tema motorway which will start in earnest on Saturday, 7th October, 2017 at 8:00am,” a notice issued by the Ghana Highway Authority stated.
According to the Highway Authority, the work will commence from the Accra bound section of the motorway.
“We are therefore entreating motorists to respect police officers and contractor flagmen who are there to secure their safety, and also adhere to directional and safety signages made available at appropriate sections during this period, to minimize and curb accidents. Any inconvenience caused is deeply regretted,” the Authority added.
This comes on the back of a campaign waged by the Citi Breakfast Show team dubbed: #FixTemaMotorwayNow. It was aimed at putting pressure on government to fix the defects on the Accra-Tema Motorway.
There are reports that the Accra-Tema Motorway has not seen major repair works in the last decade, despite the huge sums of money the road generates in the form of tolls.
The Motorway has developed huge potholes, and can only boast of few streetlights thus causing a number of accidents at night.
Economic Importance
The motorway is an integral part of Ghana's economy. It is estimated that about 70,000 vehicles use the motorway daily.
The 19-kilometre road commissioned in November 1965 by the Kwame Nkrumah administration, forms part of the National Route 1(N1), which starts from Aflao (in the Volta Region), and ends in Elubo (in the Western Region).
It is also part of the Trans-West African Highway (Abidjan-Lagos Corridor), and also links the capital city, Accra, to the Kotoka International Airport and the Tema Port.
Over 500 potholes
There are unconfirmed reports that over 500 potholes could be found on the road.
PHOENIX (AP) — As some cities reaffirm support for sanctuary policies that protect immigrants, Phoenix finds itself in an unusual position to push back against any immigration actions by the new White House.
The Phoenix City Council on Wednesday will discuss a petition to adopt the sanctuary label, following the lead of Chicago, Los Angeles, New York and others in a city with one of the nation's largest populations of immigrants in the country illegally. But the effort is complicated by the fact that Arizona's landmark 2010 immigration law, known as SB1070, bars any Arizona city from becoming a sanctuary.
The Phoenix metro area is home to about 250,000 immigrants in the country illegally, according to a report last week from the Pew Research Center. The report is based on data from 2014. New York, Los Angeles and Houston have the highest number of immigrants who lack legal status.
Cities are doubling down on sanctuary policies in light of an order by President Donald Trump requiring immigration authorities to arrest and deport more people. The city policies vary but essentially bar local police from cooperating with federal immigration authorities.
Phoenix has a Democratic, immigrant-friendly mayor who has denounced Trump, but his hands are tied because of SB1070.
The law requires local police to question the immigration status of people suspected of being in the country illegally while enforcing other laws or in the course of an investigation. Most of the law was gutted by the courts, but city leaders say the surviving sections prevent local government agencies from restricting the enforcement of federal immigration law.
Still, pressure has mounted on Mayor Greg Stanton from immigrant advocacy groups who want the city to adopt sanctuary policies and from police and Republican leaders who oppose the measure.
City attorney Brad Holm says in a letter to the city manager that the petition for sanctuary status is "legally impermissible."
"It demands that the council break state law. If the petition were adopted, a court could fine the city for breaking the law, and the attorney general could seek forfeiture of state-shared revenue," Holm wrote.
Stanton last week blasted the Trump administration over the deportation of 35-year-old Guadalupe Garcia de Rayos, a Phoenix-area woman who until now had been granted leniency by Obama policies that aimed to protect immigrants without violent pasts and who have ties to the community. Garcia de Rayos was arrested in Phoenix during a routine check-in with U.S. Immigration Customs Enforcement and was deported the next day to Nogales, Mexico.
"Rather than tracking down violent criminals and drug dealers, ICE is spending its energy deporting a woman with two American children who has lived here for more than two decades and poses a threat to nobody," Stanton wrote on Twitter.
Stanton denounced Garcia de Rayos' deportation, but immigration activists called on him to use his power and not just his voice.
"If there was ever a time when we need your courage and we need you to stand up and we need you to put actions behind saying that Phoenix PD is not gonna become a mass deportation machine, it's now," said Francisca Porchas, of Puente Arizona, an immigrant rights group. "This is when we need Mayor Stanton, the city council, the state, everybody who is of conscience to stand up and defy this racist law."
BOSTON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 24, 2018--Fuze, the leading cloud-based communications solution provider for the modern global enterprise, today released the ‘Game Changers' Report that showcases examples of how CIOs and other IT leaders are assuming more strategic, impactful roles and leading projects that are transforming organizations from business, technology, and workforce standpoints.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005205/en/
Fuze Unveils Report Showcasing IT ‘Game Changers' in Action (Graphic: Business Wire)
The report profiles 12 visionary technology leaders, exploring how these game changers are making their marks. These CIOs and heads of IT come from different-sized organizations and industries, ranging from pro sports and apparel to construction materials.
What the game changers share is a willingness to disrupt the business and a commitment to leverage cutting-edge technology to change the way their companies operate; how their employees collaborate, communicate, and get work done; and the overall customer experience.
“CIOs are facing major challenges preparing their businesses to compete in a digital world,” said Colin Doherty, CEO of Fuze. “We've heard hundreds of stories from CIOs about how they've succeeded in taking cloud-first approaches and equipping the modern workforce with tools that empower them to work the way they want to work. This report highlights some of the most inspirational examples of game changers in action.”
Studies show that historically, CIOs were viewed as “order takers” whose duties focused more on “ keeping the lights on ” than on playing a leadership role in their companies' strategies. Now, they are stepping up as transformation agents, driving digital innovation and acting as positive catalysts for change.
Today's CIOs understand the importance of digital to any business and the opportunity it presents. Fuze's Breaking Barriers 2020: How CIOs are Shaping the Future of Work study shows 76 percent of CIOs believe adoption of new technology is a crucial business strategy and 80 percent say IT's ability to innovate is critical to the success of the business.
“Now, Information Technology is playing more of an advisory role,” said Jennifer Terrill, CIO of iPayment, one of the IT leaders profiled in the ‘Game Changers' Report. “We can collaborate and strategize on delivery options, adoption execution, and operational success criteria instead of what hardware and software to buy. The business mindset at iPayment is successfully adapting to meet the challenges of rapid technology changes.”
Resources
See all of the ‘Game Changers' Report content here Click for an infographic and video illustrating how our game changers are innovating and staying ahead of the industry If you are interested in meeting a game changer, join us for our ‘Game Changers' live events in Boston San Francisco , and Chicago Read the Fuze Breaking Barriers report
About Fuze Fuze is a global, cloud-based unified communications platform that empowers productivity and delivers insights across the enterprise by enabling simplified business voice communications, flexible video conferencing, and always-on collaboration. Formerly ThinkingPhones, Fuze allows the modern, mobile workforce to seamlessly communicate anytime, anywhere, across any device. Headquartered in Boston, MA, Fuze has additional locations including New York, San Francisco, Seattle, Ottawa, London, Amsterdam, Aveiro (Portugal), Madrid, Paris, Munich, Zurich, Copenhagen, and Sydney. For more information, visit www.fuze.com.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005205/en/
CONTACT: PAN Communications for Fuze
Emily Featherston, 617-502-4300
fuze@pancomm.com
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA MASSACHUSETTS
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: TECHNOLOGY CONSUMER ELECTRONICS INTERNET TELECOMMUNICATIONS OTHER TECHNOLOGY MOBILE/WIRELESS VOIP COMMUNICATIONS OTHER COMMUNICATIONS
SOURCE: Fuze
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/24/2018 09:00 AM/DISC: 04/24/2018 09:01 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005205/en
CEDAR FALLS, Iowa (AP) - Brenton Scott scored 20 points and grabbed 10 rebounds as Indiana State pulled away from Northern Iowa in the second half to take a 77-66 Missouri Valley Conference victory and snap a three-game losing streak on Saturday afternoon.
Scott knocked down three 3-pointers, giving him 257 career treys and leaving him 26 shy of the school record.
The Sycamores hit five 3-pointers in a row, the final two by Devin Thomas, to extend a one-point second-half lead, 45-44, into a 60-52 advantage.
Jordan Barnes contributed 13 points for Indiana State (11-13, 5-6).
Bennett Koch hit 8 of 11 from the free-throw line and finished with 16 points to lead Northern Iowa (11-13, 3-9), which dropped its third straight and fourth in its last five games. Klint Carlson added 14 points and Isaiah Brown contributed 10.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Billy Mitchell is known to video game fans as the King of Kong, a title made world-famous by the 2007 documentary The King of Kong: Fistful of Quarters about the race for the Donkey Kong world record. Mitchell's 1982 score of 874,300 points reigned for 18 years until Tim Sczerby passed it by with 879,200 points in August of 2000. Mitchell retaliated in 2004 with a total 933,900 points, while Steve Wiebe (also in The King of Kong) surpassed that in June of 2005 with 985,600.
Mitchell then became the first player to break 1,000,000, before he and Wiebe traded top scores a number of times (with Mitchell on top in 2007 with 1,050,200). Their monopoly on high scores ended in 2010, when Hank Chien dropped in with a Mitchell-busting score of 1,061,700. Aside from a couple of higher scoring attempts by Mitchell and Wiebe, Chien held the top score title until September of 2014, when Robbie Lakeman became the reigning champ, with Wes Copeland dropping higher scores in 2015 and 2016. Lakeman overtook Copeland this past December with a score of 1,230,100, surpassing Copeland's "perfect" 1,218,000 from 2016.
Still, Mitchell is undoubtedly the most famous of the Kong kings. His domineering persona, long hair, strong beard game and choice of black suits have cemented him as the go-to Donkey Kong champion, long after his impressive achievements. However, now DKF rates Mitchell not as the greatest, nor even the 20th best. Mitchell now sits at 47 on the community's leaderboards. But DKF, despite its place at the heart of the Donkey Kong world, isn't where people look for high scores.
Twin Galaxies has been the arbiter of video game leaderboards since 1981. It manages forums dedicated to fairly judging the veracity of scores as they're submitted by various parties. Other organizations, like the Guinness Book of World Records, rely on the leaderboards to award their own titles. When Twin Galaxies stripped the top 'Dragster' title (and all the rest of his high scores) from Todd Rogers just last week, Guinness soon followed suit.
At press time, Twin Galaxies has not removed Billy Mitchell's 2010 achievement from its main Donkey Kong leaderboards.
The issue is convoluted, though laid out with precision by Young in his explanatory post, which is accompanied by dozens of GIFs. "In summary," Young wrote, "these GIFs show that each of the Donkey Kong world record direct feed recordings presented by Billy Mitchell and verified by [Twin Galaxies] were generated in MAME and not by original Donkey Kong hardware."
According to Young, Mitchell claimed that the footage of his record-setting score was taken directly from the feed off a Donkey Kong arcade board. The investigation and analysis of comparable arcade feeds and MAME videos, specifically by a technically-inclined forum community member named Sock_Master, seem to show that Mitchell's footage comes from MAME, the open-source software that emulates arcade boards.
Playing Donkey Kong through MAME isn't problematic in itself (Young himself has recorded a 905,700 score through the emulator), but there are strict verifications for MAME high score attempts that check that the run was, for example, human-controlled and performed in one continuous playthrough. If the allegations Young has brought to Twin Galaxies are true, then Mitchell not only didn't go through these checks, he also hid the fact that he wasn't playing on official hardware. The evidence for the allegations is complex, and largely centers on framerate analysis and an apparent mis-rotation of the playscreen, but taken as a whole it appears quite damning.
"It's important that we as a community take a stand against cheating and dishonesty."
"The specific information provided in the thread has been gathered over the past week or so," Young told Engadget. "But closer looks at his videos have been happening for years. I started the formal [Twin Galaxies] dispute last August."
The number two Donkey Kong player in the world is Wes Copeland. "Billy is a great person and has been really encouraging to me as a fellow competitor," he told us. "However, it's important that we as a community take a stand against cheating and dishonesty. This newfound evidence is damning, and this has forced us to take immediate action against Billy's scores on the community leaderboard.'
Forum moderator Young isn't gloating, of course, but does feel vindicated. "Well, confirmation of a suspicion is always nice," he told us. While many people got into Donkey Kong because of the documentary, Young says his involvement is more tangential, and began when he learned about the scene from a friend on PlayStation Network. "I didn't watch King of Kong until I was already on [the Donkey Kong Forum]. I didn't have a strong opinion of [Mitchell] or Wiebe before I showed up. And by the time I showed up [in late 2012/early 2013] the whispers were already there."
Young's main motivation is to make sure the posted scores are legitimate. "My view of Mitchell hasn't really changed," he said. "I do understand his role in the bigger picture, but my focus has always been on the community as it exists now, the friends I've made, and making sure competition is on the up-and-up."
Whether Mitchell's demotion will propagate to the Twin Galaxies leaderboards is still up in the air. "Billy's 1,062,800 has been removed [from DKF]," said Young, "but he's still on the board with a 933,900 that was done in public with more credible circumstances. How Twin Galaxies responds is completely up to them. Both [Twin Galaxies custodian] Jace Hall and the TG 'commissioner' Dave Hawksett visit DKF on occasion, so I think they have interest in our voice." Engadget has reached out to Twin Galaxies for comment and will update the post if we hear back.
North Korean dictator Kim Jong-un has a diabolical plan in case tensions with the U.S. continue to escalate, according to a defector.
Ung-gil Lee, a former clandestine special operator who escaped the Hermit Kingdom, told The Mail on Sunday that if the United States attacks the isolated nation, “diplomats, tourists and foreign businessmen” in South Korea will be at risk. Lee said his his former unit is trained and prepared to retaliate by kidnapping foreigners from South Korea, bringing them to the North and ultimately killing them.
The defector said that as part of the 11th Storm Corps, he stole across the border into South Korea unnoticed, carrying both traditional weapons and nerve agents in what he called “suicide missions” to capture foreigners. He said that the 11th Storm Corps is only one of several units, ready to act, in the event of an attack by the U.S.
Michael Malice, author of “Dear Reader: The Unauthorized Autobiography of Kim Jong Il,” told Fox News that the report seems to be in line with what is known about the mysterious regime.
“North Korea has been kidnapping people for literally decades for various reasons,” he said. “They've also repeatedly send people to the south to assassinate various people.”
Surprisingly, North Korea has admitted to kidnapping a dozen Japanese citizens. In an uncharacteristic apology, then-supreme leader Kim Jong Il in 2002 blamed his special forces for getting “carried away by a reckless quest for glory” in the abduction of those taken in the 1970s and 1980s, including a 13-year-old girl on her way back from badminton, a cook, a recently engaged couple enjoying dinner by the beach and a club hostess.
The repressive nation claimed that eight out of the twelve had already died. Human Rights Watch reports that additionally, “the North Korean government has also kidnapped individuals from China, Thailand, Europe, and the Middle East.”
Notably, a famous South Korean film couple, a movie-star wife and director husband, were kidnapped from Hong Kong in 1977 and taken to North Korea in an effort to help build the film industry. Choi Eun-hee and Shin Sang-ok were held captive for eight years before they were able to escape and tell their story.
There has not been a confirmed case of an American kidnapped by North Korea, however detained U.S. citizens are known to be used for political leverage by Kim Jong-un's regime. Visiting North Korea is not illegal for Americans, but it is discouraged by the State Department.
The family of BYU student, David Sneddon, is still looking for answers after he disappeared in 2004. Last year, unconfirmed allegations emerged that he was kidnapped by North Korea from China, where he was studying.
North Korea is currently holding prisoner American student Otto Warmbier, sentenced to 15 years hard labor for stealing a propaganda poster from his hotel in Pyongyang during an organized trip to the country in 2016. At the time, the Obama administration announced sanctions against North Korea. Warmbier apologized for what was called an “act of hostility against the state,” however he remains a prisoner and little is known of his conditions.
Shortly after Warmbier's sentencing, another American citizen was reportedly convicted of spying in North Korea, punished with the same 15-year sentence. North Korea touted the capture of 63-year-old Kim Dong Chul, a South Korean-born naturalized U.S. citizen, by releasing his American passport and parading him out in a state-sponsored news conference.
Korean-American pastor Kenneth Bae was held in North Korea for 19 months, enduring hard labor for the crime of evangelizing. He was released in 2014, thanks in large part to former NBA star Dennis Rodman and the friendship he formed with the North Korean dictator.
Malice told Fox News that North Korea refers to Americans as “U.S. imperialists” and the people of the North consider South Korea to be their territory, occupied by the U.S.
He explained that North Korea “goes after defectors as a means of revenge,” making those they see as traitors the most obvious targets of kidnapping.
However, all that could change if the U.S. takes military action against North Korea.
“We are the theoretical enemies,” said Malice, “but if we move, we will be the enemy in practice, and they will absolutely go after us.”
Kristine Kotta contributed to this story.
Ibani returns as Rivers Speaker
MEMBER representing Andoni Constituency in the Rivers State House of Assembly, Rt Hon Ikuinyi Owaji Ibani has been returned as the Speaker. Ibani had resigned his speakership after the Court of Appeal annulled his election and was re-elected in the December 10, legislative rerun elections. His election came as Rt Hon Adams Dabotorudima also resigned […]
The post Ibani returns as Rivers Speaker appeared first on Nigerian Pilot: Nigerian Newspaper.
This post was syndicated from Nigerian Pilot: Nigerian Newspaper. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
NEW YORK (CBSNewYork) — As many as half a million people are preparing to march in Washington this week for stricter gun laws in response to the Florida school shooting that left 17 people dead.
Many of them will be high school students. Two of them are leading the charge.
MORE: Some Officials Wanted Florida School Shooting Suspect Cruz Committed In 2016
Just last week, students across the Tri-State Area and the country walked out of school for 17 minutes, inspired by the school shooting in Parkland, Florida. Students at 3,000 schools protested gun violence in the wake of the deaths of students at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School.
“I think we're what every American should be. We're people that are standing up and being politically active in our democracy in our own way and I think what we saw last week with the walking out of school,” Majory Stoneman student David Hogg said. “Students were walking out of school, but now they're gonna walk into the polls when they're able to vote and they're gonna vote these people out of office.”
Among the most vocal students from Stoneman Douglas are seniors Hogg and Emma Gonzalez, both have whom have been flooded with death threats.
“Everybody gets death threats at some point in their life, I feel, be it from soccer,” Gonzalez said.
“That's how we know what we're doing matters. People want to stop us. We're not gonna let them,” Hogg added.
“They're attacking us personally because they can't find fault in our message,” Gonzalez said.
MORE: Tri-State State Students Walk Out In Solidarity With Nationwide Gun Protests
Survivors of the shooting in Florida have mobilized the “Never Again” movement. Their goal is to overcome political obstacles in order to influence legislation. They believe their fight will be a long one.
“They expect our generation to have a short attention span and we are not gonna let that happen, because the second we forget about this it can and it will be you,” Hogg said.
Students plan to gather again this Saturday, March 24, for an event dubbed the “March For Our Lives” in Washington, where they say they'll send a message to lawmakers up close.
On Monday night, Bill Murray did what Bill Murray does best (besides acting). He crashed a restaurant opening. In what has become somewhat of his calling card, the 66-year-old star dropped in, uninvited, on the opening of the new waterfront DUMBO restaurant Cecconi's — Soho House & Co's first eatery that is open to the public in New York. (ICYMI, Soho House operates a few other locations that are strictly private members clubs in the city.)
Murray had been out on a walk with friends heading toward the carousel when he noticed the festivities. “He must have seen the party going on, because a while later, he came back and joined the party, where the drinks and lobster spaghetti had been flowing free all night,” one guest recalled.
The Groundhog Day star chilled outdoors on the terrace that looked out on the East River and Manhattan, making small talk with the (invited) guests. Just for the record, even though he hadn't received a formal invite, the actor was more than welcome once he arrived. So, what did he talk about? Another restaurant, apparently — but not just any restaurant: his son's restaurant.
According to a guest, the thesp spent some time encouraging guests at Cecconi's to check out his son Homer Murray's place, 21 Greenpoint (where the star has bartended from time to time). In other words, he has his son's back, big time.
View photos Bill Murray attends the 22nd Annual Poets House Poetry Walk. (Photo: Mike Pont/Getty Images) More
Murray has made somewhat of a habit out of dropping in on random events, an activity that he enjoys because it keeps life from getting stale. One time he showed up at George Clooney's house in Lake Como without any warning. One time he crashed a couple's engagement photoshoot. No one is safe.
“I live a little bit on the seat of my pants, I try to be alert and available . . . for life to happen to me,” he has said. “We're in this life, and if you're not available, the sort of ordinary time goes past and you didn't live it. But if you're available, life gets huge. You're really living it.” So, go live your life — and buy some drinks at his son's place. Thankyouverymuch.
Read more from Yahoo Celebrity:
Redknapp: Selling Martial Will Be A Mourinho Mistake
Jamie Redknapp believes Mourinho will be making the same mistake he made with De Bruyne, if he let's Anthony Martial leave the club.
The young forward has been linked with a January exit after losing his starting berth at Old Trafford.
And Redknapp feels United and Martial will regret it if they let the frenchman leave for La Liga.
Redknapp wrote in the Daily Mail: “Martial has been more peripheral this season but Sevilla would be the wrong move for him.
“I can imagine United, and Jose, are scared to let him go.
“If they are not careful there is every chance he could become another Kevin De Bruyne, who Mourinho let go at Chelsea.
“I understand why agents want to move their players around but Martial is not going to find many better clubs than Manchester United.
“With Martial's £58 million price tag comes added scrutiny. While he has not had the same impact as last season, he is still just 21 and has a manager who will help him.”
Martial has been restricted to just eight Premier Leagues starts this season, and 18 appearances in all competitions.
The post Redknapp: Selling Martial Will Be A Mourinho Mistake appeared first on 360Nobs.com.
This post was syndicated from 360Nobs.com. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
It might surprise casual listeners that perennial frat-bar favorite John Mellencamp is a longtime supporter of liberal politics: He's lent campaign tunes to Hillary Clinton and asked John McCain to stop using them, is a cofounder of Farm Aid, and left his old record label Columbia after encountering an executive who made racist remarks about black musicians. Last night, Mellencamp was the musical guest on The Late Show With Stephen Colbert, where he performed a sparse rendition of his pro-Black Lives Mater song “Easy Target,” backed only by piano and violin. As the song drew to a close, Mellencamp took one knee and raised a fist, echoing the silent protest that swept the NFL after Colin Kaepernick began kneeling during the national anthem in 2016. Watch the performance below.
Just 24 percent of Americans believe the country is heading in the right direction after a tumultuous stretch for President Donald Trump that included the threat of war with North Korea, stormy complaints about hurricane relief and Trump's equivocating about white supremacists. That's a 10-point drop since June, according to a poll from The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research.
The decline in optimism about the nation's trajectory is particularly pronounced among Republicans. In June, 60 percent of Republicans said the country was headed in the right direction; now it's just 44 percent.
The broader picture for the president is grim, too. Nearly 70 percent of Americans say Trump isn't level-headed, and majorities say he's not honest or a strong leader. More than 60 percent disapprove of how he is handling race relations, foreign policy and immigration, among other issues.
Overall, 67 percent of Americans disapprove of the job Trump is doing in office, including about one-third of Republicans.
Tracy Huelsman, a 40-year-old from Louisville, Kentucky, is among them. A self-described moderate Republican, Huelsman said she's particularly concerned about the "divisiveness" she feels the president promotes on social media.
"It's scary in 2017 that we are in what seems like a worse place in terms of division," said Huelsman, who did not vote for Trump in last year's election.
The assessments come after a turbulent summer for Trump that included a major White House shake-up, bringing the departure of his chief of staff, top strategist and press secretary. While the installment of retired Marine Gen. John Kelly as chief of staff has ushered in more day-to-day order in the West Wing, the president has still stirred up numerous controversies, including when he blamed "both sides" for the clashes between white supremacists and counter-protesters in Charlottesville, Virginia.
Trump has also raised the specter of a military conflict with North Korea over its nuclear provocations. He's derided North Korea's leader, Kim Jong-un, as "rocket man," including during a speech at the United Nations, and has downplayed the prospects that diplomatic negotiations with Kim could yield results.
Despite his electoral success, Trump struggled as both a candidate and now as president to broaden his base of support beyond his ardent supporters. The loyalty of his core backers has been enough to keep Republican lawmakers largely in line, but party operatives are closely watching Trump's support among GOP and independent voters ahead of next year's midterm elections, when the balance of power in Congress will be at stake.
To be sure, lawmakers have their own problems to worry about. Americans have even less esteem for Congress than Trump, with just 18 percent saying they approve of the job being done by the House and the Senate.
Republicans took another hit last month when they failed — for a second time this year — to pass an overhaul of the nation's health care law. GOP leaders tried to rush votes on the complicated legislation, leaving many voters unsure of what was in the package.
"They never seemed to present a bill to people that you could actually look at the details of and the pluses and minuses of it," said Dennis Cronin, a 67-year-old independent from Wenham, Massachusetts.
The GOP failure on health care has irritated Trump, who promised voters that repealing "Obamacare" would be easy. Americans aren't happy with his progress on health care either; 68 percent disapprove of his handling of the issue.
Of all the issues surveyed by the AP-NORC poll, the president performs slightly better on the economy. But even there, 56 percent disapprove of the job he's doing and just 42 percent say they approve.
On Friday, the Labor Department announced that the U.S. shed 33,000 jobs in September because of Hurricanes Harvey and Irma, which closed thousands of businesses in Texas and Florida and forced widespread evacuations. It marked the first monthly hiring drop in nearly seven years.
Ninety-two percent of Democrats and 69 percent of independents say Trump understands the problems of people like them not very or not at all well. Even among Republicans, only 42 percent say he understands them very well, while 32 percent say he does moderately well.
The AP-NORC poll of 1,150 adults was conducted Sept. 28-Oct. 2 using a sample drawn from NORC's probability-based AmeriSpeak panel, which is designed to be representative of the U.S. population. The margin of sampling error for all respondents is plus or minus 4.1 percentage points.
Respondents were first selected randomly using address-based sampling methods, and later interviewed online or by phone.
———
Online:
AP-NORC Center: http://www.apnorc.org/
———
Follow Julie Pace at http://twitter.com/jpaceDC and Emily Swanson at http://twitter.com/el—swan
TORONTO — Ontario's newly elected Progressive Conservative government has halted changes to sports and concert ticket price legislation that would have capped resale values for events across the province.
A spokesman for the Tories confirmed today that the law passed by the previous Liberal government to address escalating ticket prices will not immediately move ahead.
The Tories say the law attempted to put a cap on ticket resale prices but had no mechanisms to enforce the measure.
The new government, which was officially sworn on last Friday, says it will review the section of the consumer protection law that deals with ticket resale.
The law would have capped sports and concert ticket resale prices at 50 per cent above original face value.
It was set to come into effect on July 1.
Continue reading this story for free . Make sure you continue to stay updated with the best motorsport news every month.
ORLANDO, Fla. — Disney has released new details and visuals on the gondolas that will connect some of its theme parks and hotels at Disney World.
The Orlando Sentinel reports information on the gondola system, called the Disney Skyliner, was released on the Disney parks blog.
One station will be at the International Gateway at Epcot. Disney's Caribbean Beach Resort will be the station that serves as hub for the system where guests can transfer.
The blog did not say when the gondolas will open.
The gondola construction project comes as Disney is expanding by building new lands in Hollywood Studios as well adding more rides in Magic Kingdom and Epcot.
The gondolas had been rumoured for months although Disney brought up the project in July during an event in Anaheim, California.
——
Information from: Orlando Sentinel, http://www.orlandosentinel.com/
ITV's Victoria sees Albert's brother Ernst fall in love with the Queen's Mistress of the Robes, Harriet. Here is the real history behind this storyline
The Victoria two-hour festive special is a turning point in Harriet and Ernest's will-they-won't-they relationship.
Advertisement
At the end of series two there was a heartbreaking moment for Harriet – but will the truth about Albert's wayward brother (David Oakes) and his “condition” finally come out just in time for Christmas? And will he and Harriet the Duchess of Sutherland (Margaret Clunie) ever get a chance to celebrate their love?
“The last time we saw her she was waiting in a corridor thinking that Ernest is going to come and propose to her,” Clunie tells RadioTimes.com. “He is not only a no show, but sends [servant] Brodie along with minimal explanation, Obviously Harriet is once again completely broken-hearted. Sometimes I can't believe she keeps going back!”
The Christmas special is a “weird” time for Harriet. As snow piles up outside and Prince Albert leaps around merrily decorating the palace with fir trees and baubles, Ernest is summoned back to England to celebrate the festive season with his brother's family. That means he's thrown back together with the woman he rejected so harshly. She's extremely angry at him, but still very much in love. So she makes a grand and risky gesture to demonstrate how much she wants him – “and then once again he completely breaks her heart.”
Poor Harriet! She still doesn't know the truth that Ernest has been hiding: his venereal disease and the syphilitic rash that decorates his torso and causes him such shame. Will he finally admit the truth?
Did Prince Ernest and Harriet Duchess of Sutherland have a relationship in real life – and did they marry?
“We don't even think they really met in real life,” Clunie laughs. “I think they were probably in the same room at the same time but I think she was about 20 years older than him.
“And hilariously in real life, Harriet Sutherland had a famously happy marriage with the Duke of Sutherland and they had these 11 children and lived happily ever after. So we have slightly deviated away from the truth. But it's all for good telly.”
Who was Harriet, Duchess of Sutherland?
Harriet's full title was (deep breath) Harriet Elizabeth Georgiana Sutherland-Leveson-Gower, Duchess of Sutherland, and she was a great friend of Queen Victoria's from the start of the monarch's reign until her own death 30 years later. She was married to an extremely wealthy Whig MP, but became an important figure in London high society in her own right and served as Mistress of the Robes under several Whig administrations.
As the third daughter of George Howard the Earl of Carlisle and his wife Lady Georgiana Cavendish, Harriet – who was 13 years older than the Queen – was born into one of the most prominent Whig families of the early 19th century. At the age of 17 she married her cousin Earl Gower (aka the Duke of Sutherland), an MP who had been elected for a “rotten borough” in Cornwall.
He was two decades her senior, but the Sutherlands shared a very affectionate marriage and produced an impressive 11 kids: four sons and seven daughters. ITV's Victoria may have killed off Harriet's husband in the 1840s but he actually stuck around for a couple more decades, living until the ripe old age of 75.
Harriet and the Queen shared an enduring friendship. After Albert's death, Victoria spent the first weeks of her widowhood with the Duchess as her only companion. Harriet's own beloved husband had died earlier that year and they must have had a lot in common in their grief.
A cheerful and charming woman, Harriet became a renowned philanthropist and political hostess. She was extremely interested in politics – probably more than her MP husband – and pioneered the use of the “country house weekend” for public figures to gather for friendly discussions and debate.
Making use of her importance in the London social scene, Harriet also led a movement to rally English women against the American slavery. However, her anti-slavery campaign was controversial as the Sutherlands' own tenants in the Scottish highlands lived in poverty.
Only two years after her husband's death, Harriet was struck down by illness. She died in 1868 at the age of 62.
Who was Albert's brother Prince Ernst?
As little boys, Ernst and Albert were brought up like twins with a close bond that was only strengthened by their family troubles. According to their childhood tutor, “they went hand-in-hand in all things, whether at work or at play. Engaging in the same pursuits, sharing the same joys and the same sorrows, they were bound to each other by no common feelings of mutual love.”
The two German princes had to endure their parents' separation and divorce and their mother's banishment: they never saw her again before her death, which came only a few years later. Their father the Duke of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha had endless affairs and liaisons, barely pausing to marry his sister's daughter the Duchess Marie who became the boys' stepmother (as well as their first cousin). All in all it was a weird childhood.
Ernest and Albert first visited their “eligible” cousin Victoria in 1836. She found Ernest lively and sociable with a love of gossip and also approved of Albert, but – despite the hopes of the boys' families – no marriage proposal for either Prince was forthcoming. So off they went back to the continent. Ernst trained in the military and both brothers then went to the University of Bonn, before setting off on a trip around Europe.
In 1839 they went back to England to visit Victoria, who had now become Queen. It was Albert who caught her eye and five days later she proposed.
Ernst now needed to marry and advance the family name, just like his brother.
Who did Ernst marry in real life – and did he have syphilis?
Albert suffered from venereal disease in his late teens and early 20s, which was partly his father's fault for encouraging him to live a wild, promiscuous lifestyle. The Duke took his sons to sample the “pleasures” of Paris and Berlin, something which horrified Albert but appealed a great deal to his older brother.
Ernst's appearance and his health deteriorated, and by the time he visited England in 1839 – on the trip where Albert became engaged – he was noticeably ill, with the Queen's lady-in-waiting Sarah Lyttelton describing him as “very thin and hollow-cheeked and pale”.
Still, many wives were considered for Ernst but he remained unmarried until his mid-20s. Prince Albert initially encouraged him to get married, but after he found out about his brother's disease he advised him to wait until he was better.
By 1842 his symptoms had presumably improved because he tied the knot with Princess Alexandrine of Baden. Her parents were only a a minor Grand Duke and the daughter of the deposed King of Sweden, not an ideal match as far as Ernst's ambitious family was concerned – but two years later, Ernst's father died and he himself became Duke.
Alexandrine was an absolutely loyal and devoted wife, but unfortunately the years went by and the marriage remained childless. Even though it's extremely likely that the problem was Ernst's as his venereal disease made her infertile, she blamed herself and stuck by him – while he seems to have shown her little regard. He was unfaithful and continued to have affairs, fathering at least three illegitimate children and at one point bringing two mistresses to live with him and his wife. Alexandrine seems to have turned a blind eye and continued to call him “Ernst, my treasure”, baffling outsiders.
After their marriage, Alexandrine and Ernst visited Victoria and Albert in England and the two couples got on extremely well, although the trip had to be cut short when Ernst's new wife became ill. But later, after her husband's death, Queen Victoria expressed her disapproval of both her brother-in-law and sister-in-law: Ernst was embarrassingly open about his lovers, and Alexandrine was scandalously willing to put up with it and be humiliated.
Despite the souring relationship, childless Ernst agreed to take Victoria's second son as his heir to the ducal throne.
Advertisement
Victoria will return for series 3 on ITV
USO LR-17 Mil/Mil w/ MIL Gap reticle $1750 shipped $1750 shipped will be sent signature required. Rings not included. Posted elsewhere and sold to the first "I'll take it" or PM timestamp.
​
​ I am looking to sell my barely used USO LR-17 3.2-17 Mil/Mil scope with the MIL GAP reticle. It has been on my safe queen and has a logged 25 rounds under her belt. Specs are below in one of the pictures. Will ship in original box from USO. Askingwill be sent signature required. Rings not included. Posted elsewhere and sold to the first "I'll take it" or PM timestamp.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
TAMPA, Fla. (WFLA) — The man accused of four murders in Seminole Heights has waived his appearance at an arraignment.
Howell Donaldson III is set to be arraigned Tuesday morning after being formally charged in the murders last week.
State Attorney Andrew Warren said last Thursday that Donaldson was indicted on four counts of premeditated murder with a firearm.
During his arraignment, Donaldson would have had the chance to enter a plea after being read the charges against him but court officials announced Monday afternoon that he waived his right to appear.
According to court paperwork, Donaldson's waiver was made “freely, knowingly and voluntarily.”
STORIES OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON:
He noted that despite the Stars' impressive 5-0 win against Ethiopia, it was too early to describe the team as a formidable side ready to win major trophies for Ghana.
Veteran coach J.E. Sarpong has commended coach Kwasi Appiah and the Black Stars for their splendid performance against Ethiopia at the Baba Yara Sports Stadium last Sunday. However, he says Appiah must widen his net by scouting for more players in the domestic leagues and abroad to provide him with a lot of options, as well as create competition for positions among the playing body.
“With the support from fans, the players were adequately motivated to play very well, making it possible for them to win massively against a strong opponent. But Kwasi Appiah needs to widen his net to bring in more players into the team. “There are many quality players out there who can play equally well. We need all such players in the team to create keen competition among the players, and it is only when this is done that Ghana can boast of a formidable team ready to win major trophies,” Coach Sarpong told the Graphic Sports in a telephone interview yesterday.
“There are many quality players out there who can play equally well. We need all such players in the team to create keen competition among the players, and it is only when this is done that Ghana can boast of a formidable team ready to win major trophies,” Coach Sarpong told the Graphic Sports in a telephone interview yesterday.Coach Sarpong, who was in Kumasi to witness the demolition act last Sunday, said there was the need to continue strengthening the team with new players who were hungry for trophies.”
Coach Sarpong, who was in Kumasi to witness the demolition act last Sunday, said there was the need to continue strengthening the team with new players who were hungry for trophies.”
“There were very few lapses in their style of play last Sunday. This was because they dominated play with their ball possession, distribution and incessant attacks, making it possible for them to bang in the goals,” he noted.He described as “reconciliatory” the relationship between the fans and the team, especially in the aftermath of the 2014 FIFA World Cup tournament in Brazil, which saw Ghanaians turning against the team because of their poor performance and a perception that they players placed money ahead of loyalty to the nation.
He described as “reconciliatory” the relationship between the fans and the team, especially in the aftermath of the 2014 FIFA World Cup tournament in Brazil, which saw Ghanaians turning against the team because of their poor performance and a perception that they players placed money ahead of loyalty to the nation.“The fans did very well
“The fans did very well because, in spite of the heavy downpour in Kumasi, they were there in their numbers to create an intimidating atmosphere in the stadium to galvanise the players to win.
The experienced coach, who had previously handled teams like Hearts of Oak, Great Olympics, Asante Kotoko, Dawu Youngsters, Liberty Professionals and Ebusua Dwarfs, lauded the performance of debutant, Thomas Agyepong, for the quality of his performance and for proving equal to his assigned task.“Agyepong, who operated from the left flank, was instrumental for the Stars victory because he was not only the key figure who tormented the
“Agyepong, who operated from the left flank, was instrumental for the Stars victory because he was not only the key figure who tormented the Ethiopians, but also was the architect of two of the goals scored. We need more of such players in the team in our future matches,” Sarpong advised.
(Paul Chiasson/The Canadian Press via AP). Roger Federer, of Switzerland, wipes his brow during his final match against Alexander Zverev, of Germany, at the Rogers Cup tennis tournament in Montreal, Sunday, Aug. 13, 2017.
MASON, Ohio (AP) - Wimbledon champion Roger Federer withdrew from the Western & Southern Open on Monday because of a back injury. He has won this Masters series tournament seven times.
The move was announced on the first full day of matches. This U.S. Open warmup has now lost five of the top six players in the men's rankings.
Federer, a 19-time major champion, said in a statement he "tweaked" his back last week at the Rogers Cup in Montreal, where he lost Sunday's final to Alexander Zverev.
The Swiss star, ranked No. 3, is sidelined along with No. 1 Andy Murray, No. 4 Stan Wawrinka, No. 5 Novak Djokovic and No. 6 Marin Cilic, the defending champion. Only No. 2 Rafael Nadal, the top-seeded player, remains in the draw.
Tournament officials also tweeted that 21st-ranked Gael Monfils is out because of an undisclosed illness. All the missing players except Cilic are 30 or older.
"It's just coincidence," said Nadal, 31. "We're not 20 years old any more. We're not playing all the weeks. It's part of our sport. I've been in their position lots of times. I've missed more events than the other players. It's part of the game. I wish them all a speedy recovery. We need them in the game. I hope they get back soon."
Federer's withdrawal means Nadal, who lost in the third round at Montreal, will return to No. 1 when new ATP rankings are released Aug. 21. The Spaniard will be No. 1 for the first time since July 6, 2014.
Nadal has spent 141 weeks at No. 1 since first ascending there after reaching the Western & Southern semifinals in 2008.
"It's been tough to get back to No. 1," he said. "I'm happy to have the chance to be in that position."
In early first-round men's play, Richard Gasquet and wild-card Tommy Paul advanced in straight sets. Gasquet eased past qualifier John-Patrick Smith 6-4, 6-4, and Paul beat fellow American Donald Young 6-4, 7-6 (4). Ivo Karlovic ousted Jiri Vesely 6-3, 3-6, 7-5.
Also advancing in straight sets were Fabio Fognini, a 7-6 (5), 6-4 winner over Daniil Medvedev; qualifier Mitchell Krueger, 6-2, 6-1 over Benoit Paire; and Feliciano Lopez, 7-6 (5), 6-1 over Hyeon Chung.
Among the women, 14th-seeded Petra Kvitova rallied past Anett Kontaveit 1-6, 7-6 (2), 6-3; Beatriz Haddad Maia topped Lauren Davis 6-3, 6-2; and Lesia Tsurenko defeated Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova 5-7, 7-6 (6), 6-0.
Kristina Mladenovic, seeded 13th, became the first seeded player to lose, beaten by Daria Gavrilova 6-0, 7-6 (6).
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
AP Photo/Tom Olmscheid
ST. PAUL, Minn. (AP) — Anaheim Ducks goalie John Gibson got all the cushion he needed five minutes into a game against the Western Conference-leading Minnesota Wild on a night teammate Antoine Vermette was ejected for slashing a ref. Gibson made 37 saves for his fourth shutout of the season, rookie Joseph Cramarossa scored his fourth goal and Anaheim beat Minnesota 1-0 on Tuesday night. Vermette was ejected in the third period with a game misconduct for abuse of an official. After losing a faceoff near center ice, Vermette used his stick to hit the linesman on the back of the legs. Vermette will face a suspension, with the number of games based on the category decided by officials. NHL rules state deliberately applying physical force on an official results in an automatic 10-game suspension. Gibson stalled the league's fourth-highest scoring team, and the Ducks beat former coach Bruce Boudreau for the first time in three meetings this season. “You never know what's going to happen, but I think it's a pretty rare situation that an early goal in the first holds up,” Cramarossa said. “But it is what it is. … Gibby stood on his head there to not let any in for them. We'll take it, and we're going home now for a little home stretch.” The Wild were 0 for 5 on the power play and lost in regulation for the first time in six games and the fifth time since the start of December, a span of 34 games. Devan Dubnyk made 22 saves. “You could tell very early on, or I could – maybe I know him a little bit – but he was really on his game and it was going to take something special to beat him,” Boudreau said of Gibson. “But we couldn't find that.” Cramarossa scored for the first time in 16 games 4:38 into the first period. Corey Perry's shot from Dubnyk's left side was stopped, but the puck dropped near Dubnyk's feet and Cramarossa alertly tapped it in. “It was in the net pretty fast, and that's my job to try tidy up rebounds,” Dubnyk said. “But that's why you throw the puck at the net from bad angles.” Following the goal, Anaheim went nearly 10 minutes without a shot. Minnesota had 13 shots on goal in the first period and then peppered Gibson in the second with another 16 shots. The Wild outshot the Ducks 37-23 in the game. Closing against Anaheim has proven to be a tough task for any team this season. The Ducks have allowed the fewest third-period goals in the NHL this season. Minnesota had plenty of chances. The closest was Christian Folin's slap shot early in the third that deflected hard off the post behind Gibson. The Wild were shutout for the second time at home this season. Minnesota had scored four power-play goals in the past two games and had 13 in its previous 13 home games. The Wild were a league-best 30.1 percent on the power play at home this season heading into the game and sixth overall. “He's played great,” Anaheim center Ryan Getzlaf said of Gibson. “He played good again tonight. The shot totals, they took a lot of shots, they were throwing everything at the net from the corners, everything. We got a few bounces and our goaltender played great. It was an ugly hockey game, but we'll take it and go home.” NOTES: Anaheim scratched D Sami Vatanen for the fifth straight game with a lower-body injury. The team listed him as day-to-day. … Minnesota scratched D Matt Dumba for the second game in a row with a lower-body injury. … The Wild reassigned C Tyler Graovac to Iowa of the American Hockey League after he cleared waivers. … The Ducks finished a season-long, six-game road trip at 2-3-1. Their last home game was Jan. 31. UP NEXT Ducks: Return home Friday night against the Florida Panthers. Wild: Host the Dallas Stars on Thursday night.
Comments
comments
SALT LAKE CITY — Utah billionaire and philanthropist Jon Huntsman Sr. has died.
Huntsman's assistant Pam Bailey confirmed he died Friday in Salt Lake City. He was 80.
Bailey declined to name a cause of death.
Huntsman was the founder and longtime executive chairman of Huntsman Corp., an $11 billion company that refines raw materials that go into thousands of products.
He also founded the Huntsman Cancer Institute in Salt Lake City.
The research centre is dedicated to finding a cure through human genetics.
Huntsman had nine children, including Jon Huntsman Jr., the U.S. ambassador to Russia and a former Utah governor and presidential candidate.
The elder Huntsman served as a special assistant to President Richard Nixon and was a major force in Utah and national politics.
——
This story has been corrected to show the Huntsman Corp. is worth $11 billion, not $13 billion.
Bloc Party will perform the entirety of their seminal debut album Silent Alarm during a six show European tour. The fall tour comes over 13 years after the album's release. This will mark the first time the album has been performed with the band's current lineup, which now features Justin Harris and Louise Bartle. Tickets go on sale on March 23 and, for the band's Dublin gig, March 26. See the tour dates below.
Oct. 15: AFAS Live – Amsterdam, NL
Oct. 16: Le Zenith – Paris, FR
Oct. 18: Columbiahalle – Berlin, DE
Oct. 20: Forest National – Brussels, BE
Oct. 22: 3 Arena – Dublin, IE
Oct. 24: Alexandra Palace – London, UK
The process of coming to terms with her sexuality has been fraught for Ackley Bridge's Nasreen Paracha.
Advertisement
Amy-Leigh Hickman's character has had a fling with her biology teacher, and rejected her father's plans for an arranged marriage in Pakistan; she has come out to her mother, come out to her best friend, and turned away from a sham marriage to a gay teenage boy. On top of all that, she has been blindsided by the discovery of her father Iqbal's secret other family in Bradford.
But now – finally – she is ready to find a girlfriend.
“You see her just go, screw it – I'm going to do what I want, I'm going to do what's right for me and make myself happy. She's completely coming into her own,” Hickman tells RadioTimes.com.
That's not to say things will be plain sailing. In the dramatic fourth episode of Ackley Bridge's latest series, Nas goes for a drink with another girl – but it's not a perfect match, to say the least.
Nasreen's quest for love takes her to the football field, where her gay dating app has located potential matches. And, with some help from best friend Missy (Poppy Lee Friar), she is soon on her way.
The episode takes us beyond the “coming out” storyline, showing Nas looking for romance like any other girl her age – regardless of sexuality.
“It's so important to see, because it's something that people, teenagers when they're 18, 19, 20, do and so why shouldn't Nas?” Hickman says. “I really wanted Nas to have a little bit more fun, with everything that she's been dealing with, and everything that she's gone through in such a short space of time.
“So I was really glad that she's just doing what other 17-year-old girls do when they want to find a date, and going out there. She's like, ‘Right, where am I going to find people who are going to want to date me?'”
She adds: “I really like that about her, and it was Missy's influence that kind of gave her the kick up the bum that she needed.”
In case there was ever any doubt that telling the story of a gay Pakistani teenage girl in a primetime Channel 4 drama was important, Hickman reveals the emotional encounters she's had since making her debut as Nas in series one.
“I've had loads of tweets from people,” she says. “Asian gay or bi girls have come up to me in the street. One girl said, ‘Oh my mum doesn't know, I'm going to tell her after university,' and I said: ‘Well, what will happen then? Why are you going to wait until after university?'
“She was like, ‘Because she will disown me.' And I was like, ‘What do you mean? There's no other way?' And she's like, ‘No, but seeing the story on screen makes me really happy because of how many girls can relate to it.'”
Not everyone can be so open, even with Hickman. The actress asks: “How many girls that we don't know about can't own up to it? Because these girls can't openly be gay and openly be who they are. So the amount of people who we think it's probably touching, there's so many more that actually we don't know about because they haven't told anyone.
“And yeah, I've had people come up to me and say that – this is the most amazing one – when they watched it they actually came out to their parents.
“So that, for me, is when you know you're doing something great and it's all worthwhile.”
Advertisement
Ackley Bridge continues on Tuesdays at 8pm on Channel 4
For tech junkies, the infotainment system is the heart of every new car. But like every other aspect of a car, every manufacturer does things a little bit differently, both to engineer the best system and to create a brand-specific experience for the user.
So which carmaker has the best infotainment system? Quite frankly, it's best not to dive into any of these systems and expect a flawless experience. Infotainment still represents a fairly new frontier for automakers, and the demands of driving mean that doing anything else besides paying attention to the road can be cumbersome and awkward—not matter how slick the infotainment interface is. Keeping your eyes on the road and your hands on the wheel should always be the highest priority. And frankly, car companies haven't done this well.
That being said, these 10 infotainment systems represent the best of the best. They come from a wide variety of automakers, and are available in cars at a wide variety of price points. Keep in mind that not all features on a given system are standard, but otherwise be sure to check these systems out when shopping for your next car.
Like everything else about Audi's cars, MMI is sharp and well designed. It features a rotary controller—always a plus—and a touchpad that can recognize handwriting in some models. But what really sets MMI apart is the available “Virtual Cockpit” display. It replaces the instrument cluster that can display everything from a digital speedometer to Google Maps satellite images. Apple CarPlay and Android Auto are available on most new Audi models.
BMW was one of the first automakers to launch a comprehensive infotainment system, and its iDrive system remains one of the best. It uses a rotary controller to help the driver navigate the various menus and submenus, which is a bit easier than continuously tapping a touchscreen. Most BMW models offer Apple CarPlay and Android Auto, and some even offer gesture control.
MyLink features large, easy-to-read icons and text, and a decent amount of analog controls. The same basic setup is used in the IntelliLink systems from fellow General Motors brands Buick and GMC. Apple CarPlay and Android Auto are available across all three brands, and virtually all GM vehicles come standard with a built-in WiFi hotspot that can support up to seven devices.
Chrysler's Uconnect is one of the best systems available in non-luxury vehicles, although you really need to get the top version with the 8.4-inch touchscreen for the best experience. Uconnect masters the fundamentals with easy-to-read graphics, logical voice controls, a responsive touchscreen, and available Apple CarPlay and Android Auto. But Chrysler also excels at finding model-specific features, such as the “Performance Pages” app in Dodge muscle cars, or the ability to integrate a rear-seat entertainment system in the Chrysler Pacifica minivan.
When it comes to infotainment, Ford deserves a “most improved” award. Its old MyFord Touch systems were legendarily bad, but the current Sync 3 system has addressed their faults. It features responsive touchscreens, intuitive menus, and a voice-command system that allows the user to speak more naturally. Building on that solid foundation, Ford is adding Apple CarPlay and Android Auto, Wi-Fi hotspots, and an Amazon Alexa skill for certain vehicles.
Miles Branman/Digital Trends
Hyundai's infotainment system isn't the most sophisticated, but they master the fundamentals. BlueLink features fast processors, a sensible menu layout, and a decent amount of backup analog controls. The larger available touchscreens offer good resolution, although the smaller screens that are standard issue in most Hyundais don't impress as much. Apple CarPlay and Android Auto are available, and Hyundai is rolling out an Amazon Alexa skill as well.
Like corporate parent Hyundai, Kia takes a sensible approach to infotainment. The automaker's latest UVO3 system strikes a good balance between touchscreen and analog controls, making it easy for drivers of any level of tech aptitude to use. Apple CarPlay and Android Auto are available, as is an Amazon Alexa skill for the Kia Niro hybrid.
Mercedes likes to think outside the touchscreen. The signature element of its COMAND (short for “Cockpit Management and Data”) series of infotainment systems is a controller that includes a touchpad, rotary knob, and buttons for major functions. Mercedes also introduced steering-wheel touchpads on its E-Class sedan. These devices are a good alternative to tapping and swiping, although they admittedly have a steeper learning curve than other systems.
Digital Trends
The infotainment setup in the Tesla Model S and Model X is the equivalent of stuffing a massive V8 engine under the hood of a muscle car: the operative theory is that bigger is better. Both cars rely on a 17-inch touchscreen for nearly all control functions. Even though not all features require such a big screen, it's an impressive piece of tech. With its new Model 3, Tesla is upping the ante by eliminating the traditional gauge cluster too, and using a central screen for everything.
The latest generation of Volvo's infotainment system uses a slick, tablet-like portrait touchscreen that's just as responsive as the devices its shape imitates. It features crisp graphics, and integrates well with the dashboards of Volvo models we've seen recently. Volvo was one of the first adopters of Apple CarPlay and Android Auto, and it is adding built-in WiFi hotspots to new vehicles as well.
The Sylvan Lake Figure Skating Club ended its season with the annual Skating Showcase on March 18.
This year's showcase used the 2018 Winter Olympics as an inspiration. The theme for the showcase was Olympics, complete with opening and closing ceremonies.
The younger performers, those in the CanSkate, PreStar and Group Star categories all received a medal after the applause from friends and families.
Each of the skaters showed off all they had learned this season in carefully choreographed solos or groups numbers. The young students showed their abilities to jump, balance on one foot and skate backwards.
The season is now over the the figure skating club. The group will hold its annual general meeting and award ceremony next month.
Karlee MacMilan skated her way to a bronze medal at the 2018 Alberta Winter Games. Duo Mackenzie Reimer and Gabe Beckett were the Pre-juvenile Dance Champions at the 2017 Alberta-Northwest Territories-Nunavut competition.
Skip to the next and previous photo by typing j/k or ←/→.
Brooklyn Carefoot performs her solo piece for friends and family on March 18. Photo by Megan Roth/Sylvan Lake News
The PreStar Group A took to the ice to show off new skills learned over the season. The group consisted of Bowen Pilipchuk, Cheabin Yang, Juliet Kuhnert, Lexi MacMilan, Soobin Yang and Tirzah Bizimana.
FILE- In this Nov. 22, 2016, file photo, a traveler pulls luggage off an escalator at Newark Liberty International Airport in Newark, N.J. If an airline forces a passenger off a flight for lack of space under federal rules the passenger is entitled to cash compensation, not just a voucher, and a seat on a later flight. Bumped passengers whose travel is delayed for at least an hour are entitled to up to $1,350 in compensation, with the amount based on the length of the delay and the one-way price of the ticket. (AP Photo/Julio Cortez, File)
If you get bumped off a flight, make it worthwhile
By DAVID KOENIG, AP Airlines Writer
DALLAS (AP) — Allison Preiss became a hero to airline passengers this spring when she scored a $10,000 travel voucher for losing her seat on an oversold flight.
Negotiating skill mixed with a bit of luck helped Preiss land the elusive payoff.
With the peak summer travel season right around the corner, other passengers can learn from Preiss's example if they wind up on an overcrowded flight.
There are two situations that passengers might find themselves in, and their rights — and bargaining power — vary greatly between them.
In the first, an airline forces a passenger off a flight for lack of space — called bumping. Under federal rules, the passenger is entitled to cash compensation, not just a voucher, and a seat on a later flight. Bumped passengers whose travel is delayed for at least an hour are entitled to up to $1,350 in compensation, with the amount based on the length of the delay and the one-way price of the ticket.
“The vast majority of Americans take one airline trip a year, and since vouchers are usually valid for just one year, most people should ask for cash,” said George Hobica, a travel expert who founded the airfarewatchdog.com website. But, he added, frequent fliers might want to negotiate to see how high the airline will go with a voucher.
That's what Preiss did back in March. Thanks to a broken seat, United bumped her from a flight from Dulles Airport outside Washington to Austin, Texas. But Preiss had leverage because United couldn't find anyone willing to give up their seat. She calculated that she was entitled to about $650 in cash based on the price of her ticket, and she turned down a $2,000 voucher. Then a second United employee said she could offer a voucher up to $10,000 plus a seat on a later flight, and Preiss took it.
The second situation occurs when the airline hasn't yet kicked anyone off an overbooked flight but instead looks for people to take a later flight in exchange for compensation — usually a voucher; the airline is not legally required to pay cash to volunteers.
When airlines know a flight is overbooked, they will make lowball offers to customers at ticket counters, kiosks and gate areas. They will raise the amount of the vouchers until they find a taker, pitting passengers against each other in a kind of reverse auction.
“My advice would be to start high,” said Brian Kelly, CEO of travel website The Points Guy. “If you're going to be displaced for several hours, don't take the quick and easy $200 (voucher).”
Kelly said a $400 voucher for getting off a domestic flight or $800 for an international one would be “a solid starting point.”
Travel experts suspect that airlines prefer vouchers partly because a high percentage of them never get used. The airlines do not disclose redemption rates.
Airlines have gotten very good at buying off passengers on overbooked flights. Last year, about 23,000 passengers were forcibly bumped — the lowest rate since the federal government started keeping track in 1995 — while nearly 342,000 people took an airline's offer and gave up their seat.
You might wonder how airlines ever come up short on seats.
Airlines can legally oversell flights — although some, like JetBlue, say they don't — on the assumption that some people won't show up. Overbooking can also occur when bad weather or a mechanical breakdown causes flights to be canceled, forcing the airline to scramble to accommodate stranded passengers.
Sometimes airlines switch a flight to a smaller plane with fewer seats. Occasionally, they need to make room for an air marshal or employees. And airlines may cancel flights or limit seating on smaller planes in hot weather because the thinner air makes it harder to generate enough lift for takeoff.
If you take a voucher for getting off a flight, there are some rules you should know. For instance, most airlines won't replace lost vouchers, and they can't be sold, although Delta allows them to be transferred to someone flying on the same reservation as the person who got the voucher.
On Southwest, vouchers can only be applied to airfare while American also lets them cover taxes and fees and Delta vouchers can be applied to government taxes. But you can't use vouchers to purchase extra legroom or an in-flight meal.
If your airline looks for volunteers to get off an overcrowded flight, experts offer this advice before accepting a voucher:
— Insist on a confirmed seat, not standby, on the next available flight in addition to the voucher for future travel.
— If you will be stuck for an extended time, ask for meal or hotel vouchers too.
— Ask when the travel voucher expires — typically they are good for one year — and whether it can be combined with other discounts.
— Find out if the voucher can be used on other airlines; American and Delta vouchers can be used on some partner airlines, United and Southwest certificates cannot.
Kelly, the travel-points expert, advises that no matter what, “don't get stressed.”
“Look at it as an opportunity for a nice little payday.”
___
Major airline guidelines on vouchers:
American: https://evouchers.aa.com/terms.jsp
Delta: https://bit.ly/2LwsD4U
United: https://bit.ly/2m5Na4d
Southwest: https://swa.is/2sdVAcU
U.S. Department of Transportation: https://www.transportation.gov/airconsumer/fly-rights#Overbooking
___
David Koenig can be reached at http://twitter.com/airlinewriter
RUSSELL As audience members, we have this peripheral, small sliver of hope. We have the knowledge that communism doesn't win, and the Berlin Wall does come down. And the hope in the back of your mind is that those few hard years will happen, and then they'll be able to go back and find their kids. They'll start a slow rebuilding. That's the only thing I have to hang on to.
There were a lot of difficult moments, but the most heartbreaking is when they see Paige on the platform. Was that a difficult scene to pull off?
RUSSELL It's everything I love in a story. Our job is such a circus life. We're always leaving or going or working somewhere far away. There's something really emotional, always, about a moving vehicle — a train leaving or a car driving away. It adds something. So that train pulling away from the child is devastating to me. Also the way Paige looks — she's not sobbing. She's just looking at us like, “I'm not going.” It's devastating to me. Especially after the loss of Henry.
Was it technically difficult, filming that on the train?
RUSSELL The actual shooting that day was tricky. Obviously we were working with a real train, and it takes a million people to start the train, to get the train moving, then to get all those people in the shot. We were shooting on a Sunday. We had so many extras. We had to have extra crewed because of that. So there were a lot of factors that were a little distracting, and made it not so easy. You kind of had to just show up and do your best in a couple of takes.
RHYS I felt enormous pressure. The train was moving away, and we only had one shot of it linking us and Paige. So I do tend to get a little pressured in those moments about getting it right. It's kind of the worst thing, because then you overthink something. When you know you can have a second take and you can keep rolling, you're far more relaxed and you can try it a couple of different ways. When they go, “Sorry, we're only going to get one shot,” you go, “But it's such an enormous moment!”
This season, was it hard sometimes to understand where your characters were coming from? Some really brutal things went down, even more than usual.
Julian Chokkattu/Digital Trends
The PlayStation 4 is a remarkable piece of hardware, but like all game consoles, it's not immune to the occasional hiccup. Since its original launch in 2013, Sony has worked to resolve many of the console's intermittent issues through various firmware updates. In 2016, Sony released two new iterations of its premier console — a slimmer model with the same name and the 4K-compatible PlayStation 4 Pro — both of which provide improved performance over their predecessor and address some of the console's lingering hardware issues.
Still, you may find yourself with a misbehaving unit, and that's a real bummer if you're hoping to squeeze some gaming into your busy schedule. Our guide covers common problems with the PS4 family of systems and offers possible solutions to get you back in the game as soon as possible.
Get in touch with Sony
First, here's all the information you'll need to get in contact with Sony if your particular issue is not resolved from our guide.
Phone: 1-800-345-7669 (Available Monday through Sunday, 6 a.m. to 10 p.m. PT)
Forums
Live chat support
Twitter: @AskPlayStation
You can also search Sony's error message library and follow the troubleshooting suggestions for the error that you encountered.
Malfunction: Blinking blue indicator light
Three years down the line, the “Blue Line of Death” remains the most-crippling of all problems yet to surface on the PS4. Taking a cue from the Xbox 360's “Red Ring of Death,” the pulsing blue line indicates a technical problem could mean your console is no longer functional. Unlike the red ring, the “Blue Line of Death” doesn't automatically mean your PS4 is dead, but it does the same job as the ring; letting you know that there's a really big problem.
When booting up the PS4, the LED indicator light adorning the side of the console should quickly pulse blue prior to turning white. On consoles suffering from the “Blue Line of Death,” however, the blue light pulses continuously, indicating failed video output before inexplicably powering off. In this case, the console never sends a signal to the TV, essentially bricking the device and preventing normal operation. Sony believed the problem was isolated incident, but also released a troubleshooting guide highlighting a slew of potential fixes. While the problem was more widespread at launch, it still crops up for a small portion of users, and is more likely to be an issue if your console was manufactured between late-2013 and early-2014.
Potential solutions:
As Sony outlined in the aforementioned troubleshooting guide, the blinking blue light could be indicative of a number of hardware or software issues. That said, there are a number of potential solutions you can try. If you do manage to isolate an issue with the PS4 hardware, contact PlayStation customer support, or take your console directly to an official Sony retail store, as they can sometimes provide on-site repairs or replacements. If there isn't a store available in your area, you'll likely need to ship your console to Sony. At this point, your console may not be under manufacturer warranty: If that's the case, keep in mind that you may have to pay a repair fee.
Update your TV's firmware — A handful of users has noted that updating television firmware has resolved the lack of audio-video signal. If you have newer television, particularly one with internet connectivity, refer to the television's instruction manual and update its firmware. Doing so may alter HDMI settings and fix device compatibility.
Check the HDMI ports — Take a look at both the HDMI port on your TV and your PS4 for any blaring abnormalities or damages, along with your HDMI cable. If possible, try testing alternative HDMI cables.
Check the power supply — Touch the power button on the front of the PS4 for at least seven seconds, or until the system beeps twice and powers off. Afterward, disconnect the AC power cord from the electrical outlet and check the AC IN connector and power cord for any conspicuous damage or anomalies.
Check the hard drive — Make sure your PS4 is turned off, then disconnect the AC power cord and any other connected cables before sliding the HDD bay cover outward. Once removed, inspect the hard drive for any potential damage and ensure it is properly seated in the HDD bay.
Controller reset — Make sure everything is connected properly. Press and hold the PS button on your controller until the system light turns orange. Then, press and hold the PS button again until the light turns white. We have tested this method, and it can get your PS4 to boot properly.
Malfunction: Blinking red indicator light
Reports of the “Red Line of Death” aren't as widespread as the aforementioned blinking blue light, but it is almost as serious. On consoles suffering from the “Red Line of Death,” the LED indicator light adorning the side of the console will flash red repeatedly, subsequently powering off after the system emits three distinct beeps. The issue is tied to overheating problems as outlined in the PS4 user guide and confirmed by Sony, possibly a result of fan malfunction. Some users have reported the issue within minutes of powering up the console for the first time, however. Thankfully, it's not the sign of a completely bricked unity.
Potential solutions:
If the problem persists and is not alleviated by either of the potential solutions below, contact PlayStation customer support or take your console directly to an official Sony retail store to arrange a repair/replacement.
Give it a rest — Touch the power button on the front of your PS4 for at least seven seconds, or until the system beeps and powers off. Then, disconnect the power supply and allow the console to rest for an extended period of time, or until it sufficiently cools down, before powering it up again.
Give it ample space — Place your PS4 in a well-ventilated area to ensure it has enough breathing room, avoiding carpet and similar services whenever possible. Additionally, some users have reported that placing the console vertically helps decrease overheating (though it shouldn't consider the position blocks access to either side vent).
Problem: Damaged HDMI port and faulty HDMI cables
It may not be PS4-specific or widespread, but some users have reported issues stemming from a damaged HDMI port shipping on their PS4 units. The problem, which leads to a lack of audio or video output on the TV, is often caused by a connection obtrusion resulting from a bent piece of metal within the console's built-in HDMI port. Although the reasoning for the bent component is unknown, it effectively renders the port incompatible since the bent piece can no longer properly connect with the HDMI cord. Additionally, there have been reports of faulty HDMI cables that simply don't work for one reason or another.
While this issue was resolved in subsequent PS4 shipments after the console's launch, if you purchase a pre-owned unit or you're experiencing HDMI issues, you'll still want to look for possible answers below.
Potential solutions:
If neither of the potential solutions below solve the problem, try contacting Sony. Although not confirmed, Sony will likely send you a free replacement cable in a matter of days once the problem has been confirmed.
Check the HDMI ports — Take a look at both the HDMI port on your TV and your PS4 for any blaring abnormalities or damages, along with your HDMI cable. If possible, try testing alternative HDMI cables.
Bend back the metal — If you can clearly see a piece of metal bent upward within the console's HDMI port, bend the damaged piece down using a pin or small tool. Also, make sure the port didn't knock out any teeth or cause any additional damage to the HDMI cable. If this is the problem, you may still want to contact Sony and ask for a replacement, even if the console begins to work.
Use a different HDMI cable — If you're unfortunate enough to receive a faulty HDMI cable from Sony, simple use another on-hand cable or purchase a new one.
Problem: Damaged DualShock 4 analog sticks
We like a lot of things about the DualShock 4 controller, but the soft rubber padding on its analog sticks can tear quite easily when playing a game that requires quick movements, like Bloodborne. But just because the rubber tears don't mean you have to ditch the controller!
Solution: Analog stick covers, such as GelTabz — available in stores like GameStop and on Amazon — pop right over your analog stick, providing an even more comfortable gaming experience while also protecting the stick itself. They are slightly textured, so your fingers don't slip despite their flat design, and four are included in every package. PlayStation-formatted GelTabz work with both DualShock 3 and DualShock 4 controllers.
Annoyance: Running out of storage space
The newest PlayStation 4 systems, including the “slim” model and the more powerful PlayStation 4 Pro, both have increased internal storage of up to 1TB. This is plenty of space for several AAA games, so you can easily jump between a few of your favorites without having to delete anything. For those with a 500GB internal drive, however, you will find yourself running out of space with regularity, particularly as game updates make your file sizes even larger than they were at launch.
Solutions:
John Willoughby: Greene Publishing, Inc.
Due to unforeseen circumstances, the Madison County UF/IFAS Extension Office is, unfortunately, announcing the cancelation of their July summer day camps. The following camps that are canceled are: Space, Science, and Engineering (July 9-12) and Photography and Graphic Design (July 16-19).
Though the summer day camps have been canceled, the Extension Office strongly encourages everyone to stay tuned for the upcoming fall schedule. For more information, call the Extension Office at (850) 973-4138.
CUZCO, Peru — The old colonial palace high in the Andes and crowded with treasures from Peru's bygone golden age feels more like an emergency room than a workshop for recovering damaged artwork.
But sculptures of decapitated Roman Catholic saints, dismembered angels and charred paintings from remote churches across the spine of the Andes all find their way here, where a team of dedicated specialists works to restore them after catastrophic fires and centuries of neglect.
“They are like patients suffering terminal cancer who we are bringing back to life,” said Erwin Castilla, head of canvas conservation at the Ministry of Culture's Restoration Center in Cuzco.
The facility, which opened in 2003, claims to be the only one of its kind operating in Peru and has already made major contributions to the country's cultural heritage: Between 2015 and 2017 it rescued more than 500 paintings, sculptures, and ceramic pieces.
The centre's teams of more than 50 conservationists wear surgical masks and use modern technology — like X-ray and ultraviolet machines — to uncover images that over time have faded away on canvases that average 300 years old.
Cuzco was the capital of the ancient Inca Empire, and from the 16th to 18th centuries it became an epicenter for Catholic-themed art under Spanish colonizers.
Paintings from the “Cuzco School” reflect a rich blend of European influences with indigenous imagery and homegrown artistic techniques that later spread throughout South America.
In the meticulous workshop, conservationists keep detailed records of each piece, as if they were a patient's medical chart. A board of experts then pores over the records to determine how to bring the works back to life.
The centre receives calls for help from small churches in remote Andean villages that have existed for centuries, and many of the paintings have endured punishing rain, sun, mould, nibbling moths and even flawed repairs by untrained hands.
“We have to advance bit by bit,” Castilla said. “Sometimes it takes us years.”
One restored painting by the indigenous artist Diego Quispe Tito was scorched in a 2016 fire at a Cuzco church along with more than 30 other works. Authorities estimate losses from that fire at nearly $2 million.
The team also restores delicate sculptures depicting Catholic martyrs made from wood and cloth that are often missing heads or arms.
The workshop struggles to run on a shoestring budget of $700,000 a year, said Nidia Perez, an art historian who heads the workshop. But the team never loses sight of its mission.
“We are keeping alive the memory of Andean art,” she said. “We must fight every day to keep it from disappearing.”
There were reasons for joy and sadness in Atlanta on Sunday night. With the Hawks trailing the Spurs by three in the waning moments, Tim Hardaway drained a game-tying 3-pointer to send the game to overtime. The crowd went crazy. Fans rejoiced. It was an early-season moment to savor for the middling Hawks.
Then, tragedy struck, as cameras captured a small boy freaking out after a poisonous spider landed on his arm.
The boy, who is the son of Hawks coach Mike Budenholzer, clearly tries to wipe the spider away, but it's too late. The spider has already inflicted the boy with a dangerous bite and no one is paying attention because of the Hardaway shot. The pain is searing through the boy's arm, but no one can hear him scream because of the timing of shot and raucous nature of the crowd.
Not only has he invented a new celebration that's sweeping the nation faster than the dab ever did, he now also might be able to shoot webs from his hands. It's odd the announcers don't mention it or offer any update on the health of the boy after the game.
The Hawks won in overtime, 114-112.
(SportsCenter on Vine)
PARAMOUNT
Triple Frontier has gone on quite the journey. The Mark Boal-scripted (The Hurt Locker), J.C. Chandor-directed (A Most Violent Year) drama, about five friends who try to take down a South American drug lord, has been in production since 2015, and the list of actors who have been attached or interested in the project at some point is a who's who of Very Famous Men: Tom Hanks, Will Smith, Johnny Depp, Channing Tatum, Tom Hardy, Mahershala Ali, and Casey Affleck. But at long last, Triple Frontier (which isn't even called that anymore — right now it's, Untitled J.C. Chandor Project) has settled on a cast. For now.
The film will star Oscar Isaac, Charlie Hunnam, Pedro Pascal, Garrett Hedlund, Adria Arjona, and Ben Affleck, who, like his brother, dropped out, but he's since returned. (The Justice League star “withdrew for personal reasons as he dealt with sobriety issues,” according to Deadline, but he “put in the rehab time and is in shape.”) Another Triple Frontier (or whatever) change: it's coming to Netflix.
Netflix took on the picture after Paramount let go of it after Tom Hardy and Channing Tatum dropped out weeks before production was to begin. This was after the picture's prime advocate, the late Paramount chief Brad Grey, got fired and Paramount's new management wasn't eager to make a high-budget topical political thriller that had just lost two big stars. (Via)
That age-old playground argument has finally been settled: Batman would beat Gambit and Venom in a fight to see who could get a movie made first.
(Via Deadline)
Tiu and Kylie Turpin are new to Old Louisville. (Source: WAVE 3 News)
Longtime residents of Old Louisville have seen a spike in investments in their neighborhood. (Source: WAVE 3 News)
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) - Longtime residents of Old Louisville have seen a spike in investments in their neighborhood.
On Oak and First Street several businesses have opened in the past year.
"This is not just something that has happened over night," Howard Rosenberg said. "This has been an evolving neighborhood the last 30, 40, 50 years."
Since 1982 Howard Rosenberg has called Old Louisville home. This year he has seen several restaurants open and new neighbors move in.
"But I'd like to see even more people move here and invest in these homes," Rosenberg said. "I'd like to see more restaurants because this is the gateway."
The owners of a new lounge and venue space also see potential in the historic neighborhood.
"This is the next up-and-coming area. This is going to be a hot spot here soon and we made sure to get in here early," Jacob Langley said.
Langley is the general manager of Virtue. Located at 1st and Oak Streets, he says he likes being closely located to his neighbors.
MORE FROM WAVE3.COM
+ Oxmoor Center Sears to close
+ Worker killed in LG&E/KU coal ash pond identified
+ Nurse goes to Puerto Rico to search for mother, delivers baby
"There are a lot of restaurants nearby, and for the price this was the best bang for our buck," Greg Tiu said.
Tiu and Kylie Turpin recently moved into a home on Oak Street. They say it is the perfect amount of space for their two dogs and the area is full of activity.
"There are a couple events that we are excited to visit for our first full weekend in Louisville," Turpin said.
Rosenberg has had 35 years worth of weekends in Louisville but still attends neighborhood events.
He believes it is another reason Old Louisville is attracting new attention.
"There is so much potential here and there always has been," Rosenberg said.
Copyright 2017 WAVE 3 News. All Rights Reserved.
When construction crews were building an 18,000-square-foot mansion on the former site of a 20th-century castle in Tarrytown, New York in 2015, they happened upon an unusual artifact: a 2,000-year-old Roman tombstone that is now in the collection of the Metropolitan Museum of Art. Work on the gargantuan house, which is one of 13 in a development "created in the spirit of the Gilded Age" called Greystone on Hudson, finished last month. It could now be yours for $13 million.
YOUNGSTOWN, Ohio (WYTV) – Katie was live at the McDonough Museum of Art to tell us about a fundraiser.
The event is Friday, February 17.
For more information, visit their website http://mcdonoughmuseum.ysu.edu.
(AP Photo/Lynne Sladky). Oakland Athletics starting pitcher Daniel Gossett delivers a pitch during the first inning of an interleague baseball game against the Miami Marlins, Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in Miami.
(AP Photo/Lynne Sladky). Miami Marlins' Ichiro Suzuki, right, greets a teammate before an interleague baseball game against the Oakland Athletics, Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in Miami.
(AP Photo/Lynne Sladky). Miami Marlins' Marcell Ozuna watches his solo home run during the fourth inning of the team's baseball game against the Oakland Athletics, Tuesday, June 13, 2017, in Miami.
By STEVEN WINEAP Sports Writer
MIAMI (AP) - A four-run deficit no longer looms so large for the Miami Marlins.
Marcell Ozuna homered to start a comeback Wednesday afternoon, and Miami beat the Oakland Athletics 11-6 to complete a two-game sweep.
Ozuna hit his 17th home run in the second inning after the Marlins fell behind 4-0. He added a double and finished with three RBIs to help overcome a wobbly outing by Edinson Volquez, who had a no-hitter in his most recent home start.
"Today I got lucky," Volquez said. "They picked me up."
Rallies were rare for the Marlins during their 14-27 start. But they've won 13 of their past 19 games, largely because the bats came alive.
"There were times last month when it felt like if the other team scored first, we were in trouble," manager Don Mattingly said. "Now you don't have the same feeling."
Tyler Moore hit his fifth homer and scored three times. Christian Yelich and Dee Gordon each had two hits and two RBIs.
"It has all been clicking for us the last couple of weeks," Yelich said. "We got some guys hot at the same time and are putting a lot of pressure on teams. We can score runs a lot of different ways - manufacturing, or guys leaving the ballpark."
Ryon Healy hit a three-run homer for the Athletics (27-38), who fell to 11 games below .500 for the first time. They went 1-5 on their trip and lost their ninth consecutive road series, their longest such streak since 1986.
Oakland lost after leading by three or more runs three times on the trip. Daniel Gossett (0-1) couldn't hold the early lead in his major league debut after being called up from Triple-A Nashville, and allowed seven runs, six earned, in 3 1-3 innings.
"It was not exactly the way I drew it up, but I'm so fortunate to get the opportunity to play in the big leagues," Gossett said. "It was everything you dream of, minus the outcome."
Volquez lasted only four innings and gave up four hits, four walks and five runs, four earned. Kyle Barraclough (2-1), the first of six Miami relievers, pitched a scoreless fifth.
INTERLEAGUE RECORD
Miami's Ichiro Suzuki had a pinch-hit infield single in the fifth for his 365th interleague hit, breaking Derek Jeter's major league record.
"Amazing," Mattingly said. "A lot of games, a lot of hits. You're talking about him and Derek, obviously two Halls of Fame guys. The length of their careers - that's really greatness, the guys that can be good for long periods of time."
PITCHER HITTING
Gossett reached in the fourth on an infield single , his first major league hit and the first by Athletics pitchers in their past 27 at-bats over two seasons.
"You can close your eyes and swing, and sometimes it works," Gossett said.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Oakland: RF Matt Joyce left in the third, one inning after he cut his chin colliding with first baseman Yonder Alonso pursuing a popup, which Alonso caught. Joyce received three stitches but said the injury wasn't serious.
Miami: LHP Braxton Garrett, the Marlins' top prospect, will receive a second opinion on his sore left elbow next week from specialist Dr. James Andrews. Garrett has been diagnosed with a partial tear of the ulnar collateral ligament and could require Tommy John surgery.
ROSTER MOVE
To make room on the roster for Gossett, 1B-OF Matt Olson was optioned to Nashville.
DRAFT PICK
The Marlins took the brother of Chicago Bears tight end Dion Sims in the 14th round of the draft. Demetrius Sims is a shortstop at Bethune-Cookman.
UP NEXT
Miami: The Marlins hit the road after winning for the 10th time in their past 12 home games. They visit the new ballpark in Atlanta for the first time to begin a three-game series Friday, when RHP Dan Straily (4-4, 3.89) will pitch against LHP Sean Newcomb (0-1, 0.00).
Oakland: The's return home for a four-game series against the Yankees beginning Thursday, when RHP Sonny Gray (2-2, 4.37) will face LHP Jordan Montgomery (4-4, 3.55).
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
<
>
1 View Beef Expo grooming
2 View Beef Expo Senior Showmanship Lori Millenbaugh, of Crawford County, carefully sets the legs of her steer during the senior division showmanship class at the Ohio Beef Expo March 17, in Columbus.
3 View Beef Expo show prep Barrett Evans, of Tuscarawas County, preps his steer for his showmanship class at the Ohio Beef Expo March 17, in Columbus.
4 View Beef Expo bull sale The Ohio Beef Expo breed sales took place March 17.
5 View Beef Expo beginner showmanship The Ohio Beef Expo showmanship classes opened with the beginner division March 17 in the Cooper Arena at the Ohio State Fairgrounds.
6 View Beef Expo trade show The Ohio Beef Expo attracts over 30,000 people to show at the Ohio State Expo Center and Fairgrounds each year according to Elizabeth Harsh, executive director of Ohio Cattlemen's Association. This year's trade show was sold out, featuring over 130 vendors with everything from show cattle supplies, equipment, genetics, feed and western wear. The Ohio Beef Expo was from March 16-18.
7 View Beef Expo beginner showmanship 2 Conner Yochum, of Highland County, waits to enter the ring for the beginner showmanship class at the Ohio Beef Expo, March 17, in Columbus. Yochum took eighth overall in the class.
8 View Beef Expo showmanship
9 View Beef Expo Red Angus sale New to the Ohio Beef Expo this year was the addition of the Red Angus breed. The Red Angus sale grossed $47,750, featured eight bulls, 12 females and two embryos March 17 at the Ohio Expo Center in Columbus. The high selling bull was SCC Nexus S621, consigned by Steiger Cattle Co., Delavan, Illinois, and sold for $4,700 to Dee Ann Demling McLean, Illinois. The high selling female, also owned by Steiger Cattle Co., sold for $4,200 to Roseberry Farms, Jackson, Ohio. (Catie Noyes photo)
10 View Beef Expo cold day It was a cold and wet start to the Ohio Beef Expo, which took place March 16-18 at the Ohio Expo Center in Columbus. Young cattlemen washed and prepped their beef cattle in the freezing rain Saturday morning. Highs were in the mid to high 30s Friday and Saturday and reached 53 F by Sunday afternoon according to weather.com.
11 View Beef Expo Champ Maine-Anjou Champion Maine-Anjou Heifer Samantha VanVorhis, of Wood County, makes sure her Maine-Anjou heifer is looking her best for the judge March 18 at the Ohio Beef Expo. And it paid off, as she left the ring with the champion high percent Maine-Anjou heifer. VanVorhis also took fourth overall heifer with her champion Simmental.
12 View Beef Expo judges comments Judge Mark Johnson, takes a moment to talk with an exhibitor during the Junior Heifer Show at the Ohio Beef Expo March 18.
13 View Beef Expo The chutes were full of cattle being groomed for upcoming shows during the Ohio Beef Expo.
14 View Beef Expo showmanship beginners
15 View Beef Expo show lineup Junior showmen make their was to the show ring during the Ohio Beef Expo March 18.
16 View Beef Expo showmanship class Showmanship classes took place March 17 at the Ohio Beef Expo.
17 View Beef Expo clipping cattle
18 View Beef Expo market show A beef expo exhibitor takes a moment to make sure her steer is set during the Junior Market Show at the Ohio Beef Expo March 18.
19 View Beef Expo sale rings
20 View Beef Expo junior showmanship Junior showmen kept their eyes on the judge as they made their way around the ring during the junior showmanship division of the Ohio Beef Expo March 17 in Columbus. Classes for beginner, junior, intermediate and senior showman took place in the Cooper Arena at the Ohio State Fairgrounds.
Move It, Bend It, Shape It, Sculpt It!
Hunter Museum of American Art 10 Bluff View, City of Chattanooga, Tennessee 37403
(AP Photo/Jeff Roberson, File). FILE - In this May 17, 2018 file photo, Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens looks on before speaking at an event near the capitol in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens, a sometimes brash outsider whose unconventional resume as a Rhode...
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as he announces his resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as he announces his resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens leaves the podium after announcing his resignation at a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens resigned amid a wide...
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as he announces his resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
By DAVID A. LIEB and JIM SALTER
Associated Press
JEFFERSON CITY, Mo. (AP) - Even in surrender, Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens is going out fighting.
When he steps down Friday, the former Navy SEAL officer will be conceding political defeat amid allegations of sexual misconduct and campaign violations while still defiantly asserting that he's done nothing worthy of being forced out of office.
He's even hinted at a possible political comeback, declaring during his resignation announcement Tuesday that "this is not the end of our fight." But political analysts say the man who had aspirations of becoming president could find a political revival challenging, especially in a #MeToo environment where he would be vulnerable to attack for allegedly taking a compromising photo of a woman during an extramarital affair in 2015.
Greitens' resignation comes just two weeks after a speech in which he recalled his grueling SEAL training and asserted he would never stop fighting. But his departure was days in the making, as Greitens wrestled with mounting legal bills and the emotional pressures of defending against possible impeachment and a criminal trial.
On Wednesday, St. Louis Circuit Attorney Kim Gardner dismissed a felony charge accusing Greitens of tampering with computer data for providing his political fundraiser with the donor list of a veterans' charity he founded. The dropped charge was the result of a deal proposed Saturday by Greitens' defense attorneys offering his resignation in exchange, said Gardner spokeswoman Susan Ryan.
The governor on Saturday also called Republican consultant Jeff Roe, who headed Greitens' aggressive public relations campaign, to inform Roe that he had decided to resign. Greitens' legal bills had grown to a couple of million dollars, and his campaign staffers also were facing legal bills because of subpoenas from a House investigation.
Though Greitens had believed he could beat both a criminal charge and impeachment, "he couldn't see the end without an immense financial and personal price to pay," Roe told The Associated Press on Wednesday.
Even though he's quitting amid scandal, some Greitens voters said they still like him. Retiree Wilma Nelson said she would be open to voting for Greitens again if he sought to re-enter politics.
"I can't fault him for giving up. So much money, so much stress, such strain on his young family. You can't deal with such hate," said Nelson, of Platte City.
Political science professor Jeremy Walling, of Southeast Missouri State University, said Greitens' pledge to keep fighting seemed to be "some face-saving."
Walling said several factors would make a political revival tougher for Greitens than for other scandal-plagued politicians. He said Greitens lacks deep support among Missouri's Republican power brokers, and his acknowledged extramarital affair included claims of sexual misconduct. The allegations also extended to political fundraising violations.
"I think a comeback is going to be kind of difficult for this guy," Walling said.
Gardner, the St. Louis prosecutor, said her decision to drop the data-tampering charge against Greitens was no indication that she believed he was innocent.
"I remain confident we have the evidence required to pursue charges against Mr. Greitens, but sometimes pursuing charges is not the right thing to do for our city or our state," said Gardner, a Democrat.
Had the governor been convicted, Gardner said, it was unlikely that he would be sentenced to prison, given the type of charge he faced and the fact that he would be a first-time offender.
Greitens' attorney Jim Martin acknowledged reaching out to Gardner to resolve the issue.
A St. Louis judge approved the agreement, which has seven stipulations, two of which are sealed and unavailable to the public. One of the open stipulations states that Greitens has agreed to release Gardner and everyone in her office from civil liability.
Former Missouri Supreme Court Chief Justice Michael Wolff said the agreement between Greitens' attorneys and Gardner's office is highly unusual because it protects Gardner and her staff from being sued for their actions and because Greitens did not have to plead guilty to any lesser charge.
"Here's a guy who gets to get out of a felony charge just by agreeing to quit his job," Wolff said. "Most people don't get this deal."
Jean Paul Bradshaw II, a former U.S. attorney for western Missouri, said the agreement to drop the case represents a "fair resolution" because Greitens' resignation accomplished "the greatest public benefit" possible.
The governor also was indicted on an invasion-of-privacy charge in February in St. Louis for allegedly taking the photo of the woman who had been his hairdresser during their affair in 2015, before he was elected. That charge was dropped earlier this month, but a special prosecutor is considering whether to refile it.
Martin said he expected the remaining charge to be resolved soon, but he offered no details.
"I think what folks need to know is it's now time to leave the governor alone and let him and his family heal," Martin said.
Though Greitens had apparently decided to resign days earlier, he began the week as though he would continue his fight. On Monday, he spoke with attorney Catherine Hanaway about her legal defense of Greitens' campaign, which already had turned over thousands of documents to a House investigatory committee.
On Tuesday morning, a Cole County judge ordered the campaign and a pro-Greitens group called A New Missouri to comply with a House subpoena seeking more records about potential coordination between the nonprofit organization, Greitens and his campaign. The judge said the names of any donors to A New Missouri could be redacted.
House Speaker Todd Richardson said Wednesday that he didn't know whether the House still has the power or desire to enforce the subpoena now that Greitens is resigning.
Hanaway described the judicial ruling as "pretty innocuous," adding that she did not think the order "had any effect on the decision" to resign.
Roe said Greitens had been prepared for a two-stage fight. He was first focused on the invasion-of-privacy charge, which was dropped during jury selection. Greitens had hoped to be acquitted, which Roe said would have allowed him to mount a full defense against the potential House impeachment proceedings. But the specter of those charges being refiled hampered what Greitens could say and do on both fronts, Roe said.
Roe also said it appeared likely that the House would vote to impeach Greitens, a step that would have prolonged his fight for several more months until a trial could be held on whether to remove him from office.
"The human and financial toll was too great," Roe said. "And it was going to go on for too long."
___
Salter reported from St. Louis. Associated Press writers Blake Nelson in Jefferson City and John Hanna in Topeka, Kansas, contributed to this report.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The two agencies have agreed that the FCC will monitor broadband market entry barriers and review complaints it receives from consumers. It will also have the ability to take action against companies that don't properly inform the public of any throttling, blocking or prioritization practices as per the new order. The FTC can also take action against companies that don't disclose that information adequately or engage in any marketing, advertising or promotional activities deemed deceptive, unfair or unlawful. The FCC and FTC will also meet regularly to discuss any investigations against ISPs and will share legal and technical expertise when necessary.
Overall, the MOU outlines a fairly vague plan to cooperate. However, FCC Chairman Ajit Pai sees it differently. "The Memorandum of Understanding will be a critical benefit for online consumers because it outlines the robust process by which the FCC and FTC will safeguard the public interest," he said in a statement.
It may be early days for development of the Duvernay shale in Alberta, but it is increasingly looking like the next liquids-rich formation to take off in North America.
A recent report by the National Energy Board (NEB) and Alberta Geological Survey (AGS) paints development of the Duvernay as an attractive alternative investment for companies to the oilsands region, albeit on a much smaller scale. In addition, global majors, many of whom missed the U.S. shale rush, are looking elsewhere to invest in short-cycle shale oil — and natural gas. As a result, rapid development of Duvernay shale could contribute to significantly higher Western Canadian oil production through 2030 than generally forecast.
Duvernay shale in west-central Alberta encompasses 20 per cent of the province. The shale is rich in organic matter, ranges in thickness from zero to 100 metres and is found between one and five kilometres underground. The formation tends to get prospective at depths below 2 km, is generally oily in areas shallower than 3 km and gassier in areas deeper than that.
The joint NEB-AGS report released in September estimates Duvernay shale to have 3.4 billion barrels of marketable crude oil and condensates and 6.3 billion barrels of NGLs — compared to 165 billion barrels of crude bitumen for the oilsands — and 76.6 trillion cubic feet of natural gas. The marketable liquids are almost half of Eagle Ford's in Texas, while the report indicated its estimate for the Duvernay is likely “conservative,” especially for crude and condensates, given the oily eastern portion of the formation is barely explored.
The NEB released a follow-up report in November providing the economics for marketable Duvernay shale resource. Based on 2017 light sweet crude prices, natural gas prices and well costs, 1 billion barrels of crude oil, 1.4 billion of NGLs and 12 trillion cubic feet are economic. At slightly lower well costs and modestly higher crude oil and natural gas prices, the Duvernay's economic crude oil, NGLs and natural gas production jump to 2.2 billion barrels, 3.4 billion barrels and 32.9 trillion cubic feet.
Companies have been drilling for shale gas and oil in the Duvernay since 2011, with most development activity focused in the NGL-rich West Shale Basin, such as the Kaybob field northwest of Edmonton. But recent provincial land sales have been showing increasing industry interest in the oily East Shale Basin.
Royal Dutch Shell and Encana had been leading development of the West Shale Basin, but a Canadian subsidiary of U.S. major Chevron — with Kuwait Foreign Petroleum Exploration Company holding roughly a 30 per cent stake — recently jumped on the bandwagon. In November, Chevron Canada made a formal decision to begin commercial development in a section of its holdings in the Kaybob field, after a three-year appraisal program in the area. In making its announcement, Chevron referred to the Duvernay as “one of the most prospective liquids-rich shale plays in North America.”
Interestingly, Chevron has proven a trendsetter by leading development of Argentina's Vaca Muerta shale over the past several years in conjunction with state-owned Yacimientos Petroliferos Fiscales (YPF). A number of other global majors have since followed Chevron's path to Argentina, including ExxonMobil, Royal Dutch Shell, Total and BP-controlled Pan American Energy.
Global majors tend to be underweight shale production, as smaller independent companies led the boom in the U.S., and many of them are looking to add additional short-cycle shale to their portfolio, but at lower cost than in the U.S. The best shale resource, such as Duvernay, has relatively low upfront investment and quick payout compared to other plays such as deep offshore and oilsands, which is especially attractive in a volatile, lower oil price world. Shale in established oil producing regions, with well-developed pipeline networks and regulatory regimes, is especially attractive to oil companies.
Relative minnows such as Artis Exploration, Vesta Energy and Raging River Exploration have been leading the charge in the East Shale Basin the past few years, but based on recent land sales the region appears to be garnering attention of more substantial oil companies. Activity in the East Shale Basin is believed to be largely responsible for the province collecting $180 million in land sale revenue in the first half of this year, up from $64 million for the same period last year. At a land sale on April 26, an undisclosed buyer paid $4,200 per hectare for the right to drill on a parcel of land in the East Shale Basin. For the sake of comparison, land sales in the area seldom exceeded $300 per hectare in 2016, and these parcels were small and adjacent to successful wells.
Kaush Rakhit, chief executive officer of Western Canadian oil and gas consultancy Canadian Discovery has recommended further study of the East Shale Basin be undertaken as he believes its oil potential is substantially greater than estimated. According to Rakhit, the East Shale Basin could hold between 30 billion and 60 billion barrels of oil, with drilling costs below $5 million per well — less than half the cost of wells in the West Shale Basin — as the resource tends to be between 2 km and 2.2 km below the surface and trending towards $4 million given continuing improvements in drilling efficiencies.
Development of the Duvernay shale formation may be in its infancy, but it could ramp up quickly based on the experience of major U.S. shale plays. For example, the Eagle Ford region saw exponential growth in production between January 2010 and March 2015, increasing from 55,000 b/d to a peak of 1.72 million b/d, before slipping back to 1.22 million b/d since the oil price crash.
Assuming spot WTI averaging at least US$60 to US$70 per barrel and a moderate decline in well costs, liquid production from Duvernay could easily hit 500,000 b/d by 2030, if not substantially higher, especially with deep-pocketed global majors in the hunt for affordable shale resource.
In this case, oil supply from Western Canada would be significantly higher than anticipated in the future. For example, the Canadian Association of Petroleum Producers (CAPP) is forecasting regional oil supply to increase by 1.5 million b/d to 5.4 million b/d between 2016 and 2030, with oilsands the sole driver of this growth. In fact, CAPP is projecting conventional oil production —including shale oil — in Western Canada to decline 86,000 b/d to 815,000 b/d over this period.
The judgement of a motorcyclist killed in a Lakenheath crash may have been affected by illegal drugs, an inquest has heard.
Malcolm Lawless, 58, was fatally injured when his Suzuki motor-tricycle was in head-on collision with a BMW car on Eriswell Road on July 30.
An inquest today at Suffolk Coroners Court, Ipswich, heard Mr Lawless, of The Street, Eriswell, died less than an hour and a half after arriving at the West Suffolk Hospital.
Toxicology tests by Imperial College, London, revealed cannabis and cocaine in his body .
Ryan Lawless told the inquest he spent the day of the crash with his father, who had ridden motorcycles for 42 years, and during that time he took no substances. He said his father would not have ridden his bike if he had felt under the influence.
In a statement, BMW driver Toby St Julian, who was returning home to Mundford with his wife, said as he went into a bend, at about 40mph, he saw another vehicle approaching, then realised it was on his side of the road.
On impact, the trike rider was thrown against the car windscreen.
A post mortem showed Mr Lawless died as a result of severe multiple head and chest injuries.
Forensic collision investigator Pc Andrew Fossey said a skid mark indicated one of the brakes on the trike had locked up immediately before the impact, which suggested Mr Lawless had braked hard as he began to negotiate the bend.
Pc Fossey said he believed the most likely cause of the crash had been Mr Lawless entering the bend at what he perceived to be too fast, although no evidence had been found of speeding by either driver.
“In the absence of any other evidence, it is my opinion that his judgement may have been affected by the use of illegal drugs” said Pc Fossey.
Suffolk area coroner Nigel Parsely said: “We will never know what caused Malcolm to brake so violently, causing his vehicle to travel from his carriageway into the path of the BMW.”
Mr Parsley recorded a conclusion Mr Lawless died as the result of a road collision.
Bring on the best. That is the message from star forward Harry Kane as Tottenham await their Champions League fate.
The draw for the Champions League round of 16 takes place in Nyon, Switzerland on Monday – Spurs progressing to the knockout phase as group winners ahead of holders Real Madrid and Borussia Dortmund.
Tottenham could face German champions Bayern Munich or Italian giants Juventus in the last 16, while Sevilla, Porto, Basel and Shakhtar Donetsk are also possible opponents for Mauricio Pochettino's men.
And England international Kane – who scored six goals during the group stage while he has tallied 12 in the Premier League following his two-goal haul in the 5-1 rout of Stoke City on Saturday – is not afraid of anyone.
"When we have been in the group we have been in with Real Madrid and Dortmund and we have done as well as we have, I know people say it a lot that we don't fear anyone, but to go far in the Champions League you are going to have to play the best teams in Europe so we will see who we get," he said.
"It will be exciting and then we will go from there and see how far we can go in the competition.
"I think the first thought was to try and get through and to finish on the most points out of everyone in the whole of the group stage was pretty impressive and that's the kind of form we have to show in every game."
LAKE WALES, Fla. — A Florida sheriff says a teenage boy has beaten another teenager to death with a baseball bat.
Polk County Sheriff Grady Judd tells WFLA-TV the 16-year-old beat 15-year-old Giovanni Diaz after they went into a wooded area Monday afternoon. He says the boys had gone in the woods presumably to play.
Judd says the 16-year-old told a witness what he did, went home and called 911. The witness found Diaz dead.
The suspect told a deputy that “he whaled on” Diaz and referred to him as a friend.
The teen has three previous battery charges and two were on Diaz. Authorities do not know why he killed the other boy and have no further details.
He had not been charged as of Monday night.
——
Information from: WFLA-TV, http://www.wfla.com/
Who's who in the BBC's new true-crime drama following the Rochdale child grooming and sexual abuse scandal
Three Girls is a three-part BBC dramatisation of the Rochdale sexual abuse scandal.
Advertisement
Written by Nicole Taylor (The C Word) and directed by Philippa Lowthorpe (Call the Midwife), it tells the story of three of the children who were victims in the 2012 grooming and sex trafficking case, which made national headlines when it was uncovered by investigative reporter for The Times, Andrew Norfolk.
New to Rochdale, Holly is keen to make friends, but finds herself drawn into a frightening, adult world all too familiar to sexual health worker Sara. As her relationship with her family begins to disintegrate, Holly finds the courage to speak out about the abuse she is suffering.
Maxine Peake as Sara Rowbotham
A sexual health worker in Rochdale, Sara has been recording and reporting cases of child abuse for years, and helps the girls.
Where do I recognise Maxine Peake from?
She is best known for her role as feisty lawyer Martha Costello in Silk. Peake's also starred in Dinnerladies, alongside Victoria Wood, and Shameless. And you may have seen her in Criminal Justice and in acclaimed movie The Theory of Everything, in which she played Stephen Hawking's nurse who he went on to marry.
Lesley Sharp as DC Margaret Oliver
DC Margaret Oliver is a policewoman who is instrumental in getting the girls' voices heard, she joins forces with Sara Rowbotham.
Where do I recognise Lesley Sharp from?
Sharp played DC Janet Scott in the ITV detective drama Scott & Bailey, and also recently appeared in Paranoid. You might have seen her in Clocking Off and 1997 comedy film The Full Monty.
Molly Windsor as Holly Winshaw
Holly is a bright girl from a loving, working-class family lately fallen on hard times, prompting a fractious relationship with her father. She is one of the victims of grooming, assault and enforced prostitution.
Where do I recognise Molly Windsor from?
Windsor played Lucy in The Unloved and also starred in Oranges and Sunshine alongside Emily Watson.
Liv Hill as Ruby Bowen
Ruby is curious about boys and booze, rebellious, wilful, and stroppy. She has learning difficulties and refers to her rapists as “friends”. She has a sister named Amber.
Where do I recognise Liv Hill from?
Three Girls is Hill's first television role.
Ria Zmitrowicz as Amber Bowen
Amber is Ruby's sister, and the girl she is based on was forced to act as an enabler in the recruitment of younger girls to the sex ring.
Where do I recognise Ria Zmitrowicz from?
She is best known for her role as Miss Ellis in Mr Selfridge, and you might also have seen her in Channel 4 series Youngers.
Paul Kaye as Jim Windsor
Jim is Holly's father, who she has a strained relationship with.
Where do I recognise Paul Kaye from?
Kaye plays Thoros of Myr in Game of Thrones, and has had numerous other TV roles including Zapped, Humans, Stella and Pulling. He also appeared as an estate agent in the Woody Allen movie Match Point and will be remembered by those of a certain age for his comic creations Dennis Pennis and Mike Strutter.
Jill Halfpenny as Julie Windsor
Julie is Holly's mother.
Where do I recognise Jill Halfpenny from?
You might know Halfpenny from In the Club, Humans, Babylon, Waterloo Road or Byker Grove. Soap fans will remember her as EastEnders' Kate Mitchell and Coronation Street's Rebecca Hopkins.
Lisa Riley as Lorna Bowen
Lorna is the single mother of Amber and Ruby. Her daughters ride roughshod over her attempts to impose authority.
Where do I recognise Lisa Riley from?
Riley is best known as Emmerdale's Mandy Dingle, a role she played for over seven years. You may also have seen her in school drama Waterloo Road or as a contestant on the 2012 series of Strictly Come Dancing.
Ace Bhatti as Nazir Afzal
Afzal is the Chief Crown Prosecutor for the North West, who brought the case.
Advertisement
Where do I recognise Ace Bhatti from?
Bhatti has featured in many TV series, you may well have seen him appear briefly in Versailles, Vera, In the Club, Shetland, Inspector Lewis, and Silent Witness. He has also played more regular parts in EastEnders, The Sarah Jane Adventures, Secret Diary of a Call Girl and The Bill.
BERLIN — German authorities say Spanish police have arrested a suspect in the killing of a woman in Berlin in May.
Berlin prosecutors said Wednesday that the 38-year-old man was arrested a day earlier and his extradition to Germany is being sought
The 30-year-old victim, Melanie Rehberger, was found dead in a park next to a railway line in the north of Berlin on May 27, two days after going missing during a work break.
Prosecutors said the suspect, who had been living in Berlin but didn't have a fixed address, fled the country after the killing. The man wasn't identified by name.
Prosecutors said evidence found at the crime scene was clearly matched to the arrested suspect.
SAN DIEGO (KGTV) - A Normal Heights grocery store is shut down Friday because of cockroaches found on site and other health code concerns.
San Diego County Department of Environmental Health inspectors conducted a report January 31 at Pancho Villa Farmers Market at 3245 El Cajon Blvd., owned by Stephen Boney.
The food inspection report indicated the following health code violations:
At least 10 live cockroaches, including an adult with an egg case and nymphs in the deli areas.
Potentially hazardous foods kept at unsafe temperatures
Cooked food being cooled in a bulk container in a walk-in cooler
An employee cleaning silverware with soiled sanitizer solution that contained food debris
Grease built up on equipment in the deli including the cooking wok, hot case, and counters
Grease built up on the floor and wall through the deli area
Soiled wiping clothes used on the counter and with soiled sanitizing buckets
Walk-in cooler with an ambient temperature of 48 degrees
No thermometer available to monitor internal food temperature
The health inspector ordered the facility to be closed immediately due to the vermin infestation. The market will not be reopened without written approval from the County.
Almost Done!
Please confirm your details below.
Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate {* birthdate *} Gender {* gender *}
Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers
For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *}
{* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *}
By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account.
I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy.
{* backButton *}
{* /socialRegistrationForm *}
Share this article on LinkedIn Google+ Email
Renault admits it made too big a change with its Formula 1 engine over the winter, and has paid the price with reliability struggles this season...
Arsenal forward Alexis Sanchez has made it clear to the club that he wants out, according to Goal.
The Chile international reportedly has no intention of staying at the Emirates Stadium beyond next summer, when his contract expires, and has informed the club of his position.
Talks over an extension have come to a complete halt as a consequence.
Sanchez, aged 28, came close to joining Manchester City on transfer deadline day. Arsenal accepted a £60m bid, but the deal fell through when they were unable to sign Monaco's Thomas Lemar as a replacement.
City remain the favourites to sign Sanchez, who is keen on a reunion with his former Barcelona boss Pep Guardiola at the Etihad Stadium, even though fellow suitors Paris Saint-Germain would be able to tie him down to a pre-contract agreement from January.
While they look set to see Sanchez go, Arsenal fans have more encouraging news about Mesut Ozil, who is also out of contract next summer.
LOUISVILLE, Ky. (AP) - Louisville has parted ways with senior associate athletic director Mark Jurich, a son of former Cardinals AD Tom Jurich, and two officials in a departmental restructuring.
Associate AD for marketing Julianne Waldron and associate AD for human resources Kim Maffet are also out.
Interim AD Vince Tyra said Friday in a statement that all three made "productive contributions" and wished them well but added that the department is restructuring leadership and "creating efficiencies" among senior staff.
Mark Jurich led fundraising for several capital projects including the $63 million enclosure of the football team's Papa John's Cardinal Stadium field. He remained on staff following his father's Oct. 18 firing after 20 years in the wake of the school's acknowledgement it was being investigated in a federal bribery probe of college basketball.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Third parties like Samsung, T-Mobile and Verizon have sold these dongles for years, so it's interesting that an automaker is releasing its own version since they presumably know more about their cars. That comes in handy for some of the SmartLink's other features, like allowing smartphone control of existing key fob features, vehicle health and security alerts, and vehicle location tracking.
These cool features don't come for free: You'll have to pay $17 per month with a two-year commitment (plus the cost of installation) to get a SmartLink in your vehicle. It comes with a 1GB or 30-day (whichever comes first) trial for Verizon 4G LTE that turns your car into a WiFi hotspot; If you want to keep using it, you'll have to add the service to their account with the telecom (or register a new one if they don't already have one). Those interested can pick up a SmartLink at Ford dealerships starting in mid-2018.
The Niagara Metros are nearing the end of their regular season armed and ready to strike down the opposition in the Central Ontario Baseball Association (COBA) Major Playoff tournament Aug. 18-20.
The Metros, 12-10; are currently on a five-game winning streak in league play. The recent streak for the St. Catharines-based Metros who play out of George Taylor Field has moved them over the .500 mark for the first time since they were 5-4 on June 5.
The Metros defeated the visiting Mississauga SW Twins 6-4 Wednesday and scored all of their runs in the fourth inning one night later in a 7-4 victory over the Oakville Athletics in their final home game of the regular season.
“We feel like we're really primed,” Cobras manager-player Jon Marcheterre said. “Our pitching is going, we're fielding the ball well and we've had our bats firing.
“On the mound, depth has been a real positive for us this year. Going into the off-season last year, my focus was adding arms that could come in and get outs in any situation.”
Marcheterre, now in his 15th season with the team, said the thing he's learned over the years is to “not run out of gas” and reserve some of it for the eliminations tournament and the COBA playoff title.
“We don't discount the regular season in terms of big importance leading up to the end of the regular season,” he said. “What we recognize with our regular season is that we have to use every game to prepare.”
With just one game remaining on the schedule, the Metros are determined to show that they are not to be taken lightly. St. Catharines is fresh off a quarter-final knockout in the COBA elimination tournament and a second-place finish in the Hap Walters Invitational Tournament, where they lost in the finals to the Etobicoke Rangers by a single run.
On the season, southpaw Nick Subramaniam, 29.1 innings pitched, 1.47 ERA; and outfielder Danny Beaver, 13 GP, .521 batting average; are making an impact in their first season with the big club.
“The team has been great,” Beaver said. “At the beginning, here and there a couple of guys would show up.
“But once we all came together, it was all nice.”
The speedy outfielder was picked up by the Metros halfway through the regular season and already has 12 stolen bases.
“My speed changes my game because I can put a ball in the gap and run the bases or lay down a bunt and beat it out,” he said. “It is true that speed kills and it definitely helps in this league.”
The Metros back-to-back COBA championships in 2012 and 2013 to bring the number of league titles in their history to seven.
MUSIC MEN: The Brass Monkeys are appearing at the Gympie RSL tomorrow night.
MUSIC MEN: The Brass Monkeys are appearing at the Gympie RSL tomorrow night.
THURSDAY
Gympie RSL Club
HEAD along to Morning Melodies from 10.30am-1.30pm with Garry Carlon and make sure you treat yourself to the two-course $12 lunch.
FRIDAY
Gympie RSL
THE Brass Monkeys Trio will have your cannons firing when they play the main lounge at the RSL from 7.30-11.30pm.
Mt Pleasant Hotel
MAKE sure you head to the Mount to check out Amanda Emblem from 7-11pm. And don't forget, the courteousy bus is available until close.
Tin Can Bay Country Club
FRIDAY'S are great with free live entertainment at the Country Club. This week Debbie Robertson will keep you entertained from 7pm.
Debbie Robertson will play Friday night at the Tin Can Bay Country Club. Contributed
SATURDAY
Gympie RSL
THE main lounge will be rocking when the Upstage Duo take to the stage from 7.30-11.30pm.
Curra Country Club
DON'T miss the free pig on a spit at the Country Club this week. Plus, there will be raffles and a birthday bash for members. Jess Fox will be providing the entertainment from 6.30pm and meals will start at 6pm.
Jess Fox (left) will be providing the entertainment at Curra Country Club on Saturday. Pictured here with Kelli Ryan. LEEROY TODD
SUNDAY
Mt Pleasant Hotel
GLEN Nayler will help you cruise through your Sunday sesh from 1pm.
Glen Nayler (left) one half of Band Short Note with David Mottershead, will be playing at the Mount Pleasant on Sunday. Contributed
If you would like your Gympie region venue event featured for free in the Gig guide and online each week, send details to donna.jones@gympietimes.com.au and joshua.preston@gympietimes.com by midday the Tuesday before your event.
Getty Image
As the special investigation into a possible obstruction of justice continues, the American people on both sides of the aisle can't look away from the train wreck that is Trump's administration. However, the depressing nature of politics these days has left many scrambling to find some sort of distraction. Enter our First Lady.
Melania Trump has finally joined her husband in the White House now that their son, Barron, has finished his school year in New York City. On top of taking a major financial burden off of the residents of NYC, Melania's presence has also given Twitter some new fodder for the next great hashtag: #MelaniaUpdatesTheWH.
While many enjoyed the apparent disdain she had for her husband's physical touch while on their world tour, they are once again taking aim at the gilded lifestyle that has become synonymous with the Trump name. Bizarre, diamond eating photo shoots aside, the jokes almost write themselves
Diamonds for breakfast served by Chinese children imported from Ivanka's factories. #MelaniaUpdatesTheWH pic.twitter.com/oZezMwEP4w — Take Ivanka to Work (@IvankaToWorkDay) June 14, 2017
Creates a secret room to get away from her husband #MelaniaUpdatesTheWH pic.twitter.com/yPAJum2lGz — MG 🌼 (@FeministRocks) June 14, 2017
JFK's portrait replaced by a portrait of Donald's grandfather #MelaniaUpdatesTheWH pic.twitter.com/2n5Drv6O4M — Luke, Cool ✋🏼 (@LukeWheeler01) June 14, 2017
Changes all photos and paintings in the WH so they reflect her unbridled joy and happiness. #MelaniaUpdatesTheWH pic.twitter.com/Xo3pduJDri — Linda (@lindachilders1) June 14, 2017
#MelaniaUpdatesTheWH with a big beautiful Wall between her bedroom & the Idiot-inChief's room. Also considering a travel ban in hallway area — Chi One (@ChiOneToo) June 14, 2017
Locally there are three death penalty cases, all in different stages of legal proceedings.
There's the James Worley case in the trial phase. He is accused of kidnapping and murdering 20-year-old Sierah Joughin.
Another death penalty case in Columbus, is against Brian Golsby and is in mitigation. He's accused of kidnapping and murdering Reagan Tokes, an Anthony Wayne High School graduate and former OSU student.
The third case is near the end of the death penalty process. William Montgomery was found guilty of killing Debra Ogle and Cynthia Tincher in 1986.
Montgomery has been on death row for 31 years and is scheduled to die by lethal injection on April 11th, but the Ohio Parole Board recommended clemency so he now waits for Governor John Kasich with the final say on the ruling.
One local defense attorney said having three death penalty cases at once is more than normal. He explains how they are run much differently from a non-death penalty case.
"I can remember everything that happened that night crystal clear," explained Richard (Rick) Kerger, an attorney practicing law since 1974.
Rick Kerger is a defense attorney who has worked on several death penalty cases. A number of years ago, he had to watch one of his clients be put to death.
"I've known people who are dying,” explained Kerger. “I never knew anybody who was going to die exactly at midnight and it's a very different sensation when you are going through it."
He said emotions are high during every phase of a death penalty case especially those that hit close to home.
"It's always about people,” said Rick Kerger. “This is not some abstract concept. It's about those two young women who were killed, it's about the men that are accused of killing them, it's about their families. The emotions in there are raw."
Kerger said death penalty cases generally involve a longer trial, but that's not where it ends. There's mitigation, the chance to spare the defendant's life, and even still what could be decades of appeals.
"The reason the process takes so long is we want to be sure we got the right person because if you convict somebody wrongly you have necessarily let the criminal get free," said Rick Kerger, a defense lawyer.
Death penalty cases do cost a lot of money too, over a million dollars on average. The cost covers incarceration, appeal, and much more.
"Part of the problem I see in the system is once it reaches the decision it's very hard to get it overturned,” explained Kerger. “I think the thinking is look, if you had a fair trial that's all you need. You don't need a perfect trial."
While Rick Kerger's job is to keep his clients off death row, he does say jurors' other option, life in prison without parole, is also a very bleak sentence with little hope.
Follow WTOL:
Download our app here.
Copyright 2018 WTOL. All rights reserved.
TORONTO — Raptors president Masai Ujiri made a plea for Torontonians to come together and support one another in the wake of the horrific van attack that killed 10 and left 15 injured.
Ujiri addressed the media after practice Tuesday, urging people not to be afraid and asking them "to believe in our city."
Ujiri, a native of Nigeria, says he brags about Toronto everywhere he goes, calling it the safest place and the best city in the world. That will not change, he said.
He said Toronto's strength is its diversity.
Buhari Labels Benue Church Killings As ‘Satanic'
The Nigerian President, Muhammadu Buhari on Tuesday condemned the killing of church goers and two priests, at a Catholic church in Ukpor-Mbalom community in Gwer East Local Government Area of Benue State, as “vile, evil and satanic.” Mr. Femi Adesina Special Adviser to the President on Media and Publicity, expressed the President's opinion in a […]
The post Buhari Labels Benue Church Killings As ‘Satanic' appeared first on The Herald Nigeria Newspaper.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The Herald Nigeria Newspaper. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
PROVIDENCE, R.I. (AP) - The biggest newspapers in Connecticut and Rhode Island are feuding over which state is worse.
The Hartford Courant in Connecticut wrote a scathing editorial after The Providence Journal in Rhode Island published an editorial calling its New England neighbor struggling, and blasting its business climate as enormously difficult.
The Journal's Jan. 24 piece ends by calling on Rhode Island Democratic Gov. Gina Raimondo to try and attract jobs from Connecticut to Rhode Island, calling it "certainly less risky" than Connecticut.
In a Friday editorial headlined "Why, Rhode Island, Why?" the Courant responded by detailing a long list of its neighbor's woes. Those included pension problems, economic issues and "a legacy of corruption that not even Connecticut can match."
It closes by encouraging the states to work together.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Press Trust of India, New Delhi, Oct 6 2017, 13:58 IST
The Supreme Court today asked the Centre to respond to a plea challenging the legal provision that a death row convict would be hanged to death.
The plea said that Article 21 (Right to Life) of the Constitution also includes the right of a condemned prisoner to have a dignified mode of execution so that death becomes less painful.
A bench comprising Chief Justice Dipak Misra and Justices A M Khanwilkar and D Y Chandrachud issued a notice to the Centre and sought its response in three weeks on the PIL which referred to the 187th Report of the Law Commission against the present mode of execution.
Lawyer Rishi Malhotra, who filed the PIL in his personal capacity, has also referred to various apex court judgements in which the practice of hanging a death row convict has been assailed.
A provision in the Criminal Procedure Code provides that the mode of execution of death penalty would be hanging by the neck. The plea also challenges the constitutional validity of this provision.
The entire nation is singing the classic 1996 anthem following England's World Cup Last 16 penalty win over Colombia
Three Lions fever has hit overload after England's penalty shootout win over Colombia in the Last 16 of the World Cup 2018.
Advertisement
Not only are Baddiel and Skinner getting in on the act once again, but so are the fans, the pundits, and even certain members of the squad.
The comedians, who have seen their Euro '96 hit resurface once again as the anthem of choice at this year's World Cup, shared a picture of themselves celebrating after Eric Dier fired England into the quarter-finals with the caption “it's just about still coming home”. Three Lions is steadily climbing the UK music charts, and it's racking in around 950k views on YouTube per day.
It's just about still coming home. pic.twitter.com/NCwuVW9aCi — David Baddiel (@Baddiel) July 3, 2018
Meanwhile, in the BBC Match of the Day studio, Alan Shearer broke out into a baritone rendition of the tune as Gary Lineker tried to introduce the show.
And England's banter merchant Jesse Lingard posted a clip on Instagram of himself and Liverpool right-back Trent Alexander-Arnold assuring fans that football is indeed coming home.
No mum, I'm not coming home. It's… pic.twitter.com/VdFHVoEfTI — Jesse Lingard (@JesseLingard) July 3, 2018
Meanwhile, streets all across the country were soundtracked by the song as fans hit the pavements to celebrate a rare penalty shootout victory and progression to a quarter-final tie against Sweden on Saturday.
Check out a montage of fans screaming the tune at the top of their lungs, and some more clips of the impromptu celebrations, below.
It's coming home! If England wins the World Cup, Sheffield will host the BIGGEST/LOUDEST/CRAZIEST celebration party 🎉 in the UK! #Promise #ENGCOL pic.twitter.com/Psenu5Cl5B — 🚀MΛG!D (@MagicMagid) July 3, 2018
Chesterfield town centre 😂 IT'S COMING HOME ⚽️ pic.twitter.com/RyKMOkOWNQ — Gemma (@gempufc) July 3, 2018
It gets better boys it's coming home!! pic.twitter.com/HZhAZ7tJBO — Ross Greenall (@RossGreenall_) July 3, 2018
Kicking off on Tottenham Court Road. It's coming home! #ENGCOL pic.twitter.com/3DdY0LebBQ — Jamie Murray (@JMurray29) July 3, 2018
What a place sedgley is!!!! It's coming home!!! pic.twitter.com/HIM8GCPyE2 — Beth Hill (@bethhillxxxx) July 3, 2018
England play Sweden in the quarter-finals of World Cup 2018 on Saturday at 3pm
Advertisement
Sign up for the free RadioTimes.com newsletter
NEW YORK — Top American and North Korean officials plan a full day of meetings in New York aimed at deciding whether a summit between President Donald Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un can be salvaged.
Ahead of the meetings Thursday, Secretary of State Mike Pompeo and the North's former military intelligence chief, Kim Yong Chol, had dinner Wednesday night. Kim had flown in from Beijing and Pompeo from Washington.
The talks come as preparations for a highly anticipated summit in Singapore barrel ahead amid lingering uncertainty about whether it will actually take place, and when. Trump cancelled the June 12 summit last week, then suggested it could still happen.
U.S. teams have been meeting with North Korean officials in Singapore and in the heavily fortified Korean Demilitarized Zone.
The recent information on the plans of the group known as Slate Belt Rising sounds interesting and certainly worthy of community support. However, the approval of a proposed Synagro human waste treatment plant in our area does not conform with the vision of the Slate Belt Rising group of volunteers, which seeks to "rebrand" the Slate Belt and give a boost to the appearance of properties.
Sadly, we have a waste-filled landfill rising higher and higher each year in Plainfield Township that impacts on our neighborhoods. Remember, facade upgrades and public relations efforts will not help us in the future if our environment is contaminated by waste and odors from the landfill and trucks carrying human waste from three states to a facility that creates foul-smelling fertilizer.
We need to remain vigilant and make sure that the very people who are funding the paint aren't trying to buy favor from us for the money they will earn by bringing everyone's trash and human waste through our neighborhoods.
John F. Reinhart
Pen Argyl
(AP Photo/Jim Mone). Minnesota Vikings quarterback Kirk Cousins (8) goes through calisthenics during practice at the NFL football team's training camp Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Eagan, Minn.
(AP Photo/Jim Mone). Minnesota Vikings quarterback Kirk Cousins rolls out during practice at the NFL football team's training camp Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Eagan, Minn.
(AP Photo/Jim Mone). Minnesota Vikings quarterback Kirk Cousins (8) listens to instructions from quarterback coach Kevin Stefanski during practice at the NFL football team's training camp Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Eagan, Minn. Cousins is the quarterb...
By DAVE CAMPBELL
AP Pro Football Writer
MENDOTA HEIGHTS, Minn. (AP) - There's still so much more for Kirk Cousins to learn about his new coaches, teammates and playbook in Minnesota, a mere 2½ months after the newest Vikings quarterback signed his record-setting contract to headline this year's NFL free agency frenzy.
With every full-swing fist pump after a completed pass in these non-contact practices, there's no question that the Vikings acquired a Pro Bowl-level enthusiasm along with Cousins and his skillset.
"I think as a seventh-year player, now you have a little freedom to just be yourself and to not take a back seat and to just be vocal within reason," Cousins said.
"Be a leader, step up, and let your voice be heard. To their credit, the guys have received it well, and it's been fun to just assimilate myself into the offense and into the program."
As Cousins was finishing an interview session with the Minnesota media on Wednesday afternoon during a visit to a local middle school, his teammates called him over to complete their interaction with the kids and pose for one last photo.
He dutifully sprinted across the gym so as not to disappoint or, perhaps, take the razzing. He's the face of this franchise, a responsibility he hasn't shied from, but he's also a carefully spoken and image-conscious player who can understand the importance of not overstepping his bounds.
"Anytime you're new to an organization, you feel your way around a little bit. He's doing that some, but he's leading. He's taking charge," coach Mike Zimmer said amid the pre-teen cacophony in the gym at Friendly Hills Middle School just across the freeway from the team's new headquarters. "He has a lot on his plate right now."
True to his nature as a relationship builder and a meticulous preparer, Cousins hosted wide receivers Adam Thielen and Stefon Diggs at his Atlanta-area offseason home shortly after he joined the team.
"We did get some stuff on the field, learning what he likes, learning how he likes certain routes run, because every quarterback is a little different," Thielen said.
"But I think the biggest thing was just learning his personality, how fun he is to be around and his humor and things like that. It was really good to get a jump on that."
Cousins has also, like it or not, dived right into the extraordinary expectations surrounding the Vikings following their advancement to the NFC championship game last season. The junior-high kids were yet another reminder of this.
"Most of the questions revolved around, 'Will we go to the Super Bowl?' and 'Will we make the playoffs?' I just throw it back at them saying, 'Do you think we will?' and they say, 'Yes'. They're confident, and that's a good place to start."
As the Vikings worked through their fifth of nine formal spring practices labeled by NFL parlance as organized team activities, outside linebacker Anthony Barr was back on the field with the team after an absence last week he confirmed was related to his contract status.
Now playing the final season of his rookie contract at a fully guaranteed salary of slightly more than $12.3 million, Barr said he hoped to have a new deal in place before the on-field workouts began. That didn't happen, so he took out an insurance policy to protect his future earnings in case of injury in 2018.
The issue for Barr and his desire for longer-term security is the Vikings also have hefty paydays looming for wide receiver Stefon Diggs and defensive end Danielle Hunter, who are also playing this season on expiring contracts for a team that has plenty of expensive stars.
"My agent is doing a great job, and they're having conversations," said Barr, who was the team's first-round draft pick in 2014. "I don't know too many details on that. My focus is here with the team and getting better."
Sounds a little like the quarterback, dealing with his challenge of taking over a championship-chasing team.
"Everything is new, so I'm just continuing to try to get to where the plays and the reads and the terminology are all instinctual without having to think," Cousins said. "That takes a long time, but every day you can take a step in that process."
___
For more AP NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
CLEVELAND — Aaron Rodgers stood on the sideline, fighting off the December chill inside a large green Packers jacket and stocking cap.
His game-day look could soon be more familiar.
Relegated to being a cheerleader since breaking his collarbone in October, Rodgers may be back on the field next Sunday for Green Bay, which kept its playoff hopes ticking by rallying to beat the Cleveland Browns 27-21 in overtime.
The Packers (7-6) overcame a 14-point deficit in the fourth quarter and were helped by the always generous Browns (0-13), who found yet another way to lose and are now three defeats from NFL infamy.
Brett Hundley, who had the unenviable job of stepping in as Rodgers' part-time replacement, threw three touchdown passes, and the Packers forced Browns rookie quarterback DeShone Kizer into a critical mistake in the OT to keep their season relevant.
When Rodgers went down on Oct. 15, slammed to the turf by Minnesota linebacker Anthony Barr, the Packers' season seemed to be as good as over. But Green Bay managed to go 3-4 without its star QB, winning the past two weeks in OT, and the Packers are now poised to make a post-season push.
“We're like a zombie, we refuse to go down,” said Packers left tackle David Bakhtiari. “That's a nice characteristic you want from a team when physically, the injuries are piling up. I don't know what percentage we've had with back-to-back overtime games and having two walk-offs. It's definitely a momentum builder.”
The Packers are rolling indeed. Rodgers returned to practice in pads last week, and as long as he clears any medical tests this week, No. 12 is expected to be back behind centre next week when the Packers visit Carolina.
Green Bay coach Mike McCarthy ducked any questions about Rodgers' status, preferring to keep the focus on his team's gutty comeback and not the return of his two-time MVP.
“We love Aaron Rodgers, but I will not answer any questions about him today,” McCarthy said. “This is about winning the game. He's still in the medical situation, and as soon as we have the information, we will try to get it to you.”
After Packers safety Josh Jones intercepted Kizer early in overtime, Hundley connected on a short pass to Davante Adams, who spun out of a tackle and scored Green Bay's game-winning TD before running into the tunnel and straight to the locker room.
Rodgers wasn't far behind. In a few days, he may be leading again.
CLUTCH HUNDLEY
With Rodgers' guidance, Hundley has bailed out the Packers.
He finished 35 of 46 for 265 yards without an interception and exploited Cleveland's defence with bubble screens and quick-hitting passes. In regulation and OT, he was a combined 12 of 16.
“It's just crunch-time situations,” Hundley said. “Big-time players make big-time plays. My dad used to say that over and over growing up and that's where it resonates in these kinds of situations with me. It's still football. You just have to perform.”
GORDON SCORES
Browns wide receiver Josh Gordon celebrated his first touchdown in nearly four years with style.
Gordon hauled in an 18-yard TD with a leaping catch in the first quarter, and then put on a pair of sunglasses when he reached the sideline. It was Gordon's first TD since Dec. 15, 2013, before he was suspended for multiple drug violations.
Gordon had a 38-yard reception on Cleveland's first play and finished with three catches for 69 yards. However, he was not available for interviews following the game.
DEAR OL' DAD
Packers linebacker Clay Matthews made a big play in overtime and then honoured his dad.
Matthews got just enough of Kizer's arm to affect his throw that was picked off by Jones. Following the game, Matthews wore a replica of his father's No. 57 Browns jersey. The elder Matthews was a star linebacker for Cleveland from 1978-93.
“I got a special place in my heart for Cleveland, no doubt about it,” Matthews said, “especially with what my father was able to do here.”
Matthews was one of the few Packers to generate any pressure on Kizer. Green Bay played without its sack leader, linebacker Nick Perry, who sat out with shoulder and foot injuries.
NOT SO NIFTY FIFTY
Now three losses from a 0-16 season, the Browns fell to 1-28 under coach Hue Jackson and 4-46 in their last 50 games — the worst stretch in league history.
“I don't know why things are happening the way they are happening,” said linebacker Christian Kirksey. “We just have to keep going at it, keep fighting and keep swinging. Last year, we got that one win late so that just shows the character of the guys in this room and it just shows that we can compete with any team.”
——
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP–NFL
WASHINGTON — Nancy Benac, a veteran Washington journalist who has covered the presidency and national political campaigns, has been named White House news editor at The Associated Press.
The appointment was announced Monday by Julie Pace, AP's Washington bureau chief.
Benac will lead a team of AP reporters covering all aspects of President Donald Trump's White House, one of the most competitive and closely watched beats in the world. She's overseen the White House team on an interim basis since last summer.
“Nancy has already established herself as an invaluable member of the bureau's leadership team and has earned the respect of the White House reporters,” Pace said. “She brings a sophisticated eye to her editing and is simply never rattled, despite the relentless pace of White House coverage.”
Benac has worked for the AP for more than 35 years, covering government and politics. She began her AP career as an intern in the New York City bureau in 1980, followed by stints in Detroit and Lansing, Michigan, before moving to Washington as the Michigan regional reporter in 1983.
Over two-plus decades in Washington, Benac has covered a wide variety of beats, including the Clinton White House, and served as political editor for three national election cycles. She was a contributing author to the AP history book, “Breaking News: How the Associated Press Has Covered War, Peace, and Everything Else.”
A native of Lombard, Illinois, Nancy is a graduate of Brigham Young University. She and her husband have two children.
——
Follow The Associated Press on Twitter at: http://twitter.com/ap
——
Online:
http://www.ap.org
NAIROBI, Kenya — The world's last male northern white rhino, Sudan, has died after “age-related complications,” researchers announced Tuesday, saying he “stole the heart of many with his dignity and strength.”
A statement from the Ol Pejeta Conservancy in Kenya said the 45-year-old rhino was euthanized on Monday after his condition “worsened significantly” and he was no longer able to stand. His muscles and bones had degenerated and his skin had extensive wounds, with a deep infection on his back right leg.
The rhino had been part of an ambitious effort to save the subspecies from extinction after decades of decimation by poachers, with the help of the two surviving females. One is his daughter, Najin, and the other is her daughter, Fatu.
“He was a great ambassador for his species and will be remembered for the work he did to raise awareness globally of the plight facing not only rhinos, but also the many thousands of other species facing extinction as a result of unsustainable human activity,” said the conservancy's CEO, Richard Vigne.
Sudan was something of a celebrity, attracting thousands of visitors. Last year he was listed as “The Most Eligible Bachelor in the World” on the Tinder dating app in a fundraising effort.
The last male northern white rhino had been born in Sudan, the last of his kind to be born in the wild.
He was taken to a Czech zoo and then transferred to Kenya in 2009 with the three other remaining fertile northern white rhinos at the time. They were placed under 24-hour armed guard and fed a special diet. “However, despite the fact that they were seen mating, there were no successful pregnancies,” the conservancy said.
Rangers caring for Sudan described him as gentle and, as his condition worsened in recent weeks, expressed sadness over his imminent death.
The rhino “significantly contributed to survival of his species as he sired two females,” the conservancy said. “Additionally, his genetic material was collected yesterday and provides a hope for future attempts at reproduction of northern white rhinos through advanced cellular technologies.”
The only hope for preserving the subspecies “now lies in developing in vitro fertilization techniques using eggs from the two remaining females, stored northern white rhino semen from males and surrogate southern white rhino females,” the statement said.
Sudan's death “is a cruel symbol of human disregard for nature and it saddened everyone who knew him. But we should not give up,” said Jan Stejskal, director of international projects at Dvur Kralove Zoo in the Czech Republic. “It may sound unbelievable, but thanks to the newly developed techniques even Sudan could still have an offspring.”
Northern white rhinos once roamed parts of Chad, Sudan, Uganda, Congo and Central African Republic, and were particularly vulnerable because of the armed conflicts that have swept the region over decades.
Other rhinos, the southern white rhino and another species, the black rhino, are under heavy pressure from poachers who kill them for their horns to supply illegal markets in parts of Asia.
Roughly 20,000 southern white rhinos remain in Africa. Their numbers dipped below 100 around a century ago, but an intense effort initiated by South African conservationist Ian Player in the mid-20th century turned things around.
International freeskier Rachel Findler is hosting an event to premier her first feature-length film.
Grab a beer and some popcorn and settle in for a fantastic evening that will include a big screen showing of Faction Ski's first feature length film, This Is Home.
The evening kicks off at Ellis Brigham Mountain Sports, Chelmsford with Rachel Finder and her talk, Falling is Not an Option: The Adventures of a Freeskier.
Rachel shares gripping stories of being out in the mountains, skiing volcanoes in the Andes, dodging an avalanche by split seconds, being stalked by a mountain lion and how falling is never an option.
The event takes place on Tuesday, February 13 at 7pm.
Tickets, costing £5 each, are available at http://bit.ly/2FnNsf9
China's Xi strikes nationalistic tone in parliament address
BEIJING (AP) — Chinese President Xi Jinping struck a strongly nationalistic tone in his closing address Tuesday to the annual session of the ceremonial parliament, saying China would never allow “one inch” of territory to be separated from it.
Speaking before the nearly 3,000 members of the National People's Congress who had earlier abolished term limits on his rule, Xi declared that the Chinese people were now “closer now than at any time in history to realizing the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation.
“Maintaining national sovereignty, territorial integrity and complete unification of the motherland is the common aspiration of all Chinese,” Xi said.
“In the face of national righteousness and the tide of history, all attempts or tricks aimed at dividing the motherland are doomed to failure,” Xi said to loud applause. “All will receive the condemnation of the people and the punishment of history.”
The Chinese people have the will and ability to “foil all activities to divide the nation” and are united in their belief that “every inch of our great motherland absolutely cannot and absolutely will not be separated from China,” Xi said.
——
Fear mounts in Austin as serial bomber uses tripwire
AUSTIN, Texas (AP) — The hunt for the serial bomber who has been leaving deadly explosives in packages on Austin doorsteps took a new, more sinister turn Monday when investigators said the fourth and latest blast was triggered along a street by a nearly invisible tripwire.
Police and federal agents said that suggests a “higher level of sophistication” than they have seen before, and means the carnage is now random, rather than targeted at someone in particular. Underscoring that point, a relative says the most-recent explosion left what appeared to be nails stuck in his grandson's knees.
“The game went up a little bit — well, it went up a lot yesterday with the tripwire,” Christopher Combs, FBI agent in charge of the bureau's San Antonio division, said in an interview.
Two people have now been killed and four wounded in bombings over a span of less than three weeks.
The latest happened Sunday night in southwest Austin's quiet Travis Country neighbourhood, wounding two men in their 20s who were walking in the dark. They suffered what police said were significant injuries and remained hospitalized in stable condition.
——
Scandal-hit Weinstein Co. files for bankruptcy protection
NEW YORK (AP) — The Weinstein Co. filed for bankruptcy protection on Monday with a buyout offer in hand from a private equity firm, the latest twist in its efforts to survive the sexual misconduct scandal that brought down co-founder Harvey Weinstein, shook Hollywood and triggered a movement that spread out to convulse other industries.
The company also announced it was releasing any victims of or witnesses to Weinstein's alleged misconduct from non-disclosure agreements preventing them from speaking out. That step had long been sought by New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman, who filed a lawsuit against the company last month on behalf of its employees.
“Since October, it has been reported that Harvey Weinstein used non-disclosure agreements as a secret weapon to silence his accusers. Effective immediately, those ‘agreements' end,” the company said in a statement. “No one should be afraid to speak out or coerced to stay quiet.”
In a statement, Schneiderman praised the decision as “a watershed moment for efforts to address the corrosive effects of sexual misconduct in the workplace.”
The movie and TV studio becomes the first high-profile company to be forced into bankruptcy in the nationwide outcry over workplace sexual misconduct. Dozens of prominent men in entertainment, media, finance, politics and other realms have seen their careers derailed, but no other company has seen its very survival as tightly intertwined with the fate of one man as the Weinstein Co.
——
10 Things to Know for Tuesday
Your daily look at late-breaking news, upcoming events and the stories that will be talked about Tuesday:
1. POLICE MAKE DIRECT APPEAL TO BOMBER
In the search for answers to a series of explosions in Austin, Texas, authorities have come ahead with a simple plea to whoever's behind the blasts: Talk to us.
2. SELF-DRIVING UBER STRIKES, KILLS PEDESTRIAN
The fatality in a Phoenix suburb is the first involving a fully autonomous test vehicle, prompting the ride-hailing company to suspend all road-testing of such autos in the U.S. and Canada.
——
Police assemble patchwork of clues in hunt for Austin bomber
NEW YORK (AP) — In the search for answers to a series of explosions in Texas, authorities have come ahead with a simple plea to whoever's behind the blasts: Talk to us.
The Austin police chief's direct appeal, complete with promises to listen to the bomber and try to understand the reasons, reflects the stubborn progress of the investigation in which there's no known motivation and the ties between the victims are opaque at best. It may also represent a ploy to coax a response that could give clues or help police prepare for what might come next.
“It puts law enforcement and police in a down power dynamic and instills power on the person,” said Randall Rogan, a Wake Forest University professor who is an expert on forensic linguistic analysis and worked with the FBI on the Unabomber case. “It gives (perpetrators) a sense of satisfaction, of pride, of accomplishment, that they are in charge.”
An explosion on Sunday night was the fourth in Austin this month, and represented a stepped-up level of sophistication in the attack. Unlike the previous bombings, which involved packages left on doorsteps, the latest one was placed near a hiking trail and had a thin translucent tripwire like fishing line. Two people have died in the explosions and four others have been injured.
Hundreds of officers from multiple law enforcement agencies are on the case.
——
Republicans tell Trump: Lay off Mueller — but they don't act
WASHINGTON (AP) — More Republicans are telling President Donald Trump in ever blunter terms to lay off his escalating criticism of special counsel Robert Mueller and the Russia probe. But party leaders are taking no action to protect Mueller, embracing a familiar strategy with the president — simply waiting out the storm.
Trump blistered Mueller and his investigation all weekend on Twitter and started in again Monday, questioning the probe's legitimacy with language no recent president has used for a federal inquiry. “A total WITCH HUNT with massive conflicts of interest!” Trump tweeted.
Mueller is leading a criminal probe into whether Trump's 2016 presidential campaign had ties to Russia and whether there has been obstruction of justice since then.
Trump was told to cut it out on Sunday by such notable Republicans as Trey Gowdy, chairman of the House Oversight Committee, and Bob Corker, chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. Then on Monday he was told that firing Mueller would be “the stupidest thing the president could do” by Orrin Hatch, chairman of the Senate Finance Committee.
But Hatch, on CNN, also said he didn't see any need for legislation to protect Mueller. And that sentiment was widely echoed by GOP leaders.
——
Self-driving vehicle strikes and kills pedestrian in Arizona
A self-driving Uber SUV struck and killed a pedestrian in suburban Phoenix in the first death involving a fully autonomous test vehicle — a crash that could have far-reaching consequences for the new technology.
The fatality Sunday night in Tempe was the event many in the auto and technology industries were dreading but knew was inevitable.
Uber immediately suspended all road-testing of such autos in the Phoenix area, Pittsburgh, San Francisco and Toronto. The testing has been going on for months as automakers and technology companies like the ride-hailing service compete to be the first with cars that operate on their own.
The Volvo was in self-driving mode with a human backup driver at the wheel when it hit 49-year-old Elaine Herzberg as she was walking a bicycle outside the lines of a crosswalk, police said. She died at a hospital.
Uber CEO Dara Khosrowshahi expressed condolences on his Twitter account and said the company is working with local law enforcement on the investigation.
——
China's premier promises ‘wider opening' of economy
BEIJING (AP) — Premier Li Keqiang on Tuesday promised China “will open even wider” to imports and investment and will fully open manufacturing industries to foreign competitors.
Beijing plans to eliminate import tariffs on drugs and slash duties on consumer goods, said Li, the country's No. 2 leader, at a nationally televised news conference Tuesday held during the annual meeting of the national legislature. He said the country will “fully open the manufacturing sector,” with better protection for intellectual property.
Chinese leaders are under pressure to make their slowing, state-dominated economy more productive. They have promised to open more industries to private and foreign competition, but business groups complain they are moving too slowly.
“If there is one thing that will be different from the past, that will be that China will open even wider,” said Li.
Beijing plans to “further bring down overall tariffs,” with “zero tariffs for drugs, especially much-needed anti-cancer drugs,” the premier said.
——
Quick challenge for Mississippi's 15-week abortion ban
JACKSON, Miss. (AP) — The nation's most restrictive abortion law is headed for a showdown before a federal judge only hours after it was signed by Mississippi's governor.
U.S. District Judge Carlton Reeves late Monday scheduled arguments Tuesday morning over whether he should immediately block the law after a request by the state's only abortion clinic and a physician who works there.
Republican Gov. Phil Bryant signed House Bill 1510 on Monday, immediately banning most abortions after 15 weeks of gestation. How quickly will the effects of the law be felt in Mississippi? Dr. Sacheen Carr-Ellis of the Jackson Women's Health Organization stated in court papers that a woman 15 weeks or more pregnant is scheduled for a Tuesday afternoon abortion.
The law and responding challenge set up a confrontation sought by abortion opponents, who are hoping federal courts will ultimately prohibit abortions before a fetus is viable. Current federal law does not.
Some legal experts have said a change in the law is unlikely unless the makeup of the U.S. Supreme Court changes in a way that favours abortion opponents.
——
How Facebook likes could profile voters for manipulation
NEW YORK (AP) — Facebook “likes” can tell a lot about a person. Maybe even enough to fuel a voter-manipulation effort like the one a Trump-affiliated data-mining firm stands accused of — and which Facebook may have enabled.
The social network is under fire after The New York Times and The Guardian newspaper reported that former Trump campaign consultant Cambridge Analytica used data, including user likes, inappropriately obtained from roughly 50 million Facebook users to try to influence elections.
Monday was a wild roller coaster ride for Facebook, whose shares plunged 7 per cent in its worst one-day decline since 2014. Officials in the EU and the U.S. sought answers, while Britain's information commissioner said she will seek a warrant to access Cambridge Analytica's servers because the British firm had been “unco-operative” in her investigation. The first casualty of that investigation was an audit of Cambridge that Facebook had announced earlier in the day; the company said it “stood down” that effort at the request of British officials.
Adding to the turmoil, the New York Times reported that Facebook security chief Alex Stamos will step down by August following clashes over how aggressively Facebook should address its role in spreading disinformation. In a tweet , Stamos said he's still fully engaged at Facebook but that his role has changed.
It would have been quieter had Facebook likes not turned out to be so revealing. Researchers in a 2013 study found that likes on hobbies, interests and other attributes can predict personal attributes such as sexual orientation and political affiliation. Computers analyze such data to look for patterns that might not be obvious, such as a link between a preference for curly fries and higher intelligence.
MADRID — Spain easily defeated Albania 3-0 to secure a World Cup berth as outspoken defender Gerard Pique received a mixed reaction from home fans every time he touched the ball on Friday.
Rodrigo, Isco, and Thiago Alcantara scored first-half goals to give Spain an insurmountable five-point lead over Italy with one round to go in Group G of European qualifying.
Italy's chance of winning the group ended with in a 1-1 draw against Macedonia in Turin, a result that secured second place for the Italians.
Israel won at Liechtenstein 1-0 in the other group match.
Spain will be making its 11th consecutive World Cup appearance.
“It was a complicated week but we were able to come out only focused on football,” Spain coach Julen Lopetegui said. “We did our part and with the Italy result it ended up being enough.”
PIQUE'S NIGHT
As expected, many of the nearly 30,000 fans in the crowd in the southeastern city of Alicante booed Pique almost every time he touched the ball. But many applauded the outspoken Barcelona defender, and he even got a standing ovation by some when he was substituted early in the second half.
He also applauded the fans as he left the field, and later part of the crowd chanted his name while he sat in the stands.
Pique has been criticized by Spanish fans for being openly critical of the Spanish government's handling of the independence referendum organized by Catalonia on Sunday, when authorities and voters confronted each other in violent clashes.
Pique, who has long defended the Catalans, was harassed by fans at Spain's training camp in Madrid on Monday, with many calling him to leave the national team. He pledged his commitment to Spain's squad a few days later, and said he hoped Alicante fans would not jeer him because of his stance on the Catalonia issue. He is often booed when Spain plays outside of Catalonia.
“Pique was calm throughout the match,” Rodrigo said. “Everybody respects each other here, and he is a very important player for this national team.”
Pique will not play on Monday in Israel because of a yellow card suspension.
Spain was in control from the start in Alicante, with Rodrigo opening the scoring in the 16th minute with a left-footed shot from inside the area after a well-placed pass by Isco. Rodrigo controlled the ball with his chest before finding the top corner with a half-volley for his first international goal.
Isco added to the lead four minutes later with a shot into the top of the net for his fifth goal in seven qualifiers, and Thiago Alcantara closed the scoring 10 minutes later with a driving header after a right cross by Alvaro Odriozola, who was making his debut at right back.
Spain was without Andres Iniesta, Dani Carvajal, and Alvaro Morata because of injuries.
HOME DISAPPOINTMENT
Italy practically secured a playoff spot but was jeered by the home fans after drawing with Macedonia.
Defender Giorgio Chiellini gave Italy the lead shortly before halftime but substitute Aleksandar Trajkovski levelled with 13 minutes remaining.
Italy didn't have a shot on target after Chiellini's goal against a side outside of the top 100 in FIFA's rankings.
Italy reached 20 points from its nine qualifying matches, seven points in front of third-place Albania.
LOSING AGAIN
Defender Eytan Tibi scored his first international goal as Israel gave last-place Liechtenstein its ninth straight loss.
Liechtenstein has been outscored 35 to one in its nine qualifying matches.
It was the fourth win for Israel.
——
More AP World Cup coverage: http://www.apnews.com/tag/WorldCup
——
Tales Azzoni on Twitter: http://twitter.com/tazzoni
Name: Dennis Taylor
Age: 68
Famous, why? For beating world number one Steve Davis and winning the 1985 World Championship.
Biography: The Northern Irish former snooker player turned commentator became best-known for his oversized glasses in the 1970s and 80s, and at his peak was number two in the world. Nowadays he commentates on snooker for the BBC and appeared on the third series of Strictly Come Dancing
Dennis says: “I knew that snooker was invented in India but didn't realise where it was, and they [the BBC] didn't tell me they were taking me until we got there. And this room is still there with the actual table where they played the first game…Paul came with me. It was very emotional.
“I could see myself spending a few months there but I'd have to have my family with me. I couldn't retire there because of the heat, although I had four weeks and I wasn't ill once and I ate everything. Although the first meal I had when I got back was Indian. My 12-year-old son loves spicy food!”
Then... a 45 minute video of the 1985 re-match between Taylor and Davis
Now... Sharing his snooker memories with Davis, many years on
And here he is in those wonderful spectacles...
The Real Marigold Hotel begins on Wednesday at 9pm on BBC1
Mark Risner (left) and Roger Goodman (right) were in the truck. They face drug trafficking charges. (Source: LMDC)
Detective Bradley Woolridge returned fire on the suspects, killing one man and injuring another. (Source: LMPD)
Detective Darrell Hyche was shot in the face and head, but has been released from the hospital. (Source: LMPD)
The shooting was reported near Carey and Derby avenues, located off of Bardstown Road, around 1:50 p.m. Thursday, according to MetroSafe. (Source: WAVE 3 News)
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) - What led to a deadly traffic stop during a narcotics investigation, and who all was involved? Police answered these questions for the public one day after a deadly officer-involved shooting in Louisville.
No video footage of what happened is available, according to Louisville Metro Police Chief Steve Conrad. He said the officers involved were in plain clothes at the time of the shooting, so they were not wearing body cameras.
DOWNLOAD OUR APPS
+ News app: Apple | Android
+ Weather app: Apple | Android
An ongoing narcotics investigation led police to a white Chevrolet pickup truck on Derby Avenue near Carey Avenue, off Bardstown road, on Thursday afternoon. When they pulled over the truck, there were four people inside it, along with at least one gun and a large amount of meth.
There were multiple police units at the scene of the traffic stop. When officers approached the truck, police say someone inside opened fire.
Detective Darrell Hyche was seriously injured when a suspect shot him in the face and head. We learned the bullet that hit him went through his face, exiting his neck. He was rushed to the hospital and is expected to survive.
His partner, Detective Bradley Woolridge, returned fire, hitting two suspects in the truck. One man was killed, and another man was seriously injured and rushed to University Hospital where he remains in critical condition.
The other two suspects were taken into custody and charged with trafficking methamphetamine. Police say a large amount of meth was discovered in the truck at the time of the traffic stop.
Det. Woolridge is the only officer who fired his gun on the scene, according to police. He has been with LMPD since April 2001.
"Policing is a dangerous job that often requires a split-second decision that will be judged by others and scrutinized for a lifetime," Chief Conrad said.
He also said we should be thankful so many people are willing to risk their lives to protect our city.
Hyche has been released from the hospital, though he still has a long road to recovery ahead of him, according to police. He has been an officer with LMPD since May 2007.
RELATED STORIES
+ LMPD officer shot during narcotics investigation identified
+ Suspect killed during officer-involved shooting identified
+ LMPD officer shot during drug investigation; suspect killed
+ VIDEO: Aerial view of officer-involved shooting scene
+ Neighbor describes a declining neighborhood where LMPD officer was shot
LMPD's Public Integrity Unit is investigating the shooting and whether the officer's use of force was justified.
The suspect shot and killed by police was identified Friday as Alexander Simpson. Billy Ray Riggs, Jr. was the other suspect who was shot. His mugshot is not available, as he remains in the hospital.
Roger Goodman and Mark Risner were identified as the other men in the car. They were not hurt and were arrested for trafficking meth.
Both Goodman and Risner were arraigned Friday. Goodman is being held on a $50,000 cash bond. He is due in court Feb. 12. Risner is being held in LMDC, but his court information was not available.
Copyright 2018 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
Fido's Meaty Diet Is Destroying the Planet
Turns out that chow you're feeding Fido and Felix produces a pretty big carbon pawprint. In a study released Wednesday, a geography professor at UCLA calculated that the meat-based food Americans' dogs and cats eat -- and the waste those pets produce -- generate the equivalent of about 64 million tons of carbon dioxide a year.
That's as much as about 13.6 million cars driving for a year, says professor Gregory Okin in a paper published in the journal PLOS One.
Put another way: Dogs and cats are responsible for 25 to 30 percent of the environmental impact of meat consumption in the United States.
Livestock emit methane, which is the source of about 10 percent of all greenhouse gases. Previous studies have found that Americans' meat-heavy diet results in the release of 260 million tons of carbon dioxide -- the leading greenhouse gas -- through livestock production. Okin used similar estimates to calculate how much meat the nation's 163 million cats and dogs eat and its carbon equivalent.
Okin said he isn't suggesting Americans put their pets on a vegetarian diet, "which would be unhealthy." However, Okin -- who is allergic to dogs and cats but keeps two fish as pets -- said he wants pet owners to consider the climate impacts of pet ownership, particularly as many Americans switch their dogs and cats to high-protein premium foods.
"This was not a study to make anybody feel guilty," Okin said in an interview Wednesday. "I'm not saying people should go out and kill their animals or feed them something that isn't appropriate....It was a study just to figure out how big these numbers are, and the numbers are surprisingly large."
Frank Mitloehner, an animal science professor at UC Davis who specializes in livestock emissions, said the study shows that pets "clearly have an environmental footprint, and it is not a small one."
But he said almost all of the meat pets consume in their food comes from rendered livestock byproducts. Those are the nasty bits that meat processors would otherwise toss because people won't eat them.
"If this material wouldn't go into pet food than what would be the alternative use?" he said. "It would most likely be wasted."
Jennifer Fearing, a Sacramento lobbyist for the Humane Society of the United States, said the study shows that "everybody who's eating meat is contributing to global warming."
Fearing said her own dog, a shepherd mix, is doing well on a vegan diet, as did her previous dog, who died last year at age 15.
"He thrived on it," she said. "He was a remarkably healthy dog." She cited studies, including a 2009 report in the British Journal of Nutrition, showing dogs can do well on a meat-free diet.
However, many veterinarians warn against feeding dogs and cats a purely plant-based diet. Cats are especially prone to heart and eye problems if they don't get enough of a particular amino acid called taurine found in meat.
A 2015 study by the Journal of the American Veterinary Medical Association tested 24 types of dry and canned vegetarian pet foods and found that most weren't compliant with minimum labeling standards set by the pet-food industry. At least six of the foods tested were lacking in certain amino acids critical to pet health.
© 2017 Sacramento Bee under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: iStock.
HOUSTON - A car fire has shut down all lanes of the Katy Freeway westbound at Fry Road.
Houston TranStar says the accident involved six vehicles.
Copyright 2018 by KPRC Click2Houston - All rights reserved.
VANCOUVER — British Columbia's Liberals have turned to a former cabinet minister to lead the party as Andrew Wilkinson edged out former Conservative MP Dianne Watts in a leadership contest Saturday night.
Wilkinson won with just over 53 per cent support, while Watts had just under 47 per cent.
Watts led the contest after four rounds of voting.
Former transportation minister Todd Stone, one-time finance minister Mike de Jong and Liberal caucus members Sam Sullivan and Michael Lee were eliminated earlier in the evening.
An estimated 60,000 party members were eligible to vote online and by phone to replace Christy Clark, who resigned after the New Democrats formed a minority government last summer, ending the Liberals 16 years in power.
The party used a preferential ballot that allowed its members to rank the candidates, and points were awarded based on their support.
Watts, who is also a former mayor of Surrey, is the only candidate who is not part of the Liberal caucus in the legislature. She resigned her House of Commons seat to seek the party's leadership.
Wilkinson, Stone and de Jong were longtime members of Clark's cabinet. Sullivan, a former Vancouver mayor, was appointed to Clark's cabinet in her government's final weeks in power.
The B.C. Liberal party is not affiliated with the federal Liberals. It describes itself as “a made-in-B.C. free enterprise coalition” that includes members of the federal Conservative and Liberal parties.
Getting the party back to power after a lacklustre election campaign last May has been a focus of the leadership campaign.
There was finger-pointing in debates over who was to blame for the Liberal downfall, despite B.C. boasting the strongest economy in Canada.
Some candidates criticized the party's old guard for failing to address transportation, housing and social policy issues that led to losses in seat-rich Metro Vancouver, once a Liberal stronghold.
De Jong, the former finance minister, defended the Liberal record as he was criticized by many of the other candidates for his tight-fisted control of the province's purse strings, which some of his former cabinet colleagues said prevented programs aimed at easing financial pressures for people never made it off the drawing board.
A grandad who once got the better of Steve Cram in a race has reached a major running milestone – less than two years after suffering a heart attack.
Colin Reay, 56, decided to take up parkrun as part of his recovery from a heart attack in June 2015.
Colin Reay recently completed his 50th parkrun. Picture by Rob Wilson.
Mr Reay, who lives in Washington but is originally from Boldon Colliery, initially wanted to complete just one of the Saturday morning 5km events.
However, after being “bitten by the bug”, he has already completed 50 parkruns.
The father-of-two and grandad-of-three had been a runner in his younger years, and once beat future world star Cram in an 800m race at Gateshead Stadium.
As part of his rehab programme, running came back to the fore – and he has not looked back.
Once I got involved, I was bitten by the bug Colin Reay
Mr Reay said: “One of my targets was to try and complete just one park run, to prove to myself that I could still run at the age of 55.
“I aimed to do one park run and walk away from it and say, ‘at least I know I can do it'.
“The first one I did was a little bit of a disaster.
“I was laid up for nearly two weeks with my leg. I could hardly walk.
Colin Reay recently completed his 50th parkrun. Picture by Bill Houston.
“I decided to do it again because it didn't go so well, and the second one went a bit better. Once I got involved, I was bitten by the bug.
“Since that second one, I haven't missed a week.”
Before his heart attack, My Reay had maintained his fitness well, but decided to have a renewed drive on the road to recovery.
As well as taking up running again, he changed his diet and lost weight.
Mr Reay mainly runs the Chester-le-Street parkrun.
He has hailed the way the event has given him back his confidence – and helped him make legions of new friends.
He added: “There are so many people who take part in parkrun, including elite athletes and people who do it at a walking pace.
“I'm so involved now that I even volunteer, helping out the new runners and advising people about what the course is like.
“Being involved in parkrun has given me so much confidence to go out and run, and the camaraderie is fantastic.
“You make lots of friends and it's a great atmosphere.
“I had a lump in my throat when I was running my 50th, because of the support I've been given.”
To find out more about Park Run, and the event held closest to you, visit
Here are some of the deadliest mass murders in recent Canadian history:
April 23, 2018: A man drives a white van for about a mile along a crowded Toronto sidewalk, killing 10 people and seriously injuring at least 13 others. Police arrest suspect Alek Minassian. The motive remains unclear.
Jan. 29, 2017: Six people are killed and eight injured when a man goes on a shooting rampage at a Quebec City mosque. University student Alexandre Bissonnette, who had taken far-right political positions on social media, pleads guilty.
June 4, 2015: A man uses a semi-automatic rifle to fatally shoot three Royal Canadian Mounted Police officers and wound two others in Moncton, New Brunswick. It's the deadliest attack on the Royal Canadian Mounted Police since four officers were killed by a gunman in the western province of Alberta in 2005. That attack remains the deadliest on Canadian police officers in 120 years.
Dec. 29, 2014: In the worst mass shooting in Edmonton, a man suspected of domestic violence shoots and kills six adults and two young children in two different homes before killing himself in a restaurant where he worked.
April 5, 1996: Angered by his wife's divorce action, Mark Chahal kills her and eight other members of her family in Vernon, British Columbia, before shooting himself.
Sept. 18, 1992: A bomb kills nine strike-breaking workers at the Giant Yellowknife gold mine in the Northwest Territories.
Dec. 6, 1989: A man with a semi-automatic rifle storms into an engineering classroom at the Ecole Polytechnique in Montreal, asks men to leave and then kills 14 women before turning the gun on himself. Gunman Marc Lepine says he was “fighting against feminists” he blamed for his troubles.
Sept. 1, 1972: An arson attack on a downtown Montreal night club kills 37 people and injures 64. Gasoline was spread on the stairway of Blue Bird Cafe and then ignited. Most of the deaths occurred in the Wagon Wheel country-western bar upstairs. Three young men from Montreal who had earlier been denied entry for drunkenness were convicted and sentenced to life in prison.
——
Replaces 1996 entry to correct name of shooter to Mark Chahal.
AUSTIN, Texas — Fear escalated across Austin on Monday after the fourth bombing this month — this time, a blast that was triggered by a tripwire and demonstrated what police said was a “higher level of sophistication” than the package bombs used in the previous attacks.
Two men in their 20s were wounded Sunday night as they walked along a street and were hospitalized in stable condition. The three earlier bombings since March 2 left two people dead and two wounded.
“We are clearly dealing with what we believe to be a serial bomber at this point, based on the similarities between now what is the fourth device” and the previous ones, Police Chief Brian Manley said.
He said investigators have yet to establish a motive.
“Is this terrorism? Is this hate-related?” Manley asked. He said investigators will “have determined if we see a specific ideology behind this.”
He said the blast involved a tripwire, unlike the first three attacks, in which package bombs were left on people's doorsteps. That represents a “significant change,” in that the previous bombings appeared targeted, while the latest one would have hurt any random person walking by, Manley said.
The device this time entailed “a higher level of sophistication, a higher level of skill,” the chief said.
Authorities canvassed the area in search of anything suspicious, and residents were warned to remain indoors and to call 911 if they needed to leave their homes. Manley asked anyone with surveillance cameras at their homes to make the footage available in case suspicious vehicles or people could be seen.
Is this terrorism? Is this hate-related?
Sunday night's explosion happened in the southwestern Austin neighbourhood of Travis Country. That is far from the sites of the earlier bombings, which occurred over two-plus weeks in residential neighbourhoods east of Interstate 35.
The 22- and 23-year-old men injured this time are white, unlike the victims in the earlier blasts, who were black or Hispanic.
Manley warned people not to touch suspicious bags, boxes or backpacks, especially if they had wires protruding.
“We need people paying attention to suspicious objects,” the chief said.
Mayor Steve Adler said the latest explosion only further raised anxieties in the city.
“That concern is legitimate and real,” Adler said, adding that residents should also be reassured by the massive police response to the attacks. Hundreds of federal agents are investigating, along with Austin police.
“That anxiousness is going to continue until we can find the answer,” Adler said.
Spring break ends Monday for the University of Texas and many area school districts, meaning people who were out of town have returned home to heightened fears.
The university's campus police warned returning students to be wary and to tell their classmates about the danger, saying, “We must look out for one another.” None of the four attacks happened close to the campus near the heart of Austin.
Austin's school district announced that buses wouldn't be going into the Travis Country neighbourhood and that any “tardies or absences due to this situation will be excused.”
But concern spread well past the immediate blast site.
Andrew Zimmerman, 44, a coffee shop worker on the city's west side, said he's lived in Austin his entire life.
“This makes me sick,” Zimmerman said, noting the use of a tripwire adds a “new level” of suspected professionalism that makes it harder to guard against such attacks.
“That's what scares me a little bit,” he added.
Police said Sunday's victims were hospitalized with injuries that weren't life-threatening.
The latest explosion came hours after authorities raised the reward by $50,000 for information leading to the arrest of whoever is responsible for the first three explosions. It now totals $115,000.
The PGA's Dell Technologies Match Play tournament is scheduled to begin in Austin on Wednesday, and dozens of the world's top golfers are set to begin arriving the day before.
WebAssembly gets a boost with streaming compilation in the upcoming branch
A newly created branch of Google's V8 JavaScript engine promises to improve compilation of the WebAssembly portable code format via streaming compilation in V8's WebAssembly API. V8's Version 6.5 branch is now in beta but expected in the Chrome 65 Stable browser release in a few weeks.
V8 is a staple in both the Chrome browser and the Node.js JavaScript runtime. WebAsembly is also supported in Mozilla Firefox, Apple Safari, and Microsoft Edge, though those browsers do not use V8.
New features in V8 Version 6.5
In V8 Version 6.5's streaming compliation, WebAssembly modules are compiled while module bytes are still being downloaded. When all bytes of a single function have been downloaded, the function is passed to a background thread for compilation. As a result, WebAssembly compilation in Chrome 65 can maintain a 50Mbps download speed on high-end machines, Google says—meaning that if WebAssembly is downloaded at that speed, compilation finishes as soon as the download is done.
Other improvements planned for the 6.5 branch include:
An untrusted code mode, developed in response to a specualative side-channel Spectre attack. This mode is suitable for applications processing user-generated, untrusted code and is enabled by default.
A mechanism to detect and prevent a deoptimization loop. This loop occurs when optimized code deoptimizes and there is no way to find out what went wrong. V8 developers also have inlined many JavaScript builtins that had been excluded because of a side effect between the load of a function to call and the call itself.
Where to download the V8 Version 6.5 branch
You can download the V8 Version 6.5 branch from Google's Git repo.
From the factory, the Dodge//SRT Demon and Hellcat have set the domestic performance world on fire, and the folks at DiabloSport have taken it to the next level. Their CMR custom tuning that now supports both cars on their inTune i3 and Trinity 2 and is the first of its kind for these cars.
The untapped potential of both of these vehicles is a bit tricky to access. From 2015 and up, Dodge vehicles require their PCM to be unlocked in order to be custom tuned. DiabloSport offers a mail-in PCM program, with unlocked PCMs becoming available for purchase in mid-March. If you're looking to get your PCM unlocked, get in touch with DiabloSport at 866-404-6141
With the adjustable parameter count reaching over 1,000, the Demon and Hellcat tuning includes some of these engine and transmission control capability.
Engine:
Mutli-fuel control
Multi-spark control
Injection scaling
Neutral network override
Electronic exhaust valving override
ETC adjustment
Red and black key power adjustment control and valet mode.
Torque calculation control
Transmission:
Converter control
Slip adjustment
Torque limitation
Clutch, gear, and shift pressure controls
Shift points
Shaft speed limits.
For more info on DiabloSport's tuning and products head over to www.diablosport.com or follow them on Facebook at https://www.facebook.com/DiabloSport/
Okowa Assures NYSC Of Government Support To Address Challenges – Independent Newspapers Limited
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Africa - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
BROOKFIELD, Ohio (WYTV) – Brookfield police are investigating an armed robbery that happened in the township on Wednesday night.
At 11:19 p.m., officers were sent to the 8000 block of Addison Road for a reported armed robbery of an occupied home.
Police do not believe it was a random act. They're currently investigating the incident.
Those with information on the robbery are asked to call the police department at (330) 448-6960 or the crime tipline at (330) 969-1110.
By JANET MCCONNAUGHEY and JEFF AMYAssociated Press
NEW ORLEANS (AP) - The U.S. Gulf Coast braced Friday for a fast-moving blast of wind, heavy rain and rising water as deadly Tropical Storm Nate threatened to reach hurricane strength before a weekend landfall.
The National Hurricane Center issued hurricane and storm surge warnings for southeast Louisiana and the Mississippi and Alabama coasts. States of emergency were declared in all three states as Nate - which has already killed at least 21 people in Central America - became the latest in a succession of destructive storms this hurricane season.
Nate is forecast to dump 3 to 6 inches of rain on the region - with isolated totals of up to 12 inches. That much rain led authorities to warn of flash flooding and mudslides. By midafternoon Friday, Nate was moving at a speed of 21 mph (33 kph). Its center was located about 125 miles (200 kilometers) east-southeast of Cozumel, Mexico, and was expected to reach the U.S. late Saturday or early Sunday.
Evacuation orders were issued for some coastal communities, including the Louisiana towns of Jean Lafitte and Grand Isle.
Shelly Jambon, owner of Sureway Supermarket in Grand Isle, said she plans on riding out the storm at her store even though it's across the street from the beach. She bought it two years before Hurricane Katrina struck in 2005 and has weathered far more threatening storms than Nate.
"It's a mild one for us," she said. "Seventy to 80 mph winds? We get that in a winter storm."
The state mobilized 1,300 National Guard troops. Some were headed to New Orleans, where summer storms already have exposed problems with the city's fragile pumping system.
"We don't anticipate that this is going to cause a devastating impact to New Orleans or exceed the ability for the pumps," Gov. Jon Bel Edwards said Thursday.
Mississippi Gov. Phil Bryant declared a state of emergency in six southernmost counties. State officials, at a briefing Friday in Gulfport, warned that Nate's main danger in that state will be from up to 10 feet of storm surge in low-lying coastal areas, as well as from winds that could damage mobile homes.
"If you are in an area that has flooded, I would recommend you evacuate that area until the storm has ended and the water has receded for your own personal safety and for the safety of the first responders that will be responding in the event you are trapped," Bryant said.
The storm threatened to disrupt one of the Mississippi coast's biggest annual tourist events, the "Cruisin' the Coast" auto show. Biloxi firefighters warned more than 700 recreational vehicle campers that they may need to leave early. The event continued as normal Friday, but Saturday's events were cancelled, replaced by a brief closing ceremony.
Dozens of offshore oil and gas platforms and drilling rigs in the Gulf of Mexico have been evacuated as Nate churns through warm waters. Ingalls Shipbuilding, the Mississippi coast's largest industrial employer, announced Friday that only a skeleton crew of necessary employees would work Saturday and Sunday at the Pascagoula shipyard.
The northern Gulf Coast areas targeted by Nate largely have been spared the worst effects of a catastrophic hurricane season, but Louisiana's emergency declaration for Nate isn't its first since the start of the summer. In August, a weakened Hurricane Harvey made landfall in Louisiana after dealing a devastating blow to Texas and then nudging back into the Gulf of Mexico. Edwards also issued an emergency declaration in August for storm-related flooding in New Orleans.
On Alabama's Dauphin Island, owners hauled boats out of the water ahead of the storm's approach. Tourists canceled beach reservations for the weekend. The major concern was that Nate's storm surge was projected to coincide with high tide.
Mississippi Emergency Management Agency Director Lee Smithson expressed confidence that the federal government would be able to provide help to Mississippi even as the Federal Emergency Management Agency continues to respond to previous hurricanes in Texas, Florida, Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands.
Bryant authorized the use of the Mississippi National Guard to respond to any damage. Officials said they would open 11 evacuation shelters in areas away from the immediate coast, and that the regional bus system could transport people who can't drive to shelters on their own.
"This is a fast-moving storm," Smithson said.
___
Jeff Amy reported from Jackson, Miss. Melinda Deslatte and Mike Kunzelman in Baton Rouge and Kim Chandler in Montgomery, Ala., contributed to this story.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Along with bi-weekly log inspiration, you'll get 2 FREE GUIDES, Log and Timber Home Living: Getting Started + 25 Tips To Small Home Success
GET THEM NOW
No Thanks, I've already got log homes covered.
NEW YORK (AP) — Just a week after scientists reported evidence that our species left Africa earlier than we thought, another discovery is suggesting the date might be pushed back further.
Homo sapiens arose in Africa at least 300,000 years ago and left to colonize the globe. Scientists think there were several dispersals from Africa, not all equally successful. Last week's report of a human jaw showed some members of our species had reached Israel by 177,000 to 194,000 years ago.
Now comes a discovery in India of stone tools, showing a style that has been associated elsewhere with our species. They were fashioned from 385,000 years ago to 172,000 years ago, showing evidence of continuity and development over that time. That starting point is a lot earlier than scientists generally think Homo sapiens left Africa.
This tool style has also been attributed to Neanderthals and possibly other species. So it's impossible to say whether the tools were made by Homo sapiens or some evolutionary cousin, say researchers who reported the finding Wednesday in the journal Nature .
"We are very cautious on this point" because no human fossils were found with the tools, several authors added in a statement.
It's not clear how much the tool development reflects arrival of populations or ideas from outside India, versus being more of a local development, said one author, Shanti Pappu of the Sharma Centre for Heritage Education in Chennai, India.
The tool-making style was a change from older stone tools found at the site, featuring a shift to smaller flakes, for example.
Michael Petraglia, an archaeologist who specializes in human evolution in Asia but didn't participate in the work, said he did not think the tools show that our species had left Africa so long ago.
"I simply don't buy it," said Petraglia of the Max Planck Institute for the Science of Human History in Jena, Germany.
Instead, he said, he believes one of our evolutionary cousins in India developed the tool style independently of outside influence. The tools at the site northwest of Chennai in southeastern India are closely related to the older tool-making style there and seem to represent a transition, he said.
The idea that they reflect knowledge brought in from elsewhere would be tough to prove in India, he said. The country has few well-studied archaeological sites and only one fossil find from this period, from a forerunner of Homo sapiens that was associated with the earlier style of tool-making, Petraglia said.
___
Follow Malcolm Ritter at @MalcolmRitter . His recent work can be found here.
How the Alakijas shook UK with N2b wedding
It was a breathtaking wedding party, as Folarin, son of Chief Folorunso Alakija, got married to his Iranian beauty, Nazanin Jafarian Ghaissarifar, in a lavish ceremony estimated to have cost around five million pounds; about N2billion. The wedding held at Blenheim Palace in Oxfordshire over the weekend in the UK. The groom, a father-of-one, who …
The post How the Alakijas shook UK with N2b wedding appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA.
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
2017: Obaseki assures Edo poeple of speedy economic recovery
Jethro Ibileke/Benin Edo state Governor, Mr. Godwin Obaseki, has assured the people of the state of a quick economic recovery in 2017. Obaseki who gave the assurance in his new year broadcast, said he would never betray the confidence reposed in him by the people who elected him governor on September 28, 2016.
This post was syndicated from The NEWS. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
A win for farmworkers
After a year of discussions with farmworker advocates CAUSE (Central Coast Alliance United for a Sustainable Economy) and MICOP (Mixteco/Indígena Community Organizing Project) and local ag companies Reiter Affiliated Companies, Andrew & Williamson Fresh Produce and Brokaw Nursery, the Ventura County Board of Supervisors approved, 3-2, on Tuesday, June 6, the Ventura County Farmworker Resource Program. Supervisors Steve Bennett, District 1; Linda Parks, District 2; and John Zaragoza, District 5, voted in favor; Supervisors Kelly Long, District 3, and Peter Foy, District 4, opposed it. Several local growers and local organizations supported the initiative as well. The board will allocate up to $200,000 to fund the program next fiscal year.
“This was the result of a coalition built over the last two years to advocate for improved labor conditions for farmworkers that began with CAUSE research surveying hundreds of local farmworkers finding far too many of our community members facing wage theft, extreme overwork, and health and safety risks,” said Lucas Zucker, policy and communications director of CAUSE. “At the same time, the agricultural industry is facing a severe labor shortage due to declining immigration resulting from harsher federal enforcement and long-term economic and demographic changes in Mexico.”
According to Zucker, the program will provide outreach and education to the estimated 20,000 to 30,000 farmworkers in Ventura County about their legal protections, help them to direct informal resolution of issues with their employers, such as missing wages or safety risks, and assist them in navigating the complex maze of administrative agencies to file complaints.
Can't work out what to watch on Netflix UK? Not sure what's new to the service or where to find the best box sets on Netflix?
Well, hopefully this updated guide to the best TV shows available right now should be a good start.
From top Netflix original series like Stranger Things and House of Cards, great British dramas like Sherlock, Doctor Who and Peaky Blinders to brilliant US and UK comedy, here are the best TV shows to watch on Netflix right now.
And if you still can't work out what to watch, why not check out our guide to the Top 50 Netflix movies available now?
There's a reason why everyone's talking about it; this brilliantly scary horror series following four normal 1980s kids and one telekinetic super-girl is packed with heart. And an inter-dimensional monster that walks through walls. Oh, and an unmissable soundtrack too. Just watch it.
This Cillian Murphy-starring crime epic has won acclaim all over the world, with everyone from Tom Cruise to the late David Bowie singing its praises. That's quite a broad fanbase, but the Brummie-based 1920s gang series really does have something for everyone. Sharp suits, sharper razor blades, and performances that cut through all the usual bingewatching dross.
The series follows naïve, middle-class Piper Kerman (Taylor Schilling) as she embarked on a 15-month sentence. With its brilliant ensemble cast of strong, funny and racially diverse women, the four seasons of Orange contradict every "women behind bars" stereotype.
Three series in, Line of Duty continues to deliver shocks and superb performances in equal measure. It all began here as when a charismatic cop (Lennie James) found himself under investigation by anti-corruption officers. New investigations come every series, with the threads all coming together at the climax of series three. Unmissable British crime.
Gavin & Stacey co-creator and Late Late Show host James Corden proves he still has a gift for narrative comedy alongside breakout star Mathew Baynton. The Wrong Mans isn't a sitcom but a full-on comedy thriller, in which Corden and Baynton play humble losers wrapped up in a criminal/espionage conspiracy.
PORTLAND, Texas - There was lots of excitement at the Gregory-Portland baseball complex in Portland, Texas Thursday afternoon, but there wasn't a game.
One player had a chance to step into the record books because of his feet 15-year-old Hunter Harrison is a freshman at G-P High School. He stands at about 6 feet, 3 inches, and those apply to him from head to toe.
"I have a size 18 shoe," Harrison said.
That may secure him a spot in the Guinness Book of World Records. The current record is 32.95 centimeters. On Thursday at the G-P Softball & Baseball Complex, Hunter's feet officially measured at 33.1 centimeters.
Read more from KRIS.
Copyright 2018 by KPRC Click2Houston - All rights reserved.
St. Joseph defeated host Stamford High, 3-0 (25-22, 25-19, 25-21) in an FCIAC girls volleyball game on Friday.
Bridget Fatse had 16 kills and a pair of aces for the winning Cadets, now 12-1 overall and 9-0 in the FCIAC.
Christina Crocco (7 kills, 7 blocks) and Hannah Hutchison (12 digs, 2 aces) helped defeat the Black Knights (5-6, 4-5 FCIAC).
COLUMBIA, Mo. — When new Missouri coach Cuonzo Martin overhauled the roster in the off-season with a top-five recruiting class, it appeared from the outside that feisty but offensively challenged junior guard Jordan Geist could be an odd man out.
As it turned out, Geist was just Martin's type. And in Saturday night's 100-77 victory over Green Bay, he was an offensive machine.
Geist, a reserve guard who entered the game averaging 5.2 points, scored 28, exceeding his previous career high by 10. He made 11 of 14 shots from the field and 5 of 8 from 3-point range.
“He embraces challenges,” Martin said. “He's battle-tested. He likes to compete. . He likes to wrestle out there now and then. I'd rather have that than not.”
Geist shot 29 per cent from 3-point range last year. This year, he's making 48 per cent of his 3-pointers. He credits a summer of shooting for the improvement.
“That was one of my main focuses, just so people couldn't just back off me,” Geist said. “I prided myself on that this summer.”
But 3-point shooting was only part of his big night. He regularly blew past his defenders and got to the rim. He even dunked — sort of, as the ball got a bit of the rim — on a breakaway after a steal.
Geist declared it was indeed a dunk.
“I'll give it to him,” said teammate Jordan Barnett, who scored 19 points. “It's arguable, but I'll give it to him.”
Green Bay (3-5), led by the hot outside shooting of forward David Jesperson, hit five of its first seven shots and opened a 13-4 lead.
Missouri's Kevin Puryear tied it at 21 with a driving layup with 11:30 left in the first half, and Barnett's 3-pointer gave the Tigers a 29-21 lead a few minutes later. It only got worse for the Phoenix, who couldn't stop penetration by Missouri's guards. Missouri led 60-40 at halftime.
Turnovers have been a problem for the Tigers (8-2) early in the season — they averaged 15.3 through the first nine games — but they only had eight against Green Bay. Missouri's Jeremiah Tilmon finished with 12 points and 11 rebounds, and Jontay Porter added 12 points and eight rebounds. Walk-on Adam Wolf, a fan favourite, got the Tigers to the 100-point mark with a 3-pointer in the final minute.
Jesperson made 5 of 6 3-pointers and led the Phoenix with 17 points. Khalil Small added 12, Will Chevalier scored 11 and Hunter Crist finished with 10.
BIG PICTURE
Green Bay: Saturday's game was a reunion for Phoenix coach Linc Darner. He was a teammate of Missouri coach Cuonzo Martin at Purdue from 1992-95. Darner scored 437 career points for the Boilermakers, while Martin racked up 1,666 career points.
Missouri: Coach Martin announced Friday that freshman C.J. Roberts plans to transfer. Roberts, 6-foot point guard from Irving, Texas, was expected to redshirt this season. The Tigers usually play three point guards, and none of them are seniors, so prospects for future playing time were cloudy. “We wish him nothing but the best, and we will assist him in any way possible,” Martin said.
FIERCE FRESHMAN
Tilmon, a 6-10, 252-pound freshman, has been a force inside except when foul trouble limits his minutes. Against Green Bay, he played physically but didn't commit the silly fouls that have been a problem early in the year.
“He was what we needed him to be, unstoppable on the glass,” Barnett said. “He had seven offensive rebounds. That says a lot. He did his job. He's getting better, especially at staying out of foul trouble. We need that from him.”
DOUBLE TECHNICAL
With less than nine minutes left in the game, some bumping between Green Bay's Trevian Bell and Puryear on one end of the floor escalated into shoving on the other. Both players were assessed technical fouls. Puryear, who did not appear to be the instigator, was disqualified because he already had four personal fouls. He finished with just four points.
UP NEXT
Green Bay: The Phoenix will visit Indiana State (4-5) on Tuesday.
Missouri: The Tigers have the week off for final exams and return to court Saturday with a home game against North Florida (3-7).
The Trump administration has begun the process of rolling back tough fuel standards for America's car and light truck fleet.
The Environmental Protection Agency and the Transportation Department have opened the public comment period on the rewriting of standards for greenhouse gas emissions for cars and light trucks for model years 2022-2025.
"We are moving forward with an open and robust review of emissions standards, consistent with the timeframe provided in our regulations," EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt said Friday. The 45-day period allows for the public to comment about regulations before proposed changes.
Corporate Average Fuel Economy rules were first put into place after the OPEC oil crisis in the 1970s. During the Obama administration, the CAFE rules were toughened in the wake of the financial crisis and the car company bankruptcies. The new standards called for an increased reliance on electric vehicles.
Low gas prices and sluggish sales of alternative fuel vehicles have made meeting those standards tough, especially for those companies more reliant on larger vehicles. Earlier this year, the EPA announced it would reconsider a decision late in the Obama administration to make the rules permanent.
The auto industry has hailed the decision to reopen the fuel standards. With the announcement, Mitch Bainwol, president and CEO of the Auto Alliance, a group of auto manufacturers, says, "the Administration is fulfilling its commitment to reinstate the midterm evaluation of future vehicle fuel economy and greenhouse gas standards."
Environmental and consumer advocacy groups decried the move. "By reopening the midterm evaluation, EPA is bringing back questions that have already been asked and answered," said Consumers Union, the policy arm of Consumer Reports.
Shannon Baker-Branstetter with Consumer's Union says her organization's studies show people want to save money on gas. According to a recent survey, 90 percent of Americans want automakers to raise fuel efficiency. Baker-Branstetter says adds "In fact, consumers are especially concerned about the fuel efficiency of the crossovers and SUVs they've been gravitating toward in recent years."
"What kind of changes may or may not be introduced is far from clear", says Stephanie Brinley, senior automotive analyst, IHS Markit. The agencies are expected to expand the data used to make the determination, specifically taking into consideration consumer behavior, she says.
The public comment period allows the car companies and others to lobby to keep or make changes.
"Pressures from other government requirements and consumer interest in reducing fuel emissions are expected to continue to be aggressive," Brinley says.
Even if the U.S. scales back, she says, the movement toward higher standards will likely continue in other countries. Already this year, several countries said they would ban the sale of gasoline vehicles altogether within decades. Many analysts believe that rolling back fuel standards could jeopardize the near term future for electric vehicles.
BOSTON (AP) - A purported psychic who charged an elderly Massachusetts woman more than $3.5 million for exorcisms and "spiritual cleansing" has pleaded guilty to evading taxes.
Federal prosecutors say 41-year-old Sally Ann Johnson of south Florida ran businesses that claimed to offer "psychic readings" and "spiritual cleansing and strengthening."
Between 2007 and 2014, prosecutors say a Martha's Vineyard woman paid Johnson more than $3.5 million for services that claimed to rid the woman of demons.
Prosecutors say Johnson didn't report the income and tried to hide the money so she wouldn't have to pay taxes on it.
Johnson pleaded guilty in the federal court in Boston Thursday and has agreed to repay the woman. She's expected to be sentenced in January.
Johnson's attorney declined to comment.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
A GYMPIE hairdresser was shocked to be given written orders this week by a local school on how to cut the hair of its students.
Streetwise Hair owner Lorraine Carter said the 'Dear Hairdresser' letter arrived in the post on Monday stringently outlining the school's acceptable hairstyles that do not include: hair below the eyebrows, girls to have more than two plaits and boys' hair clipped below a number 3.
Clips, bands and ribbons are also for functional purposes 'not merely decorative.'
"When I opened the letter I got the shock of my life," the experienced hairdresser said.
"I've been a hairdresser for 35 years and I've never seen anything like it.
"The way the letter was written it is stipulating exactly what the child's haircut needs to be like."
A Gympie hairdresser was shocked to receive this letter from a local school. Contributed
The school had opened with contents of the letter as 'being helpful' to the business.
"From time to time we have students arrive at school with a haircut that falls outside our hairstyle policy which can be problematic for parents and students," the letter said.
"By being aware of our requirements then you may be able to assist your clients in selecting a suitable cut/style, or at least notify them that their choice may cause an issue at school."
Mrs Carter said the school's directive had put her in an extremely awkward position with her clients.
"I feel that it's up to the parents as to how a haircut goes - they're actually paying for the haircut not the school.
"It was very to the point."
She also believes the strict rules are squashing a child's way of expressing themselves.
"I think for children it's their way of expressing their individuality. If their parents don't have a problem, why should they (the school)."
The full guidelines, that were included in the letter sent to at least two Gympie hairdressing businesses, are outlined below:
TORONTO — Security ministers from the G7 countries are discussing how to fight the threats lurking in the internet's dark spaces against the backdrop of a city reeling from Monday's deadly daylight van attack.
Public Safety Minister Ralph Goodale was peppered with questions and offers of assistance from his G7 counterparts after Monday's tragedy, in which a rental van barrelled through a crowd of people on a north Toronto sidewalk, killing 10 pedestrians and injuring 15.
A major focus of the final day of the G7 ministerial meeting in Toronto was addressing violent extremism and preventing the internet from being used as a tool for training, propaganda and financing.
“It's the insidiousness of the messaging on the web,” Goodale said in an interview ahead of Tuesday's talks.
“That's something that all ministers worry about.”
The one question that would always bother me is: is there anything we're missing?
Goodale and his fellow G7 leaders will be calling on major internet service providers that are also at this meeting — Google, Facebook, Twitter and Microsoft — to do more to prevent their platforms from being exploited.
Goodale said the service providers realize the need to co-operate, and will be discussing options with the G7 ministers. He said they will be urging service providers “to be quick and proficient, and quick and persistent in making sure their various services are not any kind of platform for terrorist material or terrorist activity.”
“You do not want your platform to be known as a safe harbour for terror or sexual exploitation or human trafficking or political interference.”
In Tuesday's opening remarks, Goodale said cybertechnology has become “a disruptive force” with the potential to harm critical infrastructure “and the power to more easily conceal identities.”
In the interview, Goodale offered some insight into the closed-door discussion he planned to lead with his counterparts.
“The one question that would always bother me is: is there anything we're missing?” he said.
“You're looking for the holes. When you're dealing with this technology and you get into the deep, dark web, how much of it is encrypted, how much of it is inaccessible, how much of it is beyond technical capacity to crack into.”
But there are thorny ethical issues at the heart of that discussion, the minister cautioned.
Goodale cited the recent controversy that has placed Facebook at the heart of a major scandal over the inappropriate use of its data in the United Kingdom's Brexit campaign and Donald Trump's successful U.S. presidential bid.
“The latest controversy about Facebook actually puts this whole set of issues in stark relief,” he said.
“On one side, everyone is agreed that we need to collaborate and fight hard to combat child pornography, human trafficking, political interference and terrorist content on the web.
On the other hand, he said the recent Facebook controversy placed privacy concerns front and centre.
The ministers also discussed how to guard against ongoing domestic threats. Though nothing has emerged so far to link Monday's events in Toronto to extremism, the use of a vehicle as a weapon against pedestrians is something that Goodale's British, French, American and German counterparts are all too familiar with.
Goodale reiterated that no motive for Monday's van attack has been found to link it to a national security threat, but he said the Toronto police investigation remains in its early stages.
“We've witnessed brutal terror attacks on our own home soil, and attacks on our democracies through foreign interference during elections,” Goodale told his fellow ministers Tuesday.
“These tests to our collective security demand our constant collaboration through the G7.”
Multiple units were called to a fire in Oregon near the Toledo border on Saturday afternoon.
The fire started around 3:15 p.m. at a single-family home on Groll St.
The family was home at the time of the fire but everyone was able to get out safely.
The home suffered minor damage from smoke.
The cause remains under investigation.
The Red Cross is assisting the family.
Follow WTOL:
Download our app here.
Copyright 2018 WTOL. All rights reserved.
Crown/Māori Relations Minister Kelvin Davis will be holding hui across the country as part of rejuvenating the relationship between the Government and Māori.
Hui will include improving the way government departments respond to Māori issues, ensuring Treaty settlement obligations are honoured and finding new and different opportunities for more active partnership between the Crown and Māori.
The first public hui will be held in Kaitaia in early April.
Reporter Talisa Kupenga will have more information later today on Te Kāea.
PARIS — Baby milk maker Lactalis and French authorities have ordered a global recall of millions of products over fears of salmonella bacteria contamination.
The French company, one of the world's largest dairy groups, said it was warned by health authorities in France that 26 infants have become sick since Dec. 1.
According to a list published on the French health ministry's website, the recall affects customers in countries around the world, including: Britain and Greece in Europe, Morocco and Sudan in Africa, Peru and Colombia in South America and Pakistan, Bangladesh and China in Asia. The United States, a major market for Lactalis, is not affected.
Company spokesman Michel Nalet told The Associated Press on Monday that the “precautionary” recall involves “several million” products made since mid-February.
Lactalis said in a statement that the 26 cases of infection were linked to products branded Picot SL, Pepti Junior 1, Milumel Bio 1 and Picot Riz.
It said it is “sincerely sorry for the concern generated by the situation and expresses its compassion and support to the families whose children fell ill.”
The symptoms of salmonella infection include abdominal cramps, diarrhea and fever. Most people recover without treatment.
The company said a possible source of the outbreak has been identified in a tower used to dry out the milk at a production site. Disinfection and cleaning measures have been put in place at the suspected site in western France.
The health scare started earlier this month when Lactalis was told that 20 infants under six months of age had been diagnosed with salmonella infection. The company ordered a first recall that has been extended to more products at the request of French authorities following new reports of infections.
Lactalis is a privately held company headquartered in Laval, western France. It has 75,000 employees in 85 countries and annual revenues of about 17 billion euros ($20 billion). Its other notable brands include President and Galbani cheeses and Parmalat milk.
A state wildlife officer has euthanized two aggressive male turkeys that have been harassing postal carriers in a Cleveland suburb.
The Plain Dealer reports the Ohio Division of Wildlife decided it was time to take action after one of its officers watched a young male called a "jake" approach a woman in Rocky River and begin pecking on her pant legs.
The two jakes were euthanized Friday. Non-aggressive hens in the rafter that have been hanging around the neighborhood wandered off.
A Division of Wildlife spokesman says the attack on the woman convinced the officer "the situation needed to be alleviated."
Joggers in the nearby Rocky River Reservation also had reported being harassed.
The Division of Wildlife offered the jakes' carcasses to an animal rehabilitation center to feed its raptors.
Information from: The Plain Dealer, http://www.cleveland.com
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
JOHNSON CITY, TN (WJHL) – On Tuesday, three area attorneys general — Barry Staubus, Tony Clark and Dan Armstrong — announced a joint lawsuit against a prescription drug manufacturer, filing it on behalf of a local baby was born exposed to drugs.
The lawsuit seeks damages for what it calls breaches of statutory and common law, restitution to the plaintiffs, and an injunction to stop what it calls “the flood of opioids to the region.”
A day later, the company – Purdue Pharma L.P. denies the allegations, but said they are dedicated to finding a solution to what they referred to as a “public health crisis.”
The following is a statement from Purdue Pharma:
While we vigorously deny the allegations in the complaint, we share public officials' concerns about the opioid crisis and we are committed to working collaboratively to find solutions. At Purdue, we have dedicated ourselves to working with policymakers, public health officials and law enforcement to address this public health crisis, which include developing abuse-deterrent technology, advocating for the use of prescription drug monitoring programs and supporting access to Naloxone. Addiction and drug abuse are multi-faceted problems that require multi-faceted solutions. Pointing fingers will not solve the problem, nor will it help those who are suffering. We urge all stakeholders to seize the opportunity to work together so that collectively we can address this crisis.”
Copyright 2017 WJHL. All rights reserved.
WASHINGTON — RJ Cole scored 24 points with five rebounds and eight assists and Howard beat Florida A&M 83-80 in overtime on Saturday.
The Bison (7-17, 4-4 MEAC) led all overtime and a Dalique Mingo layup and two free throws by Charles Williams helped them take an 80-74 edge. FAMU's Desmond Williams cut it to 82-80 from the line with 29 seconds to go but Justin Ravenel missed a 3-pointer in the final seconds.
Charles Williams added 22 points and five rebounds for the Bison who are on a four-game win streak. Mingo had 12 points and six rebounds.
After a back-and-forth first half, 3-pointers by Cole and Charles Williams gave Howard a 56-49 lead with 11:21 to go in regulation. FAMU fought back, outscoring the Bison 12-2 in the final 5:25, and a Desmond Williams layup tied the game 74-all. Cole, Charles Williams and Mingo missed four shots in the final 18 seconds, forcing the overtime.
Desmond Williams led the Rattlers (4-21, 3-6) with 33 points and 13 rebounds.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
The federal government says the Canadian public broadly supports the tight regulations it has proposed for marijuana packaging, which will include a bright red stop sign emblazoned with a pot leaf and the letters THC.
Health Canada unveiled the results Monday of a 60-day consultation around its proposed regulations, in which it emphasized a focus on reducing the appeal of marijuana to youth and preventing accidental consumption.
The proposed regulations would require logos to be a single colour, with no metallic or fluorescent finishes. Packages would have to be opaque and child-resistant, with a bright yellow health warning similar to those used on tobacco products.
“We are taking a public health approach to legalizing and regulating cannabis, and we are committed to keeping cannabis out of the hands of children and youth,” Health Minister Ginette Petitpas Taylor said in a statement.
“Measures such as the packaging and labelling requirements announced today will help to achieve this goal.”
READ MORE: Legal marijuana won't hit shelves before August
Packaging would also have to describe how much active ingredient is contained in the product, including THC and cannabidiol.
Cannabis legislation is currently before Parliament and none of the regulations are final until approved by legislators. Once approved, the restrictions will apply immediately to recreational marijuana, while a Health Canada official says medical marijuana packaging will be granted a six-month window to comply.
The consultation received more than 3,200 online submissions and 450 written responses, as well as input from health and law enforcement experts, governments, patient advocates and industry representatives.
Health Canada also proposed two new categories of small-scale producers — micro-cultivators and micro-processors — where lower-level security requirements would apply to businesses that grow or process smaller amounts of marijuana.
Micro-cultivators would be allowed to grow marijuana with a plant canopy of 200 square metres, which Health Canada described as equivalent to half the space between the blue lines on a standard Canadian hockey rink.
Legislation to legalize recreational marijuana is currently before the Senate, with the federal government hoping to see it passed and given royal assent by early July.
Geordon Omand, The Canadian Press
Nigerians question #BBNaija winner Efe's rap game
By Emmanuel Okogba
Nigerians didn't let Big Brother Naija winner, Efe Ejeba off lightly after his performance at the AY Live Show that held on Easter Sunday.
According to reactions on social media, Efe who became N25million richer a week ago should forget about rap and look for something better.
Prior to his participation in the Reality TV show, he had released an album titled “Lagos” which a section also described as “wack”.
He performed a track “Halleluyah” at the show which was attended by other housemates off the album and this was received with mixed reactions from Nigerians. While some suggested he forget about music in its entirety, others felt voice and other training will do him a world of good.
Watch Efe perform at AY Live
The post Nigerians question #BBNaija winner Efe's rap game appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Like it or not, continuous transformation is your new normal! iMind Transformation presents the first Canadian conference on business transformation that focuses on what it takes to adapt to emerging Millennium Age conditions: Business Transformation and the Millennium Age.
Tech companies, government organizations, and businesses confront unprecedented, universal and globally pervasive conditions in their work to shed Industrial Age thinking and methods and become Millennium-savvy businesses through the gateway that the Information Age has provided.
The way in which companies face the challenge of altering their value and belief systems toward a millennial mindset influences their success in attracting and retaining talent, retaining and growing market share, sustaining high value strategic partnerships and most of all, continuing to be relevant to their consumers. This conference sheds light on the profound adaptations needed heading into the Millennium Age and delivers ground-breaking new approaches that leverage business transformation success.
The knowledge, technique, and tools explored during the conference offer businesses that are struggling to adapt to millennial conditions their next move. These are practical, measurable ways to mobilize and then realize transformation with speed and cost efficiency.
Leading the conference is Dr. Linda Miller, one of a few professionals in North America who have mastered the technology and human aspects of business. With an impressive set of credentials ranging from a plethora of initiative management certifications to a PhD in spiritual psychology, and over 30 years implementing leading edge technology, Dr. Miller is uniquely positioned to advise on the intersection of technology and societal change. A grass-roots IT person, Dr. Miller has made a cause of humanizing how technology is brought to and absorbed by people.
“When I first started in in IT, my goal was to empower people and level the socio-economic playing field – and now, 35 years later, I want to bring about a pursuit-of-purpose work environment where the unique abilities of individuals surface at the time they are needed to solve problems and move the organization forward.” Dr. Linda Miller
Dr. Miller goes on to express that without the use of information technology, the knowledge worker's capability and capacity and perhaps much of their expensive formal education goes unused. And if a hallmark of the Millennium Age is to consume previously unused capacity to deliver service and value, then adaptation to all forms of information technology in the workplace needs to be job-one.
The conference program is underpinned by the notion that creating a culture of appreciation, forward focus, genuineness and ingenuity is critical, but can't be sustained without technology as the enabler. However, when people aren't able to consume and apply all the technology available in the workplace, there is insufficient speed and connectedness to support this culture staying intact over the timeframe when the organization is still highly siloed and hierarchical.
If participants take one key learning away from the conference, it is how to create transformation into a millennial-savvy business and the major shifts in value and belief system that demands while deconstructing the Industrial Age norms and thinking.
Participants in Dr. Miller's courses and conferences range from project and program managers, business analysis and change management professionals to directors and VPs who sponsor and lead transformation initiatives, to OD&D and LD professionals and marketing managers and specialists. Field operations leaders are also keen participants.
“With this level of cross-discipline participation, connections are made across and between methods and practices. Questions are answered and gaps are closed in a very real way that participants bring back and apply immediately in their day-to-day work.” Dr. Linda Miller
The Business Transformation and the Millennium Age conference in Winnipeg is a collection of local and global experts in emerging millennial business practices. While Dr. Miller anchors the program with enlightening yet pragmatic education on exactly what the industrial age to millennium age shifts are, and tools to get them accomplished, a presentation on mindfulness in the workplace and a presentation by Skype from a prominent UK digital and millennial marketing expert round out the program adding depth and breadth for the ticket price.
One session of particular notice that promises to be engaging and valuable is an audience led ‘wisdom exchange' where one or more panels of audience experts field questions and problems posed by the other audience members. “This kind of wisdom exchange is quintessentially ‘millennial',” says Dr. Miller.
So expect to have your thinking challenged and to be uncomfortable with some of the concepts presented while all the while being entertained and inspired. You won't be the same after this conference experience!
Tickets are $330 available on Eventbrite. Discounts are available for members of PMI, ACMP, IIBA, and CMC at the time of purchase. And 2 per cent of sales go to charitable organizations close to the hearts of the speakers in lieu of compensation.
This story was provided by iMind Transformation for commercial purposes
Washington, D.C. — Last Saturday, Congresswoman Aumua Amata was pleased to give remarks at the Change of Command Ceremony transferring command of the “Hitmen” Company of the 100th Battalion, 442nd Infantry Regiment, to Captain Afu Lefaoseu III. He is from Pago Pago, and is another of our own making American Samoa proud.
“Congratulations to Captain Afu Lefaoseu as he takes command of this company, and continues the tremendous heritage of the famous 442nd Infantry,” said Aumua Amata.
“It was a real pleasure to be there, and say a few words. Captain Lefaoseu is one of our own. He'll continue to make us proud, and we're proud of everyone from our islands that chooses this honorable profession,” she said.
Under the leadership of Lieutenant Colonel Matthew L. Cloud, on January 27, 2018, the Change of Command from Captain Vancamp J. Popese to Captain Lefaoseu was held at Fort Shafter Flats Parade Field, Honolulu, Hawai'i.
Captain Lefaoseu and the “Hitmen” company is part of a great tradition.
In the entire history of the U.S. military, the 442nd Infantry Regiment, known for its motto “Go for Broke,” became the most decorated American unit for its size and length of service in World War II. At the time, the U.S. regiment comprised Japanese Americans, and they were involved in heavy fighting in 1944 in Europe. In all, out of 18,000 soldiers, the regiment earned 9,486 Purple Hearts, 21 Medals of Honor and seven presidential unit citations. Since World War II, they've continued serving admirably.
“Speaking to soldiers and attending military events like this are among the most meaningful moments I experience as a Member of Congress – because of what their service means to this great country,” continued Congresswoman Amata.
“To each of you serving, we're thinking of you all, and we deeply appreciate what you're doing for all of us, ” she concluded.
Amara's father, the late former Governor Tali Peter T. Coleman served in the 100th Battalion 442nd Infantry and she was especially delighted to take part in the Change of Command Ceremony.
ST. LOUIS (AP) — Charles Cooke scored 18 points and Dayton cruised to an 85-63 victory over Saint Louis on Tuesday night for its fifth straight win.
The Flyers (20-5, 11-2 Atlantic 10) have won eight of their last nine games, and remain tied with VCU atop the conference standings. Saint Louis (9-17, 4-9) has lost two of its last three.
Cooke was 7 of 9 from the floor and made four 3-pointers. Josh Cunningham had 12 points and Scoochie Smith added 10 points and five assists for Dayton, which shot 57 percent from the field (28 of 49) and 50 percent from long range.
Davell Roby scored 18 points to lead Saint Louis.
Dayton opened on an 18-4 run and led 41-17 at halftime. The Flyers shot 61 percent (14 of 23) in the first half while the Billikens shot just 7 of 28 from the field (25 percent) and committed eight turnovers. Dayton stretched its lead to 36 points with 11:47 remaining.
Comments
comments
Paramore's After Laughter is one of the best albums of the year, but it also harbors an uncomfortable truth, which is that it has not carried through the mainstream pop success of its predecessor, the band's 2013 self-titled album. This is despite After Laughter being Paramore's most pop album yet—lead single “Hard Times” could have been a Tom Tom Club song, and subsequent singles like “Told You So” and “Fake Happy”also fit easily into modern pop's fascination with the '80s. Still, there is one place, at least, where After Laughter feels like the biggest album in America, and that is at the band's current tour, which ripped through New York City earlier this week.
Five albums deep into its career, Paramore has plenty of material to pull from, but the setlist for their current live show favors pop: seven songs from the new album, three from the last one, and then big singles from the past like “Misery Business” and “That's What You Get,” from when Paramore first announced themselves to the mainstream. There isn't much done here to put these songs in a new context—instead, a 2017 Paramore concert impresses simply by stacking the hits on top of each other until the lights come up. Still, there are things that surprise.
My favorite part of the night, weirdly, was the band's rendition of “26,” a delicate acoustic number from After Laughter that singer Hayley Williams performed alongside just a single guitarist. Paramore still puts on a proper, loud rock show, but the detour into relative quiet was, instead of being a signal to run to the bathroom, one of the show's most cathartic moments, with the 6,000 or so people in attendance softly accenting Williams' singing of the song's chorus. There were other small revelations, too, like a long instrumental interlude during “Misery Business” in which Williams finds audience members to come up and sing along, but which bridged the gap between that era of the band and the current one. There is also a nearly perfect cover of Fleetwood Mac's “Everywhere” in which Williams toys with the main chorus vocal, landing on something elongated and ethereal that fits the original but still feels fresh.
Nonetheless, the biggest moments here—”Still Into You,” “Ain't It Fun,” etc.—are the best, and there's not much else you want from a rock concert, now or in the future.
Everything you need to know about the latest season of BBC1's Bafta-nominated observational documentary
BBC1's Bafta-nominated observational documentary Ambulance, which follows the men and women on the front line of the nation's emergency services, is returning for a third season. Here's everything you need to know about the series.
Advertisement
What's it about?
The eight-part documentary, narrated by Christopher Eccleston, follows the work of the West Midlands Ambulance Service, and follows the work of paramedics, call-handlers working gruelling 12-hour 999 night shifts, technicians, a specialised mental health team and specialist Air Ambulance crews.
West Midlands Ambulance Service receives between 3,000 – 4,000 emergency calls every day, and has to cover more than 5,000 square miles and 5.2 million people. Cameras follow cases from the first initial call to the ambulance's arrival and beyond.
The new series also sees the return of show-favourite Nat Greaves, who decided to become a paramedic aged 34 as she wanted to help others as she had been helped as the mother of Jessica, her 16-year-old daughter with cerebral palsy.
The first episode sees Nat and her partner, also called Nat, respond to an call about an elderly lady with an injured ankle, before things take a dramatic turn when Nat receives a 999 alert from her daughter's carer.
Advertisement
What time is it on TV?
Ambulance begins on BBC1 on Thursday 26th April at 9pm.
With 20 islanders currently residing in the villa, that number looks set to be cut very soon...
With the inhabitants of the main Love Island abode and Casa Amor having merged, it's led to a record number of Islanders residing in the villa.
Advertisement
There are currently a whopping 20 contestants bunking up on the show – nine couples and two singletons in Wes Nelson and Georgia Steel.
There are so many, in fact, that the villa's living room has had to be converted into another bedroom in order to accommodate them all.
But it seems like ITV2 will be cutting that number very soon, with plans to get rid of some Islanders this week.
Apparently it hasn't yet been decided whether there's going to be a mass cull or not. It could be that just one couple leaves, or that multiple couples will be evicted from the villa.
Also on the table is a repeat of last week, where the Islanders were forced to decide who to eject from the island after the public voted for their favourite couples. Their choices led to both Eyal and Zara being sent home.
So although we don't know exactly what form the next dumping is going to take, one thing seems almost certain: the Islanders better not get too cosy, as something is going to happen this week…
Advertisement
Love Island airs daily at 9pm on ITV2
DETROIT (AP) — Dennis Edwards, a Grammy-winning former member of the famed Motown group The Temptations, has died. He was 74.
Edwards died Thursday in Chicago after a long illness, said Rosiland Triche Roberts, his longtime booking agent.
Edwards replaced founding member David Ruffin in 1968, and his soulful, passionate voice defined the group for years. A member on and off for about two decades, he was part of the lineup that released hits “Ball of Confusion (That's What The World Is Today),” ”Cloud Nine” and the chart-topping “Papa Was A Rollin' Stone.”
He possessed a “voice for the ages,” with great range, energy and artistry, Paul Riser, a Motown arranger and musician who worked with Edwards during the label's Detroit heyday and on subsequent projects, told The Associated Press. “That voice was just flat-out outstanding — very well-defined.”
Edwards was inducted into the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame with the rest of The Temptations in 1989.
In the 1990s, a federal judge barred him from performing under his former band's name. Otis Williams, the band's lone original member, sued Edwards for trademark infringement after he had used variations that included “The New Temptations.” He was allowed to use “The Temptations Review featuring Dennis Edwards,” and performed under that name for nearly two decades, according to Roberts.
“He is now at peace, and our love and prayers go out to his family,” Williams said in a statement Friday. “At this moment and always, we acknowledge his extraordinary contribution to The Temptations legacy, which lives on in the music.”
Motown star Smokey Robinson said in a statement that he was saddened “that another Motown soldier is gone.”
“Rest in Peace my brother,” he said. “You were a great talent.”
Born in Birmingham, Alabama, Edwards lived near St. Louis with his wife, Brenda. He would have turned 75 on Saturday.
HOUSTON - A woman's Twitter stream going viral over budding romance on a flight involving a former Houston Dynamo player's brother.
Euan Holden is Stuart Holden's brother. Stuart starred for the Houston Dynamo, and is now a soccer broadcaster.
But his brother, Euan, is the star now after he was seen cozying up to a woman on a Dallas-bound flight Monday night.
The drama began after Twitter user Rosey Blair asked to switch seats with a woman so she could sit with her boyfriend.This is where the magic starts.
Last night on a flight home, my boyfriend and I asked a woman to switch seats with me so we could sit together. We made a joke that maybe her new seat partner would be the love of her life and well, now I present you with this thread. — Rosey Blair (@roseybeeme) July 3, 2018
Super entertaining!!! 😍😍 truly hope they come across this thread! pic.twitter.com/2LHQ2Z1eyX — Nisha 🇨🇦 (@finegraphite) July 4, 2018
He did! — Rosey Blair (@roseybeeme) July 4, 2018
Dang, he is Stuart Holden's (former player for the U.S national team and current Fox soccer broadcaster) brother!! — Coach Webb (@utleysoccer) July 4, 2018
This is the creepiest stalking thread I have ever seen. I'm not sure this is great behavior to post people's private life on Twitter without their consent. It's cool they might have hooked up, but you did nothing to help them. Kind of mean to use this for internet points. — Michael Mandt (@Drakesylvan) July 4, 2018
You know Ryan Gosling and Rachel McAdams playing these parts......The Notebook 2: To the Skies — Just In Time (@justintime5511) July 4, 2018
This is so beautiful. So so beautiful pic.twitter.com/r0zFCx4YiJ — Sika Kɔkɔɔ (@abbanofficial) July 4, 2018
Congratulations guys, You made a lot of people over the world very happy and have given us a reason to believe in love. — Tanaz Bhesania (@TBhesania) July 4, 2018
This is the best thing I read in a while pic.twitter.com/GFlNWGQ9Il — Rena (@Ayano7Aishi) July 4, 2018
READ THE FULL THREAD.
Blair says in one of her tweets that the woman seen in the photos and videos has not identified herself. If KPRC2 learns her identity if she wishes to share it, we will.
In the meantime, Euan Holden seems to be soaking up the spotlight on Twitter.
Hilarious... Knew you were taking pictures 😂 https://t.co/dTuFA8RI1O — Euan Holden (@EuanHolden) July 4, 2018
Mornin' world 🌎...? You guys are cracking me up with ‘PlaneBae'. Where do I even start the day? Breakfast? — Euan Holden (@EuanHolden) July 4, 2018
Stuart Holden has weighed in on the fun, tweeting his own acknowledgement of his brother's newfound fame.
On FaceTime with my brother @EuanHolden aka #HunkyPlaneGuy or #PlaneBae who has become a viral sensation overnight. Also trying to find out if I'll have a sister in law soon. Twitter thread is amazing: check @roseybeeme timeline if you haven't yet. pic.twitter.com/aMQxCokn5j — Stu Holden (@stuholden) July 4, 2018
Copyright 2018 by KPRC Click2Houston - All rights reserved.
Shkodran Mustafi is confident Arsenal have what it takes to reach the quarter-finals of the Champions League at the expense of Bayern Munich.
The Gunners were eliminated by Bavaria in the round of 16 in 2012-13 and 2013-14, but Mustafi nonetheless sees cause for optimism, as he feels Arsene Wenger's men hold the outcome in their own hands.
"We know that Bayern will be a difficult game, but we also know that if we play to our potential we can beat Bayern," Mustafi told Sky Sports ahead of Wednesday's first leg at the Allianz Arena.
"It is the first time for me, but I know that Bavaria have regularly knocked out Arsenal in recent years. Like I said, I am convinced our team can beat Bayern if we play to our potential. It is up to us, that is what makes me so positive about the tie.
"We are not a team saying we hope Bayern has a bad day, but we are saying we hope we have a good day, because we know what we are capable of.
"Ultimately, in games between two evenly-matched sides, it will come down to the minor details, how you play, how you read the game, every individual player's form on the day. It's very important when you can decide your own fate."
In May 2013, months after friends and family had gathered to remember Wayne Millard, his son was arrested for the murder of Tim Bosma, of Hamilton, who disappeared after leaving his house with two men who asked to test drive a truck he posted for sale online.
Soon after Dellen Millard's arrest, police reopened the case of his father's death. They still had the gun that was found beside his bed, court has heard. They tested the gun and found Dellen Millard's DNA on the handle, court documents show. Last year, a gun trafficker pleaded guilty to selling Dellen Millard the revolver.
In 2016, Dellen Millard and his friend, Mark Smich, were found guilty of first-degree murder in Bosma's death and received life sentences. The jury heard that the pair killed Bosma and burned his body in an animal incinerator.
Millard and Smich were also later convicted — and sentenced to life — in the murder of Laura Babcock, a young Toronto woman who vanished in the summer of 2012 and whose case was also reopened by police following Millard's arrest in Bosma's disappearance.
Millard's third murder trial will be in front of a judge alone. Ontario's attorney general agreed the man's notoriety would make it difficult to find fair jurors, thus granting the rare request to hold a first-degree murder trial without a jury.
Millard's defence, according to court documents, will be that his father killed himself. A portion of the trial is expected to focus on Wayne Millard's state of mind at the time of his death.
The elder Millard loved aviation and animals.
In 1982, just days after he was arrested for filming baby seals being clubbed to death, he flew a small crew back into the area to get onto the ice near the beaches of P.E.I.
Wayne Millard had the means — a plane, a helicopter and money to burn — for the venture. He and Burns, who would later become his wife, were making a film about the seal hunt with the help of Sea Shepherd Conservation Society founder Paul Watson.
"He was very incensed about the seal hunt," Watson said. "He stuck to his ground and didn't give in. He was persistent, passionate and he was dedicated."
Wayne Millard was a longtime Air Canada pilot before getting involved with Millardair. He once sued Air Canada because they suspended him for growing his hair too long, said Dennis Chadala, who wrote a book about his years with Millardair.
"Wayne was a kind man who trained me on many different kinds of planes and we had a kinship in that we were banded together in order to handle his father, Carl, who was a real tough boss," Chadala said. "But he was also a rabble-rouser."
After his father died in 2006, Wayne Millard took over Millardair, but the company wasn't doing well. He embarked on a project to transform Millardair into a maintenance, repair and overhaul operation and secured a massive hangar at the Region of Waterloo International Airport. He told others, including his cousin Roberts, that he was doing it so his son could run it one day.
Shortly after Wayne Millard was found dead, his son fired everyone at Millardair and wound the business down.
In an obituary published in the Toronto Star in 2012, Dellen Millard called his dad a generous man.
"His hope was for a time when co-operation would be the norm and competition was only friendly," he wrote. "He was patient and stubborn ... He believed animal welfare was a humanitarian effort. He was a good man in a careless world. He was my father."
By Liam Casey, The Canadian Press
(AP Photo/David Dermer). Dustin Johnson putts on the ninth hole during the pro-am for the the Memorial golf tournament Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Dublin, Ohio.
(AP Photo/David Dermer). Peyton Manning, left, laughs while talking with Tiger Woods on the eleventh hole during the pro-am for the the Memorial golf tournament Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Dublin, Ohio.
(AP Photo/David Dermer). Tiger Woods follows through on his swing from the rough on the tenth hole during the pro-am for the the Memorial golf tournament Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Dublin, Ohio.
(AP Photo/David Dermer). Tiger Woods tees off on the eleventh hole during the pro-am for the the Memorial golf tournament Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Dublin, Ohio.
(AP Photo/David Dermer). Tiger Woods follows through on his swing from the rough on the eleventh hole during the pro-am for the the Memorial golf tournament Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Dublin, Ohio.
By DOUG FERGUSON
AP Golf Writer
DUBLIN, Ohio (AP) - The two biggest figures at the Memorial, Jack Nicklaus and Tiger Woods, managed to carve out some private time at the back of the 10th tee amid a mass of people Wednesday at Muirfield Village.
Some of it was just catching up. The two most prolific winners of major championship had not seen each other since April at the Masters.
And the tournament host had some encouraging words.
Nicklaus complimented Woods on his swing, and then told him what Woods has felt for the last few months.
"He was saying that my swing is starting to look a little bit better," Woods said. "And I said, 'Yeah, I'm really not that far away,' and he totally agreed. He just kept urging me to be patient with it because he could see that I've made some pretty big strides this year, and not far away from putting it all together."
The Memorial presents such an opportunity.
Woods has won at the course Jack built a record five times. The most recent victory was in 2012, when he took command from behind the 16th green by turning a potential bogey into a chip-in birdie that Nicklaus still thinks is one of the best shots he ever saw.
The most recent appearance? That's different.
Woods last played the Memorial in 2015. In the last few months before a series of back surgeries, Woods shot 85 in the third round, the worst score of his career. Because an uneven number of players made the cut, Woods teed off Sunday morning as a single and shot 74.
"I tried, and unfortunately on this golf course, hitting it as bad as I did, it just wasn't good enough," Woods said.
As for playing as a single? Woods smiled.
"I didn't want to have anyone watch me play the way I was playing," he said.
Rory McIlroy was standing at the side of the room as Woods spoke, listening to a player with 90 victories worldwide talking about the time he signed his name to an 85 on his scorecard. McIlroy recalled his highest round at 83 in the South African Open in 2007, his seventh tournament as a pro.
McIlroy climbed the steps to the stage as Woods was leaving and said to him, "Aside from your 85, you have won here five times."
Those are the memories Woods hopes to draw from when the Memorial begins Thursday on a Muirfield Village course in its usual mint condition. The tournament is two weeks before the U.S. Open at Shinnecock Hills, and it has the kind of field that makes it feel like a mini-major.
Only two players from the top 10 in the world are missing: Jon Rahm and U.S. Open champion Brooks Koepka.
Justin Rose is coming off a victory at Colonial, his ninth consecutive year with a victory somewhere in the world. Justin Thomas is making his debut at No. 1 in the world, an achievement that doesn't come with a trophy but one that meant enough to him that he stayed up later than usual when he got home after The Players Championship to see the world ranking page with his name at the top. He took a screen shot.
"Seeing every golfer in the world behind my name is a pretty fun thing," Thomas said.
Dustin Johnson, who doesn't appear to be concerned with much in life, conceded he was eager to get back the No. 1 ranking he held for 15 months. This is his first tournament since he lost the No. 1 spot to Thomas.
Nicklaus was around the first and 10th tee boxes during the pro-am to greet them all, a list that includes Jordan Spieth and Rickie Fowler.
Woods has made strides since his return from a fourth back surgery, including a runner-up finish at the Valspar Championship in March, and an exciting charge at Bay Hill that ended with a tee shot out of bounds on the 16th hole.
Nicklaus suggested on Tuesday that Woods has to learn anew how to win because it has been five years since his last victory.
McIlroy understood what he meant, having gone 18 months between victories until he won the Arnold Palmer Invitational. McIlroy started this year with good chances at Abu Dhabi and Dubai, and then he broke through at Bay Hill.
"As long as you put yourself in contention more and more and keep knocking on the door, sooner or later you're going to step through," McIlroy said. "And then with that, experience will do great things for you going forward."
Woods hasn't been within five shots of the lead going into Sunday since Bay Hill. He never got going at the Masters or at Quail Hollow, and while he had a season-best 65 in the third round at The Players Championship, he still was 11 shots out of the lead. The idea this week is to get in range.
"The last few times that I've had a chance, I've felt very comfortable," he said. "Hopefully I can just shoot the low round when I need it."
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Four years have passed since we last visited the post-nuclear war wasteland of the Metro series from 4A Games. But like the Dmitry Glukhovsky book trilogy that Metro 2033 and Metro: Last Light were based on, a third game is on the horizon. 4A Games revealed Metro: Exodus, the first in the series to be properly developed for current generation consoles, at E3 2017 with an exciting gameplay trailer. The atmospheric tension and dire conditions that made the first two games in the series stand out was on display in full force. Exodus made another appearance at The Game Awards, allowing us to further unravel what to expect from the upcoming first-person shooter. Here's everything we know about Metro: Exodus ahead of its 2018 launch for PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and PC.
A story of hope?
Metro: Exodus takes place in 2036, two years after the events of Metro: Last Light, specifically after the game's “enlightened” ending. Players will once again step into the shoes of Artyom, a Ranger living in the ruins of Moscow's underground Metro system after a devastating nuclear war. His goal is to leave Moscow and find a better life to the east. According to the game's Steam description, Artyom will take the helm of a group of Spartan Rangers throughout the year-long journey. Each of the four seasons will be represented throughout Artyom's quest.
In an interview with PC Gamer, executive producer Jon Bloch hinted that this third entry may be more optimistic than its predecessors. He said, “Let's go see what's out there and hopefully we'll find something that's new and interesting and a good place to live.”
We know from the first gameplay trailer that Anna, Artyom's partner, will return and play a key role in the narrative. After Exodus‘ E3 showing, Bloch teased that other familiar characters would make appearances as well.
A mix of sandbox and classic Metro
The first two Metro games took place in the tunnels of Moscow, leading to confined, largely linear levels. Exodus, due to the scope of its story, will give players more of an open sandbox. “There's still story within those levels that will guide you through the places you should go, but it supports being able to go where you want and do what you want,” Bloch told PC Gamer.
In other words, there will be a mix of linear objectives and non-linear opportunities for exploration. All of the missions will tie into the overall story, but there will be room to go off the beaten path. As shown in trailers, Artyom's time above ground will see him scouring sprawling cities and wildernesses. The profound effects of the nuclear war are made more clear at surface level by the sheer amount of wreckage on screen, from rundown buildings to piles of vehicles that have become mere scrap metal.
It's not clear how many different areas outside of Moscow will be in the game, but the first two trailers each showed a train on what would seem to be the Trans-Siberian Railway, suggesting you'll cover a lot of distance. So far, we've seen the snowy terrain of Moscow and a hilltop town surrounded by forestry.
Revamped weapons system
The freeing nature of exploration will also translate to new mechanics and systems. Exodus will feature more weapon customization than previous entries. We saw a glimpse of this in the gameplay trailer when Artyom modified his shotgun with a revolver chamber. In terms of confirmed weapons, we've seen a shotgun, revolver, crossbow, and Artyom's knife.
Judging by the monstrous mutated beasts littered throughout the nuclear wasteland, you'll need to make good use of the customization system to survive.
Bloch claimed “a lot of features” haven't been revealed yet, but it sounds as if the move to a true open world will also shift gameplay in a substantial way.
When can you return and escape from Moscow?
Metro: Exodus launches in fall 2018 for PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and PC. In the meantime, you can replay the first two games in Metro Redux on PS4 and Xbox One.
Why it matters to you Despite Snapchat's efforts to add more news publishers and ads to its platform, these are exactly the types of content its users are not interested in seeing, according to a new survey
Snapchat publishers are having a hard time finding an audience for their content, according to a new survey from customer acquisition firm Fluent.
Despite the fact that Snapchat is home to traditional media outlets such as CNN, The Wall Street Journal, and The New York Times, its users are not seeking out news on the app. Overall, 61 percent of the 3,327 American adults surveyed by Fluent said they did not follow a news organization on Snapchat.
More: Musical.ly launches another video-centric app in the form of Ping Pong
There wasn't much love for sports publishers either, with 50 percent of respondents claiming they don't follow the likes of ESPN, NBA, or NFL on the app. An even larger portion (57 percent) said they shun entertainment brands such as The Daily Mail and E! The stats do not reflect Snapchat's Discover section devoted to its media partners.
Just as worrying for the company is the revelation that people are skipping adds on its app. The survey claims that 69 percent of its respondents said they “always” or “often” skip adds on Snapchat. That number spikes to 80 percent for the app's biggest demographic: 18-24 year olds. Despite touting that age group as a “big advertising opportunity” for marketers in its IPO filing, it seems younger users are not interested in watching promotional content on the platform. Snapchat earns the majority of its revenue (which totalled $404.5 million in 2016) from ads, including full-screen Snap ads and sponsored lenses and filters.
Fluent CMO Jordan Cohen told Digiday the following about user behavior on the app: “I asked lots of millennials this question. It's really about exclusive short, fun content. In addition to communicating with friends, they follow celebrities. They don't really engage with ads or mainstream news outlets.”
The statistics do not bode well for the company, which is busy trying to diversify its user base and increase ads on its platform before it goes public in March.
The Canadian premiere of The Big Feastival takes place this Saturday and Sunday at the Burl's Creek Event Grounds in the township of Oro-Medonte. The feel-good food and music festival was started in Britain by Jamie Oliver. The full schedule for musical acts and chefs at the Big Feastival has been released.
Music Main Stage
*Concerts begin at 11am on Saturday and Sunday*
Saturday:
Famous Players (DJ Set) – 11:00-11:35 AM
Splash'N Boots – 11:50 AM-12:20 PM
Fred Penner – 12:35-1:05 PM
The Beaches – 1:50-2:20 PM
The Elwins – 2:40-3:25 PM
Choir! Choir! Choir! – 3:45-4:30 PM
Wintersleep – 5:00-5:45 PM
Magic! – 6:20-7:20 PM
The Strumbellas – 7:50-8:50 PM
Ben Harper & The Innocent Criminals – 9:30-11:00PM
Sunday:
Fawn Big Canoe (DJ Set) – 11:00-11:35 AM
Splash'N Boots – 11:50 AM-12:30 PM
Repartee – 2:00-2:30 PM
Dwayne Gretzky – 3:00-3:45 PM
Dragonette – 4:10-4:55 PM
Basia Bulat –5:25-6:15 PM
De La Soul – 6:45-7:45 PM
OK GO – 8:15-9:15 PM
Weezer – 9:45-11:00 PM
Big Kitchen
*Hosted by Abbey Sharp. Seats will fill up on a first-come, first served basis*
Saturday:
Matthew Demille – 11:00-11:30 AM
Ted Corrado – 12:00-12:30PM
Michael Hunter – 1:00-1:30 PM
Victor Barry – 2:00-2:30 PM
Vikram Vij – 3:00-3:30 PM
Rob Gentile – 4:00-4:30 PM
Chuck Hughes – 5:00-5:30 PM
Sunday:
Aimée Wimbush Bourque – 11:00-11:30 AM
Alexandra Feswick – 12:00-12:30 PM
Dennis the Prescott – 1:00-1:30 PM
Matt Dean Pettit – 2:00-2:30 PM
Carl Heinrich – 3:00-3:30 PM
Derek Dammann – 4:00-4:30 PM
Danny Smiles – 5:00-5:30 PM
The Cooking School
The Cooking School offers a unique hands-on experience to participate in an interactive culinary session with top chefs and culinary experts.
*Sign-up on-site; sessions will fill up on a first-come, first serve basis*
Saturday:
Hosted by: Rachel Bies
Aimée Wimbush Bourque – 11:00-11:30 AM
Vikram Vij – 12:15-12:45 PM
Claudia Bianchi and Justin Cournoyer – 1:30-2:00 PM
Rob Gentile – 2:45-3:15PM
Dennis the Prescott – 4:00-4:30 PM
Alexandra Feswick and Ted Corrado – 5:15-5:45 PM
Danny Smiles – 6:30-7:00 PM
Sunday:
Hosted by: Paul Lillakas
Amy Rosen – 11:00-11:30 AM
Matt Dean Pettit – 12:15-12:45PM
Victor Barry – 1:30-2:00 PM
Chuck Hughes – 2:45-3:15 PM
Michael Hunter – 4:00-4:30 PM
Matthew DeMille – 5:15-5:45 PM
Derek Dammann – 6:30-7:00 PM
The Harvest Table
*Get up close and personal with top chefs and culinary experts for hands-on demos, talks and tastings at the Table Sessions.
Saturday:
Hosted by: Paul Lillakas of Canadian Living
Sourdough Secrets with Homestead Artisan Bakery – 11:30-12:00 PM
Q&A with Rob Gentile – 12:30-1:00PM
Shaken Iced Teas & Cool Lemonades with Canadian Living – 1:30-2:00PM
Q&A with Chuck Hughes and Danny Smiles – 2:30-3:00PM
Up Your Bar Game: Mixology Tips and Tricks with Kinsip House of Fine Spirits – 3:30-4:00 PM
Superfoods from the Hive (and Saving the Bees) with beekeepers Natural – 4:30-5:00 PM
Q&A with Vikram Vij – 5:30-6:00 PM
Jacob's Creek Wine Tasting – 6:30-7:00 PM
Sunday:
Hosted by: Alanna Lipson of Canadian Living
Rise & Grindz with Joe Friday – 11:30 AM – 12:00 PM
Q&A with Claudia Bianchi & Justin Cournoyer – 12:30-1:00 PM
Bitters 101 with Kinsip House of Fine Spirits – 1:30-2:00 PM
Sarafino Olive Oil Tasting – 2:30-3:00 PM
Pump Up Your Pantry with Joel MacCharles of WellPreserved.ca – 3:30-4:00 PM
Q&A with Dennis the Prescott – 4:30-5:00 PM
Q&A with Michael Hunter – 5:30-6:00 PM
Jacob's Creek Wine Tasting – 6:30-7:00 PM
A major road through Chislehurst has been shut due to an ongoing "police incident".
Perry street is currently closed to traffic and pedestrians between Old Perry Street and Bromley Lane.
Bromley MPS tweeted at 6.18pm that there was an ongoing "police incident" and urged people to "avoid the area".
People on social media have reported seeing "dozens" of police in the area, including an armed response unit, a large number of vehicles and a police helicopter.
Maddie Radford tweeted at 7.29pm: "At least 20 police vehicles at one end of Perry Street from what I can see."
There are queues in Chislehurst and at Frognal Corner according to the Transport for London (TfL) Traffic News Twitter account.
We will bring you the latest updates on this incident as we get them in our blog below:
Facebook makes money, in other words, by profiling us and then selling our attention to advertisers, political actors and others. These are Facebook's true customers, whom it works hard to please.
Facebook doesn't just record every click and “like” on the site. It also collects browsing histories. It also purchases “external” data like financial information about users (though European nations have some regulations that block some of this). Facebook recently announced its intent to merge “offline” data — things you do in the physical world, such as making purchases in a brick-and-mortar store — with its vast online databases.
Facebook even creates “shadow profiles” of nonusers. That is, even if you are not on Facebook, the company may well have compiled a profile of you, inferred from data provided by your friends or from other data. This is an involuntary dossier from which you cannot opt out in the United States.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Sign Up for the Opinion Today Newsletter Every weekday, get thought-provoking commentary from Op-Ed columnists, the Times editorial board and contributing writers from around the world. Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Despite Facebook's claims to the contrary, everyone involved in the Cambridge Analytica data-siphoning incident did not give his or her “consent” — at least not in any meaningful sense of the word. It is true that if you found and read all the fine print on the site, you might have noticed that in 2014, your Facebook friends had the right to turn over all your data through such apps. (Facebook has since turned off this feature.) If you had managed to make your way through a bewildering array of options, you might have even discovered how to turn the feature off.
This wasn't informed consent. This was the exploitation of user data and user trust.
Let's assume, for the sake of argument, that you had explicitly consented to turn over your Facebook data to another company. Do you keep up with the latest academic research on computational inference? Did you know that algorithms now do a pretty good job of inferring a person's personality traits, sexual orientation, political views, mental health status, substance abuse history and more just from his or her Facebook “likes” — and that there are new applications of this data being discovered every day?
Given this confusing and rapidly changing state of affairs about what the data may reveal and how it may be used, consent to ongoing and extensive data collection can be neither fully informed nor truly consensual — especially since it is practically irrevocable.
What did Cambridge Analytica do with all the data? With whom else might it have shared it? In 2015, Facebook sent a stern letter to Cambridge Analytica asking that the data be deleted. Cambridge Analytica employees have said that the company merely checked a box indicating that the data was deleted, at which point Facebook decided not to inform the 50 million users who were affected by the breach, nor to make the issue public, nor to sanction Cambridge Analytica at the time.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The New York Times and The Observer of London are reporting that the data was not deleted. And Cambridge Analytica employees are claiming that the data formed the backbone of the company's operations in the 2016 presidential election.
If Facebook failed to understand that this data could be used in dangerous ways, that it shouldn't have let anyone harvest data in this manner and that a third-party ticking a box on a form wouldn't free the company from responsibility, it had no business collecting anyone's data in the first place. But the vast infrastructure Facebook has built to obtain data, and its consequent half-a-trillion-dollar market capitalization, suggest that the company knows all too well the value of this kind of vast data surveillance.
Should we all just leave Facebook? That may sound attractive but it is not a viable solution. In many countries, Facebook and its products simply are the internet. Some employers and landlords demand to see Facebook profiles, and there are increasingly vast swaths of public and civic life — from volunteer groups to political campaigns to marches and protests — that are accessible or organized only via Facebook.
The problem here goes beyond Cambridge Analytica and what it may have done. What other apps were allowed to siphon data from millions of Facebook users? What if one day Facebook decides to suspend from its site a presidential campaign or a politician whose platform calls for things like increased data privacy for individuals and limits on data retention and use? What if it decides to share data with one political campaign and not another? What if it gives better ad rates to candidates who align with its own interests?
A business model based on vast data surveillance and charging clients to opaquely target users based on this kind of extensive profiling will inevitably be misused. The real problem is that billions of dollars are being made at the expense of the health of our public sphere and our politics, and crucial decisions are being made unilaterally, and without recourse or accountability.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Jeff Sessions was in his office, looking unusually deflated. He had just received another public lashing from President Donald Trump.
Trump had browbeaten his attorney general for months after Sessions' decision to step aside from the intensifying Russia investigation. Never mind that Sessions has proved fiercely devoted to his boss, carrying out Trump's agenda while giving him credit every step of the way. Trump was unforgiving.
This attack came on an autumn day, and Sessions discussed it with a longtime friend and adviser who had stopped by to chat.
Sessions shrugged. "I do the best I can," he said. Then he got back to work.
And, somewhat surprisingly, he's still working.
Sessions will soon mark his first year on the job, having survived a barrage of insults from Trump, antipathy from some Justice Department employees and even calls from some fellow Republicans for him to resign. Last week, America's top law enforcement officer was himself questioned as part of special counsel Robert Mueller's investigation into possible obstruction of justice and Trump campaign ties to Russian meddling in the 2016 election.
Trump's relentless attacks have been a wearing distraction, say friends and associates of the former Alabama senator. The Associated Press interviewed more than a dozen of them, many of whom spoke on condition of anonymity to discuss private interactions.
What keeps him going, friends say, is his Methodist faith, support from his wife and his awareness that, at age 71, leading the Justice Department is his best and perhaps final chance to carry out the policy changes he long has sought.
Sessions, the first senator to endorse Trump's candidacy, declined to be interviewed for this story but did agree to respond to written questions. He did not directly address his personal relationship with Trump but said his first year was marked by progress on a number of Trump's priorities: fighting crime, combating gangs and helping police.
"We are doing what the people sent us here to do," he said.
While Sessions is proud of his first year, friends see signs of stress. At an annual Justice Department Christmas party, one friend noted, the usually upbeat attorney general looked sullen and tired.
"We have talked about some of the difficult times he's had since he has been attorney general," said the Senate's second-ranking Republican, John Cornyn of Texas, a Sessions' confidant. "My comment to him was, as long as you're doing the right thing, I don't think you have anything to apologize for."
What Sessions sees as doing the right thing, though, often appears to others as doing Trump's bidding.
Critics say Sessions is too loyal, dangerously politicizing his department in an effort to appease Trump. Sessions told senior prosecutors to look into Hillary Clinton's activities after Trump demanded investigations of his 2016 Democratic rival, and he has been eager to pursue investigations into Trump grievances, such as media leaks. Lawmakers accuse Sessions of stonewalling congressional committees investigating the Trump campaign by repeatedly saying he doesn't recall key events.
Some say Sessions' public silence in the face of Trump's assaults on the department is demoralizing to employees and threatens its independence from the White House. Sessions said Friday that it's the department's responsibility to identify past mistakes and that a "culture of defensiveness is not acceptable."
"It seems he recognizes he is in such a weakened position, if he wants to stay in Trump's good graces he has to at least make a show of responding to Trump's demands, and that's extremely dangerous," said William Yeomans, who spent nearly 30 years at the department under Democratic and Republican administrations.
One example that raised eyebrows: Sessions' plan to confront the opioid crisis hews so closely to Trump's that White House aide Kellyanne Conway was on hand in the Justice Department's seventh-floor conference room when he announced it.
Sessions declined to address specific actions by his department but said it carries out "the law without regard to the political consequences or to poll numbers or who benefits and who doesn't," and Trump supports that.
Even if Sessions is complying with Trump's demands and pursuing his agenda, the attorney general has yet to find himself back in favor with the president. Before Sessions' decision to withdraw from the Russia investigation, Trump used to call Sessions periodically and seek his counsel. Now the two men rarely speak, and Sessions at times has resorted to asking West Wing aides to pass messages to Trump.
The rupture stems from Sessions' move on March 2 to step aside from that investigation after acknowledging he had had two previously undisclosed encounters with the Russian ambassador in Washington during Trump's campaign. Sessions said it would be improper for him to oversee an investigation into a campaign in which he played a prominent role.
Trump was furious. Sessions had disregarded a plea from Trump's White House lawyer, Don McGahn, who, at Trump's request, had urged the attorney general to retain oversight of the investigation. But by then, Sessions had already consulted with ethics officials and had made up his mind. Sessions' action left Trump without a close political appointee keeping a hand in the investigation of his campaign,
Sessions offered to resign. Trump declined to accept it. Sacking Sessions would have been politically perilous for the president.
But the barrage of tweets and public and private comments from Trump haven't ended. He disparaged Sessions in comparisons with Eric Holder, whom Trump says he respects for protecting President Barack Obama while serving as attorney general.
Sessions has endured with a courtly stoicism. If he's frustrated, friends said, he mostly keeps it to himself. At a recent get-together with Terry Lathan, a friend and chairwoman of the Alabama Republican Party, Sessions seemed more interested in what was going on back home than in complaining about job pressures.
"He's not going to sit around and yank the president's tie in private conversation with a group of his buddies," said Ken Blackwell, a domestic policy adviser to Trump's transition team who has known Sessions for years. "He's more like, this is what we need to get done, how do we get it done?"
Trump's antagonism has distressed Sessions' friends and supporters because they don't believe Sessions' stepping aside from the Russia investigation was a close call. One Sessions' ally said the attorney general's attitude remains that he is going to work 18-hour days to promote the administration's agenda.
Trump's priorities reflect the interests Sessions long has advocated, first as a federal prosecutor and then as a senator: illegal immigration, violent crime, illegal drugs, defending the rights of those who say they've been discriminated against based on religion.
"President Trump knows how to give clear orders, and he told us to reduce crime, take on the gangs and cartels, and back the men and women in blue," Sessions said. "The good news for us is that these directives are exactly what I want to do."
That agenda has unsettled liberals who say Sessions' focus on tough prosecutions marks a return to failed tactics that unduly hurt minorities and the poor. They say his rollbacks of protections for gay and transgender people amount to discrimination.
For Sessions, there's satisfaction in being able to reverse Obama-era policies that he and other conservatives say flouted the will of Congress. "The progress he has made has been very gratifying to him," said former Attorney General Ed Meese, who sees Sessions periodically.
Sessions takes pride in his many visits to U.S. attorney offices, where he speaks with local authorities, some of his most ardent fans, about how the federal government can help them. During a particularly tense stretch in November, when Sessions faced attacks from Trump and members of Congress, department officials held a call urging law enforcement groups to be vocally supportive of him, a person familiar with the call said.
Jonathan Thompson, executive director of the National Sheriffs' Association, recalled a December meeting when Sessions said he had to cut his appearance short. His voice was hoarse and he lamented his full schedule.
"He said, 'I wish I could sit here and talk with you all day,'" before his staff moved him along, said Thompson.
___
Associated Press writers Eric Tucker, Jonathan Lemire, Mary Clare Jalonick and Bill Barrow contributed to this report.
CHAPEL HILL, N.C. — North Carolina will add Ohio State transfer Antonio Williams to its backfield.
The school announced Tuesday that the running back is transferring with two years of eligibility remaining after he sits out this fall due to NCAA rules. He played in 12 games last year for the Buckeyes and 13 for his career, rushing 63 times for 318 yards and three touchdowns during his time there.
Williams was a four-star instate recruit who ran for 7,999 yards at North Stanly. He committed to UNC during high school before ultimately signing with the Buckeyes.
___
Share
We recently remarked that the underrated kart racer Sonic & All-Stars Racing Transformed had, oddly, never received a follow-up. Walmart's ears must have been burning, because the retailer has jumped the gun and revealed Team Sonic Racing before Sega got the chance.
Team Sonic Racing is the next entry in Sega's racing series, which blends the power-ups and crazy characters seen in similar games like Mario Kart 8 Deluxe with slightly more realistic driving. The new title will support 12-player races both online and offline, as well as four-player split-screen play.
If you want a story with your kart racing, Team Sonic Racing has you covered. The game includes “Adventure mode,” described as a “unique story experience where players are introduced to basic game features and characters.”
Team Sonic Racing will also include a “team racing race” mode in addition to classics like Grand Prix and time trial. This mode allows you to work together with another driver — rather than one in the same kart, like in Mario Kart: Double Dash — as you share power-ups during a match. There are 14 different “Wisps” to use in races, offering offensive and defensive bonuses, and there are 15 separate characters to choose from. These are split across the “speed,” “technique,” and “power” classes, but we don't have to guess which one Sonic will be.
Fifteen characters seems like plenty, but it's actually far fewer than were included in Sonic & All-Stars Racing Transformed. That game also included mascots from other Sega franchises, however, and it appears Team Sonic Racing will only focus on the Sonic universe. No release date has been shared at this time, but it will likely launch before the end of the year. Its predecessor is free via Xbox Live's Games With Gold program in June. As with Sonic & All-Stars Racing Transformed, the new game is being developed by Sumo Digital.
Recent rumors have suggested another racing game could be coming to the Nintendo Switch, as well. Several reports have claimed that Star Fox: Grand Prix — a racing game with an overworld similar to Diddy Kong Racing — is in the works. As long as it's better than the massively underwhelming Wii U game Star Fox Zero, we'll welcome it with open arms.
Team Sonic Racing hits Nintendo Switch, Xbox One, PlayStation 4, and PC this winter.
Updated on May 30, 2018: Added official announcement and trailer.
NEW YORK — The federal anti-racketeering law has been used since the late 1970s to bring down mob bosses. Could it be used to prosecute Harvey Weinstein?
Lawyers for six actresses who say they were sexually assaulted by the movie producer filed a lawsuit Wednesday in New York arguing that Weinstein was, essentially, a racketeer who used a legion of assistants, casting agents, security firms, gossip writers and others to supply himself with a steady stream of unwilling sexual partners and silence their complaints.
Their anti-racketeering suit was filed in a civil court, but it prompted discussions about whether prosecutors could make a similar criminal case.
Maybe, said G. Robert Blakey, a professor emeritus at the University of Notre Dame law school who helped write the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act. But it wouldn't be easy.
“It would take imagination and intestinal fortitude,” he said. “Prosecutors have been singularly lacking in both when it comes to women making complaints of sexual assault against powerful men.”
The law was drafted to bring down organized crime but it isn't limited to it, Blakey said. It has been used by prosecutors used to go after rule-breaking Wall Street firms and corrupt government contractors. Federal prosecutors are currently using it to battle alleged bribery in global soccer in a trial ongoing in Brooklyn.
But a criminal anti-racketeering case also has many hurdles, Blakey said. Federal prosecutors would have to prove that a criminal enterprise existed, it affected interstate commerce and the defendant was associated with and engaged in racketeering. It would also have to be brought within five years of the conspiracy ending, he said. The racketeering statute is a federal law, though some states, like New York and California, have similar state laws.
The women suing Weinstein in civil court say the “Weinstein Sexual Enterprise” consisted of a long list of people who either enabled Weinstein's assaults or covered them up.
Their claims were based partly on reporting by The New York Times and the New Yorker, both of which published exposes saying that Weinstein took extraordinary steps to conceal complaints, including hiring security firms to investigate reporters working on possible stories and working with other media to discredit women who might come forward.
“The goal of the (anti-racketeering) claim is to ensure not only do we get the head of the enterprise, but also those around him who enabled his conduct, whether they tampered with witnesses or destroyed evidence after the fact, or even delivered the women to him,” said Beth Fegan, the lead lawyer on the civil suit.
Weinstein's attorneys, Blair Berk and Ben Brafman, said in a statement that all the allegations of sexual assault against him are false.
“Mr. Weinstein has never at any time committed an act of sexual assault, and it is wrong and irresponsible to conflate claims of impolitic behaviour or consensual sexual contact later regretted, with an untrue claim of criminal conduct. There is a wide canyon between mere allegation and truth, and we are confident that any sober calculation of the facts will prove no legal wrongdoing occurred. Nonetheless, to those offended by Mr. Weinstein's behaviour, he remains deeply apologetic.”
They said he never used company resources at Miramax or The Weinstein Company for personal expenses, including the payment of any legal settlements. Weinstein, though a spokesman, has also denied the allegations that he sought damaging information on the actresses.
At least 75 women have accused Weinstein of unwanted come-ons, groping and outright rape. He's under criminal investigation in Los Angeles, London, Beverly Hills and in New York. No federal officials have said they are investigating him. As of yet, no criminal charges have been brought. Some of the allegations involve encounters with women many years ago, outside the statute of limitations.
“Law enforcement is having a tough enough of a time making out a simple sexual assault case against Weinstein; the idea that they could pull off a RICO indictment is pretty far out there,” said Jeffrey Lichtman, a defence attorney who defended John “Junior” Gotti, son of the infamous “Teflon Don” or “Dapper Don,” John Gotti.
“Prosecutors are concerned about one thing, getting a conviction and putting a bad guy away, and they attempt to do so in the simplest and straightforward manner possible due to the high beyond a reasonable doubt standard,” he wrote in an email.
On the other hand, a prosecutor could investigate the allegations in the civil complaint in an effort to seek broader accountability for complacency, said Julie O'Sullivan, a former federal prosecutor who teaches white collar criminal law at Georgetown Law.
“Assuming these allegations are true, if I were a prosecutor, I'd be asking: “Do I want to just go after him? Or do I think the larger criminal wrong involves a lot of people who facilitated this criminal conduct?” she asked.
Dozens of people were freezin for a reason in Burkburnett. (Source: RNN Texoma)
Dozens of people were freezin for a reason in Burkburnett.
Saturday was Special Olympics Texas annual Polar Plunge at Boomtown Bay.
Those taking the dip dressed up in their best costume and prepared for the icy descent down one of Boomtown Bays slides.
Every person that made the plunge only had one thing to say.
"It was really cold, like last year was," one plunger said. "It was very cold," said another. "It was freezing!," said a third as he headed for the locker-room.
The wind and cold air didn't make it any warmer, but the plungers didn't freeze in vain. They raised a ton of money for Special Olympics programs.
The team who raised the most money went home with the golden plunger. That team was Holiday ISD with $2,000 raised.
Copyright 2018 RNN Texoma All Rights Reserved
LONDON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 23, 2018--Regulatory News:
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180422005011/en/
The shareholders of Stallergenes Greer plc (Paris:STAGR), a biopharmaceutical company specialising in treatments for respiratory allergies, are hereby informed that they are invited to attend the Company's Annual General Meeting at la Maison de la Recherche, 54 rue de Varenne, 75007 Paris, France, on 7 June 2018 at 2:00p.m. (CET).
Notice of the meeting is available in the “Investors” section of the Company website at www.stallergenesgreer.com. It contains the draft resolutions proposed by the Board of Directors, the explanatory notes and the main conditions under which shareholders may participate, vote and exercise their rights.
All documents are at the disposal of shareholders, as part of the Annual General Meeting, and are available at the registered office of the Company in London (40 Bernard Street, 3rd Floor, London WC1N 1LE, United Kingdom), in Antony (6 rue Alexis de Tocqueville, 92160 Antony, France), and also in the “Investors” section of the Company's website ( www.stallergenesgreer.com ), in “Results & Presentations / Annual General Meeting / 2018”.
ABOUT STALLERGENES GREER PLC Headquartered in London (UK), Stallergenes Greer plc is a global healthcare company specializing in the diagnosis and treatment of allergies through the development and commercialization of allergy immunotherapy products and services. Stallergenes Greer plc is the parent company of GREER Laboratories, Inc. (whose registered office is in the US) and Stallergenes SAS (whose registered office is in France).
TRADING INFORMATION Name: Stallergenes Greer ISIN: GB00BZ21RF93 1 - Ticker: STAGR ICB Classification: 4577 LEI: 213800CYVZA7GJQEME86 Market: Euronext Paris regulated market
Additional information is available at http://www.stallergenesgreer.com.
This document (including information incorporated by reference in this document), oral statements made and other information published by the Company contain statements that are or may be forward-looking with respect to the financial condition and/or results of operations and businesses of the Company. These statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as "believe," "expects," "project," "estimated," "forecast," "should," "plan," "may" or the negative of any of these, or other variations thereof, or comparable terminology indicating expectations or beliefs concerning future events. These forward-looking statements include risk and uncertainty because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that will occur in the future. Without being exhaustive, such factors include economic situations and business conditions, including legal and product evaluation issues, fluctuations in currencies and demand, and changes in competitive factors. These and other factors are more fully described in the Company's 2016 annual report published on 28 April 2017 on the Company's website www.stallergenesgreer.com. Actual results may differ from those set forth in the forward-looking statements, due to various factors. Save as required by applicable law, neither the Company nor any other person assumes any obligation to update these forward-looking statements or to notify any person of any such update.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180422005011/en/
CONTACT: Stallergenes Greer plc
Communications and Investor Relations
Natacha Gassenbach, Tel: +1 (617) 225 8013
Email:natacha.gassenbach@stallergenesgreer.com
or
Caitlin Stefanik, Tel: +1 (857) 331 4117
Email:caitlin.stefanik@stallergenesgreer.com
or
Media Relations Agency
Havas Paris (Europe)
Samuel Rousseau, +33 6 77 88 32 43
E-mail :samuel.rousseau@havas.com
or
Investor Relations Agency
FTI Consulting
Arnaud de Cheffontaines, Tel: +33 1 47 03 68 10
Email:stalleregenesgreer@fticonsulting.com
KEYWORD: UNITED KINGDOM UNITED STATES EUROPE NORTH AMERICA FRANCE
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: HEALTH BIOTECHNOLOGY CLINICAL TRIALS INFECTIOUS DISEASES PHARMACEUTICAL OTHER HEALTH PROFESSIONAL SERVICES FINANCE OTHER PROFESSIONAL SERVICES RESEARCH SCIENCE GENERAL HEALTH
SOURCE: Stallergenes Greer plc
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/23/2018 01:30 AM/DISC: 04/23/2018 01:30 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180422005011/en
Herbal blood tonics for anaemic conditions
Nigerian researchers have in clinical studies shown that extracts of fluted pumpkin, cowhage or velvet bean, fig and sorghum could be effectively used to improve blood count, as an alternative or compliment to blood transfusion, and heal anaemic conditions such as in sickle cell anaemia and malaria. CHUKWUMA MUANYA (Assistant Editor) writes.
*Fluted pumpkin leaves, cowhage, fig, sorghum, others show promise, researchers find
Nigerian researchers have shown the efficacy of fluted pumpkin vegetable extracts in the management of severe anemia in children.
According to the study published in The Internet Journal of Alternative Medicine and The study was published in Tropical Journal of Pharmaceutical Research, case reports of two severely anaemic patients, whose parents refused blood transfusion and were subsequently managed with oral intakes of the fluted pumpkin vegetable extracts, with satisfactory rise in the haematocrit levels.
The results showed that the pre-pumpkin extracts administration pack cell volume of 15 per cent in both of them, rose to 20 per cent in one and 25 per cent in the other, 24 hours post administration of the extract.
The researchers concluded: “The fluted pumpkin vegetable extract was efficacious in the management of severe anemia in these two children and may be useful in pediatric patients with severe anemia whose parents refuse blood transfusion. The vegetable extract may have an even greater role in the prevention of anemia if intake is instituted early. Wider studies are needed to investigate these hypotheses.”
Commonly called fluted pumpkin, Telfairia occidentalis is called Ugu in Ibo; Aworoko, Eweroko in Yoruba, Ikong or Umee in Efik and Ibibio, and Umeke in Edo
Anaemia is a common childhood disease in the third world countries. It is sometimes life threatening and may require urgent blood transfusion. However parents occasionally refuse blood transfusion because of religious or other reasons. Members of the Jehovah witness sect usually refuse blood transfusion for themselves and their wards because of some biblical injunction. The problems and costs attending blood transfusion in our poorly developed health services often tempt some parents to refuse the procedure. It is therefore imperative for physicians to be aware of all available alternatives to blood transfusion.
Fluted pumpkin was found useful in correcting anaemia in a study of some African pregnant women. In the study, thirty anaemic pregnant women with baseline pack cell volumes of 20.8+/-2.0 per cent were given freshly prepared fluted pumpkin mixture, containing its fluid extract, raw eggs and evaporated unsweetened milk, orally three times daily for seven days. The mean pack cell volume was observed to have increased to 29.5+/-2.2 per cent, a day following the administration of the mixture.
There is no documentation of the use of fluted pumpkin in the management of anaemia in children. However, this study by researchers at the Department of Paediatrics, Ladoke Akintola University Teaching Hospital, Osogbo, Osun State, led by Dr. Olusola Adetunji Oyedeji, draws the attention of medical practitioners managing children to the possibility of fluted pumpkin acting as a surrogate to refused blood transfusion in anaemic children. It may also have a role in preventing anaemia.
The researchers also acknowledged the contributions of Prof. G. A. Oyedeji of the department of Pediatrics, Obafemi Awolowo University, Ife, Osun State.
The researchers wrote: “Life threatening anaemia is a common emergency among Nigerian paediatric admissions. Malaria, sickle cell disease, glucose 6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency and septicemia are common causes. The logical and most effective method of managing such cases to is by blood transfusion. However, as in these reports, parents occasionally refuse blood transfusion for their children because of religious, cultural, financial and other reasons.
“In our practice setting, the direct cost of screening and transfusion services to the patient for a pint of blood ranges between $10 and 20. This is often unaffordable to many parents. Thus in a study of patients discharged against medical advice, financial constraints was given as the reason for refusing blood transfusion by the parents of some severely anemic, because of their inability to procure the blood needed for transfusion. Cultural practices in many parts of Africa dictate that mothers should obtain permission from their husbands before submitting their children for medical care and procedures like blood transfusion. This may make a mother refuse transfusion when the family situation is not congenial. Sometimes such fathers are unavailable or inaccessible to give consent.
“Concerning complementary and alternative medicine (CAM), most physicians are poorly informed on, the use of herbs for medical conditions. Sometimes patients and their relations are better informed compared to the attending physician. This was the case in these two patients, in whom the fluted pumpkin was effective. Fluted pumpkin is an indigenous pumpkin to the eastern parts of Nigeria. Usually, it is administered either as an extract obtained from blending or manually squeezing the soaked vegetable leaves in tepid water in order to extract the fluid, or it can be eaten as a cooked vegetable. Its mechanism of action is not known. Extracts from fluted pumpkin are known to have reducing and free radical scavenging properties through its antioxidant phyto-constituents such as vitamin C and phenols. These anti-oxidants may reduce tissue and red cell destruction by free radicals. The fluted pumpkin is also rich in folic acid and iron, which may be more easily bio-available for erythropesis compared to nutrients from other sources. Due to the fact that there are no suitable alternative oxygen carrier substitutes for haemoglobin, erythropoesis remains the safest means of alleviating hypoxemia from very low haematocrit levels.
“The two cases have also shown that fluted pumpkin acts very fast and its effects were evident within 24 hours. Other haematinics such as erythropoetin, iron, folic acid and vitamin B complex do not work as fast as fluted pumpkin. It takes a range of five days to three weeks after administration before their effects can be seen. The other advantages of fluted pumpkin over blood transfusions are avoidance of transmission of infections and blood transfusion reactions. In addition, the cost of administering fluted pumpkin is much less than giving a pint of blood, or erythropoeitin. Fluted pumpkin therapy reduces the number of days that the patient spends on admission, waiting for the improvement in pack cell volume when being managed with haematinics. All this not withstanding, blood transfusion acts faster than any other method by raising the pack cell volume immediately the blood is transfused.
“In order to reduce the morbidity and mortality associated with anemia in children whose parents refuse blood transfusion for them, the etiology of the anemia should be investigated and treated promptly. Fluted pumpkin extracts should be administered. The vegetable can also be given as part of the diet to children predisposed to developing severe anemia, such as sicklers and G-6-PD deficient patients when they are being treated for malaria. Thus fluted pumpkin has both prophylactic and curative roles and it has the potentiality of reducing the frequency and problems of blood transfusion in paediatric practice. Detailed studies of its mechanism of action should however be undertaken prior to liberalizing its use. Cautionary measures may also need to be taken with respect to prolonged use, especially in sicklers, in order to prevent pathologic tissue deposits of iron. The use of alternative methods of treatment is rapidly increasing among patients and the physicians needs to be conversant with these therapies.”
Commonly called cowhage, velvet bean (Agbala or Agbaloko in Ibo and Werepe in Yoruba), the leaves and seeds of Mucuna pruriens could be effectively used to boost blood levels and fertility in women.
So patients with low blood levels may no longer have need for blood transfusion and taking of blood capsules or tonics. Also, women that are looking for the fruit of the womb need not despair.
A study published in journal Biokemistri by researchers from Nnamdi Azikiwe University, Awka, Anambra State, comparative effects of ethanolic extracts of Ficus carica (fig tree) and Mucuna pruriens leaves on haematological parameters in albino rats.
The comparative effects of the ethanolic extracts of Ficus carica (fig) and Mucuna pruriens (cowhage or velvet bean) on haematological parameters were investigated in albino rats. The animals were divided into three main groups: group 1 which, served as the control, received 5.0ml/kg body weight of normal saline, while groups two and three received a daily administration (per os) of 200mg/k/g body weight of extracts of M. pruriens and F. carica respectively for 14 days.
Results showed that the extracts significantly increased the haemoglobin concentration, Packed Cell Volume (PCV) and red blood cell count by the 14th day when compared with the control.
F. carica was found to be more effective than M. pruriens in elevating the red blood cell count, especially by the 14th day. The two extracts, however, significantly decreased the total white blood cell count, as well as the percentage neutrophils, when compared with the control group, but not significant between test groups, even by the 14thday. Phytochemical analyses showed the presence of alkaloids, flavonoids, saponins, cardiac glycosides and carbohydrates in both plants. Tannins were present in F. carica but not in M. pruriens. These results thus justify the ethnobotanical use of these plants as blood building herbs.
Also, researchers have demonstrated the anti-anaemic potentials of aqueous extract of sorghum (Sorghum bicolor) stem bark in rats.
Sorghum bicolor belongs to the plant family Poaceae. It makes a refreshing non-alcoholic beverage, kunu-zaki (in Hausa), and tasty pap, akamu (in Ibo), and thick porridge, tuwo dawa (in Hausa). It is fermented to make sorghum beer called burkutu or pito, or made into flour and mixed with bean flour then fried to make dawaki.
Temidayo Oladiji, T. O. Jacob and Musa Yakubu of the University of Ilorin, Kwara State, published the study in Journal of Ethnopharmacology.
The researchers investigated the effects of oral administration of aqueous extract of Sorghum bicolor stem bark at the doses of 200, 400 and 800 mg/kg body weight on iron sufficient and iron deficient weaning rats. Weaning rats of 21 days old were maintained on iron sufficient and iron deficient diets for six weeks before the administration of the aqueous extract of Sorghum bicolor stem bark at various doses for seven days. Proximate analysis of the iron sufficient and iron deficient diets showed that they were similar except in the amount of iron.
Phytochemical screening of the extract revealed the presence of alkaloids and saponins. Extract administration produced significant increase in haemoglobin, packed cell volume and red blood cells in iron sufficient and iron deficient groups. There was also significant increase in the catalase activity of the rat liver and kidney without any significant change in the serum catalase activity.
The results revealed that extract administration has restored the anaemic condition in the iron deficient group and thus lend credence to its use in folklore medicine in the management of anaemia.
Another study published in African Journal of Biomedical Research evaluated pharmacological effect of a Nigerian Polyherbal health tonic tea in rats.
The researchers from the Departments of Pharmacology and Pathology/Forensic Medicine, Lagos State University College of Medicine, Ikeja, Lagos, conducted a fourteen day study, designed to investigate the haematological and biochemical effects of single, daily oral doses of 100 – 600 mg/kg of a Nigerian Polyherbal Tonic Tea (PHT) in four groups of adult Wistar rats.
Acute oral toxicity test of PHT at the limit dose of 5000 mg/kg was also conducted using Up-and-Down Procedure on statistical software programme (AOT425StatPgm, Version 1.0.). Results showed PHT to induce significant dose-related elevation in the PCV, platelet, total leukocyte counts and lymphocyte differentials, while causing significant suppression of granulocyte differentials in dose-related fashion. PHT, also, induced a significant dose-dependent rise in the fasting blood sugar, which was at variance with its folkloric use as an oral hypoglycemic agent. PHT did not induce mortality at the tested limit oral dose, indicating its relative oral safety up to 5000 mg/kg on acute exposure.
PHT is one of the several polyherbal remedies in Nigeria, used in folkloric medicine in Southwest Nigeria for the treatment of an array of diseases affecting humans. It is composed of pulverized, dried leaves of Persea Africana or avocado pear (Lauraeae), Morinda lucida (Rubiaceae), Magnifera indica or mango (Anacardiaceae), Carica papaya or pawpaw (Caricaceae), Vernonia amygdalina or bitter leaf (Compositae) and Cassia occidentalis or stinging weed/coffee weed (Caesalpiniaceae), all combined in equal weight ratio.
Morinda lucida belongs to the plant family Rubiaceae. It is commonly called Brimstone tree. It is Oruwo or Erewo in Yoruba, Eze-ogu or Njisi in Ibo.
PHT is used for the treatment of pain, blood deficiencies, hypertension, diabetes mellitus, malaria, fever, inflammations, as immune booster and in the improvement of blood circulation.
This post was syndicated from The Guardian Nigeria Newspaper. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
An influx of Uber drivers expected through Innisfil in the coming months, after town council approved a plan that involves the ride sharing service instead of a mass transit system like buses, now the town wants to make sure there are enough drivers! An Uber Driver Information Session is to be held this Thursday, at the Lakeshore Branch of the library; Representatives from Uber and the Town will be there, and they'll likely tell you how Uber is offering up a 100 dollar bonus for any Innisfil resident who signs up and completes ten trips in town. Innisfil hopes to have the ride-sharing partnership up and running as of May 1st of this year, and ask anyone interested in participating to check its website. The Information Session runs from 6:00-8:00 Thursday evening.
Share
Google has officially rolled out its Expeditions AR tours to anyone with an Android or iOS device via the Google Expeditions app. In addition, the company also added more content for users to explore along with new features.
Launched back in 2016 for Android, the Google Expeditions virtual reality app allows teachers to take students on VR field trips using Google Cardboard virtual reality viewer. Using Cardboard with the app, teachers act as “guides” and are able to control the VR experience for students in the classroom — as long as they're all on the same Wi-Fi network.
When it was initially released, teachers and students had more than 200 different Expeditions to choose from. You could explore historical landmarks, dive underwater with sharks, or embark on a journey to outer space. Each one is also curated with talking points, questions, and integrated descriptions.
At last year's Google I/O, the company announced its AR Pioneer Program — which allows students to use augmented reality in the classroom instead. Rather than using a headset, students can use a smartphone to place 3D objects in their classrooms whether they're learning about biology or history.
But instead of limiting it to the classrooms, Google has now made it available to download for everyone. For iPhones running iOS 11, the app utilizes ARKit — Apple's augmented reality platform which launched last year. Android devices, on the other hand, use ARCore 1.0, which is Google's very own framework introduced earlier this year.
Along with the release, Google also updated the Expeditions AR app. This includes new tours, along with the ability to find saved tours, and even start solo adventures. That way, you can easily go on a tour of your own whether you're at home in your living room or at school in the classroom. Users now have more than 100 AR and 800 VR tours created by the company's Google Arts & Culture partners such as Oxford University Press, Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, and more.
You can download the Google Expeditions app in the Google Play Store or Apple's App Store — for those who already have the app, all you'll need to do is update it. In addition to launching the update, Google is also now offering schools interested in purchasing the first Expeditions AR/VR kids from Best Buy.
MISSISSAUGA, Ont. — Richard Moreau earned his fifth straight O'Brien bronze in the trainer of the year category at the 2017 O'Brien Awards on Saturday night.
The Puslinch, Ont., native led all Canadian trainers with 277 victories and over $3.7 million in pure earnings.
The O'Brien Awards honour the best in Canadian horse racing and are named after the late Joe O'Brien — a member of the Canadian Horse Racing Hall of Fame.
Moreau's stable star, Sandbetweenurtoes, was honoured as Older Pacing Mare of the Year.
Owner Brad Grant of Milton, Ont., took home three O'Brien bronzes — one each for his two-year-old pacing colt, Stay Hungry, his three-year-old pacing filly Bettors Up and his pacing mare, Sandbetweenurtoes. Grant had lost several horses in a tragic barn fire at Classy Lane Training Centre in January 2016.
Al Libfeld of Pickering, Ont., and Marvin Katz of Toronto took home two O'Briens — one for Ariana G, voted the country's top three-year-old trotting filly, and one as Breeders of the Year.
Driver Doug McNair from Guelph, Ont., won his first O'Brien as Canada's Driver of the Year following a year where he earned more than $5.9 million in purse money, and $6.5 million in earnings in North America while driving 325 winners.
Marc Campbell of Winsloe, P.E.I. took his second O'Brien Award of Horsemanship. He recorded 255 wins and more than $584,000 in purse earnings as a driver. On the training side, Campbell had 131 victories and more than $376,000 in earnings last season.
Hannelore Hanover was named Canada's Horse of the Year, and also won her second consecutive O'Brien Trophy as Older Trotting Mare. Her connections received the inaugural Somebeachsomewhere Horse of the Year Award.
Hannelore Hanover won 10-of-17 races last season, over $1.1 million in purse money and scored victories against male rivals in an elimination and final of the Breeders Crown Open Trot, the Allerage, and the Maple Leaf Trot. She also swept the Armbro Flight.
Naruto took the selfie way back in 2011 using a camera owned by photographer David Slater when he visited Tangkoko reserve on the island of Sulawesi, Indonesia. Since it was the monkey who snapped the self-photo, the incident sparked a debate on whether animals can own the copyright to a photograph. The US Copyright Office even had to issue a notice on what kinds of work can't be copyrighted, listing "photographs taken by a monkey" as an example. People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals then filed a lawsuit against Slater as Naruto's "next friend" and sought to take any revenue the selfies bring in (which Slater once said was "embarrassingly low").
When they talked settlement last year, Slater agreed to donate 25 percent of future revenue to habitats that protect Naruto's species. While a settlement might sound like a good thing when it comes to lawsuits, Judge Smith believes PETA settled before the Court of Appeals could hand down its verdict to protect itself from a "possible negative, precedential ruling." He said the move led him to believe PETA's "real motivation in this case was to advance its own interests, not Naruto's."
The court also wrote in the ruling that PETA failed to prove that its relationship with Naruto is "any more significant than its relationship with any other animal." As for PETA, the organization's general counsel told the WSJ that the ruling "emphasizes what PETA has argued all along -- that [Naruto] is discriminated against simply because he's a nonhuman animal."
WASHINGTON (CBSNewYork/CBSNews) – President Donald Trump is rolling back the federal mandate that requires employers to provide birth control coverage.
The president had promised to change the Affordable Care Act throughout his campaign.
Trump issued a new set of rules Friday that allows employers to opt-out of providing certain contraceptive coverage to women if they object on moral or religious grounds.
“The president believes that the freedom to practice one's faith is a fundamental right in this country, and I think all of us do. That's all that today was about,” said White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders.
The Trump administration says the Obamacare mandate violates employers' freedom of religion.
“This is a president who supports the first amendment, supports the freedom of religion. I don't understand why that should be an issue,” Sanders said.
Gretchen Borchelt, with the National Women's Law Center, says the Trump rules are a blow for women's health and rights.
“It's really prioritizing a certain religious view about contraception over a woman's own personal beliefs and her views about what's right for her and her body,” she said.
Borchelt says her organization will join others in suing the Trump administration.
“To take this away from women, while not changing the other care that men receive, is really an attack on women,” she said. “That's discrimination – pure and simple.”
An Obama administration study showed more than 55 million women accessed free birth control because of the contraceptive coverage mandate. The new regulations could end that coverage for hundreds of thousands of women.
The new rules take effect immediately.
VANCOUVER — British Columbia's health minister says the province is working to reduce wait times for children and adults requiring dental surgery in hospital under general anesthetic.
Adrian Dix says people who are not safely able to get dental care without anesthesia will have more timely access to treatment as 900 more surgeries are performed in the coming year.
The total number of surgeries for those requiring general anesthetic for dental procedures will grow to 7,100 in 2018-19, up 15 per cent from the previous year.
Dix says in a news release his ministry will also work with the B.C. Dental Association to study wait-time guidelines and protocols that it will use to further improve timely access for patients who require dental care in a hospital setting.
The association's executive director, Jocelyn Johnston, says dental disease leaves people in chronic pain, and quicker treatment would allow them to resume life free from infection.
The Health Ministry says that while dental care, such as fillings, root canals and tooth extractions, is usually provided in dental offices under local anesthesia, some patients with developmental disabilities may need general anesthesia to ensure their safety and comfort.
The local range hosts winter leagues, summer leagues, youth programs, JOAD (Junior Olympics Archery Development) leagues and an assortment of other options for its members in a facility available 24-7.
To celebrate its 35th anniversary, Southwest Bowbenders will host a gathering along with its annual awards banquet and membership meeting April 29 at the archery range. Past and current members, as well as those interested in joining, are welcome. A social will be from 3 to 6 p.m., with the meal at 6 p.m. and a short meeting and election of officers to begin at 7 p.m.
“We want to try and get as many people out here,” said Kevin Klaassen, president of the organization. “Worthington can be real proud that Southwest Bowbenders is one of a handful of archery organizations still going in southwest Minnesota.
“We're very proud that our membership has stayed so strong to keep us here for 35 years,” he added. “We want to recognize that. Without all of those members past and present, we probably wouldn't be here.”
Poncho White is one of the founding members of Southwest Bowbenders.
“There was about half a dozen of us that shot over in Windom for their winter league and we decided to give it a whirl and start here,” White said of the organization's beginnings.
They pooled their pocket change after discussing the idea one day and had enough money to purchase postage stamps to mail letters to people they thought would support an archery range.
The Southwest Bowbenders officially formed in 1982 with 35 members, renting gym space in the Reading Community Center for one night a week, with the option to rent it for a weekend if they wanted to have a special shoot, shared John Steinle, a 34-year member and an integral leader in the organization's success.
“We shot up there for 10 years,” added White, noting that the group purchased its present archery range — a former chicken coop — in 1989, and completed renovations in time to begin the 1990-1991 season just south of Worthington.
“Worthington Excavating donated a lot of material, labor and equipment,” White said of the work to transform the building. “Everything in here was volunteer work.”
A few investors helped make Southwest Bowbenders a reality, including Nina Gordon, who contributed $20,000.
“We paid her off early through memberships and various activities,” White said, adding that there were approximately 75 members upon moving to Worthington — eventually growing to more than 300.
“At one time we were the largest member archery club in the state of Minnesota,” White said.
With a current membership of nearly 150, Southwest Bowbenders has members as young as seven and as old as 85 actively shooting in leagues or programs. The largest share of the membership hails from northwest Iowa, with Minnesota members traveling from up to an hour away.
Though people may join the Bowbenders at any time, the membership year runs from Nov. 1 through Oct. 31.
Southwest Bowbenders has 10 USA Archery-certified instructors, according to Steinle, and the organization teaches archery through District 518 Community Education twice per year, in April and October. The community ed classes have been going strong since 1984.
The Bowbenders also lends out some of their equipment to Heron Lake Elementary as part of a National Archery in the Schools program.
A variety of youth groups visit the archery range throughout the year to learn about the Bowbenders, from 4-H clubs to youths in the Osceola County Conservation group.
“We're loaded with opportunity if people can just recognize that we're here,” Klaassen said. “We're trying to raise the awareness because we think there's a lot of potential here.”
“Archery is a sport for everyone, regardless of your abilities,” added Steinle. “A lot of the younger people have their high school sports, but high school sports only cater to a certain amount of students, where we can cater to anyone. You only have so many people on the basketball team or volleyball team. We can be an activity they can be involved in and have the opportunity to participate in local, state and national tournaments.”
Archers in the Southwest Bowbenders have achieved a range of success over the years, from national championships to individuals shooting perfect scores. They also see quite a few Robin Hood awards each year — honors for archers who shoot one arrow inside another.
For more information or to become a member of the Southwest Bowbenders, contact the archery range at 376-6262 or John Steinle at 370-0597. To learn more about their events, follow the Southwest Bowbenders on Facebook.
NEWARK, N.J. — Just when it looked like the New Jersey Devils were coming back to the pack in the Eastern Conference after a surprising start, they have surprised everyone again.
This time it was the NHL's hottest team.
Travis Zajac scored two goals and set up another as the Devils limited Pittsburgh to a season-low 16 shots in posting a 3-1 victory on Saturday night, ending the Penguins' four-game winning streak.
The win was the Devils third straight after the All-Star break and it came against the two-time defending Stanley Cup champions, who had only lost twice in 11 games.
“These are big because you want to create as much separation as you can especially as the year goes on,” Zajac said after the Devils leapfrogged the Penguins and moved back into second place in the Metropolitan Division with three games in hand. “It's nice to get these wins, keep improving and we're going to have to win a lot more games. As long as we're prepared and focused, we'll get there.”
Blake Coleman also scored and Stefan Noesen had two assists for the Devils, who have missed the playoffs the past five seasons.
“You have goals you set out to achieve, every night won't win, but I think our consistency through 60 minutes has been good,” centre Brian Boyle said. “Sometimes you have to simplify and go to basics. We got a great group of character guys in this room.”
Keith Kinkaid made 15 saves and benefited from a goaltender interference call that denied Sidney Crosby a third-period goal.
Evgeni Malkin, the NHL player of the month in January with 12 goals, scored in the third period. He now has eight goals in his last four games, 15 since Jan. 1, and 29 overall. Rookie goaltender Casey DeSmith made 35 saves for the Penguins, who looked sluggish after beating Washington on Friday night.
“When you don't play committed, you don't play hard, you get outplayed, you are not going to win,” Penguins coach Mike Sullivan said. “We got outplayed. It's pretty simple. They wanted it more. They won every loose puck battle. They were quicker with their second man to the puck battles. For whatever reason, we didn't have any jump tonight. We didn't seem to have our legs. We certainly got outplayed. We deserved to lose.”
Crosby, who also missed an open net in the second period, had his 11-game point scoring streak stopped. The run is tied for the NHL best this season.
“Tonight was an example if you're not doing those little things and you are not competing that it doesn't matter, you don't give yourself a great chance of winning” Crosby said.
After a scoreless first period, Zajac gave the Devils the lead 30 seconds into the second period after a mistake by DeSmith. The rookie goaltender tried to pass or poke the puck toward the corner and Zajac intercepted it close to the net and stuffed it into the net for his first goal in 10 games.
Penguins defenceman Olli Maatta fanned on clearing attempt near the right circle a little more than two minutes later and Zajac collected the puck. He sent a pass to Noesen, who quickly found Coleman for a shot that got between DeSmith's arm and body at 3:05.
Malkin got the Penguins on the board early in the third period with a great backhander past Kinkaid that was set up by defenceman Ian Cole.
Zajac got his seventh goal at 9:51, deflecting a point shot by defenceman Damon Severson past DeSmith.
Crosby lost his goal when it was ruled that Bryan Rust skated through the crease and hit Kinkaid in the mask. The blow knocked the goaltender down and allowed Crosby to bank a shot from the corner into the net off the goalie.
NOTES: Penguins F Zachary Ashton-Reese made his NHL debut. … The win ended the Devils' five-game losing streak against the Penguins, all last season. …. This was Pittsburgh's first loss in regulation against a Metropolitan Division opponent since Jan. 1 (5-1-1).
UP NEXT
Penguins: Host Vegas on Tuesday night.
Devils: at Ottawa on Tuesday night.
——
More NHL hockey: https://apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey
BOYNTON BEACH, Fla. — A federal wildlife refuge in Florida is setting traps for pythons to protect against the voracious invasive snake.
Burmese pythons have infested Everglades National Park. In a Palm Beach Post report , officials said no pythons have been spotted farther north in the Arthur R. Marshall Loxahatchee National Wildlife Refuge. But the refuge's managers aren't taking any chances.
U.S. Fish and Wildlife biologist Rebekah Gibble said the refuge is “working feverishly to develop other methods of control” to prevent pythons from moving in.
Five-foot-long (1.5-meter-long) traps patented by the U.S. Department of Agriculture are being placed at the refuge's southern perimeter. Employees bait and check the traps daily, while trail cameras monitor wildlife movement and interest.
Gibble says refuge managers hope the traps will be “a way for cost-effective python control.”
——
Information from: The Palm Beach (Fla.) Post, http://www.pbpost.com
YOUNGSTOWN, Ohio (WYTV) – Leaves are popping up on trees and grass is growing — it's the time of year that wreaks havoc on allergy sufferers.
Many are sneezing and coughing due to pollen in the air. Allergy season is in full bloom and it seems to be worse than normal this year.
“One of the reasons why is because of the pretty mild winter. Even though we had a pretty normal amount of snowfall, we tended to not have a lot of freezing,” said allergist Dr. Asif Khan.
Plants grew too early and there is an increase in pollen from the Ohio River Valley and midwest due to a southwest wind blowing it in.
That hasn't stopped people from enjoying the great weather.
“I take Claritin daily this time of year. I have been using Flonase as well because I wake up and my throat and eyes are scratchy and itchy. But I love the outdoors, so it doesn't keep me from walking my dog,” Marcy Koltonski.
There's a price to pay for being active outside. That's the case for Jerry Martin's wife.
“She has to take her allergy shots every three weeks. She gets through it, though, she's a trooper.”
Allergies can affect the respiratory system, skin, or digestive tract. Even though it might feel like the flu, it's likely caused by fpollen. Dr. Khan says relief is available.
“First of all, there's over the counter medicines. Everything went over the counter years ago. There's Claritin, Allegra, Zyrtec, a number of antihistamines on the market. You want to start something that might even have a Sudafed in it if your heart can take it.”
The good news is tree pollen will wind down some in the next month or so.
(WAVE) - If you can't get outside tonight for holiday fireworks, NBC and WAVE 3 News have you covered.
NBC will broadcast its 42nd annual Macy's 4th of July Fireworks Spectacular on Wednesday night. In addition to the thousands of pyrotechnics lighting up the New York sky, the celebration will include music heavyweights Jennifer Lopez, Lady Antebellum, Sheryl Crow, Brad Paisley, Charlie Puth, Hailee Steinfeld, and The Voice judge Kelly Clarkson.
Clarkson said she's thrilled to debut her 100th anniversary edition of the classic "God Bless America." She said she was intimidated by the performance, adding, "I know people expect a certain sound from Kelly Clarkson, but also you want to pay homage to like the fact that like it's just such a beautiful classic sound and it has such reverence and such meaning."
The show will be hosted by "American Ninja Warrior's" Akbar Gbajabiamila, Matt Iseman and Kristine Leahy. The incredible pyrotechnic display will be accompanied by the West Point Band and its awe-inspiring musical tribute, "ANTHEM," along with the West Point Glee Club.
The Macy's 4th of July Spectacular airs tonight at 8 p.m. on NBC and WAVE 3 News.
Copyright 2018 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
By JOHN WAWROWAP Sports Writer
PITTSFORD, N.Y. (AP) - The revamped group of Buffalo Bills receivers is suddenly down a key addition with Jordan Matthews sidelined indefinitely because of a chip fracture in his sternum.
The Bills list Matthews as week to week, and general manager Brandon Beane told The Associated Press on Monday he's "hopeful" the newly acquired player will be ready for the season opener in four weeks. Beane said the team's medical staff is "still figuring it out," because the timetable for recovery depends on how quickly the bruising subsides and the bone heals.
Matthews hurt the mid-chest bone that connects his rib cage on Sunday, during his first practice since joining the team in a trade with the Philadelphia Eagles. Matthews finished practice before being escorted off the field to be evaluated.
It's unclear when Matthews was hurt, though he did fall hard along the sideline while attempting to make a leaping catch in one-on-one coverage with cornerback Shareece Wright during a team drill.
The Bills are counting on Matthews to fill Sammy Watkins' spot after he was dealt to the Los Angeles Rams for cornerback E.J. Gaines and a second-round draft pick in a separate trade on Friday. Buffalo gave up starting cornerback Ronald Darby to acquire Matthews and a third-round draft pick from Philadelphia.
Coincidentally, one of the reasons the Bills considered Watkins expendable was because of a rash of injuries that have hampered his production during his three seasons in Buffalo. That included a broken left foot that forced the 2014 first-round draft pick to miss eight games last season.
Aside from the draft picks, Matthews was the key addition to address Buffalo's more immediate needs on what is now a retooled group of receivers. Buffalo lost starter Robert Woods and speedster Marquise Goodwin in free agency this past offseason.
The Bills were looking for Matthews to play alongside Anquan Boldin , who was signed last week, and rookie second-round draft pick Zay Jones. Also competing for jobs are Walt Powell and offseason free-agent additions Andre Holmes and Rod Streater.
Though not considered as dynamic of a deep threat as Watkins, Matthews has been consistent in his first three seasons with the Eagles. He was Philadelphia's most productive receiver with 2,673 yards and 19 touchdowns. He became just the fifth NFL player to top 65 catches and 800 yards in each of his first three seasons.
Matthews would have made his preseason debut Thursday against his former team.
Dr. Matthew DiPaola, a University at Buffalo assistant professor of orthopedics and sports medicine, said a chip fracture involves a small sliver or shell breaking off any bone in the body.
Though he's not treating Matthews or seen the player's medical records, DiPaola said chip fractures don't usually require surgery and are treated through rest and anti-inflammatory medicine. A chip fracture to the sternum could cause a person discomfort when breathing, he said.
NOTES: CB Kevon Seymour returned after missing a week of practice with a foot injury. ... DL Adolphus Washington did not finish practice due to back spasms. ... The Bills will hold their final day of practice at training camp on Tuesday.
___
For more AP NFL coverage: http://pro32.ap.org and www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
AP Photo/Charles Rex Arbogast
ERIN, Wis. (AP) — Brad Dalke's heart is right there, emblazoned in big red letters on the side of his golf bag. He carries it with him on his scorecard in his back pocket.
Boomer Sooner, practically since the day he was born.
Fresh off his clinching win for Oklahoma in last month's NCAA final, Dalke is playing in his first U.S. Open this week at Erin Hills. He is using his bag and scorecard from his sophomore season with the Sooners, proudly displaying a connection to his beloved school that runs deep into his family tree.
“With my whole family, I was just growing up being a Sooner. I just always wanted to play for OU,” Dalke said, “and I'm just living a dream playing there.”
Dalke's grandfather Ken Pryor played basketball and baseball for Oklahoma and made the winning shot against Texas in the national basketball semifinals in 1947. His mother, Kay, played on the Sooners' first intercollegiate women's golf team. His father, Bill, was a linebacker on Barry Switzer's first national championship team at the school in 1975.
For Brad Dalke, the youngest of seven siblings, there was never any doubt. At age 11, he started sending emails to Oklahoma golf coach Ryan Hybl about wanting to play for the Sooners. Hybl wasn't allowed to respond, but Dalke kept sending him emails.
Hybl eventually came out to watch Dalke play a few times. Dalke took an unofficial visit, Hybl offered him a spot and Dalke committed – when he was just 12 years old.
“You could just see, there's just certain kids that just have the ‘it' factor,” Hybl said Wednesday in a phone interview.
“He was already a big kid so I already knew kind of what his body was going to somewhat look like,” Hybl continued. “He had already kind of matured into his body as a 12-year-old. His game was big-time then, and of course, we were taking a chance, but he was, too.”
It already has worked out quite well for everyone involved. Dalke's 2-and-1 win against Oregon's Sulman Raza on May 31 wrapped up Oklahoma's second NCAA golf championship.
“To be able to make that last putt, it's cool. It's a memory I'll always have,” Dalke said.
He is hoping for more big putts this week in his second major. Dalke lost to Curtis Luck 6 and 4 in the U.S. Amateur final last summer, but the runner-up finish got him a spot in the Masters and U.S. Open.
The 19-year-old Dalke, who played Augusta National with his dad in 2014, missed the cut at the Masters, but he thinks the experience will help him at Erin Hills.
“This week, I kind of know what to expect, just off the course, you know, getting registered, getting practice rounds with some of the pros out here, stuff like that,” he said. “I'm a little more comfortable with that. But it's still the U.S. Open. It's still a huge tournament and I'm just excited to be out here, excited to compete with these guys and I think I can do well.”
Dalke already has one major win against one of the top golfers in the world.
Dalke was at a prestigious junior tournament two years ago when a friend encouraged him to challenge Rory McIlroy to an arm-wrestling match. McIlroy, who was No. 1 at the time, was a special guest at a Nike event at Sage Valley in South Carolina.
Dalke was sure McIlroy would turn him down. But McIlroy accepted and Dalke won.
“He's a great guy,” said Dalke, who talked to McIlroy about the arm-wrestling match at the Masters, and saw him again last weekend at Erin Hills. “He's awesome. A lot of these guys out here are really good guys, and he is, he's one of them.”
—
Jay Cohen can be reached at http://www.twitter.com/jcohenap
Comments
comments
From the deeper meaning behind ordering a double double to how we first got hooked on a java, Coffee Week features a fresh blend of everything you ever wanted to know about our nation's favourite drink.
In an effort to cut down on waste, U.K. lawmakers have proposed a controversial ‘latte levy' on all disposable cups, NPR's The Salt reports. The 43-cent (25-pence) tax is currently up for debate in British Parliament.
Roughly 2.5 billion cups are thrown in the trash annually in the U.K., “that's enough to circle the planet five and a half times,” the Environmental Audit Committee's chair told the BBC. Researchers have determined that the ‘latte levy' would put a significant dent in that number, cutting it by a reported 300 million.
“Human nature says if it's going to cost you more, then you would take the cheaper option and that would be for you to bring your own mug,” Simon Ellin of The Recycling Association reportedly said, adding that the purpose of the levy is to change “the way that the general public (perceives) waste and recycling.”
A survey conducted for the Independent shows that more than half of Britons support the levy. 27 per cent said they “strongly” backed the proposal, with an additional 27 per cent saying they're “somewhat” behind it. 24 per cent of those surveyed were neutral, while 20 per cent reported they would oppose the tax.
One obvious way around the tax is to bring your own reusable cup. More than half of respondents said they were likely to do so if the levy is introduced: 29 per cent considered it “fairly likely”; and 27 per cent “very likely.”
The committee's report also highlights the fact that many people mistakenly believe that single-use cups are recyclable. The plastic lining, which makes them waterproof, also renders them unfit for processing at most recycling facilities. The vast majority of disposable cups are either incinerated or end up in landfills.
In response to the committee's report, Starbucks said it would trial a 9-cent (5-pence) charge at 20-25 London outposts. And on January 16, McDonald's announced that it aims to make all of its packaging from “renewable, recycled or certified sources” by 2025.
“One of the things we're looking at is cups,” Francesca DeBiase, chief sustainability officer for the fast food chain told NPR. “There's been a lot of work in the industry related to cups and finding a cup for cold drinks that lasts as long as our customers may want to keep their cup in their car throughout the day. That's been a challenge for us.”
By ANDREW DALTON
Associated Press
LOS ANGELES (AP) - Bruce Brown, who molded the modern image of surfer as seeker and transformed the sport with his 1966 surfing documentary "The Endless Summer," has died He was 80.
Alex Mecl, general manager of Bruce Brown Films, said Brown died of natural causes in Santa Barbara, California on Sunday.
Along with the music of the Beach Boys, Brown took surfing from a quirky hobby to a fundamental part of American culture.
Surfers had largely been portrayed as beach blanket buffoons in the mindless party movies of the early 1960s.
Then came Brown and "The Endless Summer" with his beautiful, soulful story of surfers on a quest for fulfillment - an image that became emblazoned on the cultural psyche.
"Thank you for showing us the world as you saw it, Bruce Brown," Kelly Slater, 11-time world champion surfer, said in an Instagram post Monday. "There are never enough words to say goodbye properly."
Brown, who took up surfing in the early 1950s, had made five other documentaries about the sport before "Endless Summer," including 1958's "Slippery When Wet" and 1960's "Barefoot Adventure."
Like all the others it was shot on a tiny budget with Brown performing nearly every duty, from camera man to narrator.
The film follows two surfers, Robert August and Mike Hynson, as they hop hemispheres to constantly surf wherever it is summer, from Hawaii to Australia to South Africa to Senegal.
Surfers considered Brown a peer who just happened to carry a camera instead of a board. He shot the film loosely and casually and the style proved infectious when the public saw the movie.
"I never had formal training in filmmaking, and that probably worked to my advantage," Brown said in a 2004 interview for his film company's website.
The trio's charisma and - the film's natural beauty - made it an unlikely hit.
"The beautiful photography he brought home almost makes you wonder if Hollywood hasn't been trying too hard," Roger Ebert said in his 1967 review of the film in The Chicago Sun-Times.
The film inspired many surfers to leave their home beaches, drop out of their sedentary lives, and seek isolated places with bigger waves.
Some surfers blame Brown's film for turning their serene spots into forever crowded hotspots.
"A lot of people try to make me feel guilty about that," Brown said in the 2004 interview, "and while I'm sure 'Endless Summer' hurried it up, the sport was growing by leaps and bounds simply because it's so much fun. No one could have stopped it."
Brown went on to make many other documentaries, most notably the 1971 film "On Any Sunday," which gave the same treatment to motorcycle riding as "Endless Summer" did to surfing. A sequel, "On Any Sunday II," was released in 1981.
In 1994, he revisited his classic and made "The Endless Summer II" with his filmmaker son Dana Brown.
In 2009, he narrated a surfing-themed episode of "SpongeBob SquarePants" called "SpongeBob vs. The Big One."
Brown was born in San Francisco and raised in Long Beach.
He retired to a ranch near Santa Barbara, putting down the camera to ride motorcycles and surf.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Sign up to receive our free newsletters
E-mail:
Country: Select country UNITED STATES CANADA ABU DHABI ADEN AFGHANISTAN AL HUCEMAS IS ALBANIA ALGERIA ANDAMAN IS ANDORRA ANGOLA ANGUILLA ANTIGUA ARGENTINA ARMENIA ARUBA ASCENSION IS AUSTRALIA AUSTRIA AZERBAIJAN AZORES IS BAHAMAS BAHRAIN BANGLADESH BARBADOS BARBUDA BELARUS BELEARIC IS BELGIUM BELIZE BENIN BERMUDA BHUTAN BOLIVIA BORNEO BOSNIA-HERZEGOVINA BOTSWANA BRAZIL BRITISH VIRGIN IS BRITISH WEST INDIES BRUNEI BULGARIA BURKINA FASO BURUNDI CAMBODIA CAMEROON CANARY ISLANDS CAPE VERDE ISLANDS CAYMAN ISLANDS CENTRAL AFRICAN REP CHAD CHAFERINAS IS CHANNEL IS CHATHAM IS CHILE CHINA COCO ISLAND COLOMBIA COMOROS CONGO COOK IS COOK ISLANDS COSTA RICA CROATIA CUBA CYPRUS CZECH REPUBLIC DENMARK DJIBOUTI DOMINICA DOMINICAN REPUBLIC EAST TIMOR ECUADOR EGYPT EL SALVADOR ENGLAND ERITREA ESTONIA ETHIOPIA FAEROE ISLANDS FALKLAND ISLANDS FIJI FINLAND FRANCE FRENCH GUIANA FRENCH POLYNESIA FRENCH WEST INDIES FUTUNA ISLANDS GABON GAMBIA GAZA STRIP GEORGIA GERMANY GHANA GIBRALTAR GILBERT IS GREECE GREENLAND GRENADA GUADELOUPE GUATEMALA GUERNSEY GUINEA GUYANA HAITI HONDURAS HONG KONG HUNGARY ICELAND INDIA INDONESIA IRAN IRAQ IRELAND ISLE OF MAN ISRAEL ITALY IVORY COAST JAMAICA JAPAN JORDAN KAZAKHSTAN KENYA KIRGHIZIA KIRIBATI KOSOVO KUWAIT KYRGYZSTAN LAOS LATVIA LEBANON LESOTHO LIBERIA LIBYA LIECHTENSTEIN LITHUANIA LUXEMBOURG MACAO MACEDONIA MADAGASCAR MALAGASY MALAWI MALAYSIA MALDIVES MALI MALTA MARSHALL ISLANDS MARTINIQUE MAURITANIA MAURITIUS MAYOTTE MEXICO MICRONESIA MOLDOVA MOLUCA IS MONACO MONGOLIA MONTENEGRO MONTSERRAT MOROCCO MOZAMBIQUE MYANMAR NAMIBIA NAURU NEPAL NETHERLAND ANTILLES NETHERLANDS NEVIS NEW CALEDONIA NEW GUINEA NEW ZEALAND NICARAGUA NIGER NIGERIA NORTH KOREA NORTHERN IRELAND NORWAY OMAN ORKNEY IS PAKISTAN PALAU PALESTINE PANAMA PARACEL ISLANDS PARAGUAY PERU PHILIPPINES PHOENIX IS PITCAIRN IS POLAND PORTUGAL QATAR REUNION ROMANIA RUSSIA RWANDA SAN MARINO SAO TOME E PRINCIPE SARAWAK SAUDI ARABIA SCOTLAND SENEGAL SERBIA SEYCHELLES SIERRA LEONE SINGAPORE SLOVAK REPUBLIC SLOVENIA SOLOMON ISLANDS SOMALIA SOUTH AFRICA SOUTH KOREA SPAIN SRI LANKA ST CROIX ST KITTS ST LUCIA ST MAARTEN ST MARTIN ST PIERRE ST VINCENT SUDAN SURINAME SWAZILAND SWEDEN SWITZERLAND SYRIA TAHITI TAIWAN TAJIKISTAN TANZANIA TASMANIA THAILAND TIBET TOGO TONGA TRINIDAD AND TOBAGO TUNISIA TURKEY TURKMENISTAN TURKS ISLAND TUVALU UGANDA UKRAINE UNITED ARAB EMIRATES URUGUAY UZBEKISTAN VANUATU VATICAN CITY VENEZUELA VIETNAM WALES WALLIS ISLAND WESTERN SAHARA WESTERN SAMOA YEMEN ZAIRE ZAMBIA ZIMBABWE
By clicking below, I acknowledge and agree to Penton's Terms of Service and to Penton's use of my contact information to communicate with me about Penton's or its third-party partners' products, services, events and research opportunities. Penton's use of the information I provide will be consistent with Penton's Privacy Policy.
(Curtis Compton/Atlanta Journal-Constitution via AP). Potesters try to topple a Confederate monument with a chain Sunday, Aug. 13, 2017, at Piedmont Park in Atlanta. The peace monument at the 14th Street entrance depicts an angel of peace stilling the ...
(Albemarle-Charlottesville Regional Jail via AP). This photo provided by the Albemarle-Charlottesville Regional Jail shows James Alex Fields Jr., who was charged with second-degree murder and other counts after authorities say he rammed his car into a ...
(AP Photo/David Goldman). A photo of victim Heather Heyer sits beneath a statue depicting a Confederate soldier in Piedmont Park in Atlanta Monday, Aug. 14, 2017, that was vandalized with spray paint from protesters who marched through the city last ...
(AP Photo/David Goldman). A statue depicting a Confederate soldier in Piedmont Park in Atlanta is vandalized with spray paint Monday, Aug. 14, 2017, from protesters who marched through the city last night to protest the weekend violence in Charlottesvi...
(Shelby Lum/Richmond Times-Dispatch via AP). Protesters march on Broad Street late Sunday Aug. 13, 2017, in Richmond, Va. The group marched through the Fan District to the Lee Monument to Jackson Ward. The march was held a day after a white supremacist...
CHARLOTTESVILLE, Va. (AP) - The Latest on violent protests connected to a white nationalist rally in Virginia (all times local):
___
6 p.m.
Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe is directing his administration to conduct an "extensive review" of how police prepare and respond to rallies like the one that ended with deadly violence in Charlottesville.
The Democratic governor has adamantly supported how police handled Saturday's protests.
His office said Monday in a statement that he wants his administration to review how permits for such rallies are granted. McAuliffe also said he had directed his administration to form a commission focused on racial reconciliation. The governor said he wants "actionable recommendations" on what the state can do to promote unity and public safety.
___
6 p.m.
The driver charged with killing a woman at a white nationalist rally in Charlottesville worked as a security officer in Ohio.
Securitas Security Services USA, Inc. said in a statement on Monday that James Alex Fields Jr. worked for the company for two months starting in May 2016 and again from November to the present.
The company says the state of Ohio issued Fields a security officer license and that the man "performed his duties satisfactorily."
Securitas says Fields was on previously requested vacation leave when police say he rammed his car into a crowd of counter-protesters on Saturday, killing 32-year-old Heather Heyer. The company says Fields' employment has been terminated.
Fields has been charged with second-degree murder and other offenses.
___
6 p.m.
Accident investigators say there was no distress signal from a Virginia state police helicopter that crashed over the weekend near Charlottesville, where neo-Nazi and so-called alt-right demonstrators clashed with counter-protesters.
The National Transportation Safety Board said Monday that the helicopter was providing video to police of activities in downtown Charlottesville before it broke off to lend support to a motorcade for Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe. Within two minutes there was a 911 call reporting the crash, which happened 7 miles (10 kilometers) southwest of the Charlottesville airport.
Both state troopers on board were killed.
The board said the helicopter's vertical flight path was about 45 degrees when it descended into trees. The tail boom separated from the main wreckage and became lodged in a tree.
___
6 p.m.
The mother of a University of Virginia student injured when a car rammed through counter-protesters at a white nationalist rally says she hopes her daughter can be returned to Houston for medical treatment and recovery.
Ericka Chaves said Monday that her 20-year-old daughter, Natalie Romero, suffered a skull fracture and other injuries on Saturday in Charlottesville, which is home to the university.
Chaves says it's "really hard" for her daughter to talk, but she's tough. Chaves says she hopes her daughter doesn't return to the university after she heals.
Romero is attending the school on a scholarship. She was a leader at Houston's Bellaire High School's Junior ROTC program and was named outstanding ROTC cadet in 2016.
___
4:45 p.m.
Charlottesville Police Chief Al Thomas told a news conference Monday that a hotline was being set up to enable people to report assaults and other criminal activity that may have occurred at a weekend rally of white nationalists.
He also said "alt-right" rally attendees had failed to follow an agreed-upon plan on entering Emancipation Park. The attendees were gathering to protest plans to remove a Confederate statue.
The event also drew counter-protesters - and Thomas said the crowds became more aggressive and "mutually engaged combatants" became more violent.
When asked whether he had any regrets, he said: "Absolutely I have regrets. We lost three lives this weekend."
He was referring to 32-year-old Heather Heyer, who died after a car police say was driven by James Alex Fields Jr. rammed into a crowd of counter-protesters.
Two Virginia State Police officers also died when their helicopter, which was dispatched to the area, crashed just outside of Charlottesville.
___
3:30 p.m.
Google says it's canceling the registration of neo-Nazi website The Daily Stormer for violating its terms of service, after it posted an article mocking the woman who was run over and killed at a white nationalist rally in Virginia.
The site was briefly down Monday - following a move by registration company GoDaddy to also cancel the site's domain name. But after a short time it was back up, including a post from the website's publisher, Andrew Anglin, saying he had retaken control of the site. The site claimed it was briefly controlled by a member of the "Anonymous" group of hackers.
The article about Heather Heyer criticizes her appearance, that she had no children, and that she couldn't move fast enough to avoid the charging car.
The 32-year-old Heyer died after a car police say was driven by James Alex Fields Jr. rammed into a crowd of counter-protesters. The group was demonstrating against white nationalists who had gathered to oppose the removal of a statue of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee from a park in Charlottesville.
___
3 p.m.
Records from 911 calls show the driver charged with killing a woman at a white nationalist rally was previously accused of beating his mother and threatening her with a knife.
Authorities say 20-year-old James Fields drove his car into a crowd of counter-protesters on Saturday in Charlottesville. At least two dozen were wounded in addition to the woman killed.
The records the Florence Police Department in Kentucky show the man's mother had called police in 2011. Records show Fields' mother, Samantha Bloom, told police he stood behind her wielding a 12-inch knife. Bloom is disabled and uses a wheelchair.
In another incident in 2010, Bloom said that Fields smacked her in the head and locked her in the bathroom after she told him to stop playing video games. Bloom told officers Fields was on medication to control his temper.
___
3 p.m.
A spokeswoman for a hospital in Virginia says 10 patients treated there after a car ran into counter-protesters at a white nationalist rally have been released. Nine others are in good condition.
UVA Health System spokeswoman Angela Taylor gave the update Monday.
Twenty people were taken to UVA Medical Center after the car ran into the crowd Saturday in Charlottesville, Virginia. One, Heather Heyer, died. Five were initially in critical condition.
The hospital has said it treated additional patients related to Saturday's events beyond those 20, but that it can't give an exact number.
___
1:30 p.m.
A former classmate of the man accused of plowing his car into counter-protesters at a white nationalist rally says the suspect once said he went on a school trip to Germany so he could "get to the Fatherland."
Keegan McGrath told The Associated Press on Monday that he was roommates with James Alex Fields Jr. on that trip in 2015.
McGrath says he challenged Fields on his beliefs and went home early because he couldn't handle being in a room with Fields.
He says Fields seemed fairly normal before that at their school in Union, Kentucky.
Fields is charged with second-degree murder after authorities say he drove into a crowd in Charlottesville, Virginia, on Saturday, fatally injuring one woman and hurting 19 others.
A judge said Monday he'll appoint an attorney to represent Fields.
___
10:40 a.m.
A judge has denied bond for an Ohio man accused of plowing his car into a crowd at a white nationalist rally.
Judge Robert Downer said during a bond hearing Monday he would appoint a lawyer for James Alex Fields Jr.
Fields is charged with second-degree murder and other counts after authorities say he drove into the crowd, fatally injuring one woman and hurting 19 others.
The rally was held by white nationalists and others who oppose a plan to remove from a Charlottesville park of a statue of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee.
Fields has been in custody since Saturday.
A high school teacher said Fields was fascinated with Nazism, idolized Adolf Hitler and had been singled out by school officials in the 9th grade for his "deeply held, radical" convictions on race.
___
9:45 a.m.
A group that hosts a ceremony every year to re-dedicate an Atlanta monument depicting a Confederate soldier vows that it will be repaired after protesters spray-painted it and broke a chunk from it.
John Green, past commandant of the Old Guard of the Gate City Guard, said Monday it appears his group must now raise money to repair the 105-year-old statue damaged during a Sunday protest after the deadly weekend violence in Virginia.
City officials haven't commented on any plans for repairs or whether city funds would be used for that.
Green said removing the statue from Piedmont Park, a city park, is not an option.
He said the angel standing over the soldier represents peace, and it was created to help bring the nation back together after the Civil War.
___
7:40 a.m.
A prominent white nationalist website that promoted a Virginia rally that ended in deadly violence Saturday is losing its internet domain host.
GoDaddy tweeted late Sunday night that it has given the Daily Stormer 24 hours to move its domain to another provider because the site has violated GoDaddy's terms of service.
GoDaddy spokesman Dan Race tells the New York Daily News that the Daily Stormer violated its terms of service by labeling a woman killed in an attack at the event in Charlottesville "fat" and "childless." Heather Heyer was killed Saturday when police say a man plowed his car into a group of demonstrators protesting the white nationalist rally.
Shortly after GoDaddy tweeted its decision, the site posted an article claiming it had been hacked and would be shut down.
___
7:30 a.m.
Protesters spray-painted and broke a chunk off a statue depicting a Confederate soldier at an Atlanta park after they marched through the city to protest the weekend violence in Charlottesville, Virginia.
The Atlanta Journal-Constitution reports that a lone policeman at Piedmont Park on Sunday night was surrounded by black-clad protesters shouting "pig" as demonstrators used chains to try and destroy the Peace Monument.
The statue depicts a winged angel standing over a Confederate soldier.
Video from local news outlets showed red spray paint covering much of the monument following the demonstration.
The Atlanta protest was among several around the nation over the weekend that were organized after a chaotic white supremacist rally in Virginia ended with deadly violence.
___
7:30 a.m.
The German government is condemning the white nationalist rally in Virginia that turned violent Saturday, expressing solidarity with peaceful counter-protesters.
Chancellor Angela Merkel's spokesman Steffen Seibert told reporters Monday that it was an "absolutely repulsive scene at this extreme-right march."
He said "there was outrageous racism, anti-Semitism and hate in its most despicable form to be seen, and whenever it comes to such speech or such images it is repugnant."
He added that it's "completely contrary to what the chancellor and the German government works for politically, and we are in solidarity with those who stand peacefully against such aggressive extreme-right opinions."
Seibert says Merkel also regrets the death of a counter-protester and sent her sympathies to those injured.
___
3 a.m.
An Ohio man accused of plowing his car into counter-protesters at a white nationalist rally in Virginia is set to make his first court appearance.
Col. Martin Kumer, superintendent at the Albemarle-Charlottesville Regional Jail, says 20-year-old James Alex Fields Jr. has a bond hearing Monday morning.
Fields is charged with second-degree murder and other counts after authorities say he drove into the crowd, fatally injuring one woman and hurting 19 others.
Fields has been in custody since Saturday. Jail officials told The Associated Press they don't know if he's obtained an attorney.
A high school teacher said Fields was fascinated with Nazism, idolized Adolf Hitler and had been singled out by school officials in the 9th grade for his "deeply held, radical" convictions on race.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The 29-year-old has had nine boyfriends and she wants number ten to be “a rugged, real man” – will she meet him in the villa this year?
Laura Anderson is one of this year's original Love Island cast members.
Advertisement
The 29-year-old air stewardess is from Scotland but is currently living in Dubai. She's racked up an impressive nine boyfriends in her time – two of whom “were in the public eye”. Laura says one of her exes called her “argumentative” but she reckons she's learned from that and is “quite motherly” and “intense”.
Of her decision to go on the ITV2 show this year, Laura told RadioTimes.com and other press: “I was living in Dubai and had a really good job, cabin crew, it was a good life and I'd done it for a long time.
“But I broke up with my boyfriend and I don't make drastic decisions often so I thought I need to go for it, this is something that will push me to make a change. I love the show and meeting everyone so far has been amazing.”
Aged 29, Laura thinks she's got one up on the other Love Island contestants – “In some ways it's an advantage being older as I'm wiser and know what I want more, so I can judge people quicker.”
Asked which former contestant she was most like, Laura told us she was “Olivia and maybe a hint of Camilla. I know they're very different. I think Olivia is hilarious to be honest But I have a softer side like Camilla so both. People think I look like Olivia…”
Laura even went so far as to reveal she's been mistaken for Olivia Attwood while on holiday! Well, we can definitely see the resemblance…
Laura says her best attributes are her hair extensions – “glamorous” – and her style – “I'm dying to take my whole wardrobe into the villa”. She rates her sense of humour, too: “I'm funny I think, I always laugh at my own jokes.”
She admits, though, that her voice “might annoy people and that perhaps she tells “too many jokes”.
Did Laura date Dane Bowers?
Reports have claimed that Laura dated Another Level star Dane Bowers, and in February this year the Love Island star was posting pictures of herself and Dane on days out (although not overtly confirming the relationship):
Back in February, both Laura and Dane were living in Dubai which would tie in with them being together. Although in April Dane posted this on Instagram. Was it about Laura? We'll probably never know…
A post shared by Dane Bowers (@danebowers) on Apr 5, 2018 at 4:49pm PDT
What is Laura looking for in a boy?
Laura likes “a rugged, real man”. She says she goes for people who “know what they want” and that “age isn't a big deal at all”.
The last thing she wants is “arrogance and selfishness” in a boy. “It's so nice to see an amazing guy who doesn't realise how amazing he is, instead of someone who is a complete idiot and thinks they are bigger and better than anyone else,” she says.
Who is Laura Anderson? Key facts:
Who is Laura coupled up with on Love Island? Wes Nelson
Age: 29
Job: Airline cabin crew
Instagram: lauraanderson1x
Location: Stirling, Scotland
Advertisement
Love Island airs daily at 9pm on ITV2
Peter Moskowitz reveals why gentrification is about much more than just fancy coffee shops. Donate to order this gift now!
Essays on the very real dangers of antisemitism and the false accusations used to defend Israel, with a foreword by Judith Butler. Donate to order this gift now!
All season long, we camped, backpacked, paddle boarded, and hiked our way through the Pacific Northwest to find the best new outdoor gear for the first annual Digital Trends Outdoor Awards. After pushing each contender to the limit, we crowned our favorite products for Cooking, Sleeping, Trekking, Recreation, Unwinding, and a special award for Innovation. And we're giving away one of every winning product, so enter our contest!
Twenty years ago, boots were leather, canvas, and rubber, tooled in the same factory that produced your father's boots. Modern trekking gear is engineered, improved through science, and transformed by today's understanding of physiology. But it still aims to solve the same problem: Whether you're hitting the trail for a day hike or a week-long adventure, bringing along the right gear makes racking up the miles more of a joy and less of a chore. From boots to backpacks, keeping gear lightweight, comfortable, and functional is key — no one wants to cut their day short due to shoddy kit.
So as we field tested a variety of trekking equipment this summer, we kept those requirements in mind. And nothing complimented our adventures as the perfect trekking companion quite like Danner's Mountain 600 hiking boots.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Winner
Danner Mountain 600s
Danner has been crafting leather boots in Portland, Oregon since 1932, but the new Mountain 600s prove you can still improve on a time-tested formula. Rugged yet wildly comfortable, our test boots, cloaked in classy Saddle Tan, delivered a level of quality obvious from the moment you pick them up.
Before we continue gushing about our new favorite hiking boot, it's worth pointing out that Danner had some impressive competitors working to make your hike easier on the trail. From an Android Wear-powered adventure watch from Nixon to a mid-sized travel pack from Osprey — as well as some unique Insect Shield-treated clothing from Toad & Company — settling on this specific pair of boots took a bit of deliberation.
The Tech: In developing its new line of Mountain 600s, Danner combined its own classic styles with modern manufacturing and materials science smarts. For its Performance Heritage line, Danner teamed up with Italian rubber manufacturer Vibram to create a technical boot perfect for any season. A technically designed midsole gives wearers ultimate flexibility, while Vibram's Megagrip rubber outsole and self-adapting lugs keep you planted when the going gets slick. Vibram's engineers built pliable “flex lines” into the rubber to let the footprint expand over a larger surface, and Danner Dry waterproofing keeps you comfortable when things get wet, without weighing you down.
So why the Danner Mountain 600s? Beyond the smart engineering, they're just damn comfortable. From the moment we strapped them on to when we peeled them off after a day on the trail, they reliably provided ample ankle support, impressive grip and stability, and much-appreciated comfort, even fresh out of the box.
Vibram's patented Performance Elastomer (a unique new blend of rubber and EVA, a stretchy blend of ethylene and vinyl acetate) keeps the boot lightweight while still providing sufficient cushion. Danner Dry waterproofing also kept our feet from getting wet, whether dipped in puddles or drenched in streams.
A premium-priced boot, to be sure, Danner's Mountain 600s are still worth every penny of their $200 price tag. They're functional, versatile, and aesthetically pleasing, without sacrificing one quality for another. Whether we were setting up a few tents around a campsite or trudging through a backwoods trail, these boots were the perfect adventure partner.
Runners-up
Sure, it tracks steps like any other fitness band and delivers tweets like any other Android Wear watch, but Nixon's Mission Watch also gave us the ability to easily track snow, surf, and weather conditions, along with everything else you need to know outside. Having quick wrist access to activity-tracking apps worked wonders for pushing us further, faster, and higher. The extensive features come with a touch of a learning curve on this $400 watch — but hardcore athletes will dig in and revel in the data.
Not all backpacks are created equal. Osprey — which has won accolades for its sweat-fighting Anti-Gravity suspension design — went back to the drawing board for its upgraded Talon 22 daypack. Designed to be “lighter, nimbler, and more comfortable than ever,” the finished product achieves a level of versatility not typically seen in a pack this size. With ample storage space, an external hydration pouch, Osprey's patented AirSpace backpanel, and an innovative suspension system which deftly distributes weight, the $110 Talon is the daypack you won't want to take off at the end of the day.
Videos and photography by Dan Baker/Digitaltrends
Fashion is in a constant state of flux. You do not have to follow the latest trends: creating your own style is a great way to boost your confidence and look nice. Continue reading for tips to help you keep up with fashion.
If you tend to be a bit on the heavy side, do not try to hide your shape by dressing in baggy clothing. The added volume only accentuates your size and makes you look frumpy. Look for clothing that is more fitted around your waistline, but then flows away from your lower body to create more shape.
Do not use sponges to apply your liquid and cream based foundations and blushes. You will lose product in the sponge every time you do. Additionally, the sponge becomes a breeding ground for germs. Instead, use clean fingertips for application, switching fingers or cleaning them between different products or colors.
If you are starting to go gray, try using a vegetable dye. As long as it is just a few strands that are causing anxiety, this product should do the trick. It turns the gray a shade that is a tad lighter than the rest of your hair. Using vegetable dye will make it look as though you have nice, new highlights and will then fade out over about three months.
Do not use sponges to apply your liquid and cream based foundations and blushes. You will lose product in the sponge every time you do. Additionally, the sponge becomes a breeding ground for germs. Instead, use clean fingertips for application, switching fingers or cleaning them between different products or colors.
Always dress respectfully for the occasion. Don't wear a tube top if you're going to a wedding, and don't short to the prom. Learn to respect fashion traditions, even if you're tempted to defy them for no good reason. Is it really going to hurt to to put on that tie Mom wants you to wear to church? Showing respect in how you dress will gain you respect in return.
Never make the vital mistake of believing clothes are what makes you fashionable. What many are unaware of is that hair, poorly styled or in bad condition, can immediately ruin the look of even the most fabulous outfit. Invest in adequate hair care products, along with styling your hair properly so that it complements your style daily.
Don't listen to the people saying that wearing white once Labor Day has passed is wrong. They're actually the ones who are wrong. Any color is fine, as long as it fits you. If white is your most flattering color, then enjoy wearing it all year long. No modern fashion concious person cares about this rule.
Clean out your closet on a regular basis. The old saying "out with the old, in with the new" was never more applicable than in the world of fashion. Twice a year, go through your closet and donate those items that you haven't worn in a while. That way, you have room for more fabulous finds, and someone else is benefiting from your unneeded items.
A good tip if you're trying to improve your fashion sense is to take it easy on the logo designs if you're keen on certain brands. It looks silly when you're always wearing a shirt with a big fat logo on the front. Subtlety is the key here so you might want to tone it down sometimes.
Drink more water to help keep your cuticles and your nails healthy. These can often dry out when hydration is lacking. You should definitely keep this in mind during the dry and cold winter season. Use shea butter once or twice daily to moisturize your nails. You may also wish to apply shea butter and/or a heavy hand cream to your hands then don a pair of cotton gloves while sleeping.
Although denim has taken on many forms over the years, it is something that will never go out of style, regardless of its variations. A well-fitting pair of denim jeans looks good on anyone. This doesn't mean putting on a pair that is too tight. Your denim jeans should fit comfortably around your body.
Be familiar with the fashion styles that flatter the shape of your body. Do you have an hourglass, apple, or pear shape? Your shape will help to construct the particular style that works best for you.
Clean out your closet on a regular basis. The old saying "out with the old, in with the new" was never more applicable than in the world of fashion. Twice a year, go through your closet and donate those items that you haven't worn in a while. That way, you have room for more fabulous finds, and someone else is benefiting from your unneeded items.
The most popular colors nowadays for clothing are pastel colors. More specifically, mint green has been making a huge comeback this season. So, if you are into keeping up with the latest styles, purchase a nice mint green dress, a pair of heels, purse and use green makeup and nail polish.
One fashion barrier when wearing eyeliner, is keeping it from running or smearing throughout the day. To prevent this, you should ensure that you get the right brand of eyeliner. There are special brands that are stayed proof. These are ideal eyeliners that will last all day, every day.
Are you a woman with lots of curves? If so, then aim to wear skirts that will catch the eye. Avoid wearing eye-catching tops that will draw the eye up. Instead, wear long jackets that will draw eyes down. Also, you should wear a single color because it produces a slimming effect.
Wine colors, such as deep purples and dark reds, have been in fashion all year and are expected to be in fashion for the fall and winter as well. Burgundy coats, mahogany dresses and plum skirts are all some great choices. Just make sure to get wine-colored accessories as well.
You are going to want to increase your wardrobe for every occasion possible. This means you are going to want to get workout clothes, formal attire, business casual attire, and many other types of clothing so that you can be ready for any type of occasion that arises for you in the future.
There are many things to learn when it comes to fashion, and it's all how far you want to dive in. However, it's more about expressing your own style than anything else. Remember the tips and advice you've read here as you work towards expressing your own style of fashion.
A retired teacher is marking 20 years of looking after needy dogs in Leeds.
Denise Townson, from Pudsey, has been a volunteer with Dogs Trust Leeds since 1997.
In that time, she has notched up around 13,000 hours of helping to care for homeless hounds - the equivalent of a year and a half. She and her husband have even adopted four pets themselves from the York Road re-homing centre.
Denise first became involved with the charity after finding an abandoned stray in the city centre while on her lunch break.
“She was in a terrible state and one of my colleagues already volunteered at the re-homing centre so my first thought was to take her there and that was it, I was hooked!”
After retiring from Notre Dame Sixth Form College in 2010, Denise was able to increase her time spent volunteering.
“To volunteer as well as adopt is fantastic as you're helping lots of dogs, rather than just one and I've particularly built a bond with dogs that sadly have a very long wait for their special someone to fall in love with them. Most of the dogs we've adopted have had medical or behavioural issues and could have found themselves waiting quite some time for a home, so it has been wonderful to give them a forever home.”
One of the dogs Denice looks after is three-year-old Staffordshire bull terrier Desmond, who found himself without a home after being injured in a road accident.
“Desmond is a real character. We go on great walks, and we also have lots of cuddles and I always bring him some sausages which he loves. It would be a dream come true if he was to find his forever home.
“Seeing dogs head off with their new owners is definitely one of the best things about volunteering and thousands have headed home over the years, but it's particularly wonderful when a dog that has been at the centre for a long time finds their ideal home.”
Around 100 dogs are resident in the centre, and volunteers help to walk and feed them.
Reuters content is the intellectual property of Reuters Limited. Any copying, republication or redistribution of Reuters content, including by caching, framing or similar means is expressly prohibited without the prior consent of Reuters. Reuters shall not be liable for any errors or delays in content, or for any actions taken in reliance thereon. Reuters, the Reuters Logo, and the Sphere Logo are registered trademarks of the Reuters group of companies around the world. For additional information on other Reuters Services please visit the Reuters public web site - http://www.reuters.com.
'); StatBanner('btw', bl); } else { show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); } } } function mailru_ads(data, el) { if(data && data.length > 0) { var ban_location = $(el).attr("ntv-loc"); var bl = parseInt(ban_location); if(bl == 3 && typeof b240_callback !== 'undefined') { try { window[b240_callback](); } catch(e) {} } StatBanner('all', bl); } } if(_adsPreview == 1) { $(".mrg-tag").each(function(idx, value) { var el = $(this); var bl = parseInt(el.attr("ntv-loc")); //console.log("bl="+bl); var wrapperElement = this.parentNode; try{ wrapperElement.removeChild(this); } catch(e){} show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); }); } else { (MRGtag = window.MRGtag || []).push({ onNoAds:function(resp) { mailru_noAds(resp); }, onAdsLoaded: function(data, el){ mailru_ads(data, el); }, iframeMode: false }); } function StatBanner(type, place) { if (type == 'all') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_showed" }); } if (type == 'noAds') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_mailru_error" }); } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_top" }); try { reachGoal('banner_error_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_ntv_showed" }); } if (type == 'btw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_showed" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_showed'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'nobtw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_error" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_error'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4_ntv" }); } } $(function() { var o = document.createElement('vid' + 'eo'); if(isFInst && (!o || !o.canPlayType || !o.canPlayType('video/mp4; codecs="avc1.640029, mp4a.40.2"'))) { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "html5_media_support" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('html5_media_support'); } catch (e) {} } }); // -->
The work on Highway 4 following the collapse of the bridge near Bnei Brak will continue throughout the night, Israel Police said on Monday night.
Highway 4 remains closed in both directions from the Geha interchange to the Aluf Sadeh interchange. The exit from the Givat Shmuel interchange (Bar-Ilan) on Route 471 is closed to the north. The exit from the Aluf Sadeh interchange to Highway 4 northbound is closed as well.
Third Man Records has released a video of an exclusive video of U2 recording on their premises in Nashville. Bono and the crew performed an acoustic version of “Love Is Bigger Than Anything in its Way” from Songs of Experience, their most recent studio album released late last year. The performance was originally streamed on Facebook Live, where the band also performed “Red Flag Day,” also from Songs of Experience. The stripped-down session for the Jack-White-founded label is slated to be released on limited-edition vinyl soon, according to a note in the video description. Enjoy the song, free from the band's typical delay-drenched density, below.
On Friday, Sept. 22, the Publications Committee of Wake Forest held its first meeting in two academic years, in what was intended by Committee member and Associate Dean of the College, Tom Phillips, to be both a social event and general discussion of what challenges and opportunities student editors face.
As stated in the invitational email sent to elected faculty and student representatives, “The Publications Committee exists to support campus publications and the students who produce them.” Per the description of faculty committees listed on the university website, the Publications Committee meets “once per year or infrequently,” labeling it as a light time commitment for the elected faculty involved. The Committee, chaired by professor Remi Lanzoni, is composed of one faculty member from each academic Division and one representative from the School of Business.
During the hour-long meeting, Robert Bliss, the Committee representative from the School of Business, shared his opinions regarding the various chartered student publications on campus. Both Rachel Howland, Editor-in-chief of The Howler, and Becky Swig, Print Managing Editor of the Old Gold & Black represented their respective publications.
“I was optimistic and hoped that the people at the meeting would be able to offer interesting and applicable advice on how publications can improve on campus,” Howland said. “As an Editor-in-chief for a yearbook that I am proud of, I felt attacked in certain aspects of the meeting and especially in the response I got in the follow-up email.”
The email Howland refers to is one sent by Bliss on Sunday, Sept. 24, which shares, in-depth, his thoughts that were prompted as a result of the meeting.
“Right now, with a failing yearbook, and a troubled student newspaper, WFU is not an exemplar of a vibrant environment for student publications. Maybe the students just do not care,” Bliss said in his closing statement.
However, since the email was sent, students have reached out to the Old Gold & Black expressing concerns asking about the context and implications of this email. These students were not original recipients of this email, but given the easily transferable nature of this medium of communication, it was circulated to other students and faculty. When asked for further comments on his email, Bliss declined.
One concern that has surfaced in the wake of the meeting and circulated emails is the concept of journalistic independence and what it means to student publications.
In his email, Bliss wrote “The Howler appears to have an existential problem. This is a long-term issue and beyond the competence of the students involved in the publication to solve on their own.” In regard to the campus newspaper, he said “I have always thought the OG&B to be an amateurish student publication” and one that “lacks adult supervision.”
In response to the email, Phillips said that one faculty member “did not and does not speak for the Committee as a body and a whole” and “the Committee members have no interest in and no authority to intrude on the editorial independence of the Old Gold & Black or other chartered publications.”
Other members of the campus community outside of the Committee share similar sentiments.
“To me, having an ‘independent student newspaper' means having a student newspaper free from editorial oversight by non-students,” said Adam Goldstein, Dean of Students. “Editorial oversight by faculty or staff would inhibit the intellectual expression of ideas by students, a value we promote as part of our educational process.”
Phoebe Zerwick, Director of Journalism and advisor to the Old Gold & Black echoed Goldstein's comments.
“Students need to be able to hold universities accountable,” Zerwick said. “I don't think that the Publications Committee should be overseeing or in any way interfering with student publications. Whether that's the OGB, whether that's the Wake Forest Review, whether that's Her Campus, whether that's the Odyssey, I think we need a free student press on our campus.”
As a diverse community with varying ideologies, opinions and interests, each student publication intends to serve a unique purpose on this campus.
In addition to criticizing chartered publications, Bliss brought an unchartered publication, the Wake Forest Review, into the conversation via email, saying, “it should be accepted and provided the same visibility on the university's web site as the OG&B.”
Lanzoni disagreed.
“While [the Wake Forest Review] is indeed in its format quite proficient and serious in appearance, the content and delivery is problematic for an endorsement on a college campus,” Lanzoni wrote in an email. “Therefore, at this point, once again, I fully understand the reason why this type of publication cannot be endorsed by Student Government and funded by the Student Budget Advisory Committee.”
Founder and Executive Director of the Wake Forest Review, Sabin Sidney, in an official statement, responded to Lanzoni's criticisms and joined others in support of the importance of editorial independence in student publications.
“While Wake Forest Review and Old Gold & Black may differ in our missions,” Sydney wrote, “we share the value of ethical journalism and have a common objective to provide honest reporting that educates our Wake Forest community.”
Erin Stephens contributed to this story.
The conversation is continuing into this week over what happened in Charlottesville, Virginia. There are now questions about the future of one set of federal programs established under the Obama administration to target homegrown extremism called Countering Violent Extremism (CVE).
The idea of spending government money on trying to thwart terrorist plots has been a focus since the Sept. 11 attacks and was formalized in 2015 under the Department of Homeland Security. The programs under the CVE were given a $10 million budget. The idea was to use these funds to provide grants to help community organizations, city and county law enforcement and other groups whose mission was to prevent any terrorist activity in the U.S.
Both sides of the political aisle have raised concerns about the program. Some on the left argue the FBI and other federal law enforcement agencies have been granted too much access to private information. Some Republicans don't think the approach focuses enough on involving law enforcement.
Related Fighting terrorism online Why many businesses skip "terrorism insurance"
The Department of Homeland Security issued a revised list in June for which organizations were granted funding. There are 11 organizations that had been designated recipients of CVE grants from the Obama administration that will now have to go without, under President Trump.
The group Life After Hate would have received $400,000 under the Obama administration to expand its outreach and intervention services for former white supremacists, but that funding has been scrapped.
Faiza Patel, co-director of the Brennan Center's Liberty and National Security Program at New York University, said the Trump administration's focus is pretty specific.
“While these are pitched as community partnership programs, funding has now been rejiggered to go far more toward law enforcement agencies," she explained. "It's kind of undermining the whole idea that these are community partnerships.”
George Selim, the first head of the Countering Violent Extremism Task Force, resigned on July 28, so there are some lingering questions about the future of the CVE programs going forward.
Arsenal are ready to offload Theo Walcott in the January transfer window – and the England international is set to rejoin Southampton, according to the Daily Express.
Walcott, aged 28, joined the Gunners from the Saints in 2006.
He has scored 107 goals in 388 games for Arsenal, but currently finds himself out of manager Arsene Wenger's plans.
Walcott is yet to start a Premier League game so far this season and is on the fringes at the Emirates Stadium.
He has 18 months left to run on his £110,000-a-week contract. The Gunners look set to move the winger on before his value drops further towards the end of his deal.
Goal-shy Southampton will reportedly stump up around £12m-£15m – little more than the £9m fee they received from Arsenal 11 years ago – in order to add Walcott to Mauricio Pellegrino's squad.
They apparently face competition from Everton, West Ham United and Inter Milan for a player who made his debut for them as a 16-year-old in 2005.
DAVIE, Fla. — Miami Dolphins guard Jermon Bushrod has been ruled out of Monday night's game against New England because of a foot injury that has sidelined him since Week 11.
Backup quarterback Matt Moore (foot) and running back Damien Williams (shoulder) were also ruled out Saturday, as expected. Cornerback Cordrea Tankersley (ankle and shoulder) is doubtful.
Coach Adam Gase said he anticipates Bushrod will be able to play again this season.
——
More AP NFL: http://pro32.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP–NFL
——
Follow Steven Wine on Twitter: https://twitter.com/Steve–Wine
ST. LOUIS — A Missouri death row inmate whose life was spared by a last-minute stay of execution four years ago is asking the U.S. Supreme Court for another reprieve, claiming the process of killing him could cause blood-filled tumors to burst inside his head.
Russell Bucklew is scheduled to die by injection Tuesday evening for killing a former girlfriend's new boyfriend during a violent rampage in 1996. He would be the first Missouri prisoner put to death since January 2017.
Bucklew, 49, was within an hour of execution in May 2014 when the U.S. Supreme Court halted it over concerns about Bucklew's rare medical condition, cavernous hemangioma. The ailment causes weakened and malformed blood vessels, tumors in his head and throat and on his lip, and vein problems.
His attorney, Cheryl Pilate, is again asking the Supreme Court to intervene, claiming Bucklew's condition has only gotten worse.
The tumour on Bucklew's lip has grown substantially since 2014 and is now the size of a grape, Pilate said. She believes the internal tumors have grown, too, and will likely rupture and bleed during the execution, potentially causing Bucklew “to choke and cough on his own blood during the lethal injection process.”
Missouri Attorney General Josh Hawley disagrees, writing in his filing to the Supreme Court that the growth in Bucklew's mouth shrunk 10 per cent between 2010 and 2016.
The condition also compromises his veins, and Pilate said the fatal injection couldn't be administered in the typical way through an arm vein. Hawley wrote that the lethal dose of pentobarbital could be administered through a leg or other vein instead of the arm.
Pilate also has asked for clemency from Republican Gov. Eric Greitens. A spokesman for the governor declined comment.
Bucklew's appeals have suggested that if the execution is carried out, the state should use lethal gas instead of an injection of pentobarbital. Missouri law still provides for the option of lethal gas, but the state no longer has a gas chamber and has not used the method since 1965.
None of the 20 inmates executed since Missouri began using pentobarbital in 2013 have shown obvious signs of pain or suffering.
Bucklew became angry when his girlfriend, Stephanie Ray, ended their relationship in 1996. Hawley said in court filings that Bucklew slashed Ray's face with a knife, beat her and threatened to kill her. She took her children and left.
Over the next two weeks, Bucklew stalked Ray, even as he stole a car, firearms, two sets of handcuffs and duct tape. He eventually found out where she was staying and broke into the southeastern Missouri trailer home of Michael Sanders, Ray's new boyfriend, fatally shooting him. When Sanders' 6-year-old son came out of hiding, Bucklew shot at the boy and missed.
Bucklew pistol-whipped Ray, put her in handcuffs and dragged her to his car, where he raped her.
Police pursued Bucklew — a chase ending in a gunfight that wounded an officer. Once in jail, Bucklew managed to escape and went to the home of Ray's mother, where he attacked her with a hammer before he was finally captured.
Some civil rights organizations have joined in asking that Bucklew be allowed to live out his life in prison. In a letter last week to the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights, the American Civil Liberties Union wrote that executing Bucklew “would be egregious, torturous, and in violation of the U.S. and international law prohibiting torture, cruel, inhumane or degrading treatment or punishment.”
Bored with your workouts?
Let's face it, workouts can get boring and motivation can start to wane. If you are bored of your workouts then your body is probably bored of them too! Don't think you are alone if you just can't seem to muster up the motivation to work out today, tomorrow or even anytime this week.
I used to have this problem. I saw going to the gym as a chore and, quite frankly, boring, till I decided to focus on activities I truly enjoy. Often, getting started can be the hardest step to take. If you find that you are getting bored with your exercise program then making a few changes can inject a fresh lease of life into your workouts and really get you going again. Here are some ways you can switch up your exercise routine to make them more fun:
Use a timer
Training with a timer can keep you honest and motivated. Rather than just burning through 10 squats or 10 push ups, try setting your timer for 60 seconds and then seeing how many squats or push ups you can perform in that time. Record your result and then try and beat it next time.
Be your own challenge
Workout challenges are a great way to motivate you. CrossFit became highly successful because they laid out many of their workouts in a challenge format. So, a simple challenge may be 1500 metres on a rowing machine, 20 barbell squat and presses, and 20 chin ups. Complete in the quickest time possible and then try and beat that time next workout. The only person you should be competing against should be yourself.
Do everything only once
Repetition is often what makes many people get bored quickly. To avoid the repetition, perform more exercises in one giant circuit. So rather than performing 4 exercises for 3 circuits, perform 12 different exercises instead. Giant circuits are great because you know that once you are done with an exercise then you don't have to do it again.
Create movement variety
Did you know there is more than one way to perform a squat? You can side-step and squat, squat and press, squat and rotate, squat on one leg, jump squat etc. To add more fun to your workout why not perform three types of different squats rather than three sets of the same. Here's a nice progression: 1st round Yoga Squats, 2nd round Dumbbell Squat and Press, 3rd round Jump Squats. For me, sports give me the variety of movement I need. On the basketball court, I'm pretty much moving my body in all the ways it can.
Train with a partner
Training with a friend can be motivational especially if they are more motivated than you. Partner training is best when you take full advantage of it. One good method is: You go, I go. So, for example, your partner performs 20 kettlebell swings, then you perform 20 Swings, then your partner etc. You can do the same for sprints, swimming laps etc. Plus, your partner can drag you out of your house on the days you just don't feel like it, and vice versa.
Get outside
There is nothing more invigorating than training outside in nature. Have you ever tried a few hill sprints? What about a nice bodyweight workout under a tree? Go for a swim in the sea or outdoor pool. A change of environment can be all you need to freshen things up.
Switch equipment
I spent years training with a skipping rope, then I tried boxing and I was hooked. Later I picked up some kettlebells and couldn't get enough of them. Soon, I got addicted to the rowing machine. There are so many options out there so start to mix them up. Workouts are so much more fun if you use a different piece of equipment each time.
Back to basics
You don't need to do lots and lots of exercise in order to get the benefits. Some days, performing just one exercise well and to your full capacity is all you need. If you lift well, then 5 x 5 barbell deadlifts will leave you recovering for days. 10 minutes of kettlebell snatches will blow your mind. 100 bodyweight squats is a great start to the day! Sometimes you just need to keep it simple!
Play more
Who said workouts are all about running or lifting weights? Try one hour of kayaking for some great core engagement. Practice performing some handstands or forward rolls to reconnect with your natural movement skills. Improve your balance by working out with a bosu ball. Go climbing with a friend or just walk in the hills.
Exercise and workouts should not be a chore. Find something you love and then do more of it. Human movement is a natural part of our evolution, it's deep within us you just need to let it out!
This post was syndicated from The Guardian Nigeria Newspaper. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
You Need To Watch This Hectic Doccie About R Kelly And His Women [Video]
No doubt, R Kelly is as problematic as they come. Which is a pity, because he really is a genius when it comes to writing RnB tracks.
For years there have been allegations that he runs a sex cult out of his Atlanta mansion, which go so far as to accuse the R&B singer of grooming underage women and refusing to let them leave the house.
He has always denied those accusations.
But now, a new BBC3 documentary sheds light on this side of R Kelly.
Exploring the allegations surrounding the legend's sex life, reporter Ben Zand interviews those closest to the singer, including a former sound engineer and Timothy and Jonjelyn Savage, the parents of Joycelyn Savage, a current member of his so-called “degrading sex cult”.
In a snippet of the doccie below, James Lee, who worked on R Kelly's fifth studio album TP-2, describes what it was like to work with the artist:
Hectic, hey?
Well, the BBC reports that since the documentary aired, R Kelly's executive assistant of over 10 years, Diana Copeland, resigned, and that Linda Mensch, R Kelly's entertainment attorney of four years, has also quit.
Oh, and did I tell you you can watch the full, hour-long documentary below?
In case you're a bit confused, R Kelly's full name is Robert Sylvester Kelly.
[source:bbc]
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from 2oceansvibe.com. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
By Rami Abou-Sabe
Lady Gaga wrapped up her 90-minute weekend one headlining set Saturday (Apr. 15), but the singer will be back on Coachella grounds Tuesday (Apr. 18) and Wednesday (Apr. 19).
RELATED: Stream Lady Gaga's New Song ‘The Cure'
Set to film scenes for her upcoming big screen performance in A Star is Born, Gaga will be joined by co-star and director Bradley Cooper.
The duo will deliver a staged country concert to a set of Little Monster extras on the festival grounds; extras have been asked to wear denim and boots.
Be there when @ladygaga films for A #StarIsBorn on the #Coachella grounds nxt wk! Sign up now: https://t.co/2T7FDjkzmz — Warner Bros Pictures (@wbpictures) April 15, 2017
“Be in the audience as Bradley Cooper and Lady Gaga films scenes on the actual Coachella stages,” write the organizers. Help cheer and applaud their performances on camera.”
“The scenes for these days will portray a Country Western music concert. All you Monsters that can attend should get decked out in your most comfortable denim & boots, throw on a Stetson (leave those pink Joanne hats at home) and come out to show your support!”
MINNEAPOLIS — Snoop Dogg's Super Bowl week has been almost as busy as that of the Philadelphia Eagles and New England Patriots players who'll be competing.
He headlined BET's Super Bowl Gospel Celebration and debuted music from his upcoming gospel album on Thursday. He held a screening for his new Netflix series, “Coach Snoop,” on Friday. And he will work as the DJ of Playboy's Big Game Weekend Party on Saturday in Minneapolis, where the game is being played on Sunday.
Snoop Dogg is so popular that NFL icon Deion Sanders was extra excited when he saw him at Friday's event.
“Coach Snoop” follows Snoop Dogg guiding at-risk kids and helping them focus on their goals. The entertainer says the show is “an emotional roller coaster.”
On Monday, Lucas County Sheriff John Tharp reacted to President Trump's proposed death penalty for drug traffickers.
"I am not an advocate of going after the death penalty for those individuals that are selling narcotics," Sheriff Tharp said. "But, I do believe that those individuals that have sold heroin, fentanyl to individuals who have died should be punished."
Sheriff Tharp was integral in the creation of the D.A.R.T program that helps those who suffer an opioid overdose avoid jail time through intervention programs. The program has been looked at and replicated around the state.
Lucas County was also one of the first in the state to begin charging opioid dealers and traffickers with manslaughter if a buyer overdosed and died.
Sheriff Tharp says the death penalty is completely unnecessary to hold over these criminals heads, as the thought of decades in prison is already enough to give some dealers a second thought about their actions.
"I do believe that people think about it, and I do believe that those are coaching tools for family members, for friends, for people that are involved in dealing," Sheriff Tharp explained. "They know that there is going to be a ramification if someone dies from the drugs that they have sold."
Sheriff Tharp believes the work in Ohio is making progress, but says this could be a fight that could last another eight to 10 years.
Follow WTOL:
Download our app here.
Copyright 2018 WTOL. All rights reserved.
Getty Image
While Harvey Weinstein already surrendered himself to police, did his perp walk, and was arraigned in front of a judge in New York, a Grand Jury in the city has now indicted the disgraced mogul for the charges against him. The indictment (which you can read here) formally charges Weinstein with “rape in the first and third degrees, and criminal sexual act in the first degree” according to Deadline, and mirror the charges he faced during his court appearance last week.
Deadline adds that District Attorney Cyrus Vance had been criticized for moving slowly on some of the information given to the NYPD, including a reported groping claim against Weinstein in 2015. But the Grand Jury has “quietly been sitting for several weeks and issuing subpoenas” according to Deadline, and the indictment stands another avenue to hold the mogul accountable for the charges:
CALGARY — More than a year after resigning his seat in Parliament, Jason Kenney is hoping to take up a new one next week in the Alberta legislature.
The leader and architect of the United Conservative Party — a merger of the Progressive Conservative and Wildrose parties — is running in Thursday's provincial byelection. A victory would allow him to go head to head in the house with NDP Premier Rachel Notley.
The one-time federal Conservative cabinet minister is one of seven candidates in the Calgary Lougheed constituency, a sprawling community of palatial homes, multi-purpose dwellings and new neighbourhoods deep in the city's southwest.
It has traditionally voted Conservative.
Political observers say Kenney has the seat sewn up, but that suggestion makes him uneasy.
The biggest threat to our campaign is that our voters think we have this in the bag. United Conservative Party leader Jason Kenney
“The biggest threat to our campaign is that our voters think we have this in the bag,” Kenney said. “There's never such a thing in an election. Surprises always can happen and our message to them is not take that chance.
“We don't want it to go wrong. I hope to get every vote we can out there.”
Kenney is facing challenges from Phillip van der Merwe for the NDP, Alberta Liberal Leader David Khan and new Green Party Leader Romy Tittel. Rounding out the slate are Wayne Leslie of the Alberta Advantage Political Party Association, Lauren Thorsteinson from the Reform Party of Alberta and independent Larry Heather.
As byelections that are unlikely to be actually competitive go, this is one that's generating a lot of activity. Lori Williams
A Calgary political scientist says the Kenney name has drawn a slew of candidates to what would have normally been a run-of-the-mill byelection.
“As byelections that are unlikely to be actually competitive go, this is one that's generating a lot of activity … a lot of excitement. It's maybe an indication of some of the sentiments that are bubbling out there,” said Lori Williams from Mount Royal University.
“The other parties seem to be trying to take advantage of the profile of Jason Kenney to try and get their message out. They're staking out the landscape of what they represent and wanting to communicate that to Albertans right from the beginning.”
New Democrat candidate van der Merwe said he's not surprised at the attention the byelection is getting and suggested it might not be as easy for Kenney as he thinks.
“He hasn't lived in Calgary for 10 years,” said van der Merwe. “There was a sitting (legislature member) who gave up his seat and Kenney thinks he can just slide in there.”
Another party leader is hoping the byelection will give him a forum in the legislature.
“Most political parties and most people with political aspirations realize a byelection is a crucial time to showcase your policies and provide choice to those voters,” said Liberal Leader Khan, who doesn't have a seat now.
“It begs the question as to why you would not get involved in the byelection, especially one as high profile as this.”
The greatest challenge facing candidates may not be each other — it may be voter apathy.
One longtime constituency resident approached recently was aware of the byelection, but that was about it.
“I don't know who's running. I don't know anything about what's going on honestly,” said Daryl Beveridge, who was standing near a long row of election signs on a boulevard.
Beveridge said he wasn't sure he would cast a ballot on Thursday since he hasn't been a “very conscientious voter” in the past.
“For me, politics is something that we seem to have no control over.”
But he knows who he wouldn't vote for.
“We have an NDP government that's now making smaller businesses become harder to survive with this minimum wage and all the other decisions,” he said.
Michelle Smith said she probably won't be voting either.
“I don't really follow it that much. We've had a couple of people come to the door but that's it,” she said. “Since I don't follow it, I really don't pay much attention to what they're saying.”
VATICAN CITY — Pope Francis is cautioning bishops to avoid politicking, business and high society.
Francis elevated to bishops' rank three priests during a ceremony in St. Peter's Basilica on Monday evening.
He said bishops should “abandon the temptation to become princes,” and that they are tasked “more with serving than dominating.” He told them to be available to priests in their jurisdiction “the same day, or at most, the next day” after being sought.
Francis told the three they were chosen “not for business, not for high society, not for politics.” In his five years as pope, Francis has insisted clerics must serve the rank-and-file and avoid seeking glory.
The new bishops are: Monsignors Waldemar Stanislaw Sommertag from Pelplin diocese, Poland; Alfred Xuereb, Gozo diocese, Malta; and Jose Avelino Bettencourt, Ottawa archdiocese in Canada.
COLUMBUS, Ohio (WCMH) — An effort to legalize marijuana for both recreational and medical use could soon be back on the ballot again.
A group announced Monday morning that they are backing the “Free Market Adult Consumption of Marijuana” ballot issue for November 2018.
Voters rejected a similar effort in November 2015 with Issue 3 failing by a 2 to 1 margin. Lawmakers later legalized marijuana for medical use.
The Ohio Statehouse Newsroom posted a video of the announcement on its Facebook page.
There is more heartbreak and heroism in Cornwall as Aidan Turner's Ross sizes up a seat in Parliament
“Life is cheap” says Ross Poldark at the end of this cracking series opener –and don't we Poldark fans know it.
Advertisement
Warning: this article contains spoilers about Poldark series 4 episode 1
Because it's not the first time Ross has had to make a last ditch attempt to save a life from the hangman's noose.
In series two his own life hung in the balance – now Demelza's brothers, Drake and Sam Carne, were awaiting the scaffold after being convicted of the murder of a corn merchant during an affray. While they were lucky to have a stirring speech from 18th century Cornwall's answer to Che Guevara, poor Jago Martin was less fortunate.
Ross's rousing oratory about the strength of mercy was almost Biblical in its power and the purity of its message. But it was not enough to save Zacky's tearaway son, Ross clinging to his poor, distraught father as he was killed. It was a very moving moment that will be remembered, for my money, as one of the most powerful in Poldark.
Talking of memorable scenes, Aidan Turner's tricorned hero really was on storming form from the very first moment when he swam across a tumbling sea, his muscular chest fighting against the thundering waves, his only item of clothing a pair of linen shorts that cling tightly to his legs.
The audience at a preview screening of this episode cheered and laughed in equal measure when they saw this. It was cheesy, but there was a knowing, tongue-in-cheek nod here. It gave the fans (and Mariella Frostrup) what they wanted.
What followed was an immediate and subtle reminder of the bombshell of the series three climax when Eleanor Tomlinson's Demelza had given herself to the mooning poet Hugh Armitage. And while this infidelity was rarely addressed directly, it haunted every look between the pair and pretty much everyone else. Caroline Enys clearly knows about what went on; her look to Demelza at one stage felt almost saucy. So, it seems, does Ross – though he isn't enjoying it one bit.
“I saw you swim away,” said Demelza as she walked from the sand dunes with their children to meet him on the shore.
“No, I'm still here,” he replied, his remark as awash with meaning as Ross's smalls were sodden with seawater.
Ross and Demelza did later reflect over the fireside on the fall-out from Sand Dune-gate, asking themselves very modern questions about whether there is room in a person's heart for two people. Ross didn't get it all his own way: Demelza, still the street fighting Cornish girl at heart, reminded him that his feelings for Elizabeth haven't exactly been straightforward. However, given Mistress Warleggan's increasing devotion to awful George (she asked him into bed on the same night he had poor Zacky hanged), any of Ross's residual affection is likely to disappear fast.
Hugh meanwhile, was mainly stuck in his uncle's big house, dealing with chronic headaches and problems with his eyesight. Just before his dalliance with Demelza he had told her that he was going blind (quite a good chat-up line that) and it looks like that fate may befall him. He can still see well enough to write her his (to my mind, god awful) poems, mind. Though as Doctor Enys made clear, he won't be fit enough to stand for election.
We can all guess who is though, as politics enters Poldark front and centre. Prime Minister Pitt has called an election, and it looks like Ross is going to stand against ghastly George and win. He has had enough of standing up to injustice from the outside. He knows he needs his hands on the levers of power.
The trial and the unrest also has repercussions for Morwenna, who thought she was going to see her beloved Drake swing. Morwenna's awful husband Osborne Whitworth didn't seem troubled though, as he sat almost smirking by the scaffold while Jago and the boys awaited their fates.
The sex-crazed, toe-sucking cleric's dalliance with his wife's sister has been uncovered, which at least gives his poor wife an excuse not to renew what Ossie creepily referred to as their “conjugal bliss”. But Morwenna's passion for Drake continues to burn fiercely; this is a story which, like so many Poldark plot strands in Debbie Horsfield's beautifully written scripts, is artfully poised. How wonderful it would be to see Ossie get his comeuppance?
The Caroline/Dwight marriage seems to be the only one on an even keel. Dwight is gathering strength following his exertions in France in the last series and – joy of joys – Caroline is expecting a baby.
So, with Ross off to Westminster, and Demelza likely to be keeping the home fires of Nampara burning with Hugh's love letters, it is they who are in the running to be Cornwall's top couple. Maybe it's time for the dashing doc to start practising his front crawl?
Advertisement
Poldark continues on BBC1 on Sunday nights
OTTAWA — A semifinal loss at the 2013 Olympic Trials left the members of Team Homan crushed. It may have been the best thing that ever happened to them.
Skip Rachel Homan and her teammates made some changes for this quadrennial. Their efforts paid off Sunday when they booked their Olympic ticket with a 6-5 win over Chelsea Carey in the final of the Tim Hortons Roar of the Rings.
“You really have to lose before you win because you sometimes don't know how to win,” said former Team Homan coach Earle Morris.
Sherry Middaugh beat Homan four years ago in Winnipeg before falling to Jennifer Jones, who went on to win gold at the Sochi Games.
This time around, Jones was dispatched by Homan in the semifinals. The Ottawa skip then topped Carey for the title in front of a boisterous home crowd.
“We just kept getting better and better as the week went on,” Homan said.
Carey was down two with hammer in the 10th end. Her double takeout attempt only cleared one of Homan's stones and the celebration was on at Canadian Tire Centre.
Homan and third Emma Miskew jumped in each other's arms and were quickly joined by lead Lisa Weagle and second Joanne Courtney.
“(To win) in our hometown, we couldn't have written a better story,” Homan said. “We can't wait to represent Canada in Pyeongchang.”
Homan's lone loss in round-robin play was to Carey, who posted eight straight wins to get to the final.
Homan was aggressive at times and kept the mistakes to a minimum. Carey made some errors, including a missed peel in the first end that gave Homan an early lead.
A second steal followed and the crowd was eating it up. The momentum had shifted to Homan and she controlled the game the rest of the way.
“That game was won on inches here and there,” Homan said. “I'm just really proud of my team for sticking with it and battling through.”
The win caps an incredible calendar year for Homan. After taking the Ontario playdowns, she won her third national title, picked up her first world championship and is now heading to the Games for the first time.
“It gave us a lot of confidence coming into today,” Weagle said.
Tears of joy ran down their cheeks as the team members were presented with Team Canada jackets and medals.
“I should stop crying some time in the next week or so,” Courtney said.
Homan's team won its first Scotties Tournament of Hearts crowns in 2013 with Alison Kreviazuk at second. The rink took bronze at the world championship that year.
Kreviazuk left the team the next year to move to Sweden. Courtney — one of the best sweepers in the women's game — came on as her replacement.
Adam Kingsbury came aboard as coach two years ago and strengthened their mental game. The team is embracing the big moments and Homan has become even sharper as a skip.
“She's absolutely fearless,” Morris said. “She embraces the opportunities that are given. I think great athletes embrace the opportunities for greatness and that's what she does.”
Carey's lone loss came at the worst time. Her final throw overcurled just a touch and it proved costly.
“I had to hit it half an inch thinner but that was kind of the story of the game,” Carey said. “We were really close to lots of good stuff and it just wasn't our day.”
Carey got on the board with one point in the third end. Her Calgary team of third Cathy Overton-Clapham, second Jocelyn Peterman and lead Laine Peters played a strong fourth end to force Homan to a single.
Carey drew for one in the fifth and Homan took a 5-2 lead in the sixth end with a takeout for a deuce. Carey responded with a nose hit for two in the seventh.
After a blank in the eighth, Homan's final stone hung on for a single in the ninth.
“Technically they're better now than they ever were,” Morris said. “You watch them and you say, ‘This is a team built to win championships.'
Announced attendance was 7,490 to bring the overall total to 106,807. The venue has a capacity of about 17,000.
The men's final between Winnipeg's Mike McEwen and Calgary's Kevin Koe was scheduled for Sunday night.
Brad Jacobs of Sault Ste. Marie, Ont., won the 2013 men's Trials and went on to win gold at the Sochi Games. Jacobs did not make the playoffs at this year's Trials.
Curlers who are eliminated in team events still have a chance to qualify for Pyeongchang in mixed doubles, which is making its debut on the Olympic program.
The Canadian mixed doubles Trials are set for Jan. 2-7 in Portage la Prairie, Man. Canadian curlers who qualify in team events cannot compete in mixed doubles at the Games.
Homan's victory means Winnipeg's Michelle Englot will replace her as Team Canada at the Jan. 27-Feb. 4 Scotties Tournament of Hearts in Penticton, B.C.
——
Follow @GregoryStrongCP on Twitter.
Earlier this month, Chief Keef was arrested in Miami for the second time this year after being charged with a DUI. The drill scene alum was seen in handcuffs outside of his bright green Lamborghini, the same vehicle he was using for the then-in-the-works video for his recent loosie, “Minute.”
But now, Chief Keef is free and the video is complete and ready for your viewing pleasure. The video for “Minute” is fairly innocuous footage of Keef posing and riding around in the neon-colored whip, as most nouveau riche 21-year-olds are wont to do. Watch the pre-arrest joy below.
Robert Mueller Focusing on Trump Obstruction of Justice Since Election: REPORT
John McEnroe Paid 10x More Than Martina Navratilova for Wimbledon Broadcast Duties
Dear Evan Hansen star Ben Platt is impressing fans with an audition tape he shared online, singing “Maria” from West Side Story in his living room.
Tweeted Platt: “Actors spend lots of time making tapes that never see the light of day- usually embarrassing, poorly shot ones. This one I liked (it's still poorly shot) so I'm sharing it- I encourage fellow actors to do the same so long as the material is public stuff 😊”
It's not clear what the audition was for, but Steven Spielberg and ‘Angels in America' playwright Tony Kushner are developing a remake of the 1961 musical.
Name: Rustie Lee
Age: 68
Famous, why? For being a celebrity chef
Biography: Rustie Lee made a name for herself as a television chef, actress and singer – and she is even a former politician, having ran for UKIP.
Rustie says: “We were just laughing all the time. Although the heat was horrendous and I didn't like to see the very poor and the children on the streets at Mumbai. I didn't get to see much as everyone else as I was really ill and had to stay back. I'm still suffering now!
“I think people are lying about my age. I don't feel old and I don't worry about it because I try and keep my mind active with what I do. So I have no worries about that. Caribbean people on the whole live long lives – my grandma lived to 106.”
Here she is showing off her egg-boiling skills...
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
CLEARWATER, Fla. (WFLA) – Twelve critically endangered Kemp's ridley sea turtles were airlifted to the Clearwater Marine Aquarium for care on Friday.
The juvenile turtles were all severely affected by the cold-water temperatures in New England and were cold-stunned.
The New England Aquarium transported 46 cold-stunned turtle by private jet to Tampa.
Four rehabilitation facilities will assist in the recovery of the turtles.
The turtles are named after Santa, his reindeer, Frosty the Snowman and an elf.
Guests are able to visit the turtles at the Clearwater Marine Aquarium.
WHAT OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON RIGHT NOW:
Kinja Roundup · Kinja!
Adequate Man How Many Squares Of TP Do You Use Per Wipe? | The Slot Office of Government Ethics Recommends Disciplinary Action…
Two Winamac business owners were recently indicted on more than a handful of counts by a grand jury for health care fraud.
Michael Wilson and Jacqueline “Jay” Podell, who operated Transport Loving Care or Alliance EMS, were indicted on a count of conspiracy to commit health care fraud, four counts of health care fraud and a count of Medicaid health care fraud as part of a nationwide investigation into Medicare and Medicaid fraud.
The Northern District of Indiana Department of Justice recently released information of a national takedown resulting in charges against 601 individuals responsible for billions of dollars in fraud losses.
According to the indictment, Alliance EMS was opened in 2001 by Wilson. Podell joined his team and began handling the business billing including the Medicare billing. In 2009, Wilson ran into trouble with the Internal Revenue Service and Alliance EMS was dissolved.
Podell and Wilson are accused of trying “to obtain hundreds of thousands of dollars owned by and under the custody and control of the Medicare health care benefit program,” the indictment states. The reimbursement claims appeared to falsely represent the physical conditions of the patients that were being transported.
The indictment claims the two submitted more than $100,000 in ambulance transport claims regarding four different patients.
Marc Spelmann leaves everyone – including Ant McPartlin – in tears on Britain's Got Talent when he brings his blend of magic and mind-reading to the stage in the most moving way.
Advertisement
Without giving too much away, the 46-year-old North London based illusionist performs a truly spectacular trick using only a Rubik's cube, a children's toy, a Harry Potter book and a coloured crayon. Along with his two-year-old daughter Isabella, he seemingly predicts a whole host of outcomes that will leave you wondering if magic actually is real.
Meanwhile the devoted father talks candidly within his performance about the struggles he and his wife faced while going through five years of IVF treatment and his wife's cancer diagnosis.
Spelmann, a firm believer in what he calls “real magic”, blends illusion, mind reading and close-up tricks with a unique simplicity to create a truly memorable audition. But what else can he do?
What other tricks can Marc Spelmann do?
The magician's act involves some pretty mind blowing tricks.
This short video shows Spelmann performing close-up magic and illusions in front of various celebrities including Vic Reeves. He brings an understated charm to the tricks he performs, including one in particular involving a lighter and a napkin that is seemingly impossible.
In another video from his YouTube channel, Spelmann uses the simplest of props in the magician's arsenal: a pack of playing cards. In what is dubbed The Prestige Revelation, Spelmann's slight of hand will leave you looking on with wonder.
Advertisement
Britain's Got Talent airs Saturdays on ITV
Photo
The United States' nearly seven-year streak of job growth came to an end in September, as employers cut 33,000 jobs. But don't read too much into that decline — Hurricanes Harvey and Irma, which ravaged Texas and Florida, wreaked havoc on employment.
How do we know that the storms played a role? Workers said so themselves. The monthly jobs report is based in part on a survey of roughly 60,000 American households. One question on that survey asks whether people who normally have jobs were not at work because of bad weather. In a typical September, around 30,000 workers fall into that category; this year, that number was 1.5 million. Another nearly 3 million people reported working part-time because of the weather.
Harvey and Irma Kept Workers Off the Job Number of people not at work due to bad weather during September of each year. 2000 2005 2010 2015 m 1.0 0.5 0 1.5 million workers → 2000 2005 2010 2015 m 1.0 0.5 0 1.5 million workers →
Teasing out the exact impact of the storms is tricky. The Bureau of Labor Statistics acknowledged that the storms reduced total employment but didn't estimate the size of the effect. The government won't release state-specific data for another two weeks, and even then it will be hard to distinguish weather-related effects from other forces. (The monthly jobs numbers do not cover Puerto Rico, which was devastated by Hurricane Maria.)
Still, it is nearly certain that, had it not been for the hurricanes, job growth would have been positive for a record 84th consecutive month. Jonathan Wright, an economist affiliated with the Brookings Institution, estimated that Friday's report would have shown a 67,000 increase in jobs had it not been for the effect of the hurricanes.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The storms did not affect all industries or workers equally.
Jed Kolko, chief economist at Indeed.com, a job-search site, noted that September's employment declines were concentrated in low-wage industries. Employment in the leisure and hospitality sector, for example, which includes hotels, restaurants and other weather-dependent businesses, was cut by 111,000 jobs in September.
Hotel and Restaurant Jobs Plunged in September Monthly change in leisure and hospitality jobs. The effects of Hurricanes Harvey and Irma contributed to the September's big decline. 2014 2015 2016 2017 k 50 0 -50 -100 111,000 jobs lost in September → 2014 2015 2016 2017 k 50 0 -50 -100 111,000 jobs lost in September →
It was the first net loss of jobs in the industry since 2012, according to the government data. Low-wage, hourly workers in other industries may also have been disproportionately affected by the storm.
Former Auburn coach Pat Dye says his onetime Alabama counterpart Gene Stallings has suffered a mild stroke.
Dye says Stallings was taken to a Dallas-area hospital Monday morning. Dye says Stallings was at the Dallas/Fort Worth airport at the time awaiting a flight to Alabama for speaking engagements.
Both were scheduled to speak in Huntsville, Alabama, Monday night and in Montgomery Tuesday. Dye says Stallings told an event organizer that he wanted to reschedule "so he's optimistic about it."
Stallings, who led Alabama to the 1992 national championship had a stroke in May while in Montgomery to introduce Clemson coach Dabo Swinney at a banquet.
Stallings was the Crimson Tide coach from 1990-96. He's also a former Texas A&M and St. Louis/Phoenix Cardinals coach.
(Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
Manchester United have triggered a one-year extension in Ashley Young's contract, according to the Daily Mail.
The England international was due to be out of contract at the end of the season and would have been able to leave United on a free transfer.
But the Red Devils have taken up on option that allows them to extend Young's deal until June 2019.
The 32-year-old, who will celebrate his 33rd birthday before the start of the 2018/19 campaign, has been resurgent this season under Jose Mourinho.
He has established himself as Mourinho's first-choice left-back for much of the season and earned a recall to the England squad. He is in Gareth Southgate's squad to face Holland and Italy in friendlies this month and is in with a good shout of going to the World Cup this summer.
Young was signed by Sir Alex Ferguson from Aston Villa in 2011 and won the Premier League title in 2013.
VANCOUVER — A familiar voice is set to take over the mike on CBC Vancouver's morning show.
The station has announced Stephen Quinn will become the new host of The Early Edition starting Jan. 2.
He'll take over from longtime host Rick Cluff, who will retire later this month following 41 years at the public broadcaster.
Quinn currently hosts the afternoon program On The Coast after eight years as a civic affairs reporter for CBC.
He says hosting The Early Edition is a dream job and he's proud to be part of the team.
Gloria Macarenko, host of the noon show BC Almanac, will helm On The Coast.
By LARRY NEUMEISTER and TOM HAYS
Associated Press
NEW YORK (AP) - A New York judge set a June 15 deadline Wednesday for lawyers for President Donald Trump and his personal lawyer to make attorney-client privilege claims over data seized in April raids, saying it was important not to delay the criminal investigation.
U.S. District Judge Kimba Wood said a special taint team of prosecutors will make determinations after that date.
Wood presided over a hearing at which a prosecutor revealed that the contents of a shredder and two Blackberry devices were all that remained to be turned over to a court-appointed special master screening evidence for attorney-client privilege. Also reviewing the materials are lawyers for Trump's personal attorney, Michael Cohen, the president and the Trump Organization.
Cohen's lawyers asked to be allowed to review materials from the April 9 raids of Cohen's office and home until mid-July, but Wood said she had to balance their needs to protect their client with the need of prosecutors to pursue their criminal fraud case against Cohen.
Cohen attorney Todd Harrison said over a dozen lawyers had reviewed 1.3 million of over 3.7 million files received from the government, designating privilege as necessary.
Cohen did not speak during the court proceeding, which lasted more than an hour and featured a colorful argument between lawyers for Cohen and Trump on one side and California attorney Michael Avenatti on the other as they discussed Avenatti's public statements on behalf of his porn-star client, Stormy Daniels.
Daniels, whose real name is Stephanie Clifford, has said she had sex once with Trump, in 2006. Trump denies it. Daniels was not in court Wednesday.
Stephen Ryan, an attorney for Cohen, argued that Avenatti had acted outrageously by publicly releasing banking information related to Cohen and by criticizing Cohen in dozens of television appearances.
Ryan said Avenatti "intended to cause harm to my client and he succeeded."
Avenatti said a journalist had contacted him recently, claiming to have a recorded conversation between Cohen and an attorney who represented Daniels when Cohen arranged to pay her $130,000 as part of the non-disclosure agreement. He accused Cohen's lawyers of leaking the audio. Ryan denied it, but said if his firm had released those audio tapes, "it would be the biggest story in America."
Ryan at one point seemed critical of what he called "a very strange thing going on" between prosecutors and Avenatti, who claimed he had a good working relationship with the government lawyers and that he knew the lawyers and the FBI had not leaked the audio.
Ryan also called Avenatti and prosecutors "strange bedfellows."
If Avenatti formally joined the court case, he would have to end his "publicity tour on TV and elsewhere" and stop asserting that Cohen is guilty of wrongdoing, actions that could "potentially deprive him of a fair trial," the judge told Avenatti.
After the hearing, Avenatti formally withdrew his request to appear in the case.
Special Master Barbara Jones said in a letter Tuesday that lawyers for Cohen, Trump and the Trump Organization have designated more than 250 items as subject to attorney-client privilege. She said the material includes data from a video recorder.
Jones said more than a million pieces of data from three of Cohen's phones are ready to be given to criminal prosecutors, and more than 12,000 pages of documents from eight boxes that survived attorney-client privilege scrutiny already have been given back to prosecutors. More than a dozen electronic devices were seized or copied in the raids, and Jones said she has not yet received data from three seized items.
The raids on Cohen were triggered in part by a referral from special counsel Robert Mueller, who separately is looking into Russian interference in the 2016 U.S. presidential election.
Wood became involved after Cohen came to court, complaining that he feared attorney-client privilege would not be protected. Trump also expressed those concerns on Twitter.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The Brazilian Football Confederation (CBF) have announced that Rogério Caboclo has been appointed as the organisation's President following an uncontested election.
Caboclo is due to lead the CBF from 2019 to 2023 and will replace Marco Polo del Nero, who is currently suspended by FIFA.
Del Nero, a former member of FIFA's Executive Committee before resigning in 2015, was provisionally banned from all football activities for 90 days by FIFA in December following the United States Department of Justice investigation into football corruption, which began just under three years ago.
That suspension was increased by a further 45 days last month.
With del Nero banned from football activities, Caboclo, widely considered an ally of del Nero, has stepped into the role after winning the uncontested election.
Former CBF President Marco Polo del Nero recently had his suspension extended by FIFA ©Getty Images
Caboclo, who already serves as chief executive for the 2019 Copa America tournament, which is due to be hosted in Brazil, will now lead his country's delegation at this summer's FIFA World Cup in Russia.
"Our management will be marked by two pillars: efficiency and integrity," Caboclo said.
"Brazilian football is the most competitive in the world and our challenge is to make it bigger and bigger.
"We need more international visibility, create new revenue streams, and optimise existing ones.
"We have, and we will find, recipes that allow our clubs to overcome the exchange rate lag in relation to the clubs in Europe.
"Investing so that our young players stay here longer, investing so that the administration is more and more qualified and give support for our clubs to make modern and sustainable management practices."
Why it matters to you Law enforcement can't always move fast enough to fight wrongdoers on the darknet. But bad reviews could help keep them at bay.
Some parts of the darknet operate like an eBay or Amazon for illegal goods or services, ranging from the illicit to the abhorrent. And while law enforcement is proactively engaged with the problem, criminal investigations can take a long time to pursue, which is why experts are helping to come up with new ways to pour cold water on the darknet marketplace. One such researcher is Scott Duxbury, a sociology doctoral student at Ohio State University. Duxbury's idea for cracking down on darknet drug sales is strikingly simple: leave bad reviews.
“There's been a surge in darknet market purchasing over the past few years, some of the larger markets are bringing in over $500,000 per month,” Duxbury told Digital Trends. “We wanted to figure out how these markets behave, instead of just documenting the extent of trafficking. We wanted to examine the market as a complex system. So, how does it grow, where is it vulnerable, [and] what purchasing patterns sustain the market? We found that the biggest factor in market growth is trust. Contrary to what we'd expect, pricing has very little influence in how people decide to purchase drugs from the darknet. In another related study that we just presented at the American Sociological Association, we also found that the darknet drug market is more resilient to disruption attempts than real-world drug distribution rings.”
As part of Duxbury's research, he analyzed transactions between 57 sellers and 706 buyers in opioid-related darknet transactions. He concluded that 82 percent of users during the period valued trustworthiness over cost. His idea, therefore, is to flood sellers' pages with negative reviews, thereby rendering buyers unsure of who they can trust.
“Our evidence suggests that reviews count for more than on Clearnet markets or services, mainly because drug purchasing is high risk,” he continued. “Even without the threat of violence, drugs can be misidentified or contaminated with other substances, buyers have little recourse for fraud, and if a seller isn't subtle in how they package drugs, buyers could be at risk for being identified by law enforcement.”
Duxbury and his colleagues have received a two-year grant from the National Science Foundation to extend their study. Currently they are in the process of collecting additional data to see how the market grows and responds to interventions or external shocks. If all goes according to plan, maybe it won't be too long before a team of FBI agents — or maybe some smart bots — begin busting illegal drug rings.
A research paper was published in the Journal of Quantitative Criminology.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Rewind, The 80s Music Festival, will once again celebrate the music of the 1980s when it returns to Capesthorne Hall in Macclesfield for the fourth year from August 5-6 with a fantastic line up of stars.
Saturday night at Rewind North will feature a headline performance from New York's finest, Village People, and fellow chart toppers Sister Sledge. And you can rock out on Sunday night with the legendary Status Quo.
Other stars appearing at Rewind North 2017 include Tom Robinson, Altered Images, The Trevor Horn Band, The Blockheads, Hugh Cornwell, The Orchestra (featuring former members of Electric Light Orchestra), Junior Marvin's Wailers, Captain Sensible and Johnny Hates Jazz.
(Photo: UGC)
Appearing with super-group British Electric Foundation are Heaven 17's Glenn Gregory, Sex Pistol Glen Matlock, Jaki Graham, Owen Paul, Claudia Brucken and The Farm's Peter Hooton.
Level 42, Kim Wilde, Peter Hook and The Light, Roland Gift, Dr and The Medics, Belinda Carlisle, Toyah, Nick Heyward and T'Pau, complete the Rewind North weekend line-up.
(Photo: UGC)
Rewind Festival is a celebration of music, fun and good times set to a live 80s soundtrack from the biggest music icons from the decade of day-glo and big hair.
(Photo: UGC)
It's the biggest party of the summer with camping, glamping, posh nosh, theme bars, DJs, street entertainment, funfairs, silent disco, big top bars, kidzone, fireworks, trade stands, fancy dress and much more.
Full ticket outlet details and prices are available from the official Rewind website: www.rewindfestival.com.
#BBNaija: Miracle thanks Nigerians for voting him
The winner of Big Brother Naija Season 3, Miracle has written a short post of gratitude to Nigerians.
He shared a photo of himself as he prepared to step out on media rounds and used the opportunity to thank fans for their love and votes.
He wrote:
Wow! It's so good to be out here finally, I could never have imagined the love I've been receiving after getting out.
I'm eternally grateful, this Miracle here today is as a result of your love.
God bless you all.
Off to interview this Morning.
Sending out all the love to my Loved Ones ?
Leave a Comment…
comments
The post #BBNaija: Miracle thanks Nigerians for voting him appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Granted, hip-hop mogul Shawn “Jay-Z” Carter has won in so many arenas – the recording industry, artist and sports management, streaming and adult beverages – but it's still hard to say, yeah, THIS is savvy.
Related: Shocked Grandma In Photo With JAY-Z And Beyoncé Recalls Moment
Big Tigger reported in today's Trending Topics that Jay-Z just filed legal documents to obtain exclusive rights to The Roc (short for his Roc-a-fella imprint) hand signal. Also known as the Delta Sigma Theta sorority's hand signal. Also, the same diamond signal/symbol Diamond Dallas Page sued him over back in 2005.
Thing is, DDP (as he's known in wrestling circles) never trademarked it. And in comes HOV (one of many nicknames used by the artist's fans).
“Deltas [are] gonna have a lot to say about that,” Tigger predicted.
Netflix (NASDAQ: NFLX) reported quarterly results after the closing bell on Monday, April 17. This report covered the first quarter of fiscal year 2017.
Continue Reading Below
The digital-video expert fell just short of management's guidance for subscriber additions but delivered revenue right in line with projections alongside stronger bottom-line earnings. Netflix shares took a small dip right after the release but reversed course to 1.5% gains and fresh all-time highs later in the after-hours trading session.
Image source: Netflix.
Netflix's first quarter, by the numbers
Metric Q1 2017 Q1 2016 Guidance Target Year-Over-Year Change Streaming subscriber additions (U.S.) 1.42 million 2.23 million 1.5 million (36%) Streaming subscriber additions (International) 3.53 million 4.51 million 3.7 million (22%) Revenue $2.64 billion $1.96 billion N/A 35% Operating margin 9.7% 2.5% 9.1% 290% Net income $178 million $28 million $165 million 540% GAAP earnings per share (diluted) $0.40 $0.06 $0.37 570% Free cash flow ($423 million) ($261 million) N/A (62%)
Data source: Netflix.
Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT
What's happening behind the scenes?
Netflix saw 98.8 million total members in the first quarter, a 21% increase over the year-ago period. Annualized domestic customer growth stopped at 8.2%, while international accounts increased by 39%.
You could argue that Netflix broke through the 100 million global benchmarks this quarter, but only if you also include 3.9 million subscribers to the red-envelope DVD service. Netflix scored 102.7 million total subscribers on that basis, or a 19% year-over-year increase.
Subscriber additions came in just below guidance. Considering that the final tally of streaming subscribers fell within 0.3% of the official forecast, that miss looked more like a rounding error. This view gains support when you consider that Netflix met its revenue targets and exceeded the given profit goals, also by small margins.
The reporting structure was tweaked to include guidance figures for total revenue. On that note, CFO David Wells encouraged investors to focus more on top-line revenue and companywide operating margin. Subscriber numbers will still be provided, but Netflix is growing into a more traditional reporting mold here.
Free cash flow came in negative again, and the company plans to go back to the bond market in the second quarter. Last time we saw an announcement like that, Netflix raised $1 billion the following week.
Looking ahead
For the second quarter, Netflix set its targets at roughly 600,000 domestic subscriber additions and 2.6 million new international customers. This time, the company should jump over that 100 million subscriber level without any help from the DVD segment.
Top-line sales should increase by 31%, landing near $2.76 billion. Operating margin should dial back to approximately 4.4% because of a heavier production schedule; the full-year margin target remains at 7%. Accordingly, earnings should slide back to $0.15 per share. That's still nearly double the $0.09 per share Netflix reported in the second quarter of 2016.
10 stocks we like better than Netflix
When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the market.*
David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now… and Netflix wasn't one of them! That's right — they think these 10 stocks are even better buys.
Click here to learn about these picks!
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 3, 2017
Anders Bylund owns shares of Netflix. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Netflix. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
5 habits that will kill your entrepreneurial dream
You have dreamt about it. You can feel it and you are already making money from the enterprise you established. All in dreams. Reality dawns on you and you wish it your dream will become reality instantly. But that is not how it works. You have to work towards achieving your dreams especially if you hope to become an entrepreneur. But you are still lounging and dreaming. This may be due to some habits that you have imbibed over time and this can stop from bring your entrepreneurial dream to fruition. Jumia Travel, the leading online travel agency shares some of these habits.
Saying it's not the right time
You keep telling yourself that it is not the right time. When is it the right time for you to start your business? The truth is there is never a ‘right time' to kick off anything because if you wait forever you will do nothing. Start now!
Stressing over personal finances.
This has been said time and time again. You do not need to stress too much over your personal finance because it will always be a problem. If you dream to own a business, save money, reach out to friends and investors to source for finance.
Fear of the unknown
You are very comfortable in your comfort zone and you are afraid to leave. You fear what you are going to meet out there. It is better you face this fear and take the risk. It is advisable to try and fail than not taking any action due to fear of the unknown.
Indecision
Making a decision may be difficult but you can not run away from making that decision. You should consult your mentors and other experienced individuals to sort their advice before making that decision. Whatever you decide can make or mar you. Do not worry If it turns out wrong because you have learned a lesson.
Procrastination
We all have the tendency to make excuses for postponing tasks. Do whatever you want to do and face the risk. It is difficult but you have to try.
The post 5 habits that will kill your entrepreneurial dream appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Otley police station became a film set today when the cast and crew of a star-studded spy thriller arrived in town.
The town's nick has been hired by the producers of Official Secrets, which features Keira Knightley, Ralph Fiennes, Matt Smith and Matthew Goode.
Last week the stars were spotted shooting scenes for the movie in the village of Boston Spa, near Wetherby, as part of a location partnership with Screen Yorkshire.
Knightley was seen running to a car and photos also emerged of her on-screen church wedding to US-based Israeli actor Adam Bakri, who plays her love interest.
Passers-by said they spotted the Atonement actress and Doctor Who star Matt Smith in Otley today.
The political thriller tells the story of Katharine Gun, a British GCHQ translator who leaked secret documents about US activities ahead of the Irag invasion in 2003 to the media. She was later arrested and charged under the Official Secrets Act, but the case was dropped. She became a cause celebre when celebrities such as actor Sean Penn supported her case.
Knightley has taken the lead role as Gun and Smith will play journalist Martin Bright.
NEW YORK (AP) — The 25th South by Southwest Film Festival will kick off with John Krasinski's third directorial effort: the supernatural thriller "A Quiet Place."
The Austin, Texas, festival announced its slate Wednesday, starting with the opening selection of Krasinksi's film, which stars himself and Emily Blunt, his wife.
The festival is known for its robust genre selections and expansive indie offerings. The 2018 edition is full of both.
Premiering in Austin will be the Leslie Mann-John Cena comedy, "Blockers," about parents trying to keep their daughters from losing their virginity; "You Can Choose Your Family," with Jim Gaffigan as a father with a secret family; and "Boundaries," starring Christopher Plummer as a pot-dealing grandfather.
(WFLA) — Apps have completely changed the way we work, live and play and today they are getting some recognition.
It's National App Day!
Apps, which is short for “software application”, are the computer programs designed to run on your phone, tablet or watch.
Today there are over two million apps on both the Apple and Android platforms, and thousands more are introduced daily.
The latest is by main social media company Instagram, who plans to unveil a new app, called Direct, to enhance your one-on-one messaging experience.
The front facing camera will immediately appear on your screen when you open the Direct app, making it similar to rival app Snapchat.
The social media app plans to add more to dominate the filter game, which is currently why Snapchat is so popular.
The new app will become available today in Chile, Israel, Italy, Portugal, Turkey and Uruguay. There is no word when the app will be available in the states.
>> MORE FROM LILA'S DIGITAL DOWNLOAD
A reckless motorist on pain killers has been caught speeding at 128mph in a 50mph zone in a high-powered BMW X5 on the M1 motorway in Derbyshire.
Derby magistrates' court heard how Amir Nazari, 39, was captured on a camera speeding between Junctions 28a to 35a, of the M1, at Duckmanton.
Derby magistrates' court.
Prosecuting solicitor Jo Hargreaves said: “A BMW sport estate was captured on camera on the M1 northbound carriageway at Duckmanton driving at 128mph in excess of the 50mph limit.”
Police identified the car as a Scott Group Ltd leased vehicle and, according to Ms Hargeaves, Nazari initially provided officers with another man's name as the driver before Nazari later claimed he had made a mistake and that he had committed the offence.
He told the court: “I feel guilty. I am so sorry for what's happened. About a few days before the incident I was discharged from hospital. I was on pain killers.”
Nazari added: “I cannot remember speeding. I cannot remember what's been happening. I think I have got a clean licence. At the time of the incident I was in very bad pain. I was on pain killers.”
Businessman Nazari, who owns an Italian restaurant, claimed he was collecting specific equipment so it had not been possible to get one of his employees to make the journey.
He added that he has an open bladder and he has to catheterise himself and he suffers with infections.
Nazari said: “Without a driving licence my life is destroyed.”
Len Miller, chairman of the magistrates' bench, revealed that the bench was disappointed that legally the offence was not an imprisonable one because of their concerns about the speed.
Mr Miller told Nazari: “Despite the serious concerns my colleagues and I have, and the risk you posed to others and yourself, we are restricted to a financial penalty and a disqualification.
“Had it been different circumstances and there had been an accident or someone had been injured you would be in a much more serious position.”
Nazari said: “I feel guilty and I am very sad but please do not destroy my life because I have worked hard with this disability.”
But Mr Miller also stressed to Nazari he should not have been driving with medication in his system.
Nazari, of Larksfield Grove, Enfield, pleaded guilty to exceeding the speed limit after the incident on May 24.
Magistrates fined the defendant £513 and ordered him to pay £85 costs and a £51 victim surcharge.
Nazari was also disqualified from driving for 12 months.
The bench agreed the matter will be referred to the DVLA for them to establish whether the defendant should be driving in the future given his medical circumstances.
Following the hearing, Derbyshire police Sergeant Nick Beeston, said: “Gantries with a 50mph speed limit were in place because there was workforce in the road.
“Mr Nazari was driving at 128mph when he went through that speed camera and his speed involved him driving a mile in 36 seconds.
“So our concern was road safety and the high risk posed to other road-users in Derbyshire.
“He would have been on top of any hazard before he could have reacted to anything. If something had happened there would have been serious fatalities at that speed.”
Sgt Beeston, of Derbyshire Constabulary's Casualty, Redemption and Enforcement Support Team, warned police will track down any offenders who fail to take responsibility for their actions or pose a risk to road-users.
Perfume Genius has announced a U.S. tour, beginning with a performance at the Marfa Myths festival in May, and ending in San Francisco in July. These shows will be played in support of an as-yet-untitled new Perfume Genius album, the follow-up to Mike Hadreas's great and glammy Too Bright, released in 2014.
The Marfa Myths performance is a collaboration with Weyes Blood, and Hadreas will be joined by the avant-gospel singer serpentwithfeet for much of the rest of the tour. See the tour dates below:
05-09 Marfa, TX – Marfa Myths
05-10 Detroit, MI – Magic Stick Lounge
05-11 Toronto, Ontario – Virgin Mobile Mod Club
05-12 Montreal, Quebec – Theatre Fairmount
05-13 Boston, MA – Royale
05-15 Washington, DC – 9:30 Club
05-16 Brooklyn, NY – Brooklyn Steel
05-18 Philadelphia, PA – Union Transfer
05-19 Carrboro, NC – Cat's Cradle
05-20 Atlanta, GA – Terminal West
05-21 Nashville, TN – Exit/In
05-23 Milwaukee, WI – Cedar Cultural Center
05-24 Minneapolis, MN – Cedar Cultural Center
05-25 Chicago, IL – Lincoln Hall
06-16-17 Eaux Claires Festival – Eau Claire, WI
07-15 Vancouver, British Columbia – Imperial
07-16 Portland, OR – Revolution Hall
07-18 San Francisco, CA – The Independent
KNOXVILLE, Tenn. — The Latest on the sentencing of three defendants in the death of a teenage football player who shielded friends from gunfire (all times local):
5:45 p.m.
One defendant has received a life sentence and two co-defendants have been given prison terms of more than 100 years each for their roles in the 2015 death of a teenage football player who shielded friends from gunfire.
Knox County Criminal Court Judge Steven Sword sentenced Christopher Drone Bassett to life plus 35 years on Friday. Sword sentenced Richard Gregory Williams III to 143 years and Kipling Deshawn Colbert to 109 years.
Williams and Colbert both got 107-year sentences in connection with the slaying. Colbert also got an additional two-year term on an unrelated charge. Williams' 107-year term was added to a 36-year sentence he already was serving after being convicted of attempted murder last year in the shooting of Larry North, who was a reluctant witness for the state in this trial.
——
4:15 p.m.
One defendant has received a life sentence and two co-defendants have been given prison terms of more than 100 years each for their roles in the 2015 death of a teenage football player who shielded friends from gunfire.
Knox County Criminal Court Judge Steven Sword sentenced Christopher Drone Bassett to life plus 35 years on Friday. Sword sentenced Richard Gregory Williams III to 143 years and Kipling Deshawn Colbert to 109 years.
The sentences for Colbert and Williams include time given for charges not directly related to Dobson's death. It wasn't immediately clear how much time was given for each charge.
A jury convicted Bassett of first-degree murder on Dec. 14 in connection with the death of 15-year-old Zaevion Dobson. Jurors found Williams and Colbert guilty of facilitating the murder.
——
This story has been clarified to reflect that sentences for two of the defendants include time for unrelated charges.
Your new feed is accessible from its own tab on your Imgur home screen, right next to the "Most Viral" tab. You'll need to tap through a few tags of your own interests and your feed will fill up with images and GIFs from the people and tags you follow. You can up/down vote, comment and add favorites from the endless scroll of Imgur content. It's a nice way to just browse stuff you're interested in, instead of what's most viral on the service.
You can find Snacks in the search tab within the Imgur app. You'll see a bar at the top, just under the search field, with a curated list of GIFs that you can tap and just, well, watch. There doesn't appear to be a way to create your own list, unfortunately, which separates Snacks from the other social media story features.
Sergio Ramos insists the Spain squad are united in the goal of qualifying for the 2018 World Cup - and has backed up Gerard Pique's comments about the pair's "very good" relationship.
Ahead of Friday's qualifier against Albania, the Real Madrid defender spoke about a difficult week for his country following the violence at the Catalan independence referendum last Sunday.
However, while airing his belief that sport and politics shouldn't mix, Ramos hopes the country can now come together to cheer on the national team, as they bid to maintain top spot in Group G and secure a place in Russia next year.
Julen Lopetegui's side sit three points clear of the nearest rivals Italy in the standings, with their home tie against Albania followed by a trip to Israel on Monday.
"It is a mistake to mix politics and sport. It has not been an easy week - we must focus on Albania," Ramos told the media.
"We have all been united by the goal of the Albania game and to go one step further for the World Cup.
"It would be my fourth World Cup and it is something that fills me with pride, like being here, in every game, in every training session with Spain."
Ramos was also asked about Pique, who declared his continued commitment to the national team on Wednesday despite being booed by supporters during an open training session earlier in the week.
There was speculation the central-defensive pairing had fallen out over a tweet Barcelona's Pique posted in support of the controversial vote in Catalonia, but Spain's captain dismissed the idea of a rift.
"We have a very good relationship even though we think differently. There should not be any problem between us," Ramos said.
Green Bay man's experience in Okinawa during WWII shows him to have been much more than just husband of unfaithful wife
Source: WisconsinRapidsDailyTribune.com
News At Other State Sites:
1
WISCONSINREPORT.COM (WiscReport.com) is not affiliated with Wisconsin Government or any state agency, department, entity, or other website or printed publication with Wisconsin in it's name. Established in 2002, we operate completely independent from political parties and other forms of outside influence. Our Mission is to report the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth. We are WiscReport on Twitter and Facebook. A Morbizco Internet Media online publication. – WisconsinReport.com.
Learn More about WisconsinReport.com.
Claiming to have the world's longest flight may give an airline some bragging rights, but from a passenger standpoint nothing sounds worse than having to sit in the air for more than a dozen hours. The top five longest flights in the world take more than 16 hours to complete, giving jet lag a whole new scale.
But it's more than just a game of one-upmanship among airlines. Ultra-long-haul routes are possible thanks to lower fuel prices and more powerful and fuel-efficient planes that can fly nonstop – nearly around the world – without making a pit stop (point-to-point versus the hub-and-spoke model). For an airline, it opens up new or underserved markets. And with more fuel-efficient aircraft being developed, airlines can make a profit serving secondary faraway destinations that weren't economically feasible in the past. Case in point: United's Houston to Sydney, Australia route, or its San Francisco to Chengdu, China flight, both on the Boeing 787-9. And for passengers, a direct, nonstop route removes the need to spend more time on connections.
Connections are awful, but spending 15 hours or more in a confined space, with hundreds of other people, takes its own toll on the mind and body. Fortunately, most ultra-long-haul services offer hours of in-flight entertainment (IFE) to help you whittle away the travel time with a few movies – when you're not attempting to sleep, that is (we have gear to recommend for that). Many flights now include Wi-Fi, allowing you to stay connected to those on the ground or keep up with work. And there are airlines that go beyond the status quo by providing more comfortable seating (or as comfortable as coach seats get), better meal options, and tech amenities like power outlets or smartphone app-based activities. These amenities are no consolation for the agony you'll experience, but you can at least catch up on the summer blockbusters you missed.
Here are currently the five longest flights (by distance) you can fly, and what's offered onboard to help you make the most of the loss time.
LOS ANGELES -- Nick Foles is certainly not the quarterback both the fans and the Eagles wanted to see playing big fourth-quarter snaps on Sunday night against the Los Angeles Rams.
With Carson Wentz sidelined due to a potentially serious knee injury, however, Foles might be exactly the quarterback the Eagles need right now.
Short of being able to pluck any starter from another team, the Eagles should feel lucky they have the ability to turn to Foles for (potentially) the remainder of the season as they continue to make a push towards Super Bowl 52.
Foles gave a glimpse of why he could end up keeping the Eagles' season on track in the team's win over the Los Angeles Rams, when he completed a big third-down pass to receiver Nelson Agholor with less than two minutes to play and the team barely holding on.
Instant Analysis of Eagles' win over Rams
The throw, against one of the better defenses in the NFL, on the road in a playoff-like atmosphere, was a big-time throw, and it is part of the reason the Eagles are NFC East champions this morning because of it.
The Eagles gave Foles a two-year, $11 million deal this past offseason for moments like the one he stepped into on Sunday, and for the games coming up where they will count on him to make sure the offense won't skip a beat.
Can he get the job done?
Check out the video above to hear why inserting Foles in as the starting quarterback isn't a death sentence to the Eagles' season.
Eliot Shorr-Parks may be reached at eshorrpa@njadvancemedia.com. Follow him on Twitter @EliotShorrParks. Find NJ.com Eagles on Facebook.
The umpiring crew and replay officials ruled Rizzo did not interfere with Diaz. However, Major League Baseball executive Joe Torre informed both clubs Tuesday that Rizzo should have been called for interference for swiping Diaz's right leg.
Musgrove began the season on the disabled list with a strained right shoulder. He was acquired with three other players from the Houston Astros in an off-season trade for Gerrit Cole.
"I wasn't trying to get caught in proving anything because I was on a new team, but it does feel good to contribute right away," Musgrove said.
Musgrove outpitched Kyle Hendricks (4-4), who surrendered two runs and seven hits in five innings while striking out one and walking one. The Cubs' three-game winning streak was snapped.
"Honestly, I thought I threw pretty good," Hendricks said. "It was more of a battle mentally today for some reason."
Josh Harrison hit the sixth leadoff home run of his career in the bottom of the first inning and Gregory Polanco put the Pirates ahead 2-1 in the second with a sacrifice fly that scored Corey Dickerson, who led off with a triple. Polanco went 0 for 3 and is hitless in his last 21 at-bats.
Albert Almora Jr. led off the game with a double and scored on Baez's single as the Cubs took a quick 1-0 lead. However, Musgrove struck out Kyle Schwarber and Addison Russell to escape a bases-loaded jam and Chicago wound up stranding 11 runners.
Felipe Vazquez pitched a scoreless ninth, getting Kris Bryant to hit a game-ending groundout with two men on, for his 10th save in 13 opportunities. The left-hander blew each of his three previous chances.
Pittsburgh's Colin Moran and Chicago's Jason Heyward had three hits apiece.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Cubs: RHP Yu Darvish was found to have inflammation in his right triceps but no structural damage after undergoing an MRI. Signed to a $126-million, six-year contract in February as a free agent, Darvish last pitched May 20. ... RHP Carl Edwards Jr. (right shoulder inflammation) was placed on the 10-day disabled list and RHP Cory Mazzoni was recalled from Triple-A Iowa. Edwards felt pain after pitching one scoreless inning in Tuesday night's win over the Pirates. Mazzoni got two outs in a scoreless inning.
Pirates: C Francisco Cervelli returned to the lineup after missing three games with flu-like symptoms and was 0 for 4. ... RHP Ivan Nova (sprained right ring finger) will miss his second straight start Sunday at St. Louis and either pitch a simulated game or make a minor league rehab start before being activated from the DL. ... LHP Enny Romero (left shoulder impingement) has started throwing off the slope of the mound at extended spring training in Bradenton, Florida.
UP NEXT
Cubs: LHP Jose Quintana (5-4, 4.78 ERA) will start against Mets RHP Seth Lugo (1-1, 2.48) in the opener of a four-game series at New York. Quintana has a 3.18 ERA in five road starts, compared to a 6.66 mark in five home starts.
Pirates: RHP Trevor Williams (5-3, 3.43) will face Cardinals RHP Jack Flaherty (2-1, 2.15) in the first game of a four-game series at St. Louis. Since winning his first three starts this season, Williams is 2-3 with a 4.14 ERA in eight starts.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
By John Perrotto, The Associated Press
SALT LAKE CITY — TJ Haws scored a season-high 24 points as BYU defeated Weber State 74-68 on Saturday night in the second game of the inaugural Beehive Classic.
The tournament is scheduled to pit Utah, Utah State, BYU and Weber State against each other at the Utah Jazz's home arena with the opponents rotating each year.
Weber State (4-5) hung around despite missing starters Brekkott Chapman (foot) and Zach Braxton (Achilles). The Wildcats clawed their way to a 41-40 lead in the second half, but BYU (8-2) answered each time Weber State made a run. A Haws layup capped a 7-2 stretch to take a 61-53 lead.
Weber State's Dusty Baker made a reverse layup in traffic to bring the Wildcats within 68-66, but the Cougars made their free throws down the stretch to put away the game.
Haws knocked down four 3 pointers and added five assists while Yoeli Childs had 10 points and 10 rebounds.
Jerrick Harding's 29 points led Weber State and was two points shy of his season high. Baker finished with 13 and seven rebounds.
QUEBEC — Gregor MacLeod had a power-play goal 2:44 into overtime as the Quebec Remparts edged the Baie-Comeau Drakkar 2-1 on Friday in Quebec Major Junior Hockey League action.
Matthew Boucher also scored for the Remparts (27-19-5), while Antoine Samuel made 18 saves for the win.
Gabriel Fortier had the only goal for the Drakkar (22-24-4) and Francis Leclerc turned aside 28 shots.
Quebec went 2 for 5 on the power play and Baie-Comeau was 0 for 5 with the man advantage.
—
SAGUENEENS 3 OCEANIC 2 (OT)
CHICOUTIMI, Que. — Kevin Klima scored twice, including in overtime, as the Sagueneens slipped past Rimouski.
Samuel Houde also scored for Chicoutimi (20-24-4).
Mathieu Nadeau and Samuel Dove-McFalls scored for the Oceanic (30-13-6).
—
WILDCATS 5 MOOSEHEADS 1
MONCTON, N.B. — Anderson MacDonald opened the scoring in the first 1:19 of play with a power-play goal and the Wildcats built an early 5-0 lead to beat Halifax.
Dylan Seitz had the eventual winner for Moncton (22-21-8), while Nicholas Welsh, Jakob Pelletier and Daniil Miromanov also scored.
Brett Crossley was the lone scorer for the Mooseheads (32-12-6).
Moncton's Gabriel Sylvestre was given a match penalty for checking to the head at 14:19 of the third period.
—
TITAN 7 SCREAMING EAGLES 2
SYDNEY, N.S. — Mitchell Balmas and Olivier Galipeau had two goals apiece as Acadie-Bathurst beat Cape Breton.
Felix-Antoine Drolet, Noah Dobson and Samuel L'Italien rounded out the attack for the Titan (29-13-8).
Peyton Hoyt and Brooklyn Kalmikov scored for the Screaming Eagles (22-22-6).
—
ISLANDERS 5 SEA DOGS 2
SAINT JOHN, N.B. — Daniel Hardie had a pair of goals as Charlottetown beat the Sea Dogs.
Sullivan Sparkes had the eventual winner for the Islanders (28-18-3) at 19:27 of the first period. Thomas Casey and Nikita Alexandrov also scored for Charlottetown.
Ostap Safin and Luke Wilson replied for the Sea Dogs (12-29-9.
—
TIGRES 5 CATARACTES 2
SHAWINIGAN, Que. — Chase Harwell's short-handed goal in the second period was the eventual winner as Victoriaville downed the Cataractes.
Edouard Ouellet, Felix Lauzon, Ivan Kosorenkov and Dominic Cormier chipped in as well for the Tigres (26-18-6).
Leon Denny and Alex Plamondon scored for Shawinigan (14-32-3)
—
HUSKIES 4 FOREURS 1
VAL-D'OR, Que. — Patrik Hrehorcak had the third-period winner as Rouyn-Noranda topped Val-d'Or.
Justin Bergeron, Tommy Beaudoin and Peter Abbandonato rounded out the attack for the Huskies (30-12-8).
Julien Tessier scored for the Foreurs (18-27-4).
—
ARMADA 5 VOLTIGEURS 4
BOISBRIAND, Que. — Drake Batherson had a hat trick, including the short-handed winner, as the Armada edged Drummondville.
Joel Teasdale and Remy Anglehart also scored for the Armada (36-9-4).
Nicolas Guay struck twice for the Voltigeurs (34-14-2), while Robert Lynch and Connor Bramwell chipped in as well.
—
— This roundup was generated automatically with a CP-developed application.
Black Lives Matter Louisville tweeted this photo of the LMPD barricade on East Broadway on Sunday. (Source: Twitter/@BLMLouisville)
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) - Mayor Greg Fischer has asked LMPD Chief Steve Conrad to review the department's procedures concerning officer barricades and responses to public rallies.
Fischer released a statement on Monday in response to criticism about LMPD's actions during a Black Lives Matter march in downtown Louisville on Sunday.
The department received backlash when photos were shared on social media showing officers wielding sticks as they formed a barricade on East Broadway to disperse marchers.
@louisvillemayor Please explain this use of force for our peaceful march #Lville2Cville pic.twitter.com/f0ksihUOzU — BLM Louisville (@BLMLouisville) August 13, 2017
RELATED ARTICLES
+ Locals call for unity after Charlottesville violence
+ Meme mocking Charlottesville car attack sparks investigation into Shively officer
+ The Latest: Trump condemns KKK, neo-Nazis as 'thugs'
Statement from Louisville Mayor Greg Fischer:
"On Sunday, Aug. 13, our city hosted three separate rallies in support of the people of Charlottesville, Va., and in opposition of the acts of domestic terrorism that occurred there over the weekend.
I'm extremely proud that all of those events were peaceful. I'm proud of the marchers and grateful that the hundreds who participated were kept safe. And I appreciate the work of Louisville Metro Police Chief Steve Conrad and his officers to help ensure that safety.
I recognize, however, that some people were upset by steps that officers took to route people off the street and onto sidewalks during a Black Lives Matter march down Broadway after one of the rallies. When I first saw the photos and videos, I too, had concerns, which I shared with Chief Conrad on Sunday night.
It is important to keep in mind that the officers' responsibility was to keep people safe from traffic, to provide a safe space for them to march and to provide security in the event that counter-protesters emerged. And they were successful in those efforts.
Officers are trained to use a baton in the event that a horizontal police barricade is required in situations like this. I appreciate, though, that the batons prompted feelings of fear and mistrust among many of the marchers, their families and friends, as well as some who saw the images later.
That's a reality we cannot ignore. And that's why I asked the Chief to review how we should best handle incidents like this should they happen in the future. This review has started, and we will share its results with the community.
I take great pride in the willingness of Louisvillians to come together to talk out our differences and our challenges, no matter how difficult.
LMPD strives to be the most effective community partners they can be, and I reiterate my appreciation for their service and their desire to always improve.
I also ask our marchers to maximize effective communication and cooperation with LMPD, with peace, safety and constitutional rights for all being the guiding values.
I believe that trust in our community comes from transparency, and I commit that we will continue with transparency as one of my administration's values."
Copyright 2017 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
Inter forward Gabriel Barbosa insists he is "very happy" at the Serie A club despite struggling since making the move to Italy.
The four-time Brazil international is yet to score for Inter since arriving from Santos in August last year.
Despite signing a five-year deal, Gabigol has been linked with a move away, with Liverpool reportedly interested in January.
But the 20-year-old said he was content at Inter, despite the cold weather in Italy.
"It's a bit too cold, but I'm very happy here," Gabigol told the club's website.
"Everyone is helping me, giving me advice and the fact I'm playing with superstars who previously I'd only see in video games is amazing.
"I'm ecstatic about wearing the Inter shirt."
Gabigol scored 56 goals in 154 appearances in all competitions for Santos and has previously been compared to Barcelona and Brazil star Neymar.
But his wait for a first Inter goal continues, although Gabigol said he was unfazed.
"My first goal? It will happen when God wills it so. I'm just trying to work and help the team," he said.
"I want to thank the fans for everything they're doing for me."
The MonHealth Foundation hosted a golf tournament Monday at Pete Dye Golf Course in Bridgeport.
MonHealth hosted the fundraiser as a way to raise money for a radiation therapy center at the hospital.
It was the 27th Annual Golf Tournament and organizers said many improvements have been made possible because of events like this.
WASHINGTON — Riding in a motorcade in Lima, Peru, shortly after the 2016 election, President Barack Obama was struggling to understand Donald J. Trump's victory.
“What if we were wrong?” he asked aides riding with him in the armored presidential limousine.
He had read a column asserting that liberals had forgotten how important identity was to people and had promoted an empty cosmopolitan globalism that made many feels left behind. “Maybe we pushed too far,” Mr. Obama said. “Maybe people just want to fall back into their tribe.”
His aides reassured him that he still would have won had he been able to run for another term and that the next generation had more in common with him than with Mr. Trump. Mr. Obama, the first black man elected president, did not seem convinced. “Sometimes I wonder whether I was 10 or 20 years too early,” he said.
In the weeks after Mr. Trump's election, Mr. Obama went through multiple emotional stages, according to a new book by his longtime adviser Benjamin J. Rhodes. At times, the departing president took the long view, at other points, he flashed anger. He called Mr. Trump a “cartoon” figure who cared more about his crowd sizes than any particular policy. And he expressed rare self-doubt, wondering whether he had misjudged his own influence on American history.
Over the years Duncan Racing has helped out the Dirt Wheels crew when it comes to building fast project machines. We know they offer a good service of building engines and providing quality parts. We also understand why ATV riders would want to check out what all Duncan Racing offers for their quads. This is why we're providing this quick and easy reference guide. If you own a YFZ450, TRX450R, Banshee or Quadzilla here are clear pictures on what you need to know. For additional info check out http://www.duncanracing.com
WASHINGTON — After a drumbeat of anticipation, a secret memo was released Friday that President Donald Trump's allies in the media and Congress had predicted would set off a bombshell, exploding the entire foundation of the Russia investigation.
Spoiler alert: Not quite.
What the just-declassified memo does is allege that a key source in the Russia affair hated Trump, and that federal officials central to the probe against him played fast and loose with surveillance protocols.
“I think it's a disgrace,” Trump said Friday.
“A lot of people should be ashamed of themselves — and much worse than that.”
He made the remarks after approving the release of a four-page memo written by Devin Nunes, the Republican chair of the House intelligence committee. The memo centres on allegations of impropriety in how federal officials obtained the right to monitor Trump foreign-policy adviser Carter Page.
It alleges that:
— British ex-spy Christopher Steele detested Trump and was desperate to stop him from being president. At the time, it says Steele was being paid US$160,000 by a firm hired digging up dirt on behalf of the Hillary Clinton campaign.
— Steele talked to the media while also acting as an FBI informant. During the 2016 election, he communicated concerns — first to Yahoo News, then Mother Jones magazine — that Trump was compromised. The memo says he misled the FBI about his contacts with journalists.
The memo says the FBI later dropped him as a source: “Steele's numerous encounters with the media violated the cardinal rule of source handling — maintaining confidentiality — and demonstrated that Steele had become a less-than-reliable source for the FBI.”
— The FBI had leaned heavily on Steele's tips to renew a warrant to spy on Trump adviser Carter Page. The warrant was renewed in October 2013. Federal officials had previously monitored Page as early as 2013, amid concern he was a Russian asset.
— Federal officials did not disclose the partisan payments to Steele when they sought the warrant in national-security court.
–Several senior officials signed off on the warrant request, with one key name on that list: Rod Rosenstein. He is now the top Justice Department official in change of the Russia investigation. If he were fired and replaced with someone more hostile to the probe, his successor could either end the investigation or set new rules to constrain it.
Trump was asked whether he wanted to fire Rosenstein and replied: “You figure that one out.”
But the document unveiled Friday fell short of the more hyperbolic previews offered by Trump's staunchest allies.
One memorable example was Fox News prime-time host Sean Hannity, who predicted it would be worse than Watergate and would end the Mueller investigation by proving that it rested on a faulty foundation.
“Your witch hunt is now over,” Hannity declared on his show a few days ago.
There's a glaring weakness in the argument that the document fatally undermines the Russia probe.
It's pointed out in the document itself, in the final paragraph on the final page. The document confirms that the FBI counter-intelligence probe into the Trump campaign ties with Russia began in July — three months before the events described in the memo.
It says the FBI probe started in July 2016 as the result of a tip regarding another Trump aide, George Papadopoulos. Recent news reports have said the tip involved Papadopoulos disclosing over drinks with a European diplomat that the Russians had Hillary Clinton's emails.
Papadopoulos has since pleaded guilty to lying to the FBI, and is now co-operating with the Mueller probe.
Democrats dismissed the document as a dud, at best. At worst, they cast it as a dishonest work of partisan origami that cuts around inconvenient facts that remain classified and are central to the case.
Their view was shared by the fired head of the FBI who originally launched the Russia probe.
“That's it?” James Comey tweeted.
“Dishonest and misleading memo wrecked the House (intelligence) committee, destroyed trust with (the) Intelligence Community, damaged relationship with (the national-security) court, and inexcusably exposed classified investigation of an American citizen.
“For what? (Department of Justice) & FBI must keep doing their jobs.”
There was also criticism from the Republican side.
Sen. John McCain blasted unnamed people from his own party attacking law enforcement, and undermining an important probe into Russian election-meddling: “The latest attacks on the FBI and Department of Justice serve no American interests — no party's, no president's, only (Vladimir) Putin's,” McCain said in a statement.
“If we continue to undermine our own rule of law, we are doing Putin's job for him.”
Other Republicans took a nuanced view.
They said it was important to see the memo, which they say raises troubling questions about civil liberties and whether espionage processes were properly followed. On the other hand, they remained committed to the Russia investigation.
“I … remain 100 per cent confident in Special Counsel Robert Mueller,” said Republican lawmaker Trey Gowdy.
A similarly balanced take came from Will Hurd — a Republican lawmaker who used to be an undercover CIA counter-terrorism agent. Hurd voted for the release of the document, but explained in a Washington Post opinion piece that he wants the Mueller investigation to continue.
French federation president tips Zidane for future France job
The president of the French Football Federation has said he expects Zinedine Zidane to eventually manage France.
“That is a logical continuation. It is likely that one day he will be interested,” Noel Le Graet told RMC radio on Wednesday when asked about the prospect of Zidane coaching Les Bleus in the future.
The 44-year-old, who was the star of the France teams that won the 1998 World Cup and Euro 2000, is fresh from a stunningly successful first full season in charge of Real Madrid.
The Spanish giants, where Zidane finished his playing career, retained the Champions League title having pipped Barcelona to take the crown in La Liga for the first time since 2012.
“For the moment I think he still has a lot to give to Real and the club suits him perfectly,” added Le Graet, surprised by his rapid rise.
“I can't believe what he is doing. I spoke to him two or three years ago, and at the time I was strongly advising him to go to Bordeaux or somewhere else, to start his career at a Ligue 1 club or somewhere more modest.”
The post French federation president tips Zidane for future France job appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
By TOM WITHERSAP Sports Writer
CLEVELAND (AP) - Pacers guard Glenn Robinson III could play Monday night as Indiana tries to even its playoff series with the Cavaliers.
Robinson, who has missed the past 12 games with a sprained left calf, took part in the team's shootaround ahead of Game 2. Robinson didn't dress for Saturday's series opener, which the Pacers lost 109-108 to the defending NBA champions.
Robinson hasn't played since March 22 after injuring himself during a practice scrimmage.
Coach Nate McMillan isn't sure how much he can use the league's slam dunk champion, who returned to practice on Sunday.
Robinson gives McMillan depth and another perimeter weapon to throw at the Cavaliers, whose defense has been suspect all season.
The 23-year-old Robinson averaged 6.1 points and 3.6 rebounds in 69 games.
More NBA basketball: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
HOUSTON - Parents, community activists and the Houston Federation of Teachers are expected to voice their strong opposition Tuesday night to Houston Independent School District's plan to hand over 10 low-performing schools to a charter school company.
Under the contract, Energized for Stem Academy would take control of Kashmere High School, Wheatley High School, Worthing High School, Henry Middle School, Woodson Elementary School, Blackshear Elementary School, Dogan Elementary School, Highland Heights Elementary School, Mading Elementary School and Wesley Elementary School.
Energized for Stem Academy already operates three charter schools in HISD.
Rita Martinez has concerns about what will happen to the special education program her autistic son attends at Henry Middle School.
"The new charter school has nothing to offer me. Who will make sure that my son's learning needs are being met? Charter schools have zero experience in special education," Martinez said.
The Houston Federation of Teachers said there are too many unanswered questions about the charter school company's business practices and their plan for the 10 schools.
"I really have a question about whether this is about the kids or whether this is about making sure that the money continues to flow," said Zeph Capo, president of the Houston Federation of Teachers.
Channel 2 News reached out to the founder of Energized For Stem, Lois Bullock, but she did not return our calls.
Dr. James Douglas, who sits on the board of Energized for Stem, said the district would not have chosen Energized For Stem if it did not have a proven record of success.
"We don't have those issues that some of the other charter schools have had. This is in the best interest of HISD and best interest of these kids to let us bring HISD and these 10 schools up to the level of where they need to be," Douglas said.
The meeting starts at 6 p.m. at Hattie Mae White Educational Center.
KPRC is planning to livestream the event on this article.
Copyright 2018 by KPRC Click2Houston - All rights reserved.
VANDALIA – Greenville won both the boys and girls pole vault on Saturday at the Vandalia Butler Invitational track and field meet.
Senior Meg Rehmert won the girls pole vault by clearing 12 feet, which tied the meet record. Senior Lexi Addington finished fifth by clearing 10 feet.
Junior Ryan Trick won the boys pole vault by clearing 13 feet 6 inches. Junior Matthew Hounshell finished seventh by clearing 11 feet.
Senior Dalton Walls finished second in the boys 300 meter hurdles with a time of 42.68.
Junior Sierra Cress finished second in the girls discus with a throw of 104 feet 6 inches.
Freshman Emma Klosterman finished third in the girls high jump by clearing 5 feet.
Junior Sierra Cress finished third in the girls shot put with a toss of 35 feet 1 inch. Senior Kassidy York finished seventh with a toss of 31 feet 3.25 inches.
Greenville's quartet of Crist, Wood, Kirk and Wood finished fifth in the boys 4×200 meter relay in a time of 1:37.49.
Greenville's team of Hartle, Miller, Ruble and Maher finished sixth in the girls 4×800 meter relay in 11:20.37.
Junior Grace Coakley finished sixth in the girls 800-meter run in 2:36.13.
Greenville's quartet of Haupt, Ward, Oda and Klosterman finished seventh in the girls 4×200 meter relay with a time of 1:58.61.
Junior Grace Coakley finished seventh in the girls 1,600-meter run in 5:50.26.
Greenville's team of Coakley, Dull, Jennings and Hunt finished eighth in the girls 4×400 meter relay in 4:44.69.
Freshman Foster Cole finished eighth in the boys 110 meter hurdles in 17.95.
Greenville's squad of Elliot, Ward, Brandenburg and Hunt finished eighth in the girls 4×100 meter relay in a time of 55.50.
Senior Brooke Perriera finished eighth in the girls 3,200-meter run in 13:24.01.
Freshman Foster Cole finished eighth in the boys long jump by jumping 18 feet 8.25 inches.
Greenville's girls finished sixth out of 14 teams on Saturday while Greenville's boys finished 12th out of 16 teams.
For complete results from the meet, visit finishtiming.com.
http://dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_IMGP7119.jpg Kyle Shaner|The Daily Advocate http://dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_IMGP7120.jpg Kyle Shaner|The Daily Advocate http://dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_IMGP7125.jpg Kyle Shaner|The Daily Advocate http://dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_IMGP7126.jpg Kyle Shaner|The Daily Advocate http://dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_IMGP7127.jpg Kyle Shaner|The Daily Advocate http://dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_IMGP7130.jpg Kyle Shaner|The Daily Advocate http://dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_IMGP7131.jpg Kyle Shaner|The Daily Advocate http://dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_IMGP7135.jpg Kyle Shaner|The Daily Advocate http://dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_IMGP7137.jpg Kyle Shaner|The Daily Advocate http://dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_IMGP7139.jpg Kyle Shaner|The Daily Advocate http://dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_IMGP7143.jpg Kyle Shaner|The Daily Advocate http://dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_IMGP7146.jpg Kyle Shaner|The Daily Advocate http://dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_IMGP7147.jpg Kyle Shaner|The Daily Advocate http://dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_IMGP7149.jpg Kyle Shaner|The Daily Advocate http://dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_IMGP7153.jpg Kyle Shaner|The Daily Advocate http://dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_IMGP7161.jpg Kyle Shaner|The Daily Advocate http://dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_IMGP7167.jpg Kyle Shaner|The Daily Advocate http://dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_IMGP7169.jpg Kyle Shaner|The Daily Advocate http://dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_IMGP7171.jpg Kyle Shaner|The Daily Advocate Greenville's Meg Rehmert clears the bar during the girls pole vault on Saturday at the Vandalia Butler Invitational track and field meet in Vandalia. http://dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_Meg-Rehmert-WEB.jpg Greenville's Meg Rehmert clears the bar during the girls pole vault on Saturday at the Vandalia Butler Invitational track and field meet in Vandalia. Kyle Shaner|The Daily Advocate
By Kyle Shaner [email protected]
Kyle Shaner may be reached at 937-569-4316. Follow me on Twitter @KShanerAdvocate or get updates on Facebook by searching Darke County Sports or Advocate 360. For more features online go to dailyadvocate.com.
Kyle Shaner may be reached at 937-569-4316. Follow me on Twitter @KShanerAdvocate or get updates on Facebook by searching Darke County Sports or Advocate 360. For more features online go to dailyadvocate.com.
NEW ORLEANS — The New Orleans Pelicans say they've voided around 2,500 playoff tickets that were purchased improperly during a pre-sale event for the second round of the NBA playoffs.
The club says the event was designed exclusively for season-tickets holders, but that codes provided for online purchases were shared with people who were not eligible for the promotion.
The Pelicans say they have not previously had a problem with the improper sharing of promotional codes for ticket sales, but that an “unprecedented demand for playoff tickets resulted in tickets being purchased by non-season ticket or partial season ticket holders.”
The club says it conducted a review of the presale and voided all purchases from unqualified buyers.
The Pelicans say they have sought to notify those whose tickets have been voided, as well as business which sell Pelicans tickets on the secondary market.
——
For more AP NBA coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
1 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Reddit
Story by Anna Muckenfuss, News Reporter
Max Correa, an Appalachian State freshman, announced his candidacy for governor of Kansas. Correa is a biochemistry major and has no familial ties in Kansas, nor has he ever stepped foot in the state.
“When the opportunity arose for me to enter politics, I realized that I could make something out of this chance to run for governor,” Correa said. “The Kansas governing body shut down the idea of a dog running for office because it wasn't a human being, but after looking into it and seeing there were no regulations regarding human candidates, I decided to launch my campaign.”
To run for the office of governor, several states have passed certain regulations and rules that must be followed in order for the candidacy to be accepted. According to their individual constitutions, six states require a candidate to be at least 18 to run, and two of those states require that the candidates be a registered voter. South Dakota is the only state that requires a candidate to be 21 to run for the office of governor, while six states require an age of 25, Oklahoma requires an age of 31, and 34 states require an age of 30. Kansas and Vermont are the only states with no age requirement.
William Hicks, a professor of political science at Appalachian State, said that young people in North Carolina can run for office. It all just depends on how you define “young.”
“To run for Governor in this state you have to be at least 30. There aren't strong reasons to assume, absent other information, that a 30 year old is significantly more capable than a 29-year-old. Supporters of amending eligibility criteria like this would argue that whether or not a person is competent should be up to voters (not an arbitrary age requirement), and we shouldn't limit the talent pool. I see some value in this argument.”
“I admit that my weakness in this election would be my youth,” Correa said. “Some might think that just because I'm young and have no experience in politics that I won't be able to do the job, but because I'm so young I have a fresh set of eyes. That being said, I can bring new ideals and policies that younger people have been pushing for that the baby boomer generation and Generation X and Y have not been able to accomplish.”
Correa's campaign is designed to appeal to the younger generations that would begin voting during the election season. Correa's campaign also draws elements from Jewish concepts he learned as a child. To help resolve conflict within the state legislature, Correa said he would use a concept called tikkun olam, which roughly translates to “repairing the world.” Correa also said he hopes to introduce the idea of communal settlements that can be found in Israel called kibbutz.
“People within these communities would also work in the community,” Correa said. “I want to take this idea and mold it, so that families won't have to pay thousands of dollars for their children to have a college education. The kids can instead work part time and use the profits to go towards their tuition.”
If elected to the office of governor, Correa said he will drop out of App State and move to Topeka and enroll as a part-time student at the University of Kansas. With many issues to address as governor, Correa plans to devote time to the opioid crisis.
The opioid crisis has spread all across the country. According to North Carolina Health and Human Services, from 1999 to 2016, more than 12,000 North Carolinians died from opioid overdose. To prevent more deaths by overdose, Correa said he wants to looks to rural areas of the state.
“The Opioid Crisis is something that all Americans, regardless of identity or class, need to come together to fight. I hope to lower rates of overdoses by offering state-owned properties to pharmaceutical companies so as to reduce the cost of Narcan production, making the lifesaving medication both affordable and more available to Kansans and Americans writ large,” according to Correa's campaign website.
Even though Correa launched his campaign before talking with him, Correa says Hicks influenced him to run for office.
“I'm happy to see that he (Correa) is becoming so involved in politics,” Hicks said. “I'm always in favor of young folks getting involved in politics. If nothing else, it teaches them valuable lessons about political processes.”
“I want to help Kansas become a powerhouse. I'm not afraid of getting a little dirt on my hands. Regardless of who you are, I'll fight for you,” according to Correa's campaign website.
#KansasToTheMax
SMITHFIELD, R.I. — Senior Joel Hernandez poured in a career-high 32 points and sophomore Julian Batts added a career-best 27 to power LIU Brooklyn to an 84-71 victory over Bryant on Saturday.
Hernandez, who scored a personal-best 30 his last time out in a win over Sacred Heart, hit 12 of 23 from the floor and grabbed eight rebounds for the Blackbirds (12-13, 7-5 Northeast Conference). Batts buried a career-high seven 3-pointers as LIU Brooklyn shot 44 per cent from the floor and 40 per cent (14 of 35) from distance. Batts snared nine rebounds, tying his best effort on the boards. The Blackbirds, who picked up their third straight victory, won the rebound battle 51-37.
Ikenna Ndugba topped the Bulldogs (2-23, 1-11) with 18 points. Adam Grant and Tanner Johnson added 15 and 14 points, respectively, while Brandon Carroll snagged 10 rebounds to go with nine points. Bryant, which had an 11-game losing streak earlier this season, has now dropped eight straight.
The Bulldogs made just 28 of 77 shots from the floor (36 per cent), including 7 of 34 from distance (21 per cent).
ROCKVILLE, Md. — A man has been convicted in Maryland of multiple felonies after authorities say he used a tracking device to monitor a casino patron in order to rob him.
The Washington Post reports that jurors have found Kevin Carroll guilty on armed robbery, assault and other charges following a trial.
Prosecutors say Carroll stuck a GPS tracking device on a fellow casino gambler's car. He and an accomplice later conducted robbery at the man's home in Montgomery County. The newspaper says the victim's teenage daughter testified that the intruders marched her 21-year-old brother through the house looking for money. Her mouth was covered by tape.
Prosecutors say investigators found duct tape with Carroll's DNA.
The intruders took $6,000 in cash.
Defence attorney Andrew Jezic says Carroll will appeal.
——
Information from: The Washington Post, http://www.washingtonpost.com
OXON HILL, Md. — The Latest on the Scripps National Spelling Bee (all times local):
6:05 p.m.
Forty-one spellers have advanced to the finals of the Scripps National Spelling Bee out of a field of 516, by far the biggest in the 93-year history of the competition.
The finalists were announced Wednesday after two days of onstage spelling during which nearly 200 spellers were eliminated for getting words wrong. Scores on a written spelling and vocabulary test determined who advanced to the finals.
There were no perfect scores on the test. Bee executive director Paige Kimble says, “We thought it was an easy test. We were wrong.”
The top scorers were Shruthika Padhy, Aisha Randhawa and Karthik Nemmani.
Shruthika already came into the bee as one of the favourites, having finished in seventh place last year.
The past 13 champions and 18 of the last 22 have been Indian-American.
5:19 p.m.
With the Scripps National Spelling Bee extended to three days this year, longtime pronouncer Jacques Bailly finally needed some help.
Bailly's understudy for the past 16 years, the Rev. Brian Sietsema, filled in for him during portions of Wednesday's competition.
Sietsema is a Greek Orthodox priest from Michigan, as well as a former linguistics professor and lexicographer.
Bailly is the longtime public face of the bee. He says it was hard to take his first-ever break, but he knew it was necessary.
This year's bee nearly doubled in size because Scripps started a wild-card program that allowed kids who didn't win their regional bees to get to nationals. More than 500 spellers competed over two days of preliminary rounds. No more than 50 finalists were to be announced later Wednesday.
YOUNGSTOWN, Ohio (WYTV) – There may be snow in the forecast this week, but it's actually severe weather awareness week in Ohio.
It's a good time for people to make sure their families, schools and businesses are prepared for a severe weather event.
Have an emergency kit available, and have a plan in place for where to take shelter during a storm.
Mahoning County Emergency Management Director Dennis O'Hara said you should be aware of the following when it comes to severe weather:
Where would you go in case of a weather emergency?
Where would you seek shelter if you were out in public?
What is the best location that you have available if you need to take shelter?
O'Hara says it is also important to have a way to get weather alerts day or night.
“Outdoor sirens are designed for outdoor warning. It's to warn you to seek additional information, seek cover in a sturdy facility, turn on the media whether that's TV, radio or check your phone,” O'Hara said.
O'Hara suggests a weather alert radio.
It sounds a bit weird to say, but Toronto Maple Leafs fans have no shortage of things to cheer for these days. They've got their excellent batch of rookies — including Auston Matthews, Mitch Marner and William Nylander — as well as a playoff berth and a tight series against the Capitals.
Now, we can add one more thing to the list: “Dart Guy.”
That's the nickname affectionately given to 37-year-old Jason Maslakow, an Ontario native and Leafs fan who grabbed the spotlight during Saturday's Game 2 between the Leafs and Capitals. Maslakow made the trek down to Washington D.C. to watch Toronto take care of business and even the series with an overtime win over the Capitals.
Dart Guy instantly became an internet sensation, and it's not hard to see why.
While that may appear to be an ordinary mohawk on top of Dart Guy's painted face, you should look closer. There is magic in the details.
@felixpotvin you know this is on the top of my man's head right pic.twitter.com/fJJHzr1Axe — Dan Steinberg (@dcsportsbog) April 16, 2017
Leaf fans almost immediately adopted Dart Guy as an unofficial mascot. If you follow any of them on Twitter, you might notice the photo.
You're not a real Leafs fan unless you change your profile picture to this… pic.twitter.com/y9JkuE8Z21 — Justin Fisher (@thejustinfisher) April 16, 2017
How the hell is this website free? pic.twitter.com/IlMocw6aaw — platinum seat ghosts (@3rdPeriodSuits) April 16, 2017
Since the start of Saturday's game, Maslakow has picked up nearly 6,000 followers on Twitter. He's sweeping Leafs Nation, so much so that the team decided to hook him up with tickets to Monday's Game 3 back home in Toronto.
745km to!!! #Dartguy is on the way back home lol…. GO LEAFS GO pic.twitter.com/yTkEIAQ0bN — The Maz (@LeafsMaz20) April 16, 2017
But not everyone is pleased with the Leafs' decision to host Dart Guy at the Air Canada Centre on Monday. A blog post on Fansided's Tip of the Tower called the decision “irresponsible” and questioned the message that it sends.
“Since when does a sweaty, over-weight guy with a ciggy in his mouth represent what the Toronto Maple Leafs organization stands for? Since when does the NHL and MLSE encourage and promote life threatening addictions as humorous or cool?”
Other fans echoed the sentiment on Twitter:
Loving the dart guy but I feel like his promotion of smoking is potentially problematic. — Jordan (@RecyclingBinns) April 16, 2017
Since this is the internet, it shouldn't be surprising that at least one person has taken exception to the idea. Even so, it seems a little silly to get so worked up over the team embracing a fan who happened to be seen with a cigarette in his mouth.
After all, Dart Guy wasn't explicitly shown smoking that cigarette and, for all we know, he could have kept it unlit the entire time he was in the arena. (Washington's Verizon Center, like most arenas, prohibits smoking at sporting events.)
It seems highly likely that the Maple Leafs and Air Canada Centre would let Maslakow know he's not allowed to light up within the confines during Game 3, especially with him being a guest of the team and the increased media exposure that comes with that.
Also, as Puck Daddy points out, the Maple Leafs have slapped their logo on plenty of alcoholic products over the years, so it's not like promoting “life-threatening addictions” would be particularly new to them, or most other professional sports teams. As for the idea of giving setting up fans who deserve tickets more, the Maple Leafs do that quite a bit, so that high horse is shrinking.
Hockey is fun. The playoffs are fun. Dart Guy might not be a beacon of class or the greatest representation of the Maple Leafs organization, but he is fun. There's nothing wrong with embracing that.
You know, at least until the internet does that thing it always does and digs up all the proverbial skeletons that Dart Guy has in his closet. But until then, light(en) up.
By DAN GELSTON
AP Sports Writer
PHILADELPHIA (AP) - The Philadelphia 76ers are investigating whether team president Bryan Colangelo used a variety of Twitter accounts to anonymously trash some of his own players and fellow executives and defend himself against criticism from fans and the sports media.
The allegations, reported Tuesday by the sports website The Ringer , raised questions about Colangelo's future and that of the NBA team itself, a rising franchise heading into perhaps its most important summer ever as it tries to attract free agents to contend for championships.
The five Twitter accounts under suspicion took aim at Philadelphia players Joel Embiid and Markelle Fultz, former Sixers general manager Sam Hinkie, Toronto Raptors executive Masai Ujiri and former Sixers players Jahlil Okafor and Nerlens Noel, according to The Ringer.
Among other things, the user or users of the accounts complained that Embiid, the 24-year-old All-Star center, was "playing like a toddler having tantrums" and was "a bit lazy," ''selfish" and "acting like a tool."
The user of one of the accounts claimed to know Colangelo and described him more than once as a "class act." The tweets also raised the question of whether Colangelo used the anonymous accounts to divulge team strategy and details about players' medical conditions.
Colangelo acknowledged using one of the accounts to monitor the NBA industry and other current events but said he wasn't familiar with the four others.
"The allegations are serious and we have commenced an independent investigation into the matter," the Sixers said Wednesday in a statement. "We will report the results of that investigation as soon as it is concluded."
Embiid, Philly's franchise star, made a few wisecracks about the furor for his 1.4 million Twitter followers before standing up for Colangelo.
"All jokes asides I don't believe the story," he tweeted. "That would be just insane."
The Ringer said it had been monitoring the accounts since February, when it received an anonymous tip. It said it found numerous connections among the accounts that suggested the same person was behind them.
The Ringer said it initially asked the Sixers about just two of the accounts, and the same day the three others were suddenly made private.
For the Sixers, the first order of business is determining whether the accounts are, in fact, Colangelo's.
The Sixers had at least 20 impostors accounts shut down this season with people pretending to be Colangelo, a person familar with the investigation told The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because the probe is not over.
If the investigation shows that Colangelo is in any way connected to the accounts, the organization's reputation would be heavily damaged as it tries to chase big free agents like LeBron James, Paul George or other All-Stars.
Colangelo, the son of longtime sports executive Jerry Colangelo, was hired as president of basketball operations in 2016 after Hinkie abruptly resigned. Hinkie was the architect behind what the team calls The Process - the long-term tearing down and rebuilding of the Sixers.
Colangelo previously served as Raptors general manager. He lost his job there after Toronto missed the playoffs for the fifth consecutive season, and Ujiri took over basketball operations.
According to The Ringer, one of the Twitter accounts it connected to Colangelo bristled at the suggestion that Hinkie deserved credit for the Sixers' turnaround.
"BC has done nothing but clean up hinkie's mess," the account user wrote in January 2017, referring to Colangelo. Another post lamented that Ujiri hadn't done anything to make the Raptors better.
Colangelo has been blamed by Philly fans for the so-far disastrous deal that brought Fultz to the Sixers. One of the accounts that The Ringer linked to Colangelo blamed Fultz's poor performance on his longtime trainer and his "so-called mentor/father figure."
Colangelo was likewise criticized when Noel was sent to the Dallas Mavericks in 2017. The Twitter accounts defended the trade, describing Noel as a "selfish punk" who was "behaving like a vulture" and was "bad for locker room."
"Bc is class act not a bad guy," the Twitter user added.
___
More AP NBA: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Watch local schools and groups recite the Pledge of Allegiance during 33 WYTV Daybreak between 5 a.m. and 7 a.m. with Len Rome and Jim Loboy.
Thank you to Mrs. Chasser, 2nd Grade teacher at Howland Glen Primary, for inviting us to your classroom!
SAN JOSE, Costa Rica — An international court ruling saying Costa Rica should allow same-sex marriage has upended the Central American nation's presidential race, turning an evangelical candidate who opposes it from an also-ran with just 2 per cent in the polls into the leading contender in Sunday's vote.
Following last month's decision by the Inter-American Court of Human Rights, Fabricio Alvarado, a 43-year-old journalist with a prominent career as a preacher and Christian singer, vaulted to 16.9 per cent in a survey published Jan. 31 by the University of Costa Rica's Center for Research in Political Sciences, or CIEP.
Alvarado's nearest rivals were Antonio Alvarez of the National Liberation Party with 12.4 per cent, and Carlos Alvarado — no relation — of the governing Citizens' Action Party with 10.6 per cent. If no candidate tops 40 per cent in the vote, the first two finishers advance to a runoff scheduled for April 1.
The same poll showed that just over two-thirds of Costa Ricans oppose the court's ruling, which also tells the country to grant same-sex couples rights such as the ability to adopt children and receive inheritances and other benefits from their partners.
For deeply Roman Catholic Costa Rica, the gay marriage ruling came as an “external shock” to the campaign, political analyst Francisco Barahona told The Associated Press.
“Fabricio is a young candidate, well-spoken with a good on-camera presence, but he was also the only one who reacted in radical opposition to what the Inter-American Court proposed,” Barahona said. That “put him on the radar for a good portion of the conservative electorate.”
Alvarado has called the ruling a “sovereign violation” and an “external imposition” and even floated the idea of withdrawing from the OAS-sponsored rights court, which is hosted in Costa Rica's own capital, San Jose.
That won tacit approval from evangelical and Catholic leaders who, while prohibited from explicitly participating in elections in the country, have called on voters to back candidates with “Christian values.”
About 76 per cent of Costa Ricans identify as Roman Catholic and 14 per cent as evangelical, according to the CIA World Factbook.
Ana Cecilia Sanchez, a 53-year-old office administrator, is one of many who say they are undecided but would not vote for a candidate who supports gay marriage.
“For me the issue of values and principles is very important for all society, because family is the basis of society. … You ask yourself what will happen to Costa Rica if Christian values are lost,” Sanchez said.
Adrian Pignataro, a political scientist at the University of Costa Rica, said the country has seen a marked erosion in party loyalty and this election has exposed a social divide between secular and religious values.
“It's not that this division is new, they are values that were there before, but in this campaign they were activated by an event and one party strategically came out in favour,” Pignataro said.
Pignataro sees a parallel to the 2006 election, when voters were polarized by opposing visions on the economy: one that favoured opening to the world amid trade negotiations with the United States, and another more protectionist approach.
Carlos Alvarado, who is not related to Fabricio, is also a young candidate at just 38, a journalist by profession who began his political career as communications director for the Citizens' Action Party and served as labour minister under current President Luis Guillermo Solis.
His candidacy has been marred by corruption scandals involving people close to Solis' government and a lingering deficit problem.
But as the only major candidate openly backing same-sex marriage, Carlos Alvarado also saw his poll numbers rise about 5 per cent recently as he attracted socially liberal voters who oppose Fabricio Alvarado's anti-gay marriage stance.
Alvarez, a 59-year-old agricultural businessman, two-time president of the Legislative Assembly and former Cabinet minister under the first presidency of Oscar Arias in 1986-1990, is running on promises to create 150,000 jobs, decrease the deficit and modernize public transportation.
Alvarez has also opposed same-sex marriage, while supporting the idea of recognizing certain other rights for gay couples.
Lawyer and former Security Minister Juan Diego Castro was a front-runner as recently as December as a tough-on-crime candidate. But he fell to fourth in polls as some voters were turned off by his direct attacks during debates and after the gay marriage ruling in January.
Sunday's outcome is very much up in the air with more than two-thirds of likely voters undecided, according to the CIEP poll.
“None of them really grabs my attention,” said Berlioth Hidalgo, a 35-year-old cleaning worker who has not yet fixed on any candidate. “In this country it's only fights, corruption, you don't know where the money goes, lots of poor children.”
Voters will also be selecting the 57 delegates that make up the Assembly.
In the past, governments and foundations led the way, via direct loans and grants. But over the past year, Mr. Kim and Mr. Gates have argued that it is possible for large pools of capital — such as private equity funds, insurance companies and pension funds — to score big profits by, for example, investing in hospitals in Pakistan and Nigeria. Mr. Kim recently has singled out Abraaj and Mr. Naqvi for praise.
Abraaj, which manages $13.6 billion, is the largest private equity firm dedicated to developing economies. Mr. Naqvi's fund-raising mantra is: If you want to do good and reap rich, private-equity style returns, invest in Abraaj funds.
More than any of Abraaj's other offerings, the $1 billion health care fund embodies this ideal. Starting in late 2016, it drew down $545 million from investors to buy hospitals in Nigeria, Pakistan and India. The goal is to improve productivity at the hospitals, allowing them to see more patients — and make more money.
At a meeting in London in September, the investors saw financial statements indicating that over $200 million in cash was sitting with the fund. They didn't know why the money had not been invested, and they asked the fund's manager, Khawar Mann, and Mr. Naqvi to see bank statements showing how the money was deployed. They claimed that Abraaj was required to return the money to investors in 60 days if it was not used during that time.
Mr. Naqvi told the angry investors that he saw the company as a vehicle to buy hospitals around the world, and that was why the fund needed the cash on hand. He also cited the regulatory delays. But the investors were not convinced, and he sent more than $100 million back to investors in December.
The investors asked that an auditor with no ties to Abraaj be hired to figure out what had happened. Separately, Abraaj hired KPMG to perform its own audit.
Since September, the investors — which include Proparco, a French development institution, and the CDC Group, a similar body in Britain — have been requesting forensic proof that Abraaj did not use the money to fund its own operations.
Photo
The Overseas Private Investment Corporation, an arm of the United States government that provides incentives for American firms to invest in developing markets, is exposed to Abraaj via a $150 million loan to the group.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Abraaj and its investors are restricted from publicly discussing matters related to the fund because of nondisclosure agreements signed by all parties.
The World Bank has invested $300 million with Abraaj over the years, including $100 million in the health care fund. The investments were made through the World Bank's private-sector investing arm, the International Finance Corporation.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
The Gates Foundation has invested $100 million in the fund.
When the allegations surfaced, the unit within the World Bank that looks into cases of corruption began an investigation, according to an email exchange between one of its investigators and an outside party that was reviewed by The New York Times. That review closed without finding evidence of wrongdoing, according a person briefed on the review.
Mr. Kim, in his campaign to persuade the private sector to invest more in these types of markets, has often cited Mr. Naqvi and Abraaj as a model.
Just as Abraaj's fight with investors was heating up in November, Mr. Kim held a video conference with prominent investors from the Middle East at World Bank headquarters. Mr. Naqvi tuned in from Dubai, and as Mr. Kim made his case that the private sector should step up, he repeatedly praised the Abraaj founder.
“Arif has been saying this in so many settings — we are on the same side, screaming this stuff,” Mr. Kim said.
Mr. Naqvi responded in kind.
“Jim, I applaud your leadership,” he said. “We have been partners with the I.F.C. for 10 years, and we are proud that we are one of your larger relationships around the world.”
Even before this controversy, Abraaj's health care fund was struggling.
The fund has invested about half of the $1 billion it raised from investors. Its largest bet was a $145 million purchase of CARE, a network of private hospitals in Hyderabad, India, and the investment has not met Abraaj's expectations, according to letters the firm sent to investors last year.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The hospital has been struggling to adapt to an onslaught of regulations from the government. When Abraaj bought the company, it was earning $14 million a year, according to the letters. Now it earns $8 million before taxes and other items. Abraaj has not marked down its value to reflect the lower profits.
The weak performance of the CARE deal has prompted pointed questions on Abraaj's quarterly conference calls with investors, according to people who have been briefed on the calls.
A Pakistan native, Mr. Naqvi founded Abraaj in 2002, after striking it rich in a private equity deal involving a marketing company in the Middle East. With those profits, he went from being a small regional investor to one of the larger investors in the developing world. He has hired experts in Turkey, in Africa and throughout the Middle East and told them to hunt for deals.
The firm grew rapidly, employing hundreds of people around the world, thanks largely to Mr. Naqvi's relentless salesmanship. He became a fixture at the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland, and has said he spends 250 days a year on the road pitching pension funds, development institutions and others on his vision of buying companies that benefit society in the world's poorest countries.
In his most ambitious fund-raising effort yet, he is currently trying to start a $6 billion Abraaj fund focusing on society-improving investments in 30 developing countries.
General News of Friday, 6 October 2017
Source: classfmonline.com
2017-10-06
The Chief believes the historical artefact will preserve the nation's history
Acting President of Nkusukum Traditional Area and Chief of Kuntu, Nana Kwesi Brebo III, has appealed to government to build a political museum at Saltpond in order to recognise the efforts of the founding fathers of the country.
Nana Brebo III holds the view that the initiative will provide ambient medium to celebrate founding father(s) of the country.
For him, the historical artefact will preserve the nation's history as well as clear the ambiguities surrounding the founding fathers of the country.
He made the call during a visit by the Central Regional Minister, Kwamena Duncan, to the Chiefs of Mfantseman in the Central Region on Friday, October 6 2017.
Class News' Maxwell Attah reported that chiefs of Nkusukum Traditional Area also want government to consider building a Caustic Soda factory at Saltpond as part of the One–District, One-Factory initiative.
Oh his part, the Regional Minister said government will consider the proposal of the political museum to boost tourism in the region.
Saltpond is the historical town in the Central Region where most of Ghana's political activities started. The town housed the secretariat of the United Gold Coast Convention (UGCC) in the 1940s.
Real Sociedad full-back Alvaro Odriozola insists he is not concerned about rumours linking him with a €40million transfer to Real Madrid.
The versatile 22-year-old has reportedly been a target for Madrid for some months and, according to Marca, has already told Zinedine Zidane's side that he would be willing to make the move.
However, the player says his sole focus is on preparing for Spain's World Cup warm-up match against Switzerland on Sunday.
"My future is the national team," he told reporters on Wednesday. "I'm 22, it's a dream for me to go to the World Cup. It's a unique opportunity.
"My future is training tomorrow and the game on Sunday, nothing more."
Odriozola's rise to prominence at Sociedad, as a defender and a winger, has been one of the club's real success stories of the last two seasons.
The 22-year-old, who only made his Spain debut against Albania in October, could even find himself starting their opening World Cup match against Portugal on June 15 if Dani Carvajal is unable to recover in time from a hamstring injury.
"Everything has changed a lot for me in a year and a half," he explained. "It's been mad but, as I call it, it's been a blessed madness.
"I have a privileged environment with my family and friends. The key is to work day to day, to know you have to improve. Trying to work and to sacrifice is what leads you to the beautiful things that are happening to me."
Israel's official Holocaust memorial has expressed concern over the violence in Charlottesville, where far-right activists marched with Nazi flags and gave the Nazi salute, and where a counter-protester was killed over the weekend.
Yad Vashem said Monday "in our post-Holocaust global society, there is no room for racism or antisemitism." It warned that Nazi ideology "was a precursor to the eventual murderous policy."
It said the events in Virginia show "we must remain vigilant about educating the public regarding hatred and xenophobia."
Israel was founded just three years after the end of World War II and the Holocaust, in which 6 million Jews were systematically murdered by Nazi Germany and its collaborators.
New Video: Zafi B feat. Maleek Berry – See My Baby
Pint-sized teenage songstress Zafi B returns with a brand-new video for her summer anthem ‘See My Baby' which features prolific producer and singer-songwriter Maleek Berry. Filmed in the heart of an abandoned London record store with 80's aesthetics, ‘See My Baby', which is directed by Kunia Lester, sees Zafi B embracing her new lane and […]
The post New Video: Zafi B feat. Maleek Berry – See My Baby appeared first on BellaNaija.
This post was syndicated from BellaNaija. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Dennis Edwards, the lead singer of Motown group The Temptations, has died. He was 74 years old.
Edwards, a native of Detroit, died Friday in Chicago according to Variety. Edwards' family confirmed his death to CBS.
Edwards joined the The Temptations in 1968. Though he wasn't an original member of the group, he sang lead vocals on some of the band's biggest hits, including "Papa Was a Rollin' Stone" and "I Can't Get Next to You."
He stayed with band until 1977, and later returned in 1980.
Edwards would have turned 75 on Saturday.
More on this as it develops.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
We are not fighting men with equality bill – Sen. Garba
Sen. Binta Garba (APC Adamawa North) has appealed to men in the country not to see the Gender Equality Bill before the Senate as an affront to them.
Garba told newsmen in New York that men and women are partners in progress in all sectors.
“Women must be given an equal opportunity to serve her motherland in every standard she would found herself be it in her work place, in her chosen career or whatever.
“We are not fighting the men.
“The Gender Equality Bill initially was rejected and re-presented and deliberated upon; areas of concerns were looked into.
“Most parties that were obviously not in support of it now saw that it was necessary that such a bill should see the light of the day.
“And after the second reading, now the bill is being passed for public hearing and once it's done, then the committee has to work on it to bring it back for the third reading.
“Areas of national interest will be looked into and that will give it the speedy passage.
“But we need to do a lot of lobbying within ourselves, our colleagues- the male counterparts – all sectors that obviously would be interested in seeing that this bill is being passed.''
The bill sponsored by Sen. Biodun Olujinmi (PDP-Ekiti South) scaled second reading in Sept. 2016 after some modifications.
The bill was to prohibit all forms of discrimination against any person in accordance with Section 4 of the 1999 Constitution.
The section prohibits all forms of discrimination due to gender, age and disability through spoken words, acts, rules, customs and practices by any person or institution.
The post We are not fighting men with equality bill – Sen. Garba appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
I was in the Alps skiing with my host family, the Otterbachs. This was my second time skiing. There is a huge difference between Mt. Kato skiing and alpine skiing. Markus, my host dad, was an expert teacher. I walked away with only fun memories and no broken bones thanks to his instruction. I've included a short video (https://goo.gl/8NFQW2) of myself slicing down the slopes. Like wind surfing on the North Sea, this was definitely one of the best highlights from my year as your Crailsheim ambassador.
Birthdays have been a big thing. It has seemed like every week someone I know has had a birthday and has celebrated it. I have been to a lot of birthday parties this year. My own was at the end of March. My friends had a nice backyard party for me. It was good to be outside on a pleasant spring day.
The theater is another thing that I enjoy. It has been fun to go to the theater with Elfriede Kohr. The movies we've settled on have been good, but the thing I secretly look forward to the most is a meal of kaesespaetzle. This is a delicious noodle with cheese meal that sometimes gets called the German macaroni and cheese. Calling it macaroni and cheese is sort of a disservice, so I am apologizing to my German friends who read this. Kaesespaetzle has by far been my favorite meal in Germany, and it has been a favorite of many exchange students in the past.
I have also been getting more into soccer. The weather has been warmer here than in Minnesota so we are spending more time outdoors. I play with school friends during our breaks. I have a lot to learn about being a better soccer player, but my teachers are patient with me even when I cost them a goal. I have also picked up watching soccer on TV. It has been fun to watch Bayern Munich. They have become my favorite team in the Bundesliga, the top German football league. My admiration of Munich has upset some of my friends who are Stuttgart fans. The friendly rivalry makes the game a lot more fun. It's a lot like when Vikings fans and Packer fans sit in the same room to watch a game.
Another thing the Otterbachs have done for me is had me spend time with other families in Tiefenbach. I spent a day with the Keller family. They were the host family of Jaron and Skyla, They introduced me to sauerbraten, a delicious marinated roast. It is sometimes called the national dish of Germany. The Kellers then took me hiking near Crailsheim. On our trek we stopped to see a real blacksmith working in his shop. I enjoyed watching him work.
I am continually thankful to the Crailsheim Committee and all of its supporters for making these experiences possible. I would also like to wish everyone a happy Easter.
Several arrests were made in Graves County, KY following a traffic stop and altercation with a deputy.
According to the Graves County Sheriff's Department, a Detective made a traffic stop on Paris Road. The driver pulled into the Huddle House parking lot and the driver and passengers began hiding things.
Four men were in the vehicle. One of the passengers started to run, but the officer got to the back door to stop them.
The officer saw several bags of SPICE, a synthetic drug, on the floorboard. After a search of everyone and the vehicle, the four men were arrested on several charges.
Shatiran Noonan, 20, was the driver of the vehicle, he was charged with DUI, Possession of Marijuana and various other traffic offenses.
Gabriel Vejar, 20, was a passenger in the vehicle and he was charged with Trafficking in Synthetic Drugs and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.
Jalon Johnson, 23, also a passenger was charged with Possession of Synthetic Drugs, Tampering with Physical Evidence and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.
Martavous Noonan, 19, another passenger was charged with Giving an Officer a False Name, Public Intoxication and Possession of Marijuana.
While the officers were collecting evidence, several people came to observe what was going on. Two juveniles bystanders were family members of the men arrested.
They became uncooperative and were taken into custody. They resisted arrest and one of them injured an officer's hand and leg.
After being placed in a cruiser, they began kicking the doors. One of the officers opened the door attempting to calm them down and one of the juveniles tried to escape.
The juveniles were taken to the Sheriff's office and the juvenile that assaulted the officer was charged with Assault 3rd Degree, Attempted Escape, Disorderly Conduct and Resisting Arrest.
The other juvenile was released to a parent after being charged with Resisting Arrest, Disorderly Conduct and Menacing.
The injured officer was treated for his injuries.
Download the KFVS News app: iPhone | Android
Copyright 2018 KFVS. All rights reserved.
CLEVELAND, Ohio (WYTV) – Four people from the Mahoning Valley have been indicted in federal court on firearms charges, and, in some cases, drug trafficking charges.
Daylen Harris, 39, of Youngstown; Marvin Howell, Jr., 39, of Boardman; Antonio Dukes, 30, of Warren; and Donald Sims, 36, of Warren; have all been charged.
Harris and Howell are accused of drug trafficking.
Harris is accused of selling crack cocaine, and Howell is accused of selling marijuana. Both are also facing firearm charges.
Dukes and Sims are both facing firearm charges.
The four men were arrested following an investigation by the Mahoning Valley Law Enforcement Task Force, The Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms and the Warren Police Department.
BLOOMINGTON, Ind. — Indiana thought a lineup change might help it stand up to Michigan State's length on Saturday.
Instead, the fifth-ranked Spartans found their own solution.
On a night when Matt McQuaid scored 12 points and made the decisive 3-pointer with 68 seconds left, Michigan State again matched the school's single-game record with 13 blocked shots to hold off the hard-charging Hoosiers 63-60.
It's the second time this season they've had 13 blocks in a game, and the Spartans pushed their single-season record total to 204.
Michigan State (22-3, 10-2 Big Ten) sure didn't follow the rest of the script to its sixth straight win.
The national leader in rebounding margin wound up get outrebounded 53-29 and 25-3 on the offensive end. And while the nation's second-best shooting team was 9 of 18 on 3s, the Spartans took only 47 shots and struggled to close it out because of poor free-throw shooting that included two misses from Joshua Langford with 2.2 seconds left.
Those misses gave the Hoosiers (12-12, 5-7) one last gasp — but Devonte Green's 70-foot heave at the buzzer bounced high off the back of the rim.
“Very seldom has one of our teams gotten outworked, outhustled the way that Indiana did,” Spartans coach Tom Izzo said. “The 25-3 offensive rebounds is an insult to me, my players and anyone that's ever played here.”
Langford and Jaren Jackson Jr. each scored 10 points for Michigan State, and Jackson finished with seven blocks — one short of his career high against Rutgers in December.
Indiana's revamped starting lineup paid dividends, too.
Just 15 days after enduring a 28-pooint loss at Michigan State, Indiana coach Archie Miller plugged in Freddie McSwain Jr.
Juwan Morgan again led the Hoosiers with 23 points and 11 rebounds, but McSwain finished with eight points and 16 rebounds — the most by an Indiana player in almost 2 1/2 years and the most by an Indiana player in a Big Ten game in a decade.
“That's what he does every day. He attacks the glass relentlessly,” Morgan said. “The way we see it, nobody can keep him off the glass. As a result, that's what 16 boards looks like.”
Despite shooting a season-low 28.8 per cent from the field, Morgan scored seven straight points to cut a 58-50 deficit with 5:05 left to 58-57 with 2:22 to go.
Indiana had two chances to take the lead on its next possession, but Robert Johnson's layup rolled out and McSwain missed two free throws after grabbing the offensive rebound.
McQuaid's final 3 made it a four-point game and after Green's three-point play got the Hoosiers within 63-60 with 3.7 seconds left. They just couldn't get any closer.
BIG PICTURE
Michigan State: Offensively, the Spartans struggled. But defensively, they showed just how good they can be with their size and length. The biggest problem was the Hoosiers kept getting second chances.
Indiana: The young Hoosiers fought hard enough and long enough to give themselves a chance, earning some respect in the process.
KEY STATS
Michigan State: Miles Bridges had seven points and eight rebounds. … McQuaid was 4 of 5 on 3s. … The Spartans had their worst rebounding margin (minus-24) since 1996-97 when they were minus-18 against North Carolina. The three offensive rebounds matched their fewest since 1996-97.
Indiana: Morgan recorded his seventh double-double of the season. … Devonte Green had eight points and a career-high six assists while Zach McRoberts matched his career-best with four steals. … The Hoosiers made only two of their first 22 shots, and went more than 8 1/2 minutes in the first half without a basket.
QUIET FRONT
As students arrived at the game, they were greeted by cards asking them to refrain from using the swirling scandal surrounding Larry Nassar and allegations of sexual misconduct involving the Michigan State football and men's basketball programs to heckle players and coaches during the game.
Nobody was more appreciative than Izzo, who started his postgame news conference by thanking the Hoosiers.
“I did want to publicly thank IU. I want to thank their president, their AD, their coach, players, fans, students,” Izzo said. “That was a very classy, whatever they sent out, it was very well done and very much appreciated in handling themselves without some of the things that needed to be said.”
UP NEXT
Michigan State: Will try to extend its winning streak Tuesday at Iowa.
Indiana: Plays the fourth game in an eight-day span Monday at Rutgers.
——
More AP college basketball: https://collegebasketball.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP–Top25
Two weeks ago, I correctly self-diagnosed for the first time ever. This did not impress the Student Health Services doctor who confirmed my suspicions I had a sinus infection, but I was pretty pleased with myself.
Anyway, I was a little irritated as I hiked to pick up my Amoxicillin at CVS, but mostly relieved. “I have a sinus infection” is an acceptable excuse for canceling plans or not making any at all; “I'm depressed” is not. A sinus infection is also a tangible, easily traceable reason for feeling shitty; depression is not.
I've written about this before because I'm incapable of processing anything I feel unless I spit it out into a Word doc afterward. When I wrote a couple months ago that I'd come to terms with my depression, I was already thinking about a follow-up column. I would talk about how the Lexapro I was prescribed didn't just take effect but worked psychiatric magic. I'd gush about how I swapped my requisite four cups of coffee a day for green tea and how I self-medicated with yoga and deep breathing exercises, not with pasta. Or wine.
For a couple weeks after the column was published, I held onto the idea that, since I was fine at the time, I could decide to be fine for good — even when I stopped taking the Lexapro because it alleviated my anxiety but didn't take my depression with it. Even when my bad days started to outnumber the good ones, the fact that I was still having good days at all made me feel like I was just being melodramatic the rest of the time.
Then, I stopped having good days altogether. I didn't want to be at school anymore, but I didn't want to go home, either. I was so exhausted I felt weighed down by a massive psychological boulder. But not attending class and newspaper meetings made me feel worse. I wanted to see my friends, but I couldn't summon the energy to be around other people for more than half an hour or so.
Then, two weekends ago, something occurred to me as I approached my 20th hour of watching “Gilmore Girls.” By “watching,” of course, I mean “re-watching for the sixth time.” And by “re-watching,” I mean “listening to the show play on my laptop so I could feel like I was doing something besides laying in bed in the dark mid-Saturday, because I didn't have the energy to do anything else.”
And by “occurred,” I mean “finally got through to me even though other people have been telling me this for months”: I couldn't choose to not be depressed any more than I could choose to not have a particularly resilient unibrow.
More importantly (and the main point I'd like to make), I realized how lucky I am to have friends who send me depression memes and put up with my mood swings and started subbing our wine nights for coffee dates when I started taking Prozac. The last few weeks would have been bad regardless, but worse without them.
I've struggled with depression since high school. But I didn't say anything to my friends about it until last semester, and I didn't speak honestly about it until the past couple months.
Depression is one of the most internalized things you can experience. It's nearly impossible to express how it feels (I haven't been able to come up with anything more eloquent than “shitty”), even to people who have similar issues, because no two people experience it exactly the same way.
I'm not advocating for anyone to talk to the people around them about being depressed, because I realize everyone's situation is different. And I want to emphasize that, while I don't regret saying something, I do wish I could go back and do so more carefully.
But I don't regret talking to my friends about it. I wouldn't have sought help if they hadn't talked me into going to therapy and taking an antidepressant and making me feel like I wasn't crazy for doing those things.
What's helped me more, though, than opening up to my friends and using lavender-scented stress relief body wash and even Prozac, is coming to terms with something I've known for a long time but didn't want to accept:
Depression sucks.
daviskn3@miamioh.edu
Comments
ANN ARBOR, Mich. — Muhammad-Ali Abdur-Rahkman made up for missing two free throws late in regulation when he failed to take advantage of an opportunity to seal a victory.
Abdur-Rahkman bounced back with a tiebreaking three-point play with 3.8 seconds left in overtime and finished with 17 points as No. 24 Michigan held on to beat Minnesota 76-73 Saturday.
“I'm very proud of the way he responded,” said Moe Wagner, who had 16 points and 10 rebounds for the Wolverines.
Michigan (19-6, 8-4 Big Ten) needed the extra time to win because they struggled to shoot from the field and the line. And they failed to slow down a pair of guards.
The short-handed Golden Gophers (14-11, 3-9) didn't trail until early in the second half and were in a position to end their longest losing streak of the year because freshman Isaiah Washington had a season-high 26 points and Nate Mason scored 22 points, including a 3-pointer with 5.3 seconds left that tied the game.
Mason was just short on a shot from about 30 feet that would have forced a second overtime.
“I'm proud of our guys for their effort,” Minnesota coach Richard Pitino said. “To play in front of a sold-out crowd when you're down two of your top six, no team in college basketball can sustain that. We're not feeling sorry for ourselves. We're not making excuses. We've got to play as close to perfect as we possibly can in order to win. We were close. We know we can play with anybody if we play the right way.”
Michigan's Zavier Simpson made a layup and a 3-pointer — after missing his first seven attempts beyond the arc — to give his offensively challenged team a four-point lead with 2:50 left in the extra period.
The Gophers tied the game with 11 seconds left, but couldn't keep Abdur-Rahkman from making the game-winning play on a hard-charging, spinning drive for a layup on which he was fouled by Jamir Harris.
Simpson scored 15 and Charles Matthews had 13 points for the Wolverines, who have won four straight at home. Michigan made just 44 per cent of its shots from the field and was 8 of 32 from the 3-point line.
Minnesota's Jordan Murphy fouled out in overtime with 12 points and six rebounds.
ON THE MOVE
Washington played a lot for a second straight game and made the most of it, surpassing a season high in scoring he set in last game with 15 points against Iowa. In the four games before that, the highly touted guard from New York scored a total of six points and averaged just 5 minutes.
“As he starts to play harder and starts practicing harder, I think coach is going to give him more opportunities,” Murphy said. “When he plays hard, he's a really talented, young player.”
HE SAID IT
Michigan freshman Jordan Poole, who is averaging seven points in Big Ten games, was held scoreless in 12 minutes. Poole was 0 of 4 with each miss from beyond the arc against Minnesota.
“The pool was closed tonight, I guess,” Beilein quipped.
BIG PICTURE
Minnesota: The Gophers, who played just seven players, extended their season-long losing streak to five games. Minnesota was without Reggie Lynch because of an investigation into sexual assault allegations along with Amir Coffey (right shoulder) and Gaston Diedhiou (ankle) due to injuries.
“It's not an excuse,” Murphy said. “I think we should have won the game, but, I mean, they made some good plays down the stretch and we weren't so good defensively down the stretch.”
Michigan: The Wolverines will lose some games they should win if they don't shoot better at the free throw line. They were 12 of 28 at the line, an area that has been a season-long weakness — especially for Simpson and Matthews.
Beilein said he hasn't had a team shoot as poorly in 30-plus years since he was at Le Moyne College three-plus decades ago. At Michigan, he has tried to help his team get over the mental block with meditation and may even bring in a hypnotist.
“We're ready for anything,” Beilein said.
UP NEXT
Minnesota: Hosts Nebraska on Tuesday night.
Michigan: Plays at Northwestern on Tuesday night.
——
More AP college basketball: https://collegebasketball.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP–Top25
——
Follow Larry Lage on Twitter at https://twitter.com/larrylage
(AP Photo/Bill Kostroun). Chicago White Sox starting pitcher Derek Holland (45) delivers the ball to the New York Yankees during the first inning of a baseball game, Monday, April 17, 2017, at Yankee Stadium in New York.
(AP Photo/Bill Kostroun). New York Yankees right fielder Aaron Judge hits a two-run home run during the fifth inning of a baseball game against the Chicago White Sox, Monday, April 17, 2017, at Yankee Stadium in New York.
(AP Photo/Bill Kostroun). New York Yankees left fielder Matt Holliday, right, celebrates with Aaron Hicks and Pete Kozma (30) after Holliday hit a three-run home run during the third inning of a baseball game against the Chicago White Sox, Monday, Apri...
(AP Photo/Bill Kostroun). New York Yankees left fielder Matt Holliday hits a three-run home run during the third inning of a baseball game against the Chicago White Sox, Monday, April 17, 2017, at Yankee Stadium in New York.
(AP Photo/Bill Kostroun). New York Yankees Jordan Montgomery deliver the ball to the Chicago White Sox during the first inning of a baseball game, Monday, April 17, 2017, at Yankee Stadium in New York.
By MIKE FITZPATRICKAP Baseball Writer
NEW YORK (AP) - Jordan Montgomery took a shutout into the seventh inning for his first major league win, Matt Holliday homered in his return to the lineup and the New York Yankees romped to their eighth consecutive victory by beating the Chicago White Sox 7-4 on Monday night.
Holliday put the Yankees ahead with a titanic three-run shot in a five-run third inning, and Aaron Judge added a two-run homer that chased Derek Holland (1-2) with the score 7-0 in the fifth. New York has rebounded from a 1-4 start with its longest winning streak since a 10-game run in June 2012.
Making his second career start, Montgomery (1-0) immediately found himself in a first-inning jam. But the 24-year-old lefty calmly pitched his way out of it by retiring cleanup hitter Jose Abreu and streaking Avisail Garcia with runners at second and third.
Garcia began the night leading the majors with a .465 batting average.
The 6-foot-6 Montgomery scattered four hits over the first six innings, but never got another out. He gave up consecutive singles to start the seventh and then a three-run homer to Yolmer Sanchez that ended the pitcher's night.
Montgomery jogged off the mound to cheers, and Adam Warren took over. Warren worked into the ninth before Chicago cut it to 7-4 on Kevan Smith's run-scoring double of the wall in right-center.
Aroldis Chapman came on and gave up a single that put runners at the corners, but the closer got Tyler Saladino to ground into a game-ending double play for his fourth save - the fourth double play turned by the Yankees.
Warren retired 22 straight batters to begin the season before issuing a two-out walk to Saladino in the seventh.
Starlin Castro had three hits for New York, and Judge drove in three runs. Castro and Chase Headley hit successive doubles after Holliday's homer into the bleachers beyond the left-center bullpen, estimated at 459 feet. The veteran slugger missed the previous two games with lower back stiffness.
Judge added a run-scoring infield single to complete the third-inning outburst for New York, which has won its first seven home games for the first time since 1998.
Holland was tagged for seven runs - six earned - and 10 hits in 4 2/3 innings while falling to 1-7 against the Yankees.
Chicago, which had won four of five, dropped to 7-21 at the current Yankee Stadium.
BIRD ON THE BENCH
Despite breaking out of his slump Sunday night with a huge game at the plate, Yankees 1B Greg Bird was left on the bench in favor of Chris Carter. Still, manager Joe Girardi insisted the team views Bird as an everyday player. "Holland's really tough on left-handers," Girardi explained. "So we got as many righties as we could today." LF Brett Gardner also was rested as Girardi stacked his lineup with eight right-handed hitters underneath leadoff man Jacoby Ellsbury. Bird struck out as a pinch hitter in the eighth.
TRAINER'S ROOM
White Sox: 3B Todd Frazier sat out his second consecutive game because of an illness manager Rick Renteria described as a "flu-like stomach irritation." Renteria said Frazier was feeling better, though, and finally able to keep food down. Frazier has had a hard time shaking the bug, which caused him to miss two games last week. He returned Saturday but left that game early with recurring symptoms. ... Bench coach Joe McEwing, known for his boundless enthusiasm, went to the mound to remove Holland in an animated pitching change. McEwing took on the task because Renteria was hobbled by knee inflammation.
Yankees: SS Didi Gregorius (right shoulder strain) could play in a simulated game in the next few days. He is expected to begin a minor league rehab assignment soon.
ON THE MOVE
New York traded Triple-A pitcher Johnny Barbato to the Pittsburgh Pirates for $150,000 or a player to be named. The right-hander made 13 major league relief appearances last year.
UP NEXT
RHP Luis Severino (1-0) looks to extend New York's winning streak Tuesday night when he faces RHP Miguel Gonzalez (1-0) in the second game of the series. The 23-year-old Severino set a career high with 11 strikeouts last time out against Tampa Bay, ending a string of 13 winless starts that dated to a victory over the White Sox in September 2015.
___
More AP baseball coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
LOS ANGELES — The Los Angeles Dodgers will pay tribute to one of baseball's most celebrated home runs by introducing a “Kirk Gibson seat” at Dodger Stadium.
The seat will be added in the right field pavilion at the spot where Gibson's game-ending homer landed during Game 1 of the 1988 World Series. The chair will be painted blue and feature Gibson's signature, the team announced Monday.
Tickets will cost $300 for a package that includes a companion seat, two commemorative T-shirts and food and drink. The Dodgers will donate $200 from each purchase to the Kirk Gibson Foundation to raise money and awareness for Parkinson's research.
“Kirk Gibson was part of one of the greatest moments in Dodger history, and we're thrilled to partner with Kirk to help him and his foundation raise funds and awareness in fighting Parkinson's disease,” Chief Marketing Officer Lon Rosen said in a statement.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Europe's two largest supermarkets, French giant Carrefour and Tesco, will form a worldwide alliance despite warnings from the remain campaign that Brexit would isolate British retail and hit consumers' wallets. The partnership will reduce costs and increase competition with discounters like Aldi and Lidl. This can only be good news for consumers…
Tesco's chief executive Dave Lewis said:
“By working together and making the most of our collective product expertise and sourcing capability, we will be able to serve our customers even better, further improving choice, quality, and value.”
Worthwhile recording all the supermarket bosses who lobbied tirelessly through the campaign claiming the precise opposite (including Tesco). Ex-Sainsbury's CEO Justin King memorably claimed Brexit would lead to “higher prices, less choice, and poorer quality” at supermarkets. Good news for shoppers…
WASHINGTON (AP) – President Donald Trump wants to send man back to the moon – and on to Mars.
Trump signed a policy directive Monday instructing the National Aeronautics and Space Administration to “refocus America's space program on human exploration and discovery.”
The move, Trump said, “marks an important step in returning American astronauts to the moon for the first time since 1972 for long-time exploration.”
“This time we will not only plant our flag and leave our footprint,” he said, “we will establish a foundation for an eventual mission to Mars, and perhaps someday, to many worlds beyond.”
Past presidents, including George H.W. Bush and George W. Bush, have also proposed returning to the moon and missions to Mars, Budget constraints derailed their plans.
Trump was joined at the White House by several current and former astronauts, including Buzz Aldrin, the second man to walk on the moon, and former U.S. Sen. and Apollo 17 astronaut Harrison “Jack” Schmitt, the next-to-last person on the moon.
“Today we pledge that he will not be the last, and I suspect we'll be finding other places to land in addition to the moon,” Trump said.
No human has been on the moon since Apollo 17 in December 1972. Only 12 men have set foot on the moon, all have been Americans.
Under the directive, the government is also expected to work closely with other nations and private industry.
WHAT OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON RIGHT NOW:
PHILADELPHIA -- Joel Embiid opened the first set of back-to-back games in his NBA career with 17 points and 11 rebounds to help lead the Philadelphia 76ers to a 103-97 win over the Miami Heat on Friday night. Embiid is set to play games on consecutive nights for the first time since he was picked No. 3 overall in the 2014 draft. He should be in the starting lineup Saturday at Indiana.
Embiid also said that after Saturday, he'd be attending the Super Bowl on Sunday.?
Embiid, selected to his first All-Star team, missed his first two seasons with injuries, and the Sixers have been leery of pushing their 7-foot-2 center into major minutes over the last two seasons.
"We're not going to be too paranoid about how we play him,'' coach Brett Brown said. "There will be that in the back of our minds as the game plays out. But the bottom line is, we are going to play him to win this game, and we will figure it out. There is no type of concrete minute restriction, just an awareness that I have to have and the medical staff has to have to try to get him to play in both games.''
The Sixers are eighth in the Eastern Conference playoff standings and clearly need a healthy Embiid down the stretch to crack the postseason for the first time since 2012. Brown said Embiid will play in back-to-backs because he has been cleared to go -- not to avoid the lousy optics that might come in two weeks when Embiid will play in the Rising Stars Challenge, the Skills Challenge and the All-Star game within 48 hours.
"Joel's availability has got nothing to do with desperation or crunch time. It's all about his health,'' Brown said.
Brown said that, as of yet, no one from the Sixers has talked to anyone involved with All-Star Weekend about limiting Embiid's minutes.
Information from the Associated Press was used in this report.?
WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump's first State of the Union address was notable for how often he made the story about others: a war hero, the grieving parents of a pair of slain daughters, a North Korean defector and more.
The moving narratives of service and sacrifice offered the opportunity to put some more relatable faces to Trump's proclamations of the nation's health, especially as the his speech offered few concrete policy solutions to the issues he raised.
"Please," Trump said repeatedly during his address, raising his arms to the box where the guests were seated with first lady Melania Trump. "Please stand."
There was 12-year-old Preston Sharp, honored for his work to honor the graves of every military veteran.
And there was Celestino Martinez, a special agent with Immigration and Customs Enforcement's Homeland Security Investigations, credited with leading a task force that arrested more than 200 alleged MS-13 gang members.
On the other side, Evelyn Rodriguez, Freddy Cuevas, Elizabeth Alvarado and Robert Mickens represented the victims. Their two teenage daughters — Kayla Cuevas and Nisa Mickens — were killed, allegedly by MS-13 gang members, last year.
Ryan Holets, a police officer from Albuquerque, New Mexico, and his wife, Rebecca, brought their infant daughter, Hope, whom they recently adopted from a victim of the nationwide opioid epidemic.
The White House had announced most of the attendees in advance. But in catering to Trump's entertainer background — and international sensitivities — it kept two of the most poignant moments as a surprise. The teary-eyed parents of Otto Warmbier, the American student who died days following his return to the U.S. after imprisonment in North Korea, earned a standing ovation from the divided chamber. As did Ji Seong-ho, a North Korean defector who triumphantly pumped in the air the battered wooden crutches he uses to walk after losing a leg before fleeing to the South.
The father of Borussia Dortmund star Christian Pulisic has branded reports of a potential move to one of the Premier League's top clubs "hogwash".
The 19-year-old has developed into one of the Bundesliga's brightest young players since joining Dortmund in 2016, prompting rumours of interest from a number of clubs.
Tottenham is the latest to be linked with the winger, while Liverpool and Manchester United have also been said to be admirers.
However, his father insists there is no truth to the suggestions the player will soon move to England.
"He was linked to Tottenham. Last week it was Liverpool. The week before Man United. The week before this… it's hogwash," Mark Pulisic told Sky Sports News.
"He's linked with a different club every week. I have no idea. His agent right now is working and looking, in close relation with me and Christian, and we're just trying to see what the best phase of his next development will be.
"Now is the time that the season has just ended that we'll sit down with Dortmund, we'll sit down with, I don't know whether other clubs are in the mix, [and see what] Dortmund's idea is and their plans for Christian.
"But there's nothing concrete. Right now, Christian plays for Dortmund and that's where he is planning on playing again next year."
Bayern Munich have announced Jupp Heynckes will return to the club as head coach until the end of the season following the sacking of Carlo Ancelotti.
Despite leading Bayern to the Bundesliga title last season, Ancelotti was dismissed at the end of September after seeing his side beaten 3-0 in the Champions League by Paris Saint-Germain.
“I wouldn't have returned to any other club in the world, but FC Bayern München are very close to my heart." pic.twitter.com/0r08tB83ef — FC Bayern US (@FCBayernUS) October 6, 2017
Reports claimed Ancelotti had lost the support of several key players in the dressing room and that contributed to his downfall, leaving Bayern chiefs with the task of replacing the experienced Italian.
And they have ultimately turned to a familiar face, with Heynckes returning to Bavaria four years after he appeared to retire at the end of an historic treble-winning campaign.
CONCORD, N.H. (AP) — A life-size bronze statue of a red-haired, freckled Archie will soon greet visitors at a New Hampshire town in honor of the local man who drew the comic book character and his group of wholesome teenage friends.
Bob Montana illustrated Archie, Betty, Veronica and Jughead from 1942 until his death in 1975 at age 54. He lived in Meredith, New Hampshire, for 35 years until he died from a heart attack while cross-country skiing.
"It is a privilege to be able to draw attention to one of our community members who did so much and did it so quietly and so well," said Monica Philbin, executive director of the Greater Meredith Program.
The Greater Meredith Program, a community development nonprofit, raised nearly $57,000 for the project in less than six months mostly from residents. Architect Chris Williams originally suggested the idea to honor the former Meredith resident with an Archie statue. Williams said no other sculpture of the character exists anywhere.
The one-of-a-kind statue will be commemorated Aug. 9 in Meredith's Community Park to coincide with the town's 250th anniversary.
Montana brought the Archie Andrews character to life when he drew the first "Archie" comic strip while renting a cottage on Lake Waukewan in 1942. He was joined by other illustrators over the years, including Tom Moore, who also chronicled Archie's escapades from 1953 until he retired in the 1980s.
The comic strip was distributed in newspapers nationwide a few years later. Its popularity led the company that originally published the comic books, MLJ Comics, to change their name to Archie Comic Publications in 1946. Over the years, the comic sold billions of copies worldwide and inspired several television shows including "Sabrina the Teenage Witch" and "Riverdale."
In a book about Montana's life, author Carol Lee Anderson noted that he placed Archie at various New Hampshire landmarks, including Lake Winnipesaukee, and even modeled characters after people in the Lakes Region town. Archie's gang of friends were said to be inspired by the cartoonist's high school classmates in Haverhill, Massachusetts, and Montana used drawings of his characters for community fundraisers, including an effort to save a mill building in Laconia.
"My father was very proud to be able to earn his living by bringing a smile to people's faces," said his daughter Lynn Montana, who lives in Meredith. "He wanted to empower Archie as a force of good that was bigger than the comic strip."
Despite his fame, Lynn said her father was a humble and private man, partially why he raised his family in "peaceful" Meredith.
"In his eyes, Archie was famous, but he was not," Lynn said.
Montana's impact in Meredith went beyond the comic strip. He had a vision of turning Meredith into an art colony, his daughter said, at one point converting a gas station into an art studio and frame shop. He introduced several artists to the small town and created a local theater group.
Montana once united the community to change zoning laws, which prevented commercial development from being built along the waterfront in Meredith. He also successfully fought to have the town's parking meters removed, according to his daughter.
"He was a lot more than just a cartoonist, he was a wonderful friend, neighbor and leader in our community," said the project's chairman, Jim McFarlin, adding that there are still people in Meredith who remember the days when Montana would take children out for rides in his 1923 Model T Ford, the same car Archie drove in early comics.
The beaming statue will sit on a bench and look toward his workshop, now vacant, where Montana spent his days quietly drawing cartoons. The Belarusian artist commissioned to do the sculpture, Valery Mahuchy, said he wants to bring people together and offer unity with the statue.
"It's like a dream come true to have my father permanently honored in the town and we're so grateful to the community for supporting it in the way they have," Lynn said. "It's a testament to my dad's work that it's still alive and meaningful to people today."
Amaechi Threatens To Sue Fani-Kayode, Fayose's Aide For N1.25bn
The Minister of Transportation, Rotimi Amaechi, has threatened to drag former Minister of Aviation, Femi Fani-Kayode and a media aide to Governor Ayodele Fayose of Ekiti State, Lere Olayinka to court for linking him to the seized Ikoyi N13 billion unless they publicly apologise and pay him the sum of N1.25 billion.
The Minister, who made the demand in separate letters dated 14th April, 2017, written through his lawyer, Prince Lateef Fagbemi (SAN) also gave Fani-Kayode and Olayinka seven-day ultimatum to meet his conditions.
Fagbemi also said his client has never owned a home in Lagos state, and that the “misleading information” was capable of tarnishing Amaechi's reputation.
The lawyer stated, “The story as uploaded by you is to our knowledge, blatantly false, malicious and is aimed at impeaching the credit of our client, a two-time speaker of the Rivers state of house of assembly, a two-time governor of Rivers state and current minister of the federation,” read a letter sent to both men.
“Our client neither owns the house where the cash was found and your story and claim are unfounded.”
Amaechi's counsel said the publication constitutes a libel and is defamatory “aimed at impinging our client's character and credit in the eyes of Nigerians and foreigners.”
Fagbemi also warned that there would be stiff legal actions should Fani-Kayode and Olayinka fail to adhere to the demand over the alleged defamatory acts.
The lawyer quoted the offensive aspect of Fani-Kayode and Olayinka respectively tweets as, “The $43 million is Rotimi Amaechi's. He owns the flat it was found in (sic) too. NIA's story is fake news! NIA does not keep cash in minister's flats.”
“The Osborne Towers, a luxury residential complex in Ikoyi, Lagos, where EFCC said it found $43,449,987, 27,800 pounds N23,218,000 on Wednesday is owned by the Minister of Transportation, Rotimi Amaechi.
Apart from the demand for an apology from the duo to be published in five national dailies and their Twitter handle, Amaechi specifically asked for the sum of N500 million from Fani-Kayode “as compensation for the malicious and defamatory claim”.
He, however caution that the amount might increase should Fani-Kayode fail to address the situation as expected, while Olayinka was asked to also apologise in five national dailies and pay the sum of N750 million “as compensation for the malicious and defamatory claim” on his (Olayinka) Twitter handle.
However, in a swift response through his media aide, Jude Ndukwe, the former minister denied knowledge of the letter, stating when he gets it his lawyers will respond “vigorously and appropriately”.
He said, “We have been inundated with calls concerning about a threat by Rotimi Amaechi to sue Chief Fani-Kayode for defamation over the 43 million USD issue.
“We are not losing any sleep over this matter.
“We have not received any court processes or letters from Ameachi but when we do so our lawyers will respond vigorously and appropriately.
This post was syndicated from Nigerian News from Leadership News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Photo: Kai Z. Feng
The 24K Magic World Tour will continue on!
Bruno Mars confirmed today's earlier tease by announcing the cities he'll be stopping in with special guest Cardi B.
Related: Bruno Mars Teases Tour With Cardi B
The ‘finale' run for the 11-time GRAMMY winner will include visits to Boston, Brooklyn, Dallas, Denver, Detroit, Los Angeles, Nashville, Newark, Philadelphia, St. Paul, Toronto, and Tulsa. Dates and venues to be announced soon.
Tickets for the dates are set to go on-sale February 16th.
(AP Photo/J. Scott Applewhite). In a photo from Tuesday, June 13, 2017, House Majority Whip Steve Scalise, R-La., joined by Speaker of the House Paul Ryan, R-Wis., far right, and Rep. Cathy McMorris Rodgers, R-Wash., comments on health care for veteran...
(AP Photo/Alex Brandon). In this May 17, 2017 photo, Majority Whip Rep. Steve Scalise, R-La., speaks with the media on Capitol Hill in Washington.
By MELINDA DESLATTE and MATTHEW DALYAssociated Press
BATON ROUGE, La. (AP) - When he campaigned for his leadership job, Rep. Steve Scalise embraced two things he loved, baseball and his home state of Louisiana, handing out commemorative baseball bats and serving up a Cajun dinner with oysters and gumbo.
The House's third-ranking Republican is known as much for that sort of joie-de-vivre, a backslapping, hearty embrace of the lighter side, as he is for his rock-solid conservatism and allegiance to the GOP. His returns every year to the Louisiana Legislature where he once served with hugs and handshakes as he mingles with former colleagues of both parties.
Nationally, Scalise, the majority whip, is the party-line vote-getter for Republicans in Congress and a fierce proponent of the GOP health care law and efforts to overhaul the tax code.
Back home, he's the kid from the Italian family who's become one of the most powerful men in Congress while remaining an unabashed champion for the food, culture and festivities of Louisiana and the political deal-making he learned there.
"He comes from a middle-class family, salt of the earth, and Steve is exactly that. He's old school. You shake his hand, his word is his bond," said Louisiana Secretary of State Tom Schedler, a Republican who served in the state legislature with Scalise for years, lives in Scalise's congressional district and knows his family.
Scalise, 51, was in critical condition following surgery, the hospital said, after being shot in the hip Wednesday during a GOP baseball practice in Alexandria, Virginia, a shooting that stunned his home state and rocked the halls of Congress.
"Personally, we have our Italian-American connection, so as soon as I heard his name, I was filled with concern ... We had that special connection," House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi said in an emotional speech on the House floor.
The wounding came when Scalise was practicing for an annual charity baseball game that he embraced each year and that was scheduled for Thursday night.
On his desk, the principal of Archbishop Rummel High School where Scalise graduated in 1983 has a photocopied image of a middle-aged Scalise in a Rummel Raiders baseball uniform, given to him by the school so Scalise could wear it in the game for which he was practicing.
"That's pretty much the mantra of the school: We're all brothers," said Marc Milano, leader of the all-boys Catholic School. "Everybody sticks together. So when something happens like that it affects everybody. Steve very much lives that out."
Time and again, the stories are the same nearly 10 years after his election to Congress, of Scalise staying in touch with the New Orleans area where he grew up.
His campaign for the whip job had a Louisiana flair that included distribution of "Geaux Scalise" T-shirts and Cajun food. When he registered for one of his most recent elections, he stuck around to eat gumbo and traditional Louisiana sandwiches called po-boys with Schedler. He regularly takes his congressional colleagues on helicopter trips to offshore oil rigs, as he advocates for an oil and gas industry that is critical to Louisiana. One of his closest friends remains Rep. Cedric Richmond, a New Orleans Democrat who leads the Congressional Black Caucus and befriended Scalise when the two were both in the state House.
Richmond defended Scalise in the only scandal the Republican leader has faced. In 2014, information came to light after his election as whip that Scalise had spoken in 2002 to a white supremacist group founded by former Ku Klux Klan leader David Duke. Scalise apologized for the speech, described himself as unaware of the group's racial philosophy when he agreed to speak and said that he rejects "bigotry of all forms."
Before entering Congress, Scalise was in the Louisiana Legislature for 12 years. His signature legislation included a film industry tax credit program aimed at helping Louisiana become "Hollywood South" and a constitutional amendment outlawing gay marriage.
Scalise, married with two children, was first elected to the U.S. House in 2008, representing a district that includes some New Orleans suburbs and bayou parishes. He served as chairman of the Republican Study Committee, a group of conservatives, before becoming whip in the leadership shuffle that followed the surprise defeat of then-Majority Leader Eric Cantor in a Republican primary.
As a lawmaker, Scalise built relationships with people of diverse views, even as he maintained an unshakable conservative voting record.
"He doesn't intimidate. He doesn't burn bridges with people. If he can't work it out, he just shakes hands and agrees to try again next time, agree to disagree, and keep it civil. And that's a lost art," Schedler said.
Democratic Louisiana Gov. John Bel Edwards called Scalise a "friend, colleague and fighter for the people of Louisiana." The chair of the Louisiana Democratic Party, state Sen. Karen Carter Peterson, described the congressman has having a "core philosophy of standing up and fighting hard for what you believe in."
On the other side of the political aisle, Scalise has forged a close relationship with President Donald Trump, working together on the House health care bill and a pending effort to overhaul the tax code. Trump, in remarks from the White House, called Scalise "a very good friend" and said, "He's a patriot, and he's a fighter. He will recover from this assault."
When he won the job as the No. 3 House Republican, Scalise got the security detail that comes with the position, assigned to him at all times. Louisiana politicians often have joked about the round-the-clock bodyguards for a congressman known as unassuming and low-key.
"I've seen him a couple of times like in the Superdome and I often wondered, 'Well, why in the hell did he have all those security people with him?" said Louisiana Senate President John Alario.
"I see why now," Alario added. "It was an abundance of caution. I'm glad they did it."
___
Daly reported from Washington. Associated Press writer Kevin McGill in Metairie, Louisiana, contributed to this report.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
John Luther is back for another four episodes next year, which will see the return of some familiar characters...
“It's classic Luther,” says Idris Elba as he teases the return of the troubled London detective for series five. “We're not reinventing the wheel.”
Advertisement
The actor has been taking on bigger and bigger film projects in the last couple of years and will soon star alongside Kate Winslet in The Mountain between Us, a survival movie following in the snowy footsteps of The Revenant (only with more romance, fewer bears, and puffer jackets).
But now he is about to plunge back into the world of John Luther as he returns to the BBC for four more episodes of the popular crime drama.
Elba wants to stay tight-lipped on the drama that made him a household name (“I can't say. I'm really sorry. I can't give you anything”) – but he can't help himself from dropping a few intriguing hints. “I mean there is a lot of excitement about the characters that are in this one,” he says.
Characters like enigmatic killer Alice (Ruth Wilson) or sidekick DS Emma Lane (Rose Leslie) perhaps?
“We'll have to wait and see!” Elba teases, before adding the promising remark: “There's no point trying to make something unfamiliar.”
So why did he decide to put on the coat he first wore seven years ago, and return to the part of John Luther?
“Luther has never been scheduled to do it every year,” he explains. “We do it whenever we want, and that's why this feels like a good time to come back; it's just because we've been away for a while.
“There is unfinished business, but there's also more Luther. There's more of that really complex character that I love to play.”
Four years ago the show's creator Neil Cross sparked huge excitement amongst Luther fans when he revealed a film adaptation had been written. Since then reports of a movie appear to have gone quiet.
However, Elba's keen to revive the project – and in fact, he has a much more ambitious idea.
“It's very much in our minds, the film,” he reveals. “I think it could be an amazing series of films.”
Are we still talking about the same movie script Cross mentioned all those years ago? “It's taken on some different legs, but it definitely feels like it would be magnified more – open Luther in terms of what he can do, on a film scale,” Elba explains.
The Hackney-born actor has had plenty of experience working on a “film scale” in the last few years, with starring roles in The Dark Tower, Star Trek Beyond, Zootopia, the Avengers and Thor movies – and now The Mountain Between Us, where he plays brain surgeon Ben Bass.
Ben finds himself stranded in the snowy mountains after a plane crash which leaves him, photojournalist Alex Martin (Winslet) and a baffled labrador as the only survivors.
Elba's character is a reserved Englishman who is reluctant to talk about his personal life, while American Alex can't help but pry. And as they struggle to work out how to survive in the freezing mountains and reach civilisation, Ben is cautious – while Alex wants to take more risks to save both their lives.
“I could relate to him being guarded,” says Elba. “Personally, when someone asks me a lot of questions I'm always sort of like: ‘Hm, why do you want to know that?'
“I'm growing out of that actually, because I realise that sometimes the nosy person doesn't mean that they've got anything they're going to do with the information, they're actually just trying to get you to open up a bit, which is okay. And Ben's a bit like that.
“But I think I'm actually more like the Alex character in reality. If we were stuck on a mountain, I'd say, ‘Look man, we've got to get out, let's go. Let's get out of here. Let's figure it out.'”
That bolshyness in a female character – and that cautiousness in a male character – is quite rare to see on the big screen.
“We talked about that quite a bit,” explains Elba. “Let's not have Ben be the hero all the time, let's show Ben in weaker moments and let's show Alex in triumphant, typically masculine moments. But let's be truthful to honest gender dynamics. Especially in this day and age.
Advertisement
“Look – I've been playing characters that are masculine and machismo, and I've played a lot of those characters, and this is one where that's turned on its head.”
Police in Ottawa County are looking for a runaway teen who they believe is in danger.
According to police, Hunter Swartz, 15, was last seen at his home on Rice Street in Elmore, Ohio Monday afternoon.
The missing advisory has been issued for Ottawa, Erie, Lucas, Sandusky and Wood Counties.
No Amber Alert has been issued in the case, but the teen is believed to be in danger.
Anyone with information should call the Ottawa County Sheriff's Office at 419-734-4404.
Follow WTOL:
Download our app here.
Copyright 2017 WTOL. All rights reserved.
Laba! festival brings Ubuntu spirit to city
Ubuntu simply means “spirit of togetherness in all humanity regardless of gender, age, race, or colour. And it was the theme of this year's Laba! Festival held on May 27 in the Kamwokya suburb of Kampala city.
The festival held annually along a section of Bukoto Street in Kamwokya where the organiser; the Goethe Zentrum Kampala (UGCS), occupies a niche as a street art festival. Its core objective is to facilitate engaging, interacting, and entertaining the audience in a mish- mash of art, music, and food. It is a podium to expose art to a larger audience with no price tag attached.
But it is also an opportunity for young artists to showcase their creativity without being constrained or intimidated by the demands of conventional art spaces like galleries and museum. As a result, Laba! has successfully launched many art careers.
As if to emphasise its evolution as a comfortable space for budding artists to showcase their art, this year's Laba! was missed by many of the usual big names like usual suspects Ronex, Edison Mugalu, Afriart gallery, and Karibu Art gallery.
Their absence was both good and bad. Their creativity was of course missed but it gave the festival a relatively lower tempo than past festivals which facilitated easy up-close engagements with the artists by some visitors.
One artist who captured the collaborative spirit of Ubuntu and effectively engaged the public with his art is Denis Komaketch.
He presented an installation titled `Make some Noise' which, on the face of it, appeared not in the least related to Ubuntu. His artwork was inspired by noise often created by metal fabricators. Komaketch who is a professional instrumentalist, worked with artisans from metal fabrication sites in Nakawa; another city suburb to create the initial sounds which he fused with guitar and flute sounds to produce music that is layered by different types of sound. The merged sound-the baseline- was amplified and boomed out in a megaphone-like installation at the festival. It was an experimental idea of (re)constructing and deconstructing sound that involved the artist and the community of metal fabricators who are often disregarded. That is the spirit of Ubuntu.
A similar integration of different elements of daily life into art was at work in another installation titled `Sabaala Embaata' interpreted as `hit that duck!'. The phrase is often used by selfish motorists threatening to knock-down pedestrians along city roads. It is often an empty threat but the artists from Kikaali Studios use it to show that its self-centered spark is contrary to the concept of Umbutu.
The artists who included an illustrator and animator used this life experience to create a short video that is viewed by the audience inside a small booth covered by a black curtain at the entrance. This re-erection of the video hall on the open street continues the conversation of experimentation while exploring the subject of togetherness. In the spirit of Ubuntu, the video hall or booth ceases to be only a venue of watching films but is a platform for people to meet and make friends regardless of color, age and sex. This year's festival was also different as it was not an open market filled with crafts like was the case in previous fetes.
****
The post Laba! festival brings Ubuntu spirit to city appeared first on The Independent Uganda:.
This post was syndicated from The Independent Uganda:. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
United Nations Commends Nigeria on SDGs Implementation
Abimbola Akosile
The efforts of the Federal Government to effectively domesticate and implement the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) got a big boost in Abuja recently with the United Nations pledging its partnership and support to Nigeria to deliver on the implementation of the SDGs.
The pledge was made when the Global Director of the United Nations SDG Action Campaign, Mr. Mitchell Toomey paid a courtesy visit to the Senior Special Assistant to the President on the SDGs, Princess Adejoke Orelope-Adefulire.
Toomey, in a release issued by the Media Assistant to the Office of the Senior Special Assistant to the President on SDGs, Mr. Desmond Utomwen commended the Federal Government of Nigeria for taking policy, institutional, and financial steps towards providing the needed environment for the implementation of the SDGs in Nigeria.
Specifically, he noted that Nigeria was amongst the first countries to establish a special high-level office in the presidency to coordinate the implementation of the SDGs. He also commended Nigeria for its multi-stakeholder approach in implementing the SDGs.
Through this approach, Nigeria has been able to set up structures which will support the engagement of the private sector, civil society and other non-state actors, the release noted.
According to Toomey, “the SDGs are about the people. The formulation of the SDGs saw one of the most inclusive and consultative processes in the history of the United Nations, involving the Member states, civil society, private sector, parliamentarians, local authorities, faith leaders amongst other. The implementation should therefore be founded upon broad-based partnerships and contributions from every segment of the society”.
The UN Chief congratulated Nigeria for being a candidate country in the 2017 Voluntary National Reviews of the SDGs, a global process through which national implementation of the SDGs are reviewed. This move, according to him, was a mark of Nigeria's openness and commitment to implementing the SDGs.
Responding, Princess Orelope-Adefulire acknowledged the historical partnership existing between Nigeria and the UN SDG Action Campaign dating back to its precursor, the UN Millennium Campaign, which was anchored in Nigeria then by Mr. Hilary Ogbonna before its transformation when the SDGs were adopted in New York at the historic 70th UN General Assembly in September 2015.
She pledged the continuation of this unique partnership and called on the SDG Action Campaign to devise effective means of ensuring the SDGs are promoted and owned by peoples of the world. The Presidential Adviser assured that the “current administration in Nigeria is committed to faithfully implementing the SDGs and ensuring that no Nigerian is left behind.”
She also noted that “in spite of the current economic realities, Nigeria has continued to commit funds to the SDGs and in social investments in two successive national budgets.”
Nigeria was one of the more than 190 member-nations who endorsed the adopted SDGs at the 70th General Assembly, and President Muhammadu Buhari led the delegation which attended the landmark event in the United States. The country also signed the international agreement on climate change, tagged the Paris Accord,
This post was syndicated from THISDAYLIVE. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Liam Gallagher has announced a string of North American tour dates supported by another icon of the Britpop era: Richard Ashcroft, former frontman of the Verve. They'll visit San Francisco, Los Angeles, Toronto, Boston, New York City, and Philadelphia together in May. Gallagher will then play a solo show in Washington, D.C., and from there the pair will reunite for a some more concerts closer to home in Dublin, Belfast, and London.
Gallagher is on tour in support of last year's debut solo record As You Were; Ashcroft's most recent solo release was 2016's These People. The former Oasis singer is a longtime Ashcroft fan, which of course means Noel Gallagher has insulted both of them. Check out the joint North American tour dates below; tickets go on sale this Friday, March 23.
Dig me out all day long rkid but Richard Ashcroft pisses all over you and the 2 Ronnie's every day of the wk as you were LG x — Liam Gallagher (@liamgallagher) January 7, 2018
Liam Gallagher 2018 North American tour dates
May 10 — San Francisco, CA @ Masonic Theater
May 11 — Los Angeles, CA @ The Greek Theatre
May 13 — Toronto, ON @ Sony Centre for The Performing Arts
May 14 — Boston, MA @ Blue Hills Bank Pavilion
May 16 — New York, NY @ Central Park Summer Stage
May 17 — Philadelphia, PA Festival Pier @ Penn's Landing
May 18 — Washington, D.C. @ Lincoln Theatre (Gallagher only)
Guillermo del Toro's highly acclaimed The Shape of Water led the Golden Globe nominations with the most for a film, picking up nods for Best Director and Best Screenplay, along with acting noms for the underrated trifecta of Sally Hawkins, Richard Jenkins and Octavia Spencer.
Following closely behind is Steven Spielberg's The Post, tying with Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri with six nominations each, with Frances McDormand the likely frontrunner for Best Actress in a Drama.
Both Call Me By Your Name and Lady Bird came out with expected nods for their cast, and although Greta Gerwig was nominated for Best Screenplay for the ladder, she's conspicuously missing from the Best Director list, which is unabashedly all male, shutting out Wonder Woman‘s Patty Jenkins and Detroit's Kathryn Bigelow.
The Greatest Showman, this year's campy circus biopic, starring Hugh Jackman as P.T. Barnum, managed to score as many nods as Call Me By Your Name and Christopher Nolan's Dunkirk, and more than Jordan Peele's Get Out, which only picked up two nominations despite being hailed as one of the biggest box office and critical successes of the year.
The biggest shock of all, though, is the inclusion of Ridley Scott's All the Money in the World, which went through last-minute reshoots in November in an effort to replace the disgraced Kevin Spacey with Christopher Plummer. Despite still being in the editing process in order to make its late December release date, the film picked up three noms, for Scott, Plummer and co-star Michelle Williams — just in case you've ever wondered if awards are based on talent or, I guess, marketing.
As for television, it's the usual suspects, with HBO's Big Little Lies leading the pack with six nominations, for stars Nicole Kidman, Reese Witherspoon, Shailene Woodley and Alexander Skarsgard.
And managing to sneak in under the wire, deservedly, is The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel, for Best Actress in a Comedy and Best Musical or Comedy Series, along with David Harbour repping the Stranger Things cast and SMILF's Frankie Shaw.
USA network's The Sinner, which flew relatively (and wisely) under the radar, picked up noms for Best Limited Series and Best Actress in a Limited Series for Jessica Biel.
What a time to be alive.
The complete list of nominees for the 75th annual Golden Globe Awards, which will air January 7, hosted by Seth Meyers:
Best Motion Picture – Drama
Call Me by Your Name
Dunkirk
The Post
The Shape of Water
Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri
Best Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy
The Disaster Artist
Get Out
The Greatest Showman
I, Tonya
Lady Bird
Best Motion Picture – Animated
The Boss Baby
The Breadwinner
Coco
Ferdinand
Loving Vincent
Best Motion Picture – Foreign Language
A Fantastic Woman
First They Killed My Father
In the Fade
Loveless
The Square
Best Performance by an Actress in a Motion Picture – Drama
Jessica Chastain, Molly's Game
Sally Hawkins, The Shape of Water
Frances McDormand, Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri
Meryl Streep, The Post
Michelle Williams, All the Money in the World
Best Performance by an Actor in a Motion Picture – Drama
Timothée Chalamet, Call Me by Your Name
Daniel Day-Lewis, Phantom Thread
Tom Hanks, The Post
Gary Oldman, The Darkest Hour
Denzel Washington, Roman J. Israel, Esq.
Best Performance by an Actress in a Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy
Judi Dench, Victoria & Abdul
Helen Mirren, The Leisure Seeker
Margot Robbie, I, Tonya
Saoirse Ronan, Lady Bird
Emma Stone, Battle of the Sexes
Best Performance by an Actor in a Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy
Steve Carell, Battle of the Sexes
Ansel Elgort, Baby Driver
James Franco, The Disaster Artist
Hugh Jackman, The Greatest Showman
Daniel Kaluuya, Get Out
Best Performance by an Actress in a Supporting Role in any Motion Picture
Mary J. Blige, Mudbound
Hong Chau, Downsizing
Allison Janney, I, Tonya
Laurie Metcalf, Lady Bird
Octavia Spencer, The Shape of Water
Best Performance by an Actor in a Supporting Role in any Motion Picture
Willem Dafoe, The Florida Project
Armie Hammer, Call Me by Your Name
Richard Jenkins, The Shape of Water
Christopher Plummer, All the Money in the World
Sam Rockwell, Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri
Best Director – Motion Picture
Guillermo del Toro, The Shape of Water
Martin McDonagh, Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri
Christopher Nolan, Dunkirk
Ridley Scott, All the Money in the World
Steven Spielberg, The Post
Best Screenplay – Motion Picture
The Shape of Water
Lady Bird
The Post
Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri
Molly's Game
Best Original Score – Motion Picture
Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri
The Shape of Water
Phantom Thread
The Post
Dunkirk
Best Original Song – Motion Picture
“Home,” Ferdinand
“Mighty River,” Mudbound
“Remember Me,” Coco
“The Star,” The Star
“This Is Me,” The Greatest Showman
Best Television Series – Drama
The Crown
Game of Thrones
The Handmaid's Tale
Stranger Things
This Is Us
Best Television Series – Musical or Comedy
Blackish
The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel
Master of None
SMILF
Will & Grace
Best Television Limited Series or Motion Picture Made for Television
Big Little Lies
Fargo
Feud: Bette and Joan
The Sinner
Top of the Lake: China Girl
Best Performance by an Actress in a Limited Series or Motion Picture Made for Television
Jessica Biel, The Sinner
Nicole Kidman, Big Little Lies
Jessica Lange, Feud: Bette and Joan
Susan Sarandon, Feud: Bette and Joan
Reese Witherspoon, Big Little Lies
Best Performance by an Actor in a Limited Series or Motion Picture Made for Television
Robert De Niro, The Wizard of Lies
Jude Law, The Young Pope
Kyle MacLachlan, Twin Peaks
Ewan McGregor, Fargo
Geoffrey Rush, Genius
Best Performance by an Actress in a Television Series – Drama
Caitriona Balfe, Outlander
Claire Foy, The Crown
Maggie Gyllenhaal, The Deuce
Katherine Langford, 13 Reasons Why
Elisabeth Moss, The Handmaid's Tale
Best Performance by an Actor in a Television Series – Drama
Jason Bateman, Ozark
Sterling K. Brown, This Is Us
Freddie Highmore, The Good Doctor
Bob Odenkirk, Better Call Saul
Liev Schreiber, Ray Donovan
Best Performance by an Actress in a Television Series – Musical or Comedy
Pamela Adlon, Better Things
Alison Brie, GLOW
Rachel Brosnahan, The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel
Issa Rae, Insecure
Frankie Shaw, SMILF
Best Performance by an Actor in a Television Series – Musical or Comedy
Anthony Anderson, Blackish
Aziz Ansari, Master of None
Kevin Bacon, I Love Dick
William H. Macy, Shameless
Eric McCormack, Will & Grace
Best Performance by an Actress in a Supporting Role in a Series, Limited Series or Motion Picture Made for Television
Laura Dern, Big Little Lies
Ann Dowd, The Handmaid's Tale
Chrissy Metz, This Is Us
Michelle Pfeiffer, The Wizard of Lies
Shailene Woodley, Big Little Lies
Best Performance by an Actor in a Supporting Role in a Series, Limited Series or Motion Picture Made for Television
David Harbour, Stranger Things
Alfred Molina, Feud: Bette and Joan
Christian Slater, Mr. Robot
Alexander Skarsgard, Big Little Lies
David Thewlis, Fargo
As first reported by Wyo4News on Friday night in a Facebook post from the Rock Springs Animal Control, today Sweetwater County Sheriff Mike Lowell passed along an advisory from Mike Kiggins, the City of Rock Springs's Animal Control Supervisor, concerning a confirmed positive case of canine distemper in a raccoon captured in Rock Springs.
The Wyoming Game and Fish Department has confirmed a positive case of canine distemper in a raccoon captured in Rock Springs. In addition, staff from Rock Springs Animal Control recently picked up two more raccoons that also showed signs of having canine distemper. These animals were found along Bitter Creek between the Belt Loop and Grant Street.
Officials strongly recommend that all pets' vaccinations be current, particularly animals that are kept outside. Pets that are kept outside should be monitored closely; if an animal shows signs of being ill, it should be taken to a veterinarian immediately. Given the Bitter Creek Bark Park at 850 West Center Street's close proximity to Bitter Creek, it is especially important that dog owners using it follow all the rules and not bring any unvaccinated dogs there.
Canine distemper is a contagious and serious viral illness with no known cure. The disease affects dogs and certain species of wildlife, including raccoons, coyotes, wolves, foxes, and skunks. Another common house pet, the ferret, is also a carrier of this virus.
The virus, which is spread through the air and by direct or indirect (i.e. utensils, bedding) contact with an infected animal, initially attacks a dog's tonsils and lymph nodes and replicates itself there for about one week. It then attacks the respiratory, urogenital, gastrointestinal, and nervous systems.
Contact your veterinarian if you have any questions about canine distemper. Another good source of information is the website of the American Veterinary Medical Foundation at www.avma.org/public/PetCare/Pages/Canine-Distemper.aspx .
Battery packs aren't gamer-sexy, are they? I mean, you wouldn't imagine finding a battery pack or case for your iPhone that had good quality and also appealed to your gamer-retro preferred stylistics. Well, GoGoToro has just what you want, in the Chargemander 2.0. It's a Pokémon Go smartphone battery case.
Why Am I Talking About a Pokémon Go Smartphone Battery Case?
I know, we don't have any new iPhones yet, so there isn't much to talk about in the way of battery cases. And Pokémon Go is old news, right? But with the Solstice event happening in Pokémon Go right now, you're probably trying to hatch more eggs than usual. That means you need more battery than you otherwise do, in order to benefit from that XP bonus. Chances are you're thinking more about your battery case than usual.
The Chargemander 2.0 case was designed to offer plenty of juice for your iPhone. At the same time, it gives you that look and feel of a classic gaming icon. This case brings the original controllers and handheld gaming systems rolled into one design. Oh, and it's a battery case, too. Imagine you've just finished collecting five times the XP for hatching a 7-mile-wide egg. Your battery is hovering under 10 percent. You'd be thinking about a great battery case, too. You might just wish you had a Pokémon Go smartphone battery case.
The Beauty of the Chargemander 2.0
This particular case is advertised as being the fastest-charging battery case you can find. It can fully charge your iPhone in record time for a battery case. It has a 5200mAh battery capacity, which gives you 300 percent more juice. Using the included adapter and charger, you can fully juice up your Chargemander 2.0 in just 15 minutes. With 1200 cycles, you can use this battery case every day for more than three years.
Those are just the technical specs. Where this thing really shines is that it looks like something a hardcore retro gamer would carry. Shaped with a retro gaming flair, it comes with stickers that will really take you back to the heyday of console and portable gaming before smartphones.
Standard or Super Fast Charging — Your Choice
The Chargemander 2.0 is a battery case in and of itself, and it'll keep your iPhone juiced up for hours. If you want to charge fast, though, you just plug in the included cable to the wall. This particular battery case actually comes with an electrical plug, unlike most that just give you the sync cable that recharges the battery with your own wall plug.
With this case, you don't have to worry about running out of battery power while you're hatching your next huge Pokémon egg. Just pop your iPhone into the Chargemander 2.0 before you set out for the day, and you'll be good to go. You don't have to worry about messing around with cables, car chargers, or battery packs that don't reflect your gamer style. The Chargemander 2.0 starts at $79.95, and is available to ship now.
CAIRO — The sole candidate running against Egyptian President Abdel-Fattah el-Sissi has had two showcase campaign rallies in downtown Cairo. The first was a disaster. No one showed up except a few campaign workers.
The second, on March 11, was a slight improvement: 30 people attended. They held banners and chanted slogans, though the chants weren't exactly resounding victory cries for their candidate, an almost unknown politician named Moussa Mustafa Moussa.
“Whether Moussa wins or el-Sissi wins, either is our president!” they shouted.
There is no question the general-turned-president el-Sissi will win a second four-year term. But the March 26-28 election will likely be remembered as the event that signalled Egypt's break with the little pretense it had left of democratic rule, seven years after a popular uprising toppled autocrat Hosni Mubarak in the name of democracy.
The election was preceded by a purge of would-be opposing candidates that was unprecedented even in comparison to Mubarak's nearly 30-year rule. Authorities also clamped down on the media, even egging the public to report to the police anyone they feel is depicting the country in a bad light.
The question raised by many observers is why such extreme measures were taken to ensure a vote that el-Sissi would probably win anyway. El-Sissi seems convinced that a genuinely contested election could destabilize the country, allow his Islamist foes a back door into politics or interfere with his high-octane, single-handed drive to revive the battered economy.
El-Sissi was first elected in a 2014 landslide, riding on popularity after, as army chief, he led the military's ouster of Islamist President Mohammed Morsi. He kept much of that popularity while ferociously cracking down on Islamists and secular dissenters.
He has insisted stability must take priority over freedoms as he carried out multiple, large-scale infrastructure projects and implemented painful austerity reforms. With those reforms, el-Sissi has succeeded in bringing some life back to the economy, though at the cost of inflation that has badly hurt many in the impoverished population. El-Sissi has also made a name for himself on the international stage as a champion against Islamic militancy.
After the election, el-Sissi and his supporters will very likely try to get rid of the constitution's two term limit on the presidency, said Paul Salem, a senior Middle East expert from the Washington-based Middle East Institute.
“It might be the view of el-Sissi and his administration that this is needed for stability for economic and security reasons,” Salem told The Associated Press.
“My own personal view is that this buys stability for the short term but makes any transfer of power which has to happen sooner or later much more difficult,” Salem added.
Moussa, an ardent el-Sissi supporter, entered the race at the last minute to prevent the embarrassment of a one-candidate election. An extremely polite contestant, he has avoided sounding eager to win, never criticizes el-Sissi and in fact often praises him.
El-Sissi hasn't bothered to campaign in person. Instead, the streets of Cairo and other cities have been swamped in a tidal wave of billboards, banners and posters with his image declaring: “He is the hope.”
A decent turnout is the one thing left to give the vote a measure of respectability. El-Sissi's supporters have organized rallies urging the public to vote. Pro-government media proclaim that voting is a religious duty and failing to do so is “high treason.” Moussa's supporters chanted at his rally that would-be boycotters are traitors and cowards.
In a speech Monday, el-Sissi urged everyone to vote, “whatever your political choices and opinions.” Laughing, he told the crowd, “I love you, go out and vote.”
Imad Hussein, the pro-el-Sissi editor of Al-Shorouk newspaper, criticized the handling of the election, not because the field of candidates was engineered but because it wasn't done smoothly.
“We, of course, hoped to have a genuinely contested election,” he wrote last month. “But since we don't have that, the government was supposed to at least prepare the stage to make it look democratic.”
The methodical elimination of opponents suggested el-Sissi felt a vulnerability — particularly to a candidate rooted in the military who could exploit possible cracks in his popularity, whether over pain from economic reforms, resentment over crackdowns or frustration over continued militant violence.
Several candidates dropped out, citing intimidation and harassment. But the harshest treatment was dealt out to two former generals: former military chief of staff Maj. Gen. Sami Annan and former air force general Ahmed Shafiq.
The candidacy of Annan “would have created a conflict that would impact on the ‘holy' unity of the armed forces and push into the open files that can only remain secret,” analyst Abdel-Azeem Hamad wrote in a Feb. 22 column. Annan was the second-highest figure in the military's supreme council that ruled Egypt for more than a year after Mubarak's fall.
The 70-year-old Annan was an unquestioned member of the “deep state,” ensuring the military, police and other key institutions would not oppose his presidency, one of his top campaign aides, Hisham Genena, said in an interview last month.
“This blend of civilians and military men caused the regime to panic,” he said, alluding to Annan's choice of him and a left-wing university professor as his top aides.
Annan struck a progressive tone in his short-lived candidacy. In a January video announcing his run, he lamented encroachments on freedoms and Egyptians' suffering under el-Sissi's economic reforms, and he called on the military to remain neutral in the voting.
Over the next three days, top military brass — including Egypt's former military ruler, Field Marshal Mohammed Tantawi — tried to dissuade Annan from running, Genena said.
Annan brushed them off. Finally, authorities moved: on Jan. 23, he was grabbed from his car by masked men on a Cairo highway.
He has been detained ever since at a military prison, facing charges of incitement against the military, forgery and failing to secure clearance from the military to run for president.
Senior security officials said Annan had been under surveillance for months and was directly advised not to run, to maintain the military's image as united without rival loyalties.
“He was fully aware of the consequences that awaited him … The warnings were crystal clear,” said one of the officials, who spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to brief the media.
As he went to file an appeal against Annan's arrest, Genena was beaten up by thugs his lawyers contend were sent by the police. Genena was later arrested after he claimed in a TV interview that Annan had documents incriminating Egypt's leadership.
Annan is now under pressure to accept house arrest and silence in exchange for the dropping of all charges, according to a person with first-hand knowledge of the case. So far he has refused, but “they are bringing up all sorts of allegations” to push him into it, said the person, who spoke to the AP on condition of anonymity for the same reason as the security officials.
In the case of Shafiq, authorities were likely worried not just by his military credentials. Mubarak's last prime minister, Shafiq ran in the 2012 presidential elections, seen as Egypt's freest vote, finishing a close second to Morsi.
Shafiq lived in the United Arab Emirates since that election.
He announced his intention to run again in a Nov. 29 video. The Emiratis, close allies of el-Sissi, promptly arrested him and deported him to Egypt. At Cairo's airport, he was whisked away by security agents, interrogated and confined under guard at a hotel, his phone confiscated, the security officials said.
Over the next days, senior security officials pressed him to drop out of the race, according to the officials. Pro-government media launched a high-intensity campaign to discredit him, threatening that past corruption cases against him would be revived and hinting at exposure of alleged sexual indiscretions.
Shafiq buckled, announcing his withdrawal on Jan. 7. He has not been seen since — effectively under house arrest, the officials said.
Annan and Shafiq posed particular problems for el-Sissi. They would have offered safe bets for voters seeking change but wary of parting company with the military, which many Egyptians still respect as a protector of stability and which produced all but two of Egypt's presidents since the dawn of the republic in the 1950s.
But more worrisome, the tumultuous events of recent weeks fueled speculation about possible fissures within the military, which prides itself on iron-clad unity and secrecy.
It is not known whether Annan or Shafiq's challenges to el-Sissi had any support among senior officers. But other developments have also raised question marks, such as unexplained dismissals in past months of the military's chief of staff and the head of the General Intelligence Directorate, Egypt's version of the CIA, who also hails from the military.
Government-controlled media have briefly mentioned conflicts among security and intelligence agencies, which are traditionally headed by men of military background, and there have been unconfirmed reports of top generals being quietly sidelined.
Further fueling speculation, el-Sissi in a recent speech angrily lashed out at unspecified opponents. “By God, the price of Egypt's stability and security is my life and the life of the army,” he warned, directing an intense gaze at Defence Minister Sidki Sobhi, seated to his left. “I am not a politician who just talks,” he added.
Michael W. Hanna, an Egypt expert from New York's Century Foundation, believes el-Sissi's fury was chiefly directed at rivals inside the military.
“The regime is super sensitive,” he said, “but it may also be facing internal tensions and rivalries that are seeping out into the public domain.”
Tech Companies Beware: Oculus Fined $500M over Code Violation
A Texas jury on Wednesday found that Facebook's virtual reality (VR) unit Oculus directly infringed on the copyright of video game publisher ZeniMax, as well as ZeniMax-owned id Software. For this and other legal violations, jurors ordered Oculus and two of its executives to pay ZeniMax a total of $500 million.
Facebook has said that it plans to appeal the decision, according to a report in the Wall Street Journal. Oculus also released a statement welcoming the fact that jurors rejected some of ZeniMax's allegations, which combined could have led to total damages of $2 billion.
Oculus, which released the first commercial version of its Oculus Rift VR system last year, was purchased by Facebook for $2 billion in 2014. ZeniMax and id Software filed a complaint against Oculus and co-founder Palmer Luckey in May of that year. The lawsuit was later amended to add Facebook, former Oculus CEO Brendan Iribe and John Carmack, a co-founder of id Software -- acquired by ZeniMax in 2009 -- who left that company to join Oculus, where he serves as CTO.
Findings Include Copyright, Trademark Infringement
In its original complaint, ZeniMax said that it had provided Oculus and Luckey with access to intellectual property that it had developed "after years of research and investment. This valuable intellectual property included copyrighted computer code, trade secret information, and technical know-how."
Despite having signed a binding non-disclosure agreement regarding that property, Oculus and Luckey "commercially exploited it for their own gain" and stood to reap "billions in value" from that information, ZeniMax added.
In a 90-page summary of its findings, the jury hearing the case dismissed some of ZeniMax and id Software's complaints, but decided in their favor on a number of issues, including copyright infringement, breach of contract, trademark infringement and false designation. The jury ordered Oculus to pay total damages of $300 million and also awarded the plaintiffs $150 million in damages from Iribe and $50 million from Luckey.
"Expect more motions to get filed in the trial court, including ZeniMax seeking millions in attorney fees," IME Law attorneys Matt Hooper and Brian Sommer wrote yesterday in an analysis of the verdict published in Road to VR. "Although the verdict has been announced, it's not likely the end of the case, but actually a second beginning. Given the high stakes of this case, expect a number of post-verdict motions and appeals, resulting in the case dragging on indefinitely."
Plenty of Colorful Twists
In addition to serving as a potential warning to technology firms as well as tech executives who frequently change employment to establish new companies or join competitors, the ZeniMax/Oculus case offers a number of other colorful side stories.
"Although ZeniMax isn't a household name, the Rockville, Maryland, company has some powerful and famous connections. Its board includes President Donald Trump's younger brother, Robert; CBS Corp. CEO Leslie Moonves; Hall of Fame baseball player Cal Ripken Jr.; and blockbuster movie producer Jerry Bruckheimer," according to the Mercury News. "In addition, ZeniMax CEO Robert A. Altman is married to Lynda Carter, who played Wonder Woman in the 1970s TV series."
Meanwhile, Oculus co-founder Luckey faced harsh criticism last fall after news emerged that he had contributed $10,000 to a Nimble America campaign against Hillary Clinton, the Democratic nominee in the 2016 presidential race.
And yesterday, Carmack took to Facebook to lambast the expert witness testimony offered against him, Oculus and the other defendants during the trial.
The plaintiff's expert, "said Oculus's implementations of the techniques at issue were 'non-literally copied' from the source code I wrote while at Id Software," Carmack said. "This is just not true."
Carmack added, "Notably, I wasn't allowed to read the full expert report, only listen to him in trial, and even his expert testimony in trial is under seal, rather than in the public record. This is surely intentional -- if the code examples were released publicly, the Internet would have viciously mocked the analysis."
PINELLAS COUNTY, Fla. (WFLA) — According to Pinellas County Schools Lakewood High School is on lockdown due to a safety threat.
St. Petersburg Police Department said they received a report of a weapon on campus.
Law enforcement is at the school searching for the reported weapon.
Stay with WFLA News Channel 8 for updates on this breaking news.
Thom Yorke of Radiohead performed a solo acoustic guitar version of the band's classic song “True Love Waits” in Rio De Janeiro this week. Before it appeared as the unearthly piano-led closer of 2016's A Moon Shaped Pool, the song was well known to fans as an acoustic ballad that would appear in concert sets from time to time, and was previously immortalized on the 2001 live EP I Might Be Wrong. According to Consequence of Sound, it's been 15 years since the band pulled it out in its original arrangement. Radiohead's catalog is full of heartwrenching moments, but this might be the most reliable tearjerker they have. Steel yourself before you watch below.
Cambridge Analytica says it is ‘no Bond villain'
Cambridge Analytica claimed Tuesday it was “no Bond villain” as it vehemently denied exploiting Facebook users' data for the election campaign of US President Donald Trump.
The marketing analytics firm stressed it had deleted data about Facebook users obtained in breach of the social network's terms of service.
The information had been gathered via a personality prediction app developed by academic Aleksandr Kogan's research firm Global Science Research (GSR).
Cambridge Analytica (CA) insisted it did not use the data during Trump's 2016 campaign and did not support the pro-Brexit side in Britain's referendum on its European Union membership that same year.
Spokesman Clarence Mitchell claimed the company had been portrayed like the enemy in a James Bond film.
“Cambridge Analytica is no Bond villain,” he said.
“While no laws were broken, we have acknowledged where mistakes have been made.”
He convened a press conference in London “to counter some of the unfounded allegations and, frankly, the torrent of ill-informed and inaccurate speculation”.
CA suspended chief executive Alexander Nix on March 20 after recordings emerged of him boasting that the firm played an expansive role in the Trump campaign, doing all of its research, analytics as well as digital and television campaigns.
In undercover filming captured by Channel 4 television, he is also seen boasting about entrapping politicians and secretly operating in elections around the world through shadowy front companies.
Speaking of Nix, Mitchell said: “At worst he's guilty of over-zealous salesmanship in an attempt to apparently win a contract.
“Staff that saw that were horrified and did not recognise the Cambridge Analytica they worked for.”
He said the data CA acquired from GSR was for up to 30 million respondents in the United States only, irrespective of how many GSR was able to get information on.
The data that Kogan managed to collect through the app was tested in 2014 and 2015, before Facebook complained about it, and was “shown to be virtually useless in that it was only just above random guessing, in statistical terms,” said Mitchell.
“Cambridge Analytica did not use the data further. The firm did work for Donald Trump for five months.”
But, Mitchell insisted: “Any suggestion that the GSR Kogan data was used in that campaign is utterly incorrect. Its effective uselessness had already been identified by then.”
Mitchell said CA was “extremely sorry” that it ended up in the possession of data that breached Facebook's terms of service.
On the Brexit referendum, he said CA pitched to Leave.EU, before it lost out on becoming the officially designated Leave campaign, but its bids to them, and to other referendum campaigns, were unsuccessful.
He said an independent investigation into the company, being carried out by a senior lawyer, was close to conclusion.
Kogan, who teaches at Cambridge University, told a British parliamentary committee Tuesday that criticism of his work by Facebook showed the US social media giant was in “PR crisis mode”.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The Guardian Nigeria Newspaper – Nigeria and World News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
NEW YORK — U.S. authorities said a 19-year-old Canadian pleaded guilty to terrorism-related charges in connection with what they call an ISIL-inspired plot to target landmarks in New York City more than a year ago, including Times Square and the city's subway system.
The U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York says the Canadian, identified as Abdulrahman El Bahnasawy, of Mississauga, Ont., has been in custody since the FBI arrested him in New Jersey in May 2016.
The arrests were first announced Friday following a court's unsealing of federal terrorism charges against the three men.
The other two accused are identified as Talha Haroon, a 19-year-old U.S. citizen residing in Pakistan, and Russell Salic, 37, from the Philippines.
U.S. authorities allege the three men communicated through Internet messaging applications, allegedly plotting to carry out bombing and shootings in heavily populated areas of New York City during the Islamic holy month of Ramadan in 2016.
These Americans need an attack
They also allege that while in Canada, El Bahnasawy purchased bomb-making materials and helped secure a cabin within driving distance of New York City to use for building the explosive devices and staging the attacks.
El Bahnasawy and Haroon began communicating with an undercover FBI agent posing as an ISIL supporter, and declared their allegiance to the terror group.
The release says El Bahnasawy stated to the agent that “These Americans need an attack” and that he aspired to “create the next 9/11” with plans to come to New York from Canada.
The statement also says he sent the agent a photo of Times Square, saying, “We seriously need a car bomb at times square. Look at these crowds of people!”
The RCMP issued a statement saying it collaborated with the FBI in the investigation that led to El Bahnasawy's arrest.
The statement also says that at no time was the safety or security of the public at risk.
“This investigation is a good example of how law enforcement must continually work together to rapidly to gather evidence, irrespective of where that evidence may be found, to interdict those who would commit terrorist atrocities,” it says.
The charges against El Bahnasawy include conspiracy to use weapons of mass destruction and conspiracy to commit acts of terrorism transcending national boundaries, both which carry a maximum penalty of life in prison.
El Bahnasawy is scheduled to be sentenced on Dec. 12, 2017.
American justice officials said extradition proceedings are ongoing in Pakistan and the Philippines to bring the other two suspects to the U.S. to face the charges.
When we spoke to JAYARSON about his newestate video, “Vibin” he gave us a detailed look into his work schedule. Houston, to Atlanta, back to New Orleans, shooting videos, and promoting new music. There's no secret right now that JAYARSON has dedicated 2017 to being his breakout year, and he's taking all steps necessary to making that happen.
He told us of 3, or 4 more drops that he's plotting on as we speak. When it comes to “Vibin” that's what JAYARSON provided, a vibe. If you're a nostalgic rap fan, and you still seek out authentic street style stories, JAYARSON is your guy, and ‘Vibin” is the record/video for you.
“Vibin” takes us on a trip through what seems like an ordinary day for JAYARSON. That's the gold that is the life, and career of him. Although his life seems like a movie through his cinematic visuals, it's a believable movie, and one that's inviting to fans of the culture.
You can check out “Vibin” below, and stay tuned for more JAYARSON real soon.
BAKU, Azerbaijan — The mayor of Azerbaijan's second-largest city has been shot and wounded in an attack that also wounded his bodyguard.
The Interior Ministry said Elmar Veliyev, the mayor of Ganja, was attacked outside his office late Tuesday. It said in Wednesday's statement that the gunman was arrested by police. His motives weren't immediately clear.
Veliyev and his bodyguard have been hospitalized with gunshot wounds and are in stable condition.
Authorities said that President Ilham Aliyev has taken personal control of the investigation.
Ganja, a city of 330,000, is located in western Azerbaijan.
The Twelfth Doctor talks about how the show's “very powerful death motif” is one of its “most potent mysteries”
Peter Capaldi has spoken about why death is such an important motif in Doctor Who.
Advertisement
The Twelfth Doctor has appeared throughout director James Cameron's Story of Science Fiction (which has just finished airing on AMC) to reflect on the genre and, in particular, his time on the BBC1 sci-fi drama.
In the sixth episode of the series, Capaldi discussed the fact that Doctor Who has been such a long-lasting series because of the ingenious idea of the Time Lord regenerating and the lead actor being replaced every few years.
“It has all these other levels of philosophical and reflective nature that make it very, very rich,” he said.
“People always ask me what is it about the show that appeals so broadly. The answer I would like to give – and which I'm discouraged from giving because it is not useful in the promotion of a brand – is that it's about death.
“And it has a very, very powerful death motif in it which is that the central character dies. I think that is one of its most potent mysteries because somewhere in that people see that that's what happens in life.
“You have loved ones and then they go, but you must carry on.”
Advertisement
We couldn't have said it better ourselves, Doctor.
ARSENAL, LEICESTER GO HEAD-TO-HEAD FOR ETEBO
arsenal and Leicester City could go head-to-head for talented Super Eagles forward Oghenekaro Etebo during this January transfer window after the Premier League duo reportedly sent scouts to watch the Nigerian international in action during Feirense's 1-1 draw with FC Porto. Etebo grabbed the headlines in Rio during the summer Olympics when he became the […]
The post ARSENAL, LEICESTER GO HEAD-TO-HEAD FOR ETEBO appeared first on Nigerian Pilot: Nigerian Newspaper.
This post was syndicated from Nigerian Pilot: Nigerian Newspaper. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
A Marion County man accused of murdering his cousin and possessing more than 600 images of child pornography appeared in court Monday.
In September 2014, James Cobb got into a fight with his cousin, Paul Wilson, Jr., and put him in a chokehold, which killed him, according to court documents. While Cobb was in jail on the murder charge, authorities monitored Cobb's calls and heard him tell someone to get the computer out of his room because there were "some things on there that need to be cleaned up before anyone sees them," according to the Marion County Sheriff's Department.
On September 16, 2014, a search warrant was executed at Cobb's house, and authorities retrieved the computer. After sending the computer to the West Virginia State Police Lab's Internet Crimes Against Children Unit, they found more than 600 images of child pornography, including children from approximately 1 to 17 years old, deputies said.
Cobb spoke on his own behalf several times during a motion hearing Monday afternoon in front of Judge David Janes.
Cobb's attorneys filed a motion to suppress evidence regarding the child pornography charges, saying the charges are separate, and that the computer search performed was unconstitutional.
Judge Janes plans to listen to the recorded phone calls before making a decision on the motion to suppress the evidence from Cobb's computer.
The state also said Monday that Cobb's cellmate from jail will testify that Cobb has admitted to killing Wilson.
Mater Dei's Sam VanDorpe wins the 800 meter dash during the CIF-SS Track and Field Masters meet at El Camino College in Torrance, Calif., on Saturday, May 26, 2018. (Photo by Keith Birmingham, Pasadena Star-News/SCNG)
Mater Dei's Sam VanDorpe wins the boys 800-meter run during the CIF Southern Section track and field Master Meet at El Camino College in Torrance, Calif., on Saturday, May 26, 2018. (Photo by Libby Cline Birmingham)
Sound The gallery will resume in seconds
Mater Dei's Sam VanDorpe wins the 800 meter dash during the CIF-SS Track and Field Masters meet at El Camino College in Torrance, Calif., on Saturday, May 26, 2018. (Photo by Keith Birmingham, Pasadena Star-News/SCNG)
Mater Dei's Sam VanDorpe is the CIF-Ss Division 2 champion in the 800 meters. (Photo courtesy of Mater Dei track)
Mater Dei's Sam VanDorpe wins the 800 meter dash during the CIF-SS Track and Field Masters meet at El Camino College in Torrance, Calif., on Saturday, May 26, 2018. (Photo by Keith Birmingham, Pasadena Star-News/SCNG)
Sam VanDorpe set a series of goals at the start of the track and field season.
Two of the goals were to win CIF-Southern Section Division 2 and CIF-SS Masters meet titles in the 800 meters.
Another was setting a school record in the 800.
VanDorpe, a senior and four-year member of the track team, has already accomplished all three, and his time of 1-minute, 51.44-seconds at Masters this past weekend is the fastest time in the state this season.
He has two goals remaining: running a 1:50 and running a sub 1:50.
VanDorpe will get his chance to hit those marks at the CIF Track & Field Championships this weekend at Buchanan High in Clovis.
The prelims are Friday and the finals on Saturday.
“I'm just going to go out and race and see how fast I can go,” said VanDorpe, who has won five 800s in a row, going back to the Trinity League Prelims on April 26. “I'm just going to run my race.”
VanDorpe has lowered his times in every race during the winning streak.
“This year, it has a lot to do with a greater sense of confidence,” Monarchs track coach Rick Martinez said of VanDorpe' s success. “He has always been a hard-working individual and competitive kid.”
While VanDorpe runs to his strength and is typically a fast closer, he tries not to have a strategy set in stone when he approaches the starting line.
“I just see how the race is forming,” VanDorpe said. “If you have a cemented plan that is based on splits, and it doesn't work out, then your mind starts going weird. It's better to have more abstract in your race strategy.”
VanDorpe is taking the same approach to the state meet, where the 800 field includes the UCLA-bound Jett Charvet of Heritage High in the Contra Costa County city of Brentwood. Charvet has the state's second-best time this season (1:51.69).
Bobby Poynter of California High of San Ramon, who finished second to Charvet in the NCS Meet of Champions Final, will also be a factor.
“It's my first time at the state meet so I'm kind of just as new as the next guy,” said VanDorpe, who has a 4.5 GPA and will begin attending USC in the fall. “Guys are going to be really good. I'm going to see how the race plays out. I know that my legs are ready to hang with them.”
LOS ANGELES — Walker Buehler, the Dodgers' prized pitching prospect, has been optioned to Single-A Rancho Cucamonga, although the right-hander could be back in the majors this weekend.
Buehler made his first big league start on Monday night against Miami. The 23-year-old allowed four hits over five scoreless innings and struck out five, but didn't factor in the decision in the Dodgers' 2-1 win.
Manager Dave Roberts said the team wanted to keep Buehler in the same time zone and nearby so it would have the option of starting him on Saturday at San Francisco.
In a related move, the Dodgers selected the contract of right-hander Daniel Hudson from Triple-A Oklahoma City, bringing the big-league roster to 40.
Hudson spent last season with the Pirates, making a career-high 71 appearances. He was 2-7 with a 4.38 ERA. He signed a minor league deal with the Dodgers on March 30. Hudson has yet to allow a hit in 4 2/3 innings in five relief appearances with Oklahoma City.
——
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tags/MLBbaseball
OMNISPORT
Atletico Madrid midfielder Saul Niguez has outlined the lengths to which he struggled for two years with a kidney problem – saying he "p***ed blood" in every game and training session.
The 22-year-old midfielder is set to line up when Atletico bid to reach a third Champions League semi-final in four seasons on Tuesday, when they defend a 1-0 lead at Leicester City.
Saul memorably scored a remarkable solo goal against Bayern Munich in the semi-finals of last season's competition and has established himself as an integral member of Diego Simeone's side, with his coach last month claiming he has the ability to be counted among the best midfielders in the world.
However, his progress has come amid severe health struggles, which began after he took an accidental kick to the stomach from Bayer Leverkusen defender Kyriakos Papadopoulos during a 2015 Champions League match.
He was hospitalised with kidney trauma and internal bleeding and was ruled out of action for almost six weeks, but revealed in an interview with Antena 3 that he subsequently played with a catheter to empty his bladder.
"For two years I was playing with a catheter inside," said Saul, who scored in Atleti's last-16 victory over Leverkusen this time around.
Sensacional partido en equipo, para un resultado muy positivo para la vuelta. 👏🏻 #GoAtleti @atleticodemadrid A post shared by Saul Ñiguez Esclapez (@saulniguez) on Jan 19, 2017 at 12:23pm PST
"In every training session and every game I p***ed blood. It was pretty bad, something difficult that people do not know or understand.
"I was risking my health to put on the club colours, to chase the dream.
"I remember everything about the injury - how I felt, how many times I vomited, being on the stretcher.
"Scoring the goal back there was a huge liberation and emotion for me. I felt like a weight had been lifted off me."
Brighton promoted to English Premier League
Brighton and Hove Albion saw their 34-year wait for a return to the top flight of English football end with promotion to the Premier League on Monday.
Championship leaders Brighton beat Wigan Athletic 2-1 and their promotion was confirmed when Huddersfield could only manage a 1-1 draw at Derby in the day's late kick-off.
Huddersfield had to win to delay Brighton's celebrations but their result left the Seagulls 13 points clear of Reading, now in third place, with only a maximum of nine points available to the Berkshire club from their three remaining league games this season.
Glenn Murray opened the scoring for Brighton eight minutes before half-time in front of their own fans at the Amex Stadium.
England Under-21 international Solly March made it 2-0 for Chris Hughton's men and a goal from Wigan substitute Nick Powell came too late to change the result.
South coast club Brighton are on course to go up as champions, with second-placed Newcastle's 3-1 loss away to Ipswich on Monday leaving the Seagulls seven points clear at the summit.
Brighton have not played in English football's top flight since their relegation from the old First Division in 1983 after a season where they also reached the FA Cup final only to lose to Manchester United in a Wembley replay.
Recent seasons have seen Brighton come agonisingly close to going up, with the Seagulls losing play-off semi-finalists in three of the past four campaigns and denied automatic promotion last term on goal difference alone.
The post Brighton promoted to English Premier League appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
PALM HARBOR, Fla. (WFLA) – Pinellas County detectives said an unlicensed contractor scammed a homeowner in Palm Harbor and they believe there could be more victims.
For the last three months, Antony Loiacano has been fixing up his dream home on Wisconsin Ave.
He needed help putting in new floors and placed an ad on Facebook. Jacob Sheldon responded.
“He basically said no problem, he could do it. Gave me a quote, gave me a price,” said Loiacano.
Loiacano gave Sheldon $400, but got zero results.
“I gave him the money and he worked for about an hour and left,” he said.
Sheldon came back three days later, but not to finish the job. “I let him in and I left and I come back the next day and all the tools are gone and there's no work done, he stole like $500 worth of tools,” said Loiacano.
He called authorities.
Loiacano, a roofer himself, learned his tools had been pawned. “It's definitely frustrating because you can't work without them, can't make money without them,” he said. “Three separate pawn shops. After waiting two weeks, I couldn't use tools, I had to wait for them to find where each pawn shop was and had to buy them all back.”
Detectives say Sheldon is not licensed. “We're encouraging folks to make sure they're licensed and insured, make sure that these folks, that you check them out. That you do your due diligence,” said Corporal Dan DiFrancesco, with Pinellas County Sheriff's Office.
Investigators are looking at other cases they believe Sheldon may be connected too.
“We're investigating at least one more case, possibly two or three,” said DiFrancesco.
Sheldon is charged with grand theft and dealing in stolen property.
STORIES OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON-
BACK TO TOP STORIES
Spain's Gerard Pique kicks the ball during the World Cup Group G qualifying soccer match between Spain and Albania at the Rico Perez stadium in Alicante, Spain, Friday, Oct. 6, 2017. (AP Photo/Alberto Saiz)
MADRID (AP) — Spain easily defeated Albania 3-0 to secure a World Cup berth as outspoken defender Gerard Pique received a mixed reaction from home fans every time he touched the ball on Friday.
Rodrigo, Isco, and Thiago Alcantara scored first-half goals to give Spain an insurmountable five-point lead over Italy with one round to go in Group G of European qualifying.
Italy's chance of winning the group ended with in a 1-1 draw against Macedonia in Turin, a result that secured second place for the Italians.
Israel won at Liechtenstein 1-0 in the other group match.
Spain will be making its 11th consecutive World Cup appearance.
PIQUE'S NIGHT
As expected, many of the nearly 30,000 fans in the crowd in the southeastern city of Alicante booed Pique almost every time he touched the ball. But many applauded the outspoken Barcelona defender, and he even got a standing ovation by some when he was substituted early in the second half.
He also applauded the fans as he left the field, and later part of the crowd chanted his name while he sat in the stands.
Pique has been criticized by Spanish fans for being openly critical of the Spanish government's handling of the independence referendum organized by Catalonia on Sunday, when authorities and voters confronted each other in violent clashes.
Pique, who has long defended the Catalans, was harassed by fans at Spain's training camp in Madrid on Monday, with many calling him to leave the national team. He pledged his commitment to Spain's squad a few days later, and said he hoped Alicante fans would not jeer him because of his stance on the Catalonia issue. He is often booed when Spain plays outside of Catalonia.
Pique will not play on Monday in Israel because of a yellow card suspension.
Spain was in control from the start in Alicante, with Rodrigo opening the scoring in the 16th minute with a left-footed shot from inside the area after a well-placed pass by Isco. Rodrigo controlled the ball with his chest before finding the top corner with a half-volley for his first international goal.
Isco added to the lead four minutes later with a shot into the top of the net for his fifth goal in seven qualifiers, and Thiago Alcantara closed the scoring 10 minutes later with a driving header after a right cross by Alvaro Odriozola, who was making his debut at right back.
Spain was without Andres Iniesta, Dani Carvajal, and Alvaro Morata because of injuries.
HOME DISAPPOINTMENT
Italy secured a playoff spot but was jeered by the home fans after drawing with Macedonia.
Defender Giorgio Chiellini gave Italy the lead shortly before halftime but substitute Aleksandar Trajkovski leveled with 13 minutes remaining.
Italy didn't have a shot on target after Chiellini's goal against a side outside of the top 100 in FIFA's rankings.
Italy reached 20 points from its nine qualifying matches, seven points in front of third-place Albania.
LOSING AGAIN
Defender Eytan Tibi scored his first international goal as Israel gave last-place Liechtenstein its ninth straight loss.
Liechtenstein has been outscored 35 to one in its nine qualifying matches.
It was the fourth win for Israel.
___
More AP World Cup coverage: www.apnews.com/tag/WorldCup
___
Tales Azzoni on Twitter: http://twitter.com/tazzoni
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) - An officer with the Louisville Metro Police Department once praised for his work with the Youth Explorer Program now finds himself in the middle of a storm.
Curtis Flaherty is accused of covering up the alleged sexual abuse of minors by the officers he oversaw.
In his employee file we found letter after letter, some dating back to 1993, commending him for helping with the explorer program.
Fast forward to this past Thursday when hundreds of pages of discovery were released by a judge in the criminal case.
"There were many victims that were sexually abused and the abusers were protected by their supervisors," the victims' Attorney David Yates said. He has filed suit against Flaherty, accusing him of a cover up.
>> PREVIOUS STORY: Explicit messages revealed in 1,000 pages of new evidence filed in LMPD Explorer case
"Information that we brought forward through this and through additional discovery that he knew or should have known and failed to do the right thing," Yates said.
In the newly released documents, the mother of a 17-year-old explorer who'd launched a complaint against officer Kenneth Betts says she and her husband received calls from the head of the explorer program who, she says "encouraged her and her husband to not speak with anyone else about the situation; 'he wanted to keep it under the radar.'"
In other documents, an officer named Ms. Smith states she was asked to investigate the claims made against Betts regarding the 17-year-old by Flaherty, who was also the head of the Public Integrity Unit.
During her interview, Ms. Smith stated in "hind sight, Lieutenant Flaherty probably was not the best person to make any decisions regarding the investigation on this incident, since he was the commander of both the explorer program and PIU."
RELATED STORIES
+ 4th LMPD officer tied to lawsuits against Youth Explorer Program
+ Judge unseals LMPD Explorer sex abuse lawsuit
+ Councilman: Other LMPD Explorer victims have come forward
Flaherty has claimed innocence of any wrongdoing through out the case.
He has not been charged and was never placed on administrative leave or duties by the department after the allegations surfaced.
He recently retired from LMPD after working as an officer for 29 years.
Flaherty's attorney could not be reached for comment.
Copyright 2017 WAVE 3 News. All Rights Reserved.
Fabinho has left little room for doubt that he intends to leave Monaco as the Ligue 1 champions look set to lose another star player.
Bernardo Silva, Benjamin Mendy and Tiemoue Bakayoko have already left, while Kylian Mbappe, Thomas Lemar and Fabinho have also been linked with departures.
For his part, Fabinho - a reported target for Manchester United - has made no secret of his desire to secure a transfer and he reaffirmed that after Monaco's 4-1 win over Dijon.
"I feel good, there is nothing to say about my situation, the club knows my will," said the 23-year-old. "I hope we will continue this way and that Monaco will still be okay."
The principality club's vice-president Vadim Vasilyev said last month that they would not sell Lemar or Fabinho in this transfer window.
He said: "We have kept all of the key players that we intended to keep.
"Fabinho is a must-have player in midfield who was being courted by all the major clubs. I will also address speculation about Lemar: he is staying with us. We have discussed this.
"Both these players have tremendous talent and are essential for our team.
"We must not await further departures, rather arrivals."
Here's what we've been told about passwords:
Make them complicated.
Use numbers, question marks and hash marks.
Change them regularly.
Use different passwords for each app and website.
Of course, these guidelines often leave users frustrated and struggling to remember them all.
Now, the National Institute of Standards and Technology is about the make all of our lives much easier. The organization recently revised its guidelines on creating passwords, and the new advice sharply diverges from previous rules.
"The traditional guidance is actually producing passwords that are easy for bad guys and hard for legitimate users," says Paul Grassi, senior standards and technology adviser at NIST, who led the new revision of guidelines.
The organization suggests keeping passwords simple, long and memorable. Phrases, lowercase letters and typical English words work well, Grassi tells NPR's Audie Cornish. Experts no longer suggest special characters and a mixture of lower and uppercase letters. And passwords never need to expire.
"We focus on the cognitive side of this, which is what tools can users use to remember these things?" Grassi says. "So if you can picture it in your head, and no one else could, that's a good password."
While these rules may seem suspiciously easy, Grassi says these guidelines help users create longer passwords that are harder for hackers to break. And he says the computer security industry in both the public and private sectors has received these new rules positively.
"It works because we are creating longer passwords that cryptographically are harder to break than the shorter ones, even with all those special character requirements," Grassi says. "We are really bad at random passwords, so the longer the better."
Previously, security experts recommended the use of password manager apps to ensure users' accounts were protected. Grassi says these apps are useful because they completely randomize the password, but he says they aren't necessary to maintain security.
Grassi stands by these new guidelines because he says previous tips for passwords impacted users negatively and did not do much to boost security. When users change their passwords every 90 days, they often aren't dramatically changing the password, Grassi says.
"I'm pretty sure you're not changing your entire password; you're shifting one character," he says. "Everyone does that, and the bad guys know that."
All The Pictures As Oscar Finally Arrives China To A Warm Reception
Former Chelsea midfielder Oscar has touched down to a warm welcome in China after making the £60m switch to Shanghai SIPG.
Oscar was greeted by hundreds of excited fans at Pudong airport on Monday as they were eager to catch their first glimpse of him
Oscar is set to earn £400,000 a week in Asia, and the 25-year-old was all smiles as he received flowers and met supporters at Shanghai's Pudong Airport
The post All The Pictures As Oscar Finally Arrives China To A Warm Reception appeared first on 360Nobs.com.
This post was syndicated from 360Nobs.com. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
North Korea will continue to test missiles despite the growing tensions between the U.S. and its allies and Pyongyang, a senior North Korea official said Monday.
“We'll be conducting more missile tests on a weekly, monthly and yearly basis,” Vice Foreign Minister Han Song Ryol told BBC, adding that “all-out war” would occur if the U.S. took military action.
Han reiterated North Korea's position that it would react with a “nuclear pre-emptive strike by our own style and method” should the U.S. plan a military attack on the country.
Tensions have escalated over North Korean moves to accelerate its weapons development. The North conducted two nuclear tests and 24 ballistic missile tests last year, defying six Security Council sanctions resolutions banning any testing, and it has conducted additional missile tests this year including one this past weekend that failed.
North Korea's deputy U.N. ambassador Kim In Ryong said during a news conference that the U.S. was turning the Korean Peninsula into “the world's biggest hotspot” and creating “a dangerous distuation in which a thermonuclear war may break out at any moment.”
He said the Trump administration's deployment of the Carl Vinson nuclear carrier task group to waters off the Korean Peninsula again “proves the U.S. reckless moves for invading the DPRK have reached a serious phase of its scenario.”
Kim stressed that U.S.-South Korean military exercises being staged now are the largest-ever “aggressive war drill” aimed at his country, formally the Democratic People's Republic of Korea.
“The prevailing grave situation proves once again that the DPRK was entirely just when it increased in every way its military capabilities for self-defense and pre-emptive attack with a nuclear force as a pivot,” he said.
Kim spoke on the day Vice President Pence kicked off his 10-day Asian tour in South Korea. Pence travelled to the demilitarized zone separating the North and South and warned Pyongyang that after years of testing the U.S. and South Korea with nuclear ambitions, “the era of strategic patients is over.”
Pence, on Tuesday, reassured Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe that the U.S. is ready to work closely with its Asian allies in the region to achieve “a peaceable resolution and the denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula.”
“We appreciate the challenging times in which the people of Japan live with increasing provocations from across the Sea of Japan,” Pence said. “We are with you 100 percent.”
At the outset of their meeting, Pence reiterated to Abe his statement in South Korea that the United States has run out of patience with Pyongyang's moves.
“While all options are on the table,” Pence said, “President Trump is determined to work closely with Japan, with South Korea, with all our allies in the region, and with China” to resolve the problem.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Click for more from BBC.
By JOSE M. ROMEROAssociated Press
GLENDALE, Ariz. (AP) - Asked about players who did not stand for the national anthem before preseason games, NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell said Monday that while the playing of the anthem is a special moment to him, "we also have to understand the other side."
Goodell made the comments at University of Phoenix Stadium during a 45-minute question-and-answer period with Arizona Cardinals club seat holders. One season ticket-holder, Bruce Olson, asked the commissioner whether players were going to continue to protest during the anthem and if anything could be done about it.
"It's one of those things where I think we have to understand that there are people that have different viewpoints," Goodell said. "The national anthem is a special moment to me. It's a point of pride. But we also have to understand the other side, that people do have rights and we want to respect those."
Seattle Seahawks defensive end Michael Bennett sat on the visiting bench during the anthem before the preseason opener against the Los Angeles Chargers on Sunday, a decision he made before weekend protests by white supremacists in Charlottesville, Virginia. Bennett has said that the aim of his protest is to make people uncomfortable. In the process, he hopes to spur greater communication, understanding and involvement across racial, gender and socio-economic lines.
Oakland Raiders running back Marshawn Lynch sat on a cooler during the anthem Saturday night on the field at University of Phoenix Stadium. Los Angeles Rams defensive end Robert Quinn raised a first before his team's game.
The fact that former San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick is still looking for a team to play for after his kneel-down protests last season is also still a hot topic.
Goodell, without mentioning any of the players, said other players are taking the platform they have into local communities to create dialogue toward positive change.
"Protest to progress is what I call it, and we all have to recognize that if we want to see change, let's go out and try to make that change happen in a peaceful and important way," Goodell said.
Olson, who described himself as a season-ticket holder "since Day 1," said the commissioner "beat around the bush" on the issue. He said he'd like Goodell to take a tougher stance.
"The thing is, all he (Lynch) has to do is stand up for two minutes and he can still have whatever beliefs he wants. Go with what looks good for the game and to the people," Olson said. "He (Goodell) makes rules and, 'You do this, you do that,' why can't he just say 'You stand up. You can believe what you want or do what you want. Just stand up like a man.'"
Goodell also addressed other issues:
- On starting the season with a major star suspended, as is the case with Cowboys running back Ezekiel Elliott, who is out for six games after the league investigated accusations of domestic violence against him: "You never like to see that happen. That's not something good. Those things are dictated by circumstances. We do everything we can to make sure we're enforcing our policies and holding the standards to the highest level. That's an unfortunate part of that, but that's what you do."
- On the rule change that will allow players more freedom to celebrate big plays: "They (players) were a driving force behind our changes in the celebration rule. They've been very impactful in the way we think about different aspects of our game and our experience in what we need to do."
- On concussions, when a fan asked him about safety for his 10-year-old son: "The most important thing is to get the right facts, and we've put all our facts out there. We want a greater awareness. . The reality is nowadays we're so much smarter about the brain and injuries, and we have so much further to go."
___
More AP NFL: www.pro32.ap.org and www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
SALEM, Mass. (AP) — A Salem, Massachusetts-based organization called The Satanic Temple is accusing Twitter of discriminating against it on religious grounds.
Satanic Temple founder Lucien Greaves filed a complaint in March with the Massachusetts Commission Against Discrimination, saying Twitter wrongly suspended its accounts after someone tweeted a threat to the organization. The Boston Globe reports Twitter has restored the accounts but without the "verified" status Greaves wants.
An attorney for Greaves says the standards used by Twitter to determine its suspensions and verifications of users is colored by its favoritism toward groups that share the social network's views.
Twitter says an account is verified if it's determined to be of public interest.
The Satanic Temple's building is zoned as an art gallery and is open to the public with art installations, lectures and film screenings.
___
Information from: The Boston Globe, http://www.bostonglobe.com
Today heralded the touch rugby segment of a fundraising effort by the people of Te Uri o Hikihiki in Ngāti Wai in support of the rebuild of the Mokau Marae complex after it was gutted by fire.
Marae chair Hepi Haika says they're ecstatic with the turnout, "This gathering is focussed on fundraising in order to secure Government assistance to complete the rebuild of our marae complex."
The event sees the return of family including young sports stars and veterans from the other side of the world in support of the project.
11 year old Marley Leuleuai has already secured a contract with a famous English football club, "I play football, well its called soccer here and I play for Manchester City and I'm loving it there yeah."
Meanwhile his father Kylie continues coaching rugby league in England after a stellar career, "I've been away from New Zealand for twenty years. Played ten years in Australia in the NRL and I've been ten years over in the UK England Super League playing for Leeds Rhinos. I haven't been back as much as I can since being in England it's such a long way away been back about 3 times in ten years. And every time we come back I could easily move back tomorrow it's such a beautiful place."
The festive season fundraising effort began in Whangarei last week with basketball and netball. The marae committee say the infrastructure for the rebuild at a cost of one million dollars has been secured with a total budget of 2.5 million dollars to complete the marae complex.
Clive Stone says, "Our target now is about 500,000 to complete it. We're around about 400,000 so we've got about another hundred thousand to raise and I think after the events that we've just had in the last few days it may push us close to that mark. But we're just so pleased everyone has got in and supported us."
Meanwhile marae chair Hepi Haika was thankful for the support, "I'd like to thank all our relatives for the awesome turnout in support today as you can see. And we can only but thank them all for their continued support today."
CANMORE, Alta. — Canada's Emily Young opened the Para-Nordic World Cup season with a bronze medal on Saturday.
It was the fourth career Para-Nordic World Cup medal for the 26-year-old, who also captured a bronze at last year's IPC world championships.
“The sprints are a hard way to start. It's a long day, but a good way to get everything going,” said Young. “My skiing got better as the day went on. It's only December so for the first World Cup race of the season, it was really good.”
Neutral athletes Eakaterina Rumyantseva and Anna Milenina were the first two skiers to cross the finish line in the final.
The Vancouver native clocked the third-fastest qualifying time at the Canmore Nordic Centre in the classic-sprit race, earning one of 12 spots in the women's standing division heats.
Young advanced to the final with two fellow Canadians — rookie Natalie Wilkie and Brittany Hudak — after winning her semifinal heat.
Focused on earning a spot on the Canadian squad for the first time at the Paralympics in three month's time, Young charged after Rumyantseva, while leading the pace in the chase pack. Wilkie caught Young on the steep climb out of the stadium, but the Canadian fended off the attack with a strong finishing kick to top her two teammates.
“In the final, my goal was to hold my technique, keep skiing, and do the best I can,” said Young. “Three Canadians in the final made it so much better.”
Wilkie, of Salmon Arm, B.C., came away with a fourth-place finish in her first World Cup race. Hudak, of Prince Albert, Sask., skied into fifth spot.
“I'm pretty happy with the race day overall. I felt better in the finals and semifinals than I did in the qualifier. I had a few more nerves in the qualifier, and didn't have the technique set down,” said Hudak. “I tried to relax a little more in the semis, and think about power and glide.”
The IPC World Cup continues on Sunday with the cross-country skate-skiing middle distance races.
Twin brothers who are Gonzales firefighters will appear in the next season of the CBS reality show "The Amazing Race," CBS announced Monday.
Daniel and Eric Guiffreda, 33, have both been with the Gonzales, LA Fire Department for eight years.
Eric said he lives in Prairieville and Daniel lives in Gonzales, but they are originally from Ponchatoula. He also said both of them served in the Marines and have deployed to Iraq. He added his brother is actually going back into the military as an Air Force chaplain.
Eric said his family has watched the show for years and his wife is the one who encouraged them to send in a submission. He added they did, but did not get a call back until 14 months later.
Although he could not reveal much about the locations where the show was filmed or what happens, he was able to give a few comments.
"I'm excited for everybody to be able to see the different places we experienced,” Eric Guiffreda said. "I wish everyone could do it at least once. It's unique to see the world and not worry about anything."
He said he and his brother competed against world champion skiers, NBA players, and competitive eater, Joey Chestnut.
"We competed against some really good people. We're all really good friends," Eric added.
He also said he and his brother were able to bring some Louisiana flair to the show.
"They picked on the way we talk a lot," Eric said jokingly.
He said being first responders helped them manage the stress of the competition and not sleeping was anything new.
"We got lost, but we thought clearly while we were lost and didn't panic," he stated while laughing.
"We want to win, but we were okay if we didn't. We wanted to enjoy the experience and not be so caught up in it that we didn't enjoy it," he explained.
THE AMAZING RACE sends 11 teams on a trek around the world. Each team is comprised of two people. At every destination, each team competes in a series of challenges before learning about their next destination. Teams who are the farthest behind are gradually eliminated as the contest progresses, with the first team to arrive at the final destination winning a $1 million prize.
The show premieres on WAFB and CBS on January 3 for its 30th season. Teams will begin their adventure in Washington Square Park in New York City and immediately travel to their first destination in Iceland.
Copyright 2017 WAFB. All rights reserved.
Every war bears a human face, and last August the face of Syria's war became that of Omran Daqneesh – bloody cheeks, covered in debris, eyes wide with shock and his tiny slumped frame in an orange ambulance seat. It's an image that woke up the world. At just 5 years old, Omran became the symbol for civilian suffering in a war older than he is.
The young boy had just been rescued from the rubble, alongside his parents and three siblings, and was being taken to a hospital following an airstrike on his then-rebel-held neighborhood of Qaterji in Aleppo. An hour later that building collapsed. Three days later, his 10-year-old brother Ali died when a bomb struck the street he was playing in.
Today, the Bashar Assad regime has his family under lock and key, according to photojournalist and opposition activist Mahmoud Raslan, who snapped that haunting portrait of Omran.
“I lost contact with the family of Omran when we were forced out of Aleppo last year. The Assad militia had arrived and his family was guarded under house arrest where they could not be reached by the Western media,” the 29-year-old photographer – who gave up his profession as a pastry chef to document the conflict that started in early 2011 – told Fox News. “Their residence was changed and they were put under security.”
Raslan, whose claims could not be independently verified, said that his last communication with a relative of the family was in February and that this relative affirmed the family remained under house arrest. Raslan said he has not been able to reach that relative in recent weeks. The media appears not to have documented Omran's whereabouts since the ensuing days after the attack. In December, the Financial Times reported that his whereabouts was unknown.
The photographer explained simply that the Syrian president's regime does not want the family speaking out. When asked to respond to the photograph weeks later during an interview with Swiss media, President Assad asserted that it was a “forged picture and not a real one.” However, an interview with Russia Today, his wife Asma acknowledged the little boy by name and questioned why children in the Alawite village of Zara, which was assaulted by Al-Qaeda linked groups last May, were not afforded the same media attention.
Nonetheless, the sudden attention on the now iconic photograph last year also fast became fodder for theories that the anti-Assad photographer himself fraternized with terrorist factions. But Raslan, who vows that all he wants is freedom from regime oppression, takes such speculation – as well as the phony photo narrative – with a grain of salt.
“The whole world saw Omran and learned about him and his tragedy, which is not false. I am fully prepared to sit in front of Bashar Assad and call out his lies,” he said. “I was in there in Aleppo and we were bombarded by air raids. I was there with my lens and I have a full archive of footage.”
Other activists have also captured footage and photographs of the traumatized child in the ambulance that night, including the Aleppo Media Center as featured above.
The viral image of Omran ignited not only an immediate awareness of the dire situation in Syria, but was also a bump in donations for major NGOs operating in the area. Raslan said that the attention devoted to the video and photograph did not change his life and he did not get any prize for it, but it “helped the world to witness the crimes of the government.”
“I think photography sometimes stops Assad a little bit because of the intensity of the international pressure, after the world sees these massacres,” he noted.
LIFE IN WAR-TORN SYRIA: BOMB BLASTS AND NO UTILITIES, BUT COFFINS ARE FREE
SYRIA EVACUATION POSTPONED AFTER BLAST KILLS 80 KIDS
Raslan remembers that night vividly: The razed six-floor building that Omran's family once called home, the bleeding bodies, the chaos and crying as survivors swarmed to medical staff for help. But, he emphasized, Omran's condition was a “unique case” and after shooting some video, he stopped to take some stills.
“Omran was in the ambulance exhausted, very shocked at the fall of the rocket near him. When I capture many of the children, they are crying and screaming,” Raslan recalled. “But Omran was silent, which distinguished him from the rest of children that day.”
And it struck an extra chord close to home.
“When Omran was bombed, I thought of my child who was only four days old,” he continued. “I lived in Aleppo and I suffer what everyone suffers there. After that night, we were forced out of Aleppo and into a bigger disaster. I lost my home, my land, my neighborhood, my neighbors, my everything.”
But that night on the job is just one of many for Raslan to fold into memory as the 6-year civil war drags on, with little end in sight.
“I wished that the picture would have stopped the bombing,” he added. “But still, I want the world to know that there are thousands of Omrans suffering. I want the world to see all the children who are being bombed.”
Hollie McKay has been a FoxNews.com staff reporter since 2007. She has reported extensively from the Middle East on the rise and fall of terrorist groups such as ISIS in Iraq. Follow her on Twitter at @holliesmckay
2019: 5 APC NWC Members Jostle For Guber Seats
By ANDREW ESSIEN,
Five National Working Committee (NWC) members of the Progressives Congress (APC), are eyeing seats of their respective states on the party's platform, investigations have revealed.
The NWC members aspiring to govern their states according to LEADERSHIP investigation include: the party's Deputy National Chairman, Engr. Segun Oni (Ekiti State); National Auditor, Chief George Moghalu (Anambra State); National Publicity Secretary, Mallam Bolaji Abdullahi (Kwara State); National Secretary, Alh. Mai Mala BuniB (Yobe State) and the National Youth Leader, Hon. Ibrahim Dasuki Jalo (Gombe State).
With the exception of Anambra which is currently being governed by the Progressive Grand Alliance (APGA), Ekiti and Gombe states are being governed by the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), while Yobe and Kwara states are in the grips of the APC.
While the governorship elections of Anambra and Ekiti states would hold this year and next year respectively, the three others would hold in 2019.
Recall that Oni who is aspiring to govern Ekiti State next year was governor of the state between 2007 and 2008 on the platform of the PDP before he was removed by court.
Oni was defeated by Dr. Kayode Fayemi, who is now the Minister of Solid Minerals Development. The incumbent, Ayo Fayose, in turn defeated Fayemi.
He is however believed to be a loyalist of the party's national leader, Bola Tinubu.
Also, the National Youth Leader and former President of ALGON, Dasuki Jalo is said to be banking on his father in-law and former governor of Gombe State, Senator Danjuma Goje to govern Gombe State.
Abdulahi, a former minister of Sports in the administration of former President Goodluck Jonathan is in the race for the Kwara State governorship position with two other staunch loyalists of the Senate
President, Dr. Bukola Saraki. They are a two-time member of the House of Representatives, Hon. Zakari Mohammed and the current Speaker of the state House of Assembly, Rt. Hon. Ali Ahmad, who is also a former member of the House of Representatives.
Abdullahi is reportedly in good position to win Saraki's backing, a
key factor in the Kwara governorship election. The Senate President is said to have played a key role in his unanimous nomination by the APC North Central caucus for the position of the party's publicity secretary.
Already, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has announced the dates for the Anambra State governorship election coming up this year and the elections for 2019, while the Commission was yet to announce the Ekiti State governorship election, which would hold next year.
The post 2019: 5 APC NWC Members Jostle For Guber Seats appeared first on leadership.ng.
This post was syndicated from leadership.ng. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Why it matters to you This serves as a reminder that driver safety, and not just rider safety, needs to be prioritized by ridesharing services.
Uber has caught plenty of heat in Brazil, but not over misleading drivers about wages or #DeleteUber. Rather, the ridesharing service has been criticized for not doing enough to address the increasing number of murders and robberies that Uber drivers in the country face, reports Reuters.
What makes Uber relatively more convenient than traditional taxis is the ability for riders to register their credit and debit cards to their profile. Not only does this make transactions more secure, but it allows an easier way to verify passengers and track them down if need be.
More: Uber Flat: Ridesharing service offers rides in NYC for cheap fees
At the end of July 2016, however, Uber allowed riders to pay with cash as a means to increase growth in Brazil. The idea is that, since credit cards are less common in poorer countries, being able to pay for your Uber ride with cash would be the catalyst for increased growth in such regions. So far, that business strategy has worked for Uber, which saw 15 percent growth in its São Paulo operations throughout 2016. The company also saw at least 30 percent of rides in Brazil paid in cash, with reportedly higher rates in poor areas in the country.
However, cash payments might also be the reason for increased assaults against Uber drivers in the country. According to numbers gathered by Reuters, the average number of attacks involving Uber drivers increased from 13 per month from January to July 2016 to 141 per month from August through December of that year. By comparison, assaults involving regular taxi drivers increased by a third during the same period.
Even worse, there have been six confirmed murders of Uber drivers in Brazil since September 2016, with local outlets reporting that over twice as many murders have taken place.
More: Uber offers $1 per driver to resolve labor questions, drivers' attorney agrees
Reuters acknowledges there is a margin of error in these statistics, since the statistics potentially include assaults on passengers. Even so, these are grim, but not entirely surprising, numbers — Brazil features 21 of the 50 most violent cities in the world, according to The Economist.
Uber responded to queries and confirmed that “additional safety measures” are in the works. One such measure involves a rider verification feature that requires riders who opt for a cash payment to enter their Brazilian national ID number before they can request a ride. Some cities also feature a pilot program that allows a driver to opt out of cash payments.
Let me fully disclose a dark secret right at the beginning. I am a gay man who hates to shop. Hate it. Amazon was created for me and I have been a faithful PRIME member for years. In addition, the company has spectacular LGBTQ policies for its employees. Amazon has been a faithful companion in many battles including the fight for marriage equality.
This is a remarkable record, but no one ever gets a pass when it comes to civil rights. Equality isn't a one-time issue but a way of life. Amazon needs to reaffirm its commitment to the company's employees and to the ideas of this nation.
Over the last months we have been treated to the great Amazon search for a second main operations center outside Seattle. Cities have responded with a wave of incentives to land this plum which will create over 50,000 jobs. However, it isn't just the cities that would benefit, but the states as well.
Most of the cities that are finalists have from fair to spectacular legislation protecting their LGBT citizens, but in the states it is a totally different story.
Some of the states — such as Texas, Georgia, Florida, Tennessee, Indiana and North Carolina — have at times been nightmares for their LGBTQ citizens.
Not only do they lack any legislation protecting Amazon's LGBTQ employees, but a few have implemented hateful measures like the odious “religious liberty” laws sanctioning anti-LGBTQ discrimination or horrific anti-transgender laws. Others states, like Pennsylvania, Virginia and Ohio, are making progress but have no statewide statutes that safeguard our rights as Americans.
As a gay man, I wouldn't want to live or work in a state where I constantly had to battle for my freedom or repel constant attacks from conservative nut cases. We have enough on our plates as we stand up against the progress-repealing, court-packing, fundamentalist-catering excesses of President Trump. The last thing any of us need is to have to live in a state where we would be under assault by Republican right-wingers and the alt-right threatening family, children, homes and literally our lives.
Amazon must ‘walk the walk', and ‘talk the talk.' These are the times when the choices you make show whether you are a fair weather friend or a truly outstanding example of morality in corporate America.
Quite honestly there is no excuse for a decision that subverts the quality of life of your employees and no excuse either for just promising to do your best to change bigoted laws. Amazon can do that from Seattle.
Amazon must tell the governors of those states that if they want their jobs they should enact LGBTQ protections without delay. Listen to their reactions and that will reveal what we as LGBTQ citizens experience every day.
What a message it will send if Amazon tells states that mandate or tolerate discrimination and target LGBTQ people that they not only lose jobs for their citizens but the respect of corporate America.
In these very difficult times for our community when most of us are really afraid of what is happening in Washington, how wonderful it would be to see Amazon standing firm to its principles and standing strongly with us. That would indeed be welcome news and a very powerful signal in a time where there is so little good news to celebrate.
It is not a difficult choice. Do what is right. Take the moral road. Lead the way!
easyseek does not belong to any Nations, yet.
About Florida SEO Consultant Articles: 0 Seeds: 3425 Comments: 0 Since: Mar 2016
After thrilling more than 8 million people worldwide, CORTEO will visit Chattanooga at the McKenzie Arena for a limited run of six performances, from May 10 to 13, 2018.
This unique production directed by Daniele Finzi Pasca premiered in Montreal in April 2005 and has visited 64 cities in 19 countries.
CORTEO, which means cortege in Italian, is a joyous procession, a festive parade imagined by a clown. The show brings together the passion of the actor with the grace and power of the acrobat to plunge the audience into a theatrical world of fun, comedy and spontaneity situated in a mysterious space between heaven and earth.
The clown pictures his own funeral taking place in a carnival atmosphere, watched over by quietly caring angels. Juxtaposing the large with the small, the ridiculous with the tragic and the magic of perfection with the charm of imperfection, the show highlights the strength and fragility of the clown, as well as his wisdom and kindness, to illustrate the portion of humanity that is within each of us. The music turns lyrical and playful carrying CORTEO through a timeless celebration in which illusion teases reality.
The cast of CORTEO includes 51 acrobats, musicians, singers and actors from all around the world.
PENTICTON, B.C. — Team Wild Card, Manitoba and Nova Scotia are all 8-2 heading into the final playoff championship match at the Scotties Tournament of Hearts.
Wild Card entry Kerri Einarson maintains top spot following an 8-5 loss to Team Canada's Michelle Englot in Friday afternoon's draw at the South Okanagan Events Centre.
Einarson's last rock came up light as they tried to get it to park on the button. That gave Team Canada (6-4) a deuce.
“Yeah, it's a little frustrating, but we came out not as sharp as we had been,” said Einarson, whose team is from East St. Paul, Man. “We just got to pick it up for the next game (Alberta).”
Einarson and her team of third Selena Kaatz, second LIz Fyfe and lead Kristin MacCuish, will block out the loss adding they need to push forward and keep that first spot.
“We need to come out tonight and play better,” she said.
Englot's team kept themselves in the mix playing what she said was a solid match in a tough game. Einarson's team had been playing well and Englot knew they had to play well to beat the Wild Card team. Englot credited getting rocks in better position most of the game.
“Almost let it slip away at the end, but finished it off,” said Englot. “One more and hopefully we get some help.
“We want to take care of ourselves. A 7-4 record is respectable. We want to come out and play strong tonight.”
A steal of one for a 6-2 lead saw Manitoba's Jennifer Jones (8-2) shake hands with Alberta's Casey Scheidegger (7-3) earlier than expected in eight ends.
“I was a little bit surprised, but in a way both teams have a big game tonight so it's nice to have a little bit more of a break and maybe that's what they were thinking,” said Jones, who has Shannon Birchard as a third — filling in for Kaitlyn Lawes playing mixed doubles in the upcoming Winter Olympics — second Jill Officer and lead Dawn McEwen on her team.
Jones had a 3-1 lead after four ends. Alberta scored one more point in the fifth end, then Manitoba rattled off three straight points.
In other playoff action, Nova Scotia's Mary-Anne Arsenault (8-2) scored a triple in the eighth end to put a dagger into B.C.'s Kesa Van Osch (4-6), 10-4.
Arsenault said she can't complain as everyone on her team is playing well and they secured a spot into the Page playoff.
“We seemed to have a bit of a lull in the middle ends where we didn't get our rocks perfectly placed, but luckily the other team wasn't able to take advantage of our error,” said Arsenault, who plays with Christina Black (third), Jennifer Baxter (second) and lead Jennifer Crouse.
Nova Scotia doesn't plan to change how it plays and would like to continue getting early leads they can defend.
“It would be sweet if we could do that again,” said Arsenault, who has received words of advice from former teammates.
Arsenault recently said one of the things she learned while playing for Colleen Jones, a six-time Scotties champ, is that patience is a “huge thing.”
“She had the patience,” said Arsenault, who won five Scotties with Jones. “No panicking. Just be patient. Be strong in the eighth, ninth and 10th. As long as the game is close and you play well in the eighth, ninth and 10th, you're probably going to win.”
The top four teams advance to the Page playoff on Saturday. Semifinal and final action is on Sunday.
From an Aurora, Colorado movie theater to Sunday's massacre on the Las Vegas Strip, mass shooters have amassed their arsenals by exploiting limited weapons laws.
From an Aurora, Colorado movie theater to Sunday's massacre on the Las Vegas Strip, mass shooters have amassed their arsenals by exploiting limited weapons laws.
The comments from lawmakers marked a surprising departure from GOP lawmakers' general antipathy to gun regulations of any kind
The comments from lawmakers marked a surprising departure from GOP lawmakers' general antipathy to gun regulations of any kind
(AP Photo/J. Scott Applewhite). Former Rep. Gabby Giffords of Arizona who survived an assassination attempt in 2011, flanked by Rep. Mike Thompson, D-Calif., left, and Rep. John Lewis, D-Ga., right, joins House Democrats in a call for action on gun saf...
(AP Photo/Rick Bowmer). In this Oct. 4, 2017, photo, a device called a "bump stock" is attached to a semi-automatic rifle at the Gun Vault store and shooting range in South Jordan, Utah. The National Rifle Association announced its support Ton Oct. 5 f...
(AP Photo/Pablo Martinez Monsivais). In This Oct. 4, 2017, photo, House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy, R-Calif., speaks to members of the media after returning to the White House in Washington with President Donald Trump from a trip to Las Vegas after...
(AP Photo/Patrick Semansky). Speaker of the House Paul Ryan, R-Wis., speaks at a tax reform town hall with employees at the Dixon Valve & Coupling Company factory in Chestertown, Md., Thursday, Oct. 5, 2017. The National Rifle Association joined th...
By SADIE GURMAN and ERICA WERNERAssociated Press
WASHINGTON (AP) - The U.S. Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives could reconsider the lawfulness of "bump stock" devices like the ones used by the Las Vegas gunman only if Congress amends existing gun laws or passes new legislation banning the accessories that allow semi-automatic rifles to mimic machine guns.
The agency, in describing its processes generally on Friday, indicated that Congress, already preparing for next year's mid-term elections, will be responsible for decisions about regulating or banning the devices. The National Rifle Association and some lawmakers had been encouraging the firearms agency to re-examine its judgment in 2010 that the devices were legal and not regulated under U.S. firearms laws. Such a move could have removed some of the political liabilities involved with asking lawmakers to impose new gun controls.
But neither the design of the bump stock nor gun laws have changed since ATF issued its original finding, making it legally problematic and politically untenable for the agency to reverse course.
And it was not immediately clear whether President Donald Trump or Attorney General Jeff Sessions, who oversees the firearms agency, could order it to re-evaluate its 2010 judgment about bump stock devices.
The accessories fit over the stock and grip of a semi-automatic rifle and allow the weapon to fire continuously, some 400 to 800 rounds in a single minute. Bump stocks were found among the gunman's weapons and explain why victims in Las Vegas heard what sounded like automatic-weapons fire as the shooter rained bullets from a casino high-rise, slaughtering 58 people in a concert below and wounding hundreds more.
Sudden endorsements of controls came almost simultaneously from the NRA and the White House.
The NRA, which famously opposes virtually any hint of new restrictions called on ATF "to immediately review whether these devices comply with federal law. The NRA believes that devices designed to allow semi-automatic rifles to function like fully automatic rifles should be subject to additional regulations."
Moments after, at the White House, press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders praised the announcement. House Speaker Paul Ryan added his support, as have other top Republicans.
But even with the unusual concession, it is extremely rare that the ATF would reconsider its previous evaluations unless federal law changes. That could be seen as an admission that its earlier evaluation was legally flawed.
The ATF provides the guidance when a manufacturer asks the agency to evaluate a firearm or accessory to determine if it can be sold or if its sale is restricted by either the Gun Control Act or the National Firearms Act.
Changes to existing law or new laws can prompt the agency to reclassify an item, as can alterations to the device or weapon.
The ATF stressed that its classification is specific to each item submitted. And it is based on the most current laws on the books at the time, as well as on a physical examination of the item.
The nation's largest gun lobby and most Republicans have stood firmly in recent years against stricter gun regulations, even as one mass shooting after another horrified the nation. Even gunfire that left House Majority Whip Steve Scalise near death at a baseball practice earlier this year didn't change the equation.
But this time, the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history, combined with the opportunity to back a limited change that could potentially be accomplished administratively, spurred a shift.
The device, which retails for around $200, is not known among gun dealers as an item that is hugely popular. It causes the gun to buck back and forth, repeatedly "bumping" the trigger against the shooter's finger. Technically, that means the finger is pulling the trigger for each round fired, keeping the weapon a legal semi-automatic. Because it creates a significant rocking motion it also means that the gun is "spraying" bullets and it's difficult to hit a target.
___
Associated Press writers Lisa Marie Pane in Atlanta and Sadie Gurman in Washington contributed to this report.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
'); StatBanner('btw', bl); } else { show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); } } } function mailru_ads(data, el) { if(data && data.length > 0) { var ban_location = $(el).attr("ntv-loc"); var bl = parseInt(ban_location); if(bl == 3 && typeof b240_callback !== 'undefined') { try { window[b240_callback](); } catch(e) {} } StatBanner('all', bl); } } (MRGtag = window.MRGtag || []).push({ onNoAds:function(resp) { mailru_noAds(resp); }, onAdsLoaded: function(data, el){ mailru_ads(data, el); }, iframeMode: false }); function StatBanner(type, place) { if (type == 'all') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_showed" }); } if (type == 'noAds') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_mailru_error" }); } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_top" }); try { reachGoal('banner_error_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_ntv_showed" }); } if (type == 'btw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_showed" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_showed'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'nobtw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_error" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_error'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4_ntv" }); } } $(function() { var o = document.createElement('vid' + 'eo'); if(isFInst && (!o || !o.canPlayType || !o.canPlayType('video/mp4; codecs="avc1.640029, mp4a.40.2"'))) { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "html5_media_support" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('html5_media_support'); } catch (e) {} } }); // -->
Klipsch's Heritage series, which encompasses everything from audiophile floor speakers to wireless audio devices, is all about evoking nostalgic joy for the brand's long-standing foothold in the audio lexicon. Perhaps nothing among Klipsch's product line better exemplifies this design philosophy than the striking new Heritage HP-3 over-ear headphones.
Constructed from high-end components like leather, wood, and steel, the HP-3 are an audiophile collectible with a price point ($1,200 MSRP) to match. There's even a custom stand rolled into the package, ensuring these cans will look as gorgeous on the shelf as anything in your collection. But appearances aside, if you're looking for something a little outside the norm, it's the HP-3's striking, lively sound signature that could make them a worthy addition to your listening gear.
Break glass for emergencies
We've opened so many headphones over the years that, eventually, all those magnetically sealed boxes layered in heaps of thick foam start to run together into a blur. But we can honestly say without hesitation that the Heritage HP-3 are the most memorable pair of cans we've ever cracked open. The wooden headphones arrive in a matching wood box, mounted behind glass like a luxury-laden fire axe — in case of sonic emergency, break glass.
Bill Roberson/Digital Trends
A glittering copper seal must be cut before you can slide away a leather-handled top panel, revealing a pair of boxes inside with indented finger holes to pull them free of the wooden case. The HP-3 sit in the front-side box, fastened with rugged leather rivets. Accessories are stored in a back box, including a pair of removable braided cables, as well as a chrome pole and weighted base which snap together into a slick headphone stand. The cables are long at 4.5 feet and 6 feet, and include quarter-inch jacks with plastic inserts, making it appear at first glance that the adapters are permanently attached. Perhaps the only surprising omission here is a carrying case, which we'd like to see at this price point.
Styling cans
It's easy to admire the HP-3 long before you remove them from their fancy case, but pulling the headphones free offers even more to drool over. Layered in rich cowhide and sheepskin along the band and earpads respectively, the cans are a smooth mix of luxury and style, with sterling points of detail to admire like solid wood earcup chambers secured with gleaming copper rivets. The design is reminiscent of other wood-crafted cans like Thinksound's On2, but the presentation here is (obviously) more refined, in accordance with the price. Our pair came in ebony brown, but there are also two lighter wooden color combos, including walnut and oak.
The HP-3 are a smooth mix of luxury and style, with sterling points of detail.
The headphones feel incredibly sturdy in your hands, as does the solid steel stand. The HP-3's acoustic design is semi-open via triple-vented openings on the earcups. Pulling away oversized magnetic pads reveals unique 52mm drivers beneath. Designed more like ear speakers than traditional headphone drivers, the HP-3's free-edge “biodynamic” drivers are set in rubber surrounds and composed of a mix of biocellulose and synthetic fiber for an impressive claimed frequency response of 5Hz to 45kHz.
The drivers' speaker-like design extends to the sound signature, as the HP-3 are built to emulate the sound of Klipsch loudspeakers, meaning (for better or worse, depending on your taste preferences) they've got plenty of color, plenty of power, and never sound dull or flat. With 25-ohm impedance, the headphones are easily driven by your smartphone, though we recommend a quality headphone amplifier to illicit the best performance.
As for comfort, we could have used a bit more cushion on the earcups, but the HP-3 are relatively comfortable and generally well balanced, and we also expect them to break in over time.
Fire up the throttle
As we alluded to above, the HP-3 offer a sound signature bursting with color and character, and for the most part, that's a good thing. Like Klipsch's loudspeakers, the cans are inherently zippy and brassy up top, while the lower register is loaded with power and presence that mostly stays shy of going overboard in the vein of other bass bumpers that have made their way into the audiophile segment, like Bowers & Wilkins' EDM-approved P9 .
Bill Roberson/Digital Trends Bill Roberson/Digital Trends
Bill Roberson/Digital Trends Bill Roberson/Digital Trends
The lively sound signature assures there's never a dull moment with the HP-3, and it's possible that long listening sessions could result in a bit of ear fatigue over time. That being said, there are some gorgeous things happening within those wooden chambers, best expressed on the far sides of the frequency spectrum. Lightning-fast treble response assures heady detail at vocal and instrumental attacks, which also helps lead to brilliant instrumental separation and wide sonic spacing.
Acoustic instruments like guitar and violin tend to have a little extra jangle to the string resonance than you'll get from flatter headphones, and moving back and forth between our more affordable Audeze EL-8 planar magnetic cans made the latter sound almost dull in comparison. That's saying something, as the EL-8 are anything but dull. But the HP-3's fizzy upper register offers more than just lively flavor — it also digs up serious clarity, definition and intense attention to detail. Perhaps our favorite example came when we auditioned Nickel Creek's Reasons Why, which is layered in soft-spoken string clicks and swipes at the end. The HP-3 exposed every pick hit, every string tweak, and every fluttering breath in sterling detail, offering impressive spacing and depth here that we've seldom heard matched.
Gorgeous things happen within those wooden chambers
On the other side of the spectrum, the HP-3's bass response is heady, full, and powerful enough to satisfy today's bass-loving electro-pop addicts, without blowing out the ears of aging studio vets like yours truly. While it's plenty beefy, rarely does the bass overtake the upper registers, and even bass-heavy tunes like Gucci Mane/The Weeknd's Curve are delivered with a clean, authoritative push without distortion or masking in the treble. In fact, the cymbals are so unceasingly rigid and clear here, they may well be our favorite part of the track.
That said, versatility is a major factor when assessing high-end cans, and here the HP-3's flavorful sound loses a few points. With so many frequencies flying around — especially in the upper bass register — the headphones can and do mask other frequencies. The prime example came when we auditioned Ahmad Jamal's songs Back to the Future and Seven and a Half. In the former track, the mix of crashing cymbals and overriding string bass leaves little room for the cacophony of hand drums that rolls around the middle frequencies, resulting in a wanting for detail and definition there. A similar issue is exposed in Seven and a Half, but this time it's more prominent, as an overriding frequency in the upper bass seems to take over — there's simply more resonance here than there should be, resulting in one of the few moments the HP-3 got too heavy down low.
Still, for the most part, the HP-3's excitable sound in the bass and unflinching definition in the upper register won us over. Those looking for a pair of high-definition headphones that bring the party alongside the detail will no doubt want to give the HP-3 a serious look.
Warranty
Klipsch steps up its standard one-year warranty to two years for the Heritage HP-3. You can find out more about Klipsch's warranty process at the company's website by scrolling down to the digital manual.
Klipsch Heritage HP-3 headphones Compared To
Our Take
Klipsch's Heritage HP-3 headphones are an exciting new entry in the growing audiophile segment, offering striking sound, robust build quality, and stylish design rolled into a package that will rekindle those Christmas morning feels for audio nuts.
Is there a better alternative?
The closest competitor in this high-dollar segment would be the aforementioned Bowers & Wilkins P9, which offer heftier bass but similar attention to detail and definition in the upper registers. Both headphones offer a striking alternative to more typical, linear audio devices at their lofty price point, though we prefer the HP-3's more toned-down bass response.
How long will it last?
Built from high-end components for a robust and solid design, we expect the Klipsch HP-3 to last as long as you'd like them to. The cowhide earpads are removable (and therefore replaceable) and, according to Klipsch, are even designed to “distress” gracefully over time.
Should you buy it?
If you love the bulbous bass and sizzle-y treble of Klipsch's best loudspeakers — and you've got some serious padding in your audio budget — you'll fall in love with the Klipsch HP-3.
Court stops Jigawa LG elections
By Aliyu Dangida
DUTSE—Jigawa State chapter of Senator Ahmed Makarfi-led Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, has secured a court order from Federal High Court, Dutse, restraining Jigawa State Independent Electoral Commission, JISIEC, from conducting local government council elections, pending the determination of the motion on notice.
This was contained in a court order secured by the Makarfi faction on Monday, a copy of which was made available to newsmen in Dutse.
The decision came 24 hours after the state government presented flags to the progressives Congress, APC's chairmanship aspirants of the 27 councils and barely two weeks to the conduct of council polls in the state.
Earlier, the Makarfi-led PDP had dragged JISIEC before Federal High Court, Dutse, for fielding candidates in the forthcoming local government council elections.
Also joined in the suite is the National Chairman of PDP, Ali Modu Sheriff; state Chairman of Sherrif's faction, Ibrahim Makama, and Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC.
Counsel to the plaintiffs, Yakubu Ruba, said the case was instituted to stop the state JISIEC from substituting the names of their candidates earlier submitted for the council polls in favour of Sheriff's faction.
The post Court stops Jigawa LG elections appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
China Metalworking Fluid Additives Market 2018 by Key Players, Regions, Type and Application, Forecast to 2023 – HighTech Caller
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Business - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) – After almost a week of denial, Metro Councilman Dan Johnson has apologized. He has promised action after two women accused him of sexual harassment in the workplace.
"I'm glad to see an apology was made," Metro Council President David Yates said.
Johnson released this letter Wednesday reading in part, "I am so sorry you felt I improperly touched you inappropriately on purpose."
It's in response to Councilwoman Jessica Green's claim that Johnson grabbed her rear end and squeezed it prior to a press conference last week.
>> RELATED STORY: Embattled councilman Dan Johnson responds to claims of sexual assault
"If you read that apology there's still an inability to accept that what occurred was wrong and intentional," Jessica Green said during an interview with 840 WHAS Radio.
Green has accepted the apology and was pleased to learn Johnson will be seeking counseling and not re-election.
However, the incident now has left some metro employees feeling unsafe at work. Right now, there are no guidelines for dealing with reports of sexual harassment.
DOWNLOAD OUR APPS
+ News app: Apple | Android
+ Weather app: Apple | Android
"I think we need a further look at what we can do in metro government to make people feel better protected," Yates said.
Yates has created a work group to find the deficiencies and improve them. Councilwoman Angela Leet said Yates knew she'd been working on a plan like this since the fall. Leet appeared to be bothered Yates didn't join the effort.
"One that would make sure we incorporate elected officials and all the employees at city hall into sexual harassment policy," Stephen Haag, minority caucus director, said.
Leet's legislative aid reported that Johnson exposed his bare buttocks in a parking lot last year.
He apologized to her as well. However, in a letter a Leet released Wednesday, she said Johnson, "has a deep issue with respecting the rights of women."
Yates said the work group will come back and convene no later than July 31st and will go through the committee process.
Councilwoman Leet's ordinance should be introduced in the next few days.
Copyright 2017 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
Excel file has been updated with settings for XenApp/XenDesktop 7.14.
If you find any errors or omissions, please send an email to [email protected]
We hope you find the Excel file with all the policy settings and Citrix related ADMX files useful.
You can always find the most current Excel file by going to http://carlwebster.com/where-to-get-copies-of-the-documentation-scripts/
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Popular CBeebies cartoon Bing is coming to cinemas in Croydon.
The children's show, which is based, on the books by Ted Dewan, will be shown on the big screen from Friday (April 27).
The pre-school programme starring the little bunny Bing, his carer Flop and all their friends, will be showing every day at Vue Grants in High Street and Vue Purley Way from then until Monday, May 7.
Tickets are only £3.99 each, or £5.99 for VIP tickets.
Each screening will include seven episodes - Surprise Machine, Acorns, Here I Go, Paddling Pool, Nature Explorer, Woof and Show.
There will also be live action entertainment to keep the kids entertained, including a selection of games and a sing-a-long.
Because “it's a Bing thing”, everyone will get a free pair of Bing ears with each ticket.
Bing is based on the books by Ted Dewan and storis include everyday situations parents and pre-schoolers will be familiar with and shows how he learns to manage them with the help of Flop.
(Image: Vue)
You can find out more and book at www.myvue.com.
Elon Musk is getting a quick introduction to the bare-knuckle world of German labor unions as the country's largest industrial union mulls a strike at Tesla's recently acquired industrial robotics subsidiary.
Continue Reading Below
The labor dispute is over wages for the workforce at Grohmann Engineering, a German manufacturing automation designer that Tesla acquired in a $150 million deal that closed in January.
IG Metall, the country's powerful industrial trade union, could decide later Tuesday to call a strike in an attempt to force Tesla to negotiate a wage deal, a union official said in an interview.
“We don't want to strike,” said Patrick Georg, the IG Metall official responsible for Tesla. “We will only do so if Tesla refuses to agree to a wage contract with us.”
The threat of labor unrest in Germany looms over Tesla as the electric-car company prepares to begin initial production of the Model 3, a $35,000 sedan that holds the promise of giving the automaker a broader appeal beyond its niche luxury market.
Disruptions to Mr. Musk's plans to boost annual production to 500,000 next year from about 84,000 last year could shake investor confidence, which has pushed shares to new heights and lifted Tesla's market value to rival General Motors as the largest U.S. automaker.
Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT
Grohmann, rebranded Tesla Grohmann Automation, is part of Mr. Musk's plans to boost the young automaker's production capabilities for the Model 3 sedan and his vision of creating a highly automated and efficient factory able to quickly adapt production to rising demand that he likes to call “machine that builds the machine.”
Tesla disputes that it pays Grohmann workers 30% below union wages following changes made by the automaker after taking over. It noted an announcement last week that everyone would be granted EUR10,000 worth of Tesla shares that vest over four years. Plus, employees were given a EUR1,000 cash bonuses.
Those changes were described as among the first made by Tesla as it reviews compensation compared to industry standards and the local cost-of-living. The automaker also disputes a surge of union interest among its German employees, saying more than 100 employees have signed a petition against the union.
“We continue to work directly with Tesla Grohmann employees and are prepared in the event there is an action initiated by the union,” Tesla said in a statement. “We don't anticipate any impact on the Model 3 timeline.”
Write to William Boston at william.boston@wsj.com and Tim Higgins at Tim.Higgins@WSJ.com
Google's answer to Amazon's Alexa-enabled Echo last year was the Google Home, a $120 speaker that's powered by the artificially intelligent Google Assistant. The Home family expanded just a month ago when Google announced third-party manufacturers are building Assistant-enabled speakers, but Google itself now has two alternatives to its main offering: The Google Home Mini, and the Google Home Max.
Last year's Google Home is still available for sale, and it's the middle-ground between the new Mini and the Max. We tried out both at Google's October 4 hardware event — let's take a look at the Max.
Big, bold, and all about that bass
As the name suggests the Google Home Max sits at the top tier of the Google Home product line. It's a massive speaker meant to rival Apple's upcoming HomePod, but with Google Assistant integration.
It weighs 11.7 pounds, and it's wrapped in “acoustically transparent” fabric like that on the Mini. It looks elegant and sleek, but we don't think it will blend seamlessly into your home. It's eye-catching thanks to its size.
Juliana Chokkattu/Digital Trends Juliana Chokkattu/Digital Trends
Juliana Chokkattu/Digital Trends Juliana Chokkattu/Digital Trends
For you audiophiles, the Max supports HE-AAC, LC-AAC+, MP3, Vorbis, WAV, FLAC, and Opus audio formats, and you'll find 2.4GHz and 5GHz Wi-Fi for high-performance streaming, and Bluetooth 4.2. There's an auxiliary port on the rear if you want to connect the Max to a record player (believe us, you do), and a USB-C port lets you connect an Ethernet cable via a USB-C to Ethernet dongle. There are two 4.5-inch woofers and two 0.7-inch tweeters. Google said the Max optimizes sound based on the room it's placed in (the company calls this “Smart Sound”), and the Max can hear you across the room even when it's playing.
We tried the latter when the Max was blasting music, and it took two tries. It didn't hear us the first time, but when we practically shouted “Hey Google” when we were standing near us, it picked up the voice trigger and let us command it. We're skeptical how well the Max will pick up voice commands when you're playing music at louder volumes, but we'll have to do more testing.
The sound quality felt crystal clear, with rich bass and detailed highs.
You control sound similar to the Mini — double tap the right or left edges to increase or decrease the volume. Tap the center to play and pause, and press and hold to activate the Assistant (or say “Hey Google). You can slide your finger on the side or top of the device to control sound — depending on whether it's sitting upright or laying flat horizontally. Like the Mini you can perform all the same Assistant functions like controlling your smart home, but this device is meant for blasting tunes.
How does it sound? Impressively loud. The sound quality felt crystal clear, with rich bass and detailed highs. It's even more impressive when you pair one Max with another for stereo audio. You can also pair it with all other Chromecast Audio or Google Home products in case you want to play your music around the house.
Google Home Max Compared To
Even if the sound quality is great, you'll still want to use your preferred music service. Google thankfully has a wide-array of support including Spotify, Google Play Music, YouTube Music, Pandora, TuneIn, and iHeart Radio. Apple Music and Tidal streamers, you're out of luck.
There's currently no way to have the Google Home Max act as a sound bar for your TV. Google told Digital Trends it's a highly requested feature that the company is looking into, but it will take time to overcome some technical challenges such as syncing the audio and video.
The downside of the Max is its price tag. At $400, it's more expensive than the upcoming Apple HomePod, which aims to offer high-quality audio playback and quick access to Siri. Even the recently announced Sony LF-S50G is just $200, and that product builds on the company's heritage and history in the music space. The Google Max isn't as expensive as audio products made for audiophiles, but we'll do more testing to see if it really is worth the cost.
The Google Home Max is expected to release towards the end of the year, but you can join the waitlist on
The fact that a Jew is part of the Jewish people is not enough. He must preserve his unique Jewish identity as an individual.
(Arutz Sheva's North American desk is keeping you updated until the start of Shabbat in New York. The time posted automatically on all Arutz Sheva articles, however, is Israeli time.)
RuPaul made a guest appearance on Jeopardy! last night, challenging contestants with drag-related questions about movies.
Tyler Perry, Nathan Lane and Gene Hackman, Robin Williams, Jack Lemmon and Tony Curtis, and John Travolta, all came up. No doubt most of you will know the answers to these. The Jeopardy! contestants did too.
Watch the clip above.
Jeopardy! host Alex Trebek revealed, at the end of the segment, that he'd be appearing on RuPaul's Drag Race as a guest.
(via nnn)
SAN DIEGO — The legalization of California's marijuana industry and start of Girl Scout cookie sales have created an opportune moment for at least one San Diego girl.
A photo posted on Instagram by Urbn Leaf, a San Diego marijuana dispensary, showed a Girl Scout with an armful of cookies in front of the store.
"Get some Girl Scout Cookies with your GSC today until 4 p.m.! Have a friend that wants to #tagalong? Bring them with - shopping is more fun with friends anyways," the company wrote. "GSC" refers to a marijuana product flavored like Girl Scout Cookies.
The scout's father said his daughter sold more than 300 boxes in about 6 hours.
Girl Scouts San Diego says booth sales do not start for another week, but that scouts are allowed to sell from wagons as long as they have a parent or guardian present.
"So if that's what they say they were doing ... then they were right within the rules," said the Scout's father said.
The controversial move of Girl Scout cookie sales at dispensaries has come with changing times around the country.
Girl Scouts of America Colorado was prompted to issue a statement in 2014 after a scout reportedly sold more than 100 boxes of cookies in two hours outside a San Francisco dispensary.
"If you are wondering, we don't allow our Girl Scouts to sell cookies in front of marijuana shops or liquor stores/bars," the organization's Colorado branch tweeted.
However, Kelly Parisi, chief communications officer from Girl Scouts of the USA, told the LA Times that each region makes "all decisions on how the cookie program is run. As always, our primary concern is the safety and well-being of the girls we serve."
Girl Scouts across the U.S. began selling cookies last month and will continue to until April.
০ = 0, ১ = 1, ২ = 2, ৩ = 3, ৪ = 4, ৫ = 5, ৬ = 6, ৭ = 7, ৮ = 8, ৯ = 9
্ = See example (Hasant/Viram) ় = * (Nukta) ʼ = ' (Urdhacomma) ঽ = & (Avagrah) ৺ = ~ (Isshar) ৹ = a~ (Bengali ana sign) ৲ = Rs~ (Bengali Rupee sign) ৳ = T~ (Taka sign) । = | (Devanagari danda) ॥ = || (Devanagari double danda) ₹ = Rs (Indian Rupee sign) 卐 = +~ (Swastika sign) Zero Width Joiner = ^ Zero Width Non Joiner = ^^
These symbols will type Bengali characters first but if "~" will be followed, it will remove previously typed Bengali character and then type the symbol.
Symbols & ~ * : ^ | ' have special meaning. You can type this way & = &~ ~ = ~~ * = *~ : = :~ ^ = ^~ | = |~ ' = '~
The English symbols [ ] { } ( ) < > - + / = ; . , " ? ! % \ _ $ @ # translate into the same symbols.
Example নমস্কার can be written by typing "namaskaar"
As per Rule # 3, ligature will be rendered. ZWJ and ZWNJ characters are used to produce alternate rendering of ligature.
A consonant followed by ZWJ character will produce half-formed consonant character.
Example
প্রশ্ন = prashn
প্রশ্‍ন = prash^n
A consonant followed by ZWNJ character will produce dead consonant character.
Example
প্রশ্ন = prashn
প্রশ্‌ন = prash^^n
If two english characters are making one Bengali Vowel (i.e. ai, au), then
ZWJ character is used to separate them into two different vowels. It will not
add ZWJ character but only considered as the separator between two
vowels.
It was a thoroughgoing apology from Commonwealth CEO Ian Narev in July 2014. Amidst the turmoil of revelations about the shonks and spivs of Commonwealth Financial Planning, senate committee inquiries and Adele Ferguson routinely exposing more scandals, Narev wanted to apologise to victims of CFP. “I unreservedly apologise to all customers affected. Poor advice provided by some of our advisers between 2003 to 2012 caused financial loss and distress and I am truly sorry for that,” Narev said. And he was at pains to state that this was atypical of the Commonwealth Bank.
“The way in which we have transformed our CFP and FWL businesses over the past three years shows our commitment to ensuring that the best interests of our customers are always our first and foremost consideration. This transformation brings CFP and FWL in line with our other businesses at the Commonwealth Bank.”
Yes, First Dates is coming back on the box. But not as you know it: the dating show is moving from The Paternoster Chop House in London to a romantically-charged boutique hotel in France.
Channel 4 is giving us the chance to see what happens next with the singletons that hit it off, as they can choose to extend their stay in the French countryside.
When can I watch First Dates Hotel on TV?
Channel 4 will be showing the new series on Monday 2nd January at 10pm.
Will Maître D' Fred Siriex be returning?
Yes, the French dating guru and his time will all be moving to the Hotel.
How many episodes will there be?
There will be six episodes in the series.
Plans to construct bike lanes along one block of Peachtree Road in Buckhead—from Maple Drive to Shadowlawn Avenue—have become a fatally flat tire after the appraised cost of right ow way acquisition for the construction project came in at $8 million, much higher than anticipated.
The Buckhead Community Improvement District (BCID) announced plans at its May 24 board meeting to now route the bike lanes down Maple Drive from Peachtree Road to Pharr Road to connect to existing bike lanes on that east-west thoroughfare, according to a report by the Buckhead Reporter newspaper.
The bike lanes were to have been part of the third phase of the BCID's Peachtree Transformation project, which has been in the planning phases for many years and is aimed at making Peachtree Road more accessible for pedestrians. Read more here.
In December 2015, the The Georgia Department of Transportation decided to eliminate bike lanes from its design for improving traffic flow and pedestrian safety along Peachtree Road from Pharr Road south to the bridge over I-85.
Darion Dunn, the director of capital improvements and planning for the BCID, reportedly told Reporter Newspapers a reason for the change was due to the Georgia Department of Transportation eliminating bike lanes that were planned to run on Peachtree Road south of the BCID's planned bike lanes.
The third phase of the BCID's Peachtree Transformation project includes granite curbing and medians, trees, wide sidewalks, street furniture, and dedicated left turn lanes. Other parts of the third phase will move forward.
The Buckhead reporter also noted that Livable Buckhead Executive Director Denise Starling announced at the BCID meeting that bike share stations will be coming to Buckhead at Tower Place and Piedmont Center office developments. Starling does not yet have firm dates for their installation.
The stations are part of the Relay Bike Share program serving Atlanta, Starling said. The program began with 100 bikes in June 2016, and recently expanded to 500 bikes in April. No stations have yet been installed in Buckhead.
–John Schaffner
RYMAN LEAGUE DIVISION ONE NORTH: Bury Town 2 Dereham Town 1
Second-half goals from Ollie Hughes and Tevan Allen saw Bury Town overturn a half-time deficit against Dereham at Ram Meadow this afternoon to make it three wins out of three over the festive period.
Ben Chenery's men moved back into the play-off places with a hard-earned three points that tested their character on a boggy pitch that did not allow them to operate with their aesthetic passing game.
The Blues went into the 1pm kick-off in front of a bumper Bank Holiday crowd of 341 - their biggest of the season so far - having scored 10 goals in their previous two games, following Boxing Day's 4-1 success at Soham Town Rangers and Friday's 6-1 home rout of Wroxham.
The confidence of those back-to-back wins was evident early on against their mid-table cross-border opponents with recent signing Leon Ottley-Gooch and Ollie Hughes both firing efforts off target.
But it was The Magpies, who had also won their last two over the busy Christmas schedule, who broke the deadlock in the seventh minute. Full-back Harley Black was able to plant a ball from deep into the box and striker Joe Gatting was given too much room by Tom Debenham to hit it on the half volley and send it into the bottom left corner.
ON TARGET: Tevan Allen, who went on to head the winning goal against Dereham Town Picture: Mecha Morton
It was a poor goal to concede, much against the run of play, from a Bury perspective, and the hosts almost fell further behind as Daniel Beaumont was able to get behind the defence down the right channel and fired a few yards over the crossbar.
Bury gradually managed to regain their composure on the ball and captain Bradley Barber forced a save from Joshua Glover with a curling effort before Ottley-Gooch made a mess of a Darcy De'ath cross to the far post.
Ottley-Gooch's own enterprising delivery drilled into the far stick almost found the in-rushing Hughes while just after the half-an-hour mark Tom Debenham forced a flying save from Glover with his shot on the turn seeing the 'keeper fly to his right to turn it around the post.
From the corner Bury were celebrating an equaliser after Kryan Clements' header was dropped by Joshua Glove, seemingly over the line, only to see confusion regin at Ram Meadow as the referee ran over to his official before clarifying he was awarding a foul on the goalkeeper. Pictures later showed the ball may have never crossed the line anyway, but the foul looked harsh.
Rhys Logan should have doubled Dereham's advantage after being given time and space to get his foot on Ryan Crisp's centre, but from close range he could only scuff his effort wide of a relieved Neil O'Sullivan's post.
As the half entered added on time a two-footed challenge from Bury captain Barber on former Needham Market striker Crisp, just in front of the away dugout, prompted Dereham's players to rush in before having to be pulled away. But Barber gained the mercy of referee Darin Geary, who did not go with the reaction of the players as he put up a yellow card.
Luke Read sent a looping header over the crossbar at the start of the second half while the referee was soon on the received end of boos from the large home support.
After booking Tevan Allen for a challenge which saw him receive a boot to the chest from Logan, moments later he halted a goalmouth scramble to give Dereham a free-kick when one of their defenders had become stuck on top of the ball with the goalkeeper out of the picture.
But The Blues got back on level terms on the hour mark when Hughes tenacity to chase down what looked a lost cause when Read flicked on Barber's raking pass from his own area, was rewarded as he managed to flick it over the onrushing Glover.
End-to-end action ensured as Read put wide before Dion Fray's half volley sailed into the darkening sky.
But with 20 minutes to play Bury got the all-important third goal when Allen, given too much space to attack Hughes' cross from the left, sent his header beyond Glover.
While Chenery withdrew the hard-working Hughes for top scorer Josh Mayhew, who had been suffering still from a tight hamstring, Dereham brought on their only two substitutes at once in a bid to strike back.
It almost paid off as Lewis Gibson put a low ball into the Bury penalty area, but with Gatting following it in, O'Sullivan was swift off his line to scoop it up.
From a late corner Gatting, under the tight attentions of Debenham, was wayward with a first time shot in what was the last clear sight of goal the visitors had before the final whistle.
While Friday's game showed how Bury can rip a side apart, this home victory will have been just as pleasing for Chenery, as his side displayed the sort of character needed to have a chance of finishing in that top five.
Bury: O'Sullivan, De'ath, Cusack, Ottley-Gooch, Debenham, Clements, Allen, Read, Hughes (Mayhew, 76), Barber (Yaxley, 89), Aitkens. Unused subs: Garrett, Kenndey.
Attendance: 341
* For player ratings, match stats and reaction from manager Ben Chenery and recent signing Leon Ottley-Gooch, don't miss Friday's Bury Free Press print edition.
Our cat Shoo Shoo was lying on the floor minding his own business. I took a tub of catnip and sprinkled some of it on his scratching post. He looked up at me and continued minding his own business. So I sprinkled some catnip on his forehead.
Eventually, he took his front paw and rubbed his head, then licked the catnip from his leg. Soon he was weaving his way in and out of the brush like hoop on his scratching post. He was finding his inner kitten.
My son William was not really impressed. He told me I was mean to make Shoo Shoo eat catnip when all he wanted to do was just hang out on the floor.
He was right of course.
“But catnip is just a harmless plant that makes cats feel good!” would be a logical argument…
Marijuana is a plant that many people consider harmless and makes you feel good too, but we caution our children to avoid it, and we most certainly would never force it on them.
How many of us tell our children to avoid peer pressure, and to stay away from drugs because they are harmful, but openly provide catnip to our feline family members?
Again, the argument comes back that catnip is an herb. It grows naturally. But bear in mind, cocaine comes from the leaves of the coca plant, and opium comes from poppies, as does heroin.
Clearly not all plants with mind altering capabilities are harmless, but still, we tell our children that catnip is OK, and that cats really enjoy it.
That is the same thing your child will hear when they are offered drugs for the first time too…
Think about it!
A prominent Nova Scotia mayor is expected to enter the Progressive Conservative leadership race Saturday, two days after announcing he was gay and someone had been threatening to reveal it.
A spokesperson says Cecil Clarke will “make an announcement” on the provincial run at the North Sydney Firefighters Club Saturday afternoon.
She said the Cape Breton Regional Municipality mayor wasn't giving interviews on Friday.
“As I hope you can understand, Cecil's decision to come out yesterday involved some very personal and difficult details. At this point, he would like to move forward and focus on his future plans,” Leah Batstone wrote in an email.
The 49-year-old politician spoke out about his private life in an interview with CBC Radio on Thursday, saying he didn't want anyone thinking they could shame him or hold something over him.
“I'm not afraid of tough issues or taking a stand as people well know, and I'm not afraid of criticism and constructive criticism about the work I do, because that is part of the parliamentary process. But who I am and how I go about my personal life is no longer up as a punching bag for me politically,” Clarke told CBC Sydney's Mainstreet.
He said someone threatened to expose his personal life, so he decided to announce it himself.
“I am in a very serious relationship and I'm not going to sacrifice that relationship. I'm not going to be ashamed of that relationship,” Clarke said.
The Sydney Mines native served in the provincial legislature as a PC MLA for a decade before returning to Cape Breton to become mayor in 2012.
He spent much of his time in the legislature as a cabinet minister in the Progressive Conservative governments of former premiers John Hamm and Rodney MacDonald.
Clarke says he's on the progressive side of the Progressive Conservatives.
He would be the third candidate in the leadership race, joining Tim Houston, the MLA for Pictou East, and John Lohr, the member for Kings North.
Jamie Baillie announced late last year that he planned to step down as leader and leave politics, but that departure came sooner than expected last month when he resigned following an allegation of inappropriate behaviour.
Details of the leadership convention are expected to be announced Feb. 11 during the party's annual general meeting in Halifax.
Christina Lamey, a spokeswoman for the Cape Breton Regional Municipality, said the mayor decided to speak out after an incident earlier this week. At issue was “hateful speech” directed at Clarke's sexuality, she said.
Clarke received an outpouring of support of social media, with many applauding his courage to come forward and tell his story and condemning the homophobia and threats he endured.
A group of football fans are taking on a charity bike ride from Bristol to Sunderland in memory of little Bradley Lowery.
The team, made up of 11 Bristol City fans and three drivers, will cover a distance of 326 miles as they take on the ‘Stadium2Stadium' challenge.
Lee Rackham is taking on a charity bike ride to raise funds for the Bradley Lowery Foundation.
The unique challenge will see them begin at the Robins' Ashton Gate home and stop off at various stadiums on their journey north to the Stadium of Light.
The fundraising initiative hopes to raise as much as possible for the Bradley Lowery Foundation, which is in the process of being set up after the six-year-old from Blackhall tragically lost his battle with childhood cancer neuroblastoma last month.
The charity looks to support children with cancer and other conditions whilst keeping Bradley's legacy alive.
The idea for the charity cycle came from Lee Rackham, 31, who wanted to show his support for the cause on behalf of the football community.
The bike ride is raising funds for the Bradley Lowery Foundation.
Lee, from Bristol, said his two sons Jensen Gordon, five, and Leo Rackham, six months, both suffer from conditions which may be able to receive support from the foundation once it is set up.
The former soldier-turned-scaffolder said: “In the past I have done a bike ride from Scotland to Halifax for a six-year-old boy who had the same condition as Bradley had, and has now sadly died.
“My son Jenson has a condition called hypohidrotic ectodermal dysplasia (HED) which means he doesn't sweat and can't cool his body down, while my other son Leo has Pierre Robin sequence - a condition that affects his breathing.
“They may both benefit from the foundation.”
The bike ride will start out from Ashton Gate on Tuesday, October 24 and will see the group cycle to the Stadium of Light by Saturday, October 28 - when Sunderland play host to Bristol City.
Along the way, the team plan to cycle through Blackhall.
Lee added: “We are hoping to raise £5,000 for the Bradley Lowery Foundation and so far we have raised £2,629.”
To donate visit: https://www.justgiving.com/crowdfunding/nick-duff?utm_id=100&utm_term=6aAbwgG9Z
Residents of Isis Way in Derbyshire have failed in a bid to have the street's name changed to something less inflammatory, as hardly anyone bothered responding to a public consultation on the matter so... the name stays.
A parish council consultation on the potential for a name change only came up with seven responses, which isn't really enough of a critical outpouring to make such a large change to one of our historic place names. So a few people will have to continue being sniggered at when on the phone to call centres.
Besides, as people who live there are probably bored of telling visitors, the name was taken from a river and is not -- repeat not -- designed to show the area's support for Islamic State, or the bad sort of ISIS that's always in the news. [BBC]
More History Posts:
НТВ в социальных сетях twitter
facebook
google
vk
odnoklassniki
instagram
telegram
'); StatBanner('btw', bl); } else { show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); } } } function mailru_ads(data, el) { if(data && data.length > 0) { var ban_location = $(el).attr("ntv-loc"); var bl = parseInt(ban_location); if(bl == 3 && typeof b240_callback !== 'undefined') { try { window[b240_callback](); } catch(e) {} } StatBanner('all', bl); } } (MRGtag = window.MRGtag || []).push({ onNoAds:function(resp) { mailru_noAds(resp); }, onAdsLoaded: function(data, el){ mailru_ads(data, el); }, iframeMode: false }); function StatBanner(type, place) { if (type == 'all') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_showed" }); } if (type == 'noAds') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_mailru_error" }); } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_top" }); try { reachGoal('banner_error_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_ntv_showed" }); } if (type == 'btw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_showed" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_showed'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'nobtw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_error" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_error'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4_ntv" }); } } $(function() { var o = document.createElement('vid' + 'eo'); if(isFInst && (!o || !o.canPlayType || !o.canPlayType('video/mp4; codecs="avc1.640029, mp4a.40.2"'))) { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "html5_media_support" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('html5_media_support'); } catch (e) {} } }); // -->
Saban, now in his 12th year at Alabama, still has the Crimson Tide far above the competition. The program won a fifth national championship in nine seasons in January and shows no sign of slowing down.
Alabama's dealing with its own transition after losing both co-ordinators and several other assistant coaches to other jobs. Pruitt, who is now the Volunteers' coach, was the former defensive co-ordinator.
"We have six new faces around here, but they all seem to fit in and they're all doing extremely well," Saban said. "I'm excited about them and I like every one of them and to be honest with you, we're very, very fortunate and hit a home run with the guys we were able to hire."
Alabama's national championship victory makes it easy to forget that Auburn won the SEC's Western Division after beating the Tide in the Iron Bowl. The euphoria was short-lived after the Tigers lost to Georgia in the SEC Championship Game and then watched as Alabama was picked for a spot in the College Football Playoff.
Auburn coach Gus Malzahn is entering his sixth season — tied for the second-longest tenured in the SEC. The Tigers hope that the relative coaching longevity can give them an advantage in the race to challenge the Tide.
Georgia will try to repeat as SEC champions after losing star running backs Nick Chubb and Sony Michel. Third-year coach Kirby Smart won 21 games during his first two seasons with the Bulldogs.
___
Some other things to watch across the Southeastern Conference:
FLORIDA REGROUPS
Florida turned to its past to find a new head coach during the off-season, hiring Mississippi State's Dan Mullen . The 45-year-old Mullen was the offensive co-ordinator at Florida when Tim Tebow was quarterback and helped the Gators win national titles in 2006 and 2008. Mullen — who has built a reputation as a quarterback guru — will try to rebuild an offence that's mostly sputtered over the past decade.
JIMBO IN COLLEGE STATION
Texas A&M made arguably the most impressive coaching hire in the SEC when it lured Florida State's Jimbo Fisher to College Station . Fisher won a national championship with the Seminoles in 2013 and will try to do the same with a Texas A&M program that's been stuck in the middle of the SEC Western Division since it joined the league in 2012.
TENNESSEE REBOOT
It's been a lost decade for Tennessee's football program, which has mostly struggled since longtime coach Phillip Fulmer was forced out in 2008. The Volunteers now turn to Pruitt , who was the defensive co-ordinator at Georgia and Alabama before coming to Knoxville. Tennessee has plenty of uncertainty on the roster, including at quarterback. Jarrett Guarantano started six of the final seven games last year, but must hold off a challenge from Stanford graduate transfer Keller Chryst, who will arrive on campus during the summer.
ALABAMA QBs
The quarterback competition between Jalen Hurts and Tua Tagovailoa should continue into preseason camp. Tagovailoa broke a finger in his left, passing hand and was limited throughout the spring, sitting out the A-Day game. Hurts, who is 26-2 as the starter, turned in an unimpressive scrimmage performance. Hurts' father, Averion, indicated to Bleacher Report that the junior would transfer if he didn't win the starting job. Neither passer was made available to the media during the spring.
ORGERON IN YEAR 2
LSU coach Ed Orgeron had a rough start to his first full season after losses to Mississippi State and Troy, but the Tigers recovered and finished with a respectable 9-4 record. Orgeron's second year should also be challenging. The Tigers have several starting spots up for grabs and must figure out answers before a brutal schedule that includes games against Miami and Auburn in the first three weeks of the season.
___
More AP college football at www.collegefootball.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP_Top25 .
___
AP Sports Writers John Zenor, Steve Megargee and Kurt Voigt contributed to this story.
By David Brandt, The Associated Press
WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump likes to tell a story about the U.S. paying out billions of dollars to Iran as part of the multinational deal freezing its nuclear program and easing sanctions against it. What he doesn't say is that most of that money was Iran's to begin with. The rest relates to an old debt the U.S. had with Iran.
The numbers and some details change in his retelling — dating back to the 2016 campaign — but his bottom line is always the same: The Obama administration was hoodwinked into giving Iran all that money, some of it in a huge and hidden bundle of cash.
The latest iteration of his claim Tuesday and the reality behind it:
TRUMP: “The Iran deal is a terrible deal. We paid $150 billion. We gave $1.8 billion in cash. That's actual cash, barrels of cash. It's insane. It's ridiculous. It should have never been made. But we will be talking about it.” — remarks before a meeting with French President Emmanuel Macron. At a news conference Tuesday, he spoke about “giving them, Iran, $150 billion at one point.”
THE FACTS: There was no $150 billion payout from the U.S. treasury. The money he refers to represents Iranian assets held abroad that were frozen until the deal was reached and Tehran was allowed to access its funds.
The payout of about $1.8 billion is a separate matter. That dates to the 1970s, when Iran paid the U.S. $400 million for military equipment that was never delivered because the government was overthrown and diplomatic relations ruptured.
That left people, businesses and governments in each country indebted to partners in the other, and these complex claims took decades to sort out in tribunals and arbitration. For its part, Iran paid settlements of more than $2.5 billion to U.S. citizens and businesses.
The day after the nuclear deal was implemented, the U.S. and Iran announced they had settled the claim over the 1970s military equipment order, with the U.S. agreeing to pay the $400 million principal along with about $1.3 billion in interest. The $400 million was paid in cash and flown to Tehran on a cargo plane, which gave rise to Trump's dramatic accounts of money stuffed in barrels or boxes and delivered in the dead of night. The arrangement provided for the interest to be paid later, not crammed into containers.
——
Find AP Fact Checks at http://apne.ws/2kbx8bd
Follow https://twitter.com/APFactCheck
EDITOR'S NOTE — A look at the veracity of claims by political figures
A young man is in custody after a fire in Elmvale looked to be intentionally set. Huronia West OPP say the 20-year-old man had not yet been charged after his arrest Wednesday morning, but expect Arson-related charges to be laid. It appears a natural gas line was ignited at the Elmvale Arena late Tuesday evening, while Springwater Fire was able to contain the blaze. Springwater Fire's Chief later said there were signs the fire was a case of arson.
Crews on scene of structure fire at Elmvale Arena. Fire knocked down. Unconfirmed reports of arson. IG. — Springwater Fire (@SpringwaterFIRE) May 30, 2018
NANS Secures Insurance Policy for students in Tertiary Institutions
ADEBIYI ADEDAPO,
Leadership of the National Association of Nigerian Students (NANS) has secured an insurance policy for students of tertiary institutions across the country, to discourage the scourge of school drop-outs in case of death of parents or sponsors.
NANS President, Comrade Kadiri Aruna in a statement noted that the student body entered into a Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) with the African Assurance Plc for a unique Insurance package for students. This insurance package is the first of its kind because it targets parents/guardians/sponsors.
The insurance package, according to Haruna, covers subscribers the case of death or permanent disability of a students' sponsor.
“The insurance company will pay the student a premium of the sum of one hundred thousand (N100,000.00) only every academic session till graduation.”
“The policy also provides for an extra two years of benefit to address cases of academic spill-over, National Youth Service delays and other academic eventualities,” he stated.
The package is sold for two thousand naira (N2,000.00) only per academic session.
Meanwhile, Haruna announced the that the NANS Senate which Sat on 19-21, 2017 at Emmanuel Alayande college of Education Oyo, Oyo State ratified the insurance policy and urges students to buy into it to safeguard their educational future.
Meanwhile, a bye-election was held to fill the vacant positions in the NANS executive. Comrade Oderaa Oduche emerged the National Treasurer, Okereafor Bestman Opeyemi was elected as the National Public Relations Officer and Ali Egbesola was returned as the Vice President External Affairs.
The post NANS Secures Insurance Policy for students in Tertiary Institutions appeared first on leadership.ng.
This post was syndicated from leadership.ng. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
MORRISTOWN, TN (WJHL) – The Morristown Police Department reports three teens have been charged in connection with an incident at one of the local schools involving a gun.
Police receive a report on Tuesday afternoon that a student brought a gun to Morristown-Hamblen West High School.
Investigators said they determined a 14-year-old brought a 9mm handgun to school in a backpack. In addition, they said two other students, both 15 years of age, handled the gun. Police report the gun was not loaded at the time.
According to a MPD report, all three students have been charged with carrying weapons on school property. Police also reported, one of the teens was charged with consuming alcoholic beverages on school premises.
Their cases will be handled by juvenile court.
MPD investigators said they, “believe this is an isolated incident and do not believe there was a plan to fire the weapon at the school.”
SALT LAKE CITY — LGBT-rights groups are settling a lawsuit after Utah repealed a law restricting talk about homosexuality in classrooms.
National Center for Lesbian Rights attorney Christopher Stoll said Friday they're thankful lawmakers ended the rules banning “advocacy of homosexuality” that created a culture of silence for LGBT students.
He says the Utah case sets the stage for challenging similar laws in states like Arizona, Alabama and Texas.
The Utah Attorney General's Office declined immediate comment.
The 2001 law was originally aimed at sex-education, but had also been cited when a book about lesbian mothers was pulled from a school-library shelf.
The plaintiffs also said it blocked teachers from protecting a 7-year-old boy from bullies because they couldn't say it was OK to be gay. Those claims were resolved in the settlement.
Connecticut's Beardsley Zoo's newest addition, a 10-year-old Amur tiger named Changbai, has completed her quarantine period and is now on exhibit. After arriving on Jan. 12, 2017 from the Philadelphia Zoo, the last three months were devoted to making her familiar with her new home. Once she was comfortable with her surroundings, Chang made her debut at the zoo in April.
Amur tigers, also known as Siberian tigers, are very rare, and are critically endangered in the wild. According to the Association of Zoos and Aquariums' (AZA) statistics, today's tigers are thought to occupy less than 7% of their original range. Threatened by habitat loss and degradation, poaching, tiger-human conflict, and loss of prey, four of nine subspecies have disappeared from the wild just in the past hundred years. Arguably the most endangered big cat remaining in the wild, Amur tiger numbers have dropped to fewer than 500. The future of the Amur tiger has been a major concern of the world's zoos for many years.
Managed by the AZA's Species Survival Plan (SSP), inter-regional transfers are arranged with careful attention to gene diversity in the hope that successful breeding will take place. Chang was sent to Connecticut's Beardsley Zoo as an excellent genetic match to the Zoo's resident male tiger, Petya. Chang can be seen in her new exhibit in the Predator area, near the Café.
“Chang is a beautiful tiger and is getting along very nicely with our Zoo staff, and with Petya,” said Gregg Dancho, zoo director. “We gave her ample time to become comfortable with her new surroundings, and now she's very much at home in her exhibit.”
Visitors will be able to meet Chang from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. daily, in the Predator area near the Cafe.
“The Zoo's breeding program exists to bolster the dwindling number of animals still in the wild,” said Dancho. “It's a real testament to our Zoo's strong reputation for working to protect endangered species and to educate our guests about them. It's an important part of our mission and we're justifiably proud of that.”
For more information, visit beardsleyzoo.org.
About Amur tigers
The Amur, or Siberian tiger, is a rare subspecies of tiger, and the largest cat in the world. Adult male tigers can weigh up to 675 pounds, with females weighing up to 350 pounds. Chang is small for a female Amur tiger, weighing 297 pounds. Similar to people's fingerprints, no two tigers have the same striped pattern. Amur tigers differ from other tigers with fewer, paler stripes, and a mane that helps to keep them warm. They live in southeast Russia as well as small areas of China and North Korea. They live for 10-15 years in the wild, and up to 22 years in captivity.
The ugliness of the rally — which included crowds of young white men offering the Nazi salute and which led to the death of a woman in a car attack — has resulted in a fracture on the right. After waiting days, for instance, to directly criticize the extremist groups, President Trump on Monday condemned white supremacists, saying from the White House that “racism is evil.”
Some hard-line conservatives beat Mr. Trump to the punch, apparently concluding that the marchers had gone too far and that their aggressiveness and messages could hurt the movement. Mike Cernovich, an influential right-wing media figure who is hardly shy of controversy, posted a Twitter message on Saturday afternoon, attacking what the self-proclaimed alt-right, parts of which use Nazi imagery and racist language, had become.
“The alt-right will now be made up of losers with nothing to lose,” he wrote. “This sets ceiling on numbers while also attracting loons and terrorists.”
Unwilling to be associated with explicit neo-Nazis, some of those invited to the Charlottesville event did not even bother showing up. Among them was Gavin McInnes, the founder of the Proud Boys, a conservative fraternal organization of self-described “Western chauvinists” that has engaged in several battles with the left in recent months.
Well before the gathering in Charlottesville, Mr. McInnes had planned to hold a “Free Speech” rally in Boston on Saturday, but it remained unclear whether it would take place after civil rights groups on Monday asked the city's mayor, Martin J. Walsh, to revoke the rally's permit. Mr. McInnes, in an unusual move, said he hoped the event would be canceled.
“It's a lose-lose situation,” he explained. “If we have a permit and we don't go, it would show that antifa” — or anti-fascists — “can shut us down whenever they want. But if we do go, it will look like we're fighting for Nazis we don't like.”
Photo
On Monday night, officials at Texas A&M announced that they were canceling Mr. Wiginton's event. But he pushed back, saying he would fight the university in court. “It seems like the First Amendment doesn't apply to white people,” he said.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Elsewhere in the country, other movement leaders were busy pushing forward with their plans. Jack Posobiec, an activist who interrupted a June performance of “Julius Caesar” in New York that portrayed the assassinated leader much like Mr. Trump, is planning to march on Google's New York headquarters on Saturday to protest the company's firing of an employee who criticized its diversity policy.
Matthew Heimbach, a founder of the Nationalist Front, an umbrella organization for the white nationalist movement, said on Monday that he was going to start organizing against an effort to remove two Confederate statues from public squares in Lexington, Ky. As the violence broke out in Charlottesville on Saturday, the mayor of Lexington, Jim Gray, wrote on Twitter that the statues should come down.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
And Eli Mosley, an organizer for Identity Evropa, a white separatist group that endorses racial segregation, said that his and other like-minded groups planned to hold more rallies in Virginia. Indeed, on Monday, a Confederate heritage organization filed a request with state officials to hold an event on Sept. 16 near a monument of Robert E. Lee in Richmond. Mr. Mosley was so enthused by the Charlottesville rally that he claimed the movement could within two years attract as many as 10,000 people to a national march in Washington.
“Every city needs to watch out,” Mr. Mosley said. “We are everywhere.”
Mr. Mosley added that he had no concerns about the president's remarks and that they would have no effect on the movement's future plans.
“The president is being advised by people who don't know what's going on,” Mr. Mosley added. “He's essentially going off of false information. We're not in any way worried about moving forward.”
Mr. Heimbach echoed that notion, saying that the president's remarks would not stop him or his colleagues. “I expected him to backtrack,” he added. “You have Republicans and Democrats united in the purpose of genociding our people. With the pressure put on Mr. Trump, I'm not surprised he made those comments.”
The goals of the far right have never been uniform. The disparate factions of the movement have sometimes come together in supporting concrete issues like restricting immigration and creating “a white ethnostate” in America. But at their large-scale rallies like the one in Charlottesville, they are often mainly interested in solidifying their communal bonds and attracting the attention of the news media.
Mr. Gillespie is among a handful of people to have taken the traditional route of seeking office. (He ran a failed campaign for the Senate last year as a Libertarian candidate in Florida.) While one of Mr. Heimbach's groups, the Traditionalist Worker Party, has also run candidates, mostly for local offices, it is arguably more concerned with creating a grass-roots movement of white nationalists. The group has organized on behalf of disaffected coal miners and those affected by the opioid epidemic, and it has handed out white supremacist literature at gun shows and neighborhood Christmas events.
Like other white supremacists, Mr. Spencer has called for “a white homeland” in North America. But he, too, can often seem less interested in policy than in headlines.
At his news conference, he referred — cheekily, it seemed — to the throngs in Charlottesville who marched by torchlight in an echo of the Ku Klux Klan.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“The idea that the K.K.K. had a monopoly on torches,” he said, “that is not the case.”
Barcelona star Lionel Messi is unique and there are no comparisons to the forward, according to team-mate Paco Alcacer.
Messi drew level with Gerd Muller for the most goals for one club in the top five European leagues with his 525th for Barcelona on Sunday.
The Argentina star struck after Luis Suarez's opener as the LaLiga giants claimed a 2-0 win over Villarreal.
While Messi was joined by Cristiano Ronaldo on five Ballons d'Or, Alcacer hailed his team-mate, insisting there was no comparison to the 30-year-old.
"I have no words for Leo. He is unique. There is no other in the world like him," he told Barça TV.
"There are no adjectives to describe this player."
The win over Villarreal was Barça's 12th in 15 league games as they stayed five points clear at the top.
Alcacer praised Messi and Suarez for making the difference against the 10-man hosts.
"In the end we are 11 players. It is clear if you come on, you are fresher and can open more spaces," he said.
"But it is won by the collective and because we have the two best forwards in the world that make the difference."
MUSIC: YMC – Letter To Mary Slessor (Prod By Strategybeats)
Blackmoon Nation Dou YMC Celebrates their birthday with a emotional tune dedicated to the legendary missionary May Slessor who actually stooped the killing of infant twins in nigeria, the twin singers write a must-read letter to her, for always being there when no one else cared
listen below and comment
https://www.360nobs.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/04/Ymc_Letter-To-Late-Mary-Slessor-.mp3
Note: There is a file embedded within this post, please visit this post to download the file.
The post MUSIC: YMC – Letter To Mary Slessor (Prod By Strategybeats) appeared first on 360Nobs.com.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from 360Nobs.com. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
HOUSTON - A man has been arrested on suspicion he targeted a bank customer for theft Wednesday in northwest Houston, police said.
Curtis Sandel watched a woman leaving a bank and then targeted her and began to stalk her, intending to steal her money, police said.
The woman drove to another location and parked, leaving her property in her vehicle. Police said Sandel broke the woman's window and stole her property.
Officers with the Houston Police Department and Texas Department of Public Safety were able to capture Sandel after the theft, police said.
"Bank jugging" refers to a customer being targeted for theft or robbery as they leave a bank with cash, police said. "Jugging" thieves follow customers from a bank with the intent to steal the money that the customer has withdrawn.
Sandel has been charged with the third-degree felony offense of engaging in organized criminal activity, felony theft and burglary of a motor vehicle.
Sandel, who police said is a registered sex offender and a documented gang member from the Trinity Garden neighborhood of northeast Houston, is a habitual offender with an extensive criminal history to include numerous arrests for possession of crack cocaine with intent to deliver, possession of marijuana, felon in possession of a firearm, sexual assault of a child, endangering a child, theft by check, criminal trespass, unauthorized use of a motor vehicle and felony theft.
Police said Sandel is facing 25 years to life in prison if convicted in Wednesday's third-degree felony engaging case because of two prior prison sentences in the Texas Department of Criminal Justice.
Sandel is a suspect in numerous "bank jugging" thefts throughout Harris County, police said.
HPD officers are asking that if anyone recognizes Sandel from any recent crimes to call Crime Stoppers at 713-222-TIPS (8477) or the HPD's Northeast Division at 832-395-1500.
Copyright 2018 by KPRC Click2Houston - All rights reserved.
Benedict Cumberbatch's Doctor Strange and Chris Hemsworth's Thor might be serious Marvel superheroes, but a DVD outtake shows their lighter side as the two characters bond.
The End Tag of 2016 movie Doctor Strange saw Thor in the Sanctum Sanctorum asking for help from the Sorcerer Supreme, setting things up for Cumberbatch's character to appear in Thor: Ragnarok.
In a behind-the-scenes clip tweeted by Hemsworth, we find out more about what went in to making the End Tag. It's a little more loose than the rest of the film, because as executive producer Stephen Broussard explains, "We don't often script them out or necessarily know when the film starts shooting what the tags are going to be."
That left space for Strange and Thor to develop their own rapport.
God of Thunder meets Sorcerer Supreme. Bring home #DoctorStrange tomorrow on Digital HD. pic.twitter.com/OLcc7Z2w0B — Chris Hemsworth (@chrishemsworth) February 13, 2017
Broussard explains that the scene was intended to "answer the question right away of what's it going to be like when Doctor Strange enters the Marvel universe" – and open things up for a "lighter tone."
Thor: Ragnarok will be released in the UK on 27th October 2017
Anyone who has accumulated any appreciable miles in a street rod has run into rain. Often that means peering through a small triangular patch cleared by a single windshield wiper, or seeking refuge under an overpass until conditions improve. But if you spin the odometer and rack up miles like Jerry Dixey does in our Road Tour car each year you're bound to experience everything Mother Nature can throw at you. Add to that the Road Tour's schedule of events that eliminates the option of waiting out a storm and the only option is to be prepared. To that end Hot Rods By Dean (HRBD) is installing windshield wipers from Specialty Power Windows in the 2018 United Pacific/STREET RODDER Road Tour 1932 Ford pickup Presented by Ford Performance Parts
Specialty Power Windows was founded in 1986 and is dedicated exclusively to the manufacture of windshield wipers, power window kits, and related pieces for enthusiasts of old cars, street rods, trucks, and vans. They design and manufacture all of the components and kits in-house using new OEM components for reliable, long-lasting performance
The SPW Dual-Wiper Drive Kit that HRBD installed in our 1932 has two wiper shafts that will accept arms that fit 1/2-inch fine spline knurls or arms that fit 1/4-inch shafts. The wipers are driven by a remote-mounted, commercial-duty two-speed wiper motor with 300 in/lb stall torque, which means they can clear anything that is likely to accumulate on our pickup's windshield.
A unique feature of the SPW wipers is the sweep is adjustable from 90 degrees to 160 degrees in 10-degree increments. Dual Wiper Kits are available with two-speed intermittent self-park switch kits or the standard two-speed self-park switch kits. Two-speed switch kits are available with either a rotary knob or black rocker switch. Standard kits come with a 72-inch drive cable with 144-inch drive cable and tubing as an option.
While Livermore and the HRBD crew were installing the wipers they also opted to install SPW's Universal Wonder-Lift power window assemblies. These cable-driven kits use GM components to completely replace the original regulator and crank handle. Kits include the lower glass channel, GM switches, complete wiring harness with switch and motor plugs, along with flexible stainless steel wire conduit kit for door opening. Complete kits come with chrome GM-style switches.
Thanks to SPW and HRBD, Dixey will be able to travel in all kinds of weather, he'll be able to see where he's going when the weather is bad, and roll down the windows with a touch of button when it's good. Plan on joining him on the 2018 United Pacific/STREET RODDER Road Tour Presented by Ford Performance Parts—rain or shine.
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
When it comes to breakout stars of 2017, there aren't many that eclipse Phoebe Bridgers. Her debut album, Stranger In The Alps, is earning tons of year-end love, including placing prominently on our own songs and albums lists. Not bad for an artist that few knew about six months ago. In addition to the music, she's also offered up memorable music videos and even a recent Christmas song. With momentum like that, it's hard to imagine that she will slow down anytime soon.
One of the album's standout moments is a guest appearance from Bright Eyes' Conor Oberst, with whom Bridgers has toured with, even dueting “Lua” together live in concert. The song, “Would You Rather,” gets a video treatment with Bridgers and Oberst both showing up for the affair. The clip pays tribute to VHS nostalgia and public access television tones, complete with low-budget animation and plenty of vibrant colors and damaged tape effects. Oberst can hardly keep a straight face as he waves his cowboy hat and mimics a pony ride.
Check out the evocative video above, and if you haven't done so already, be sure to listen to the excellent Phoebe Bridgers album, Stranger In The Alps, wherever you stream music.
Why it matters to you If you ever wanted to share the experience of a cozy Rumpl, its new blankets will do the trick.
Looking to get cozy with your Valentine? Might we suggest curling up in a down blanket from Rumpl to celebrate the occasion? Appropriately enough, the company has expanded its lineup to include a two-person model on Tuesday, ending disputes between couples over who gets to use the company's warm and stylish quilts.
Made from the same materials that you would find in a high-end sleeping bag or down jacket, Rumpl's blankets are both lightweight and packable. That makes them a great choice for taking with you when traveling, setting out on a backpacking trip, or going car camping. Of course, they are equally comfortable for use around the home, say on a chilly night in February.
More: Backpacker turns Ikea's strangely tough shopping bags into an ultralight backpack
Insulated with sustainably sourced, hydrophobic 600 fill down insulation and covered in a 20D ripstop nylon shell — complete with DWR coating — these quilts are water resistant, machine washable, and durable enough to survive in the outdoors. They are also rated for use in temperatures as low as 40-degree Fahrenheit (4 degrees Celsius), making them a nice sleeping bag replacement when used for warm weather camping.
Rumpl's standard blanket already offers plenty of coverage, measuring 54 by 80 inches in size. The new two-person model expands those measurements out to 88 by 84 inches however, making it much easier to share with a significant other. But, the increased dimensions also add a bit of extra weight too. While the original version tips the scales at 1.2 pounds, the two-person quilt tops out at 2.1 pounds. It doesn't compress down quite as small when placed inside its included stuff sack either, but neither version will add much in the way of bulk to your luggage or backpack.
The two-person Down Puffy is available in three colors — black, forest green and Baja blue — and can be purchased at the Rumpl website for $299.
Charges of assault and harassment leveled by a local gadfly against Phillipsburg's mayor have been tossed by a municipal court.
The case was dismissed Wednesday due to insufficient evidence, according to court records.
Phillipsburg resident Blaine Fehley filed criminal complaints against Mayor Stephen Ellis after a confrontation during a town meeting in April -- a recording of which was posted on Fehley's YouTube channel (and can be seen above).
Fehley claimed the mayor poked him in the chest before the video started. In the recording, Ellis tells Fehley he is "sick" for posting a photo involving the mayor's 9-year-old son on Facebook. "We'll see where this goes," the mayor says as he walks away.
The photo in question -- one apparently taken without their knowledge while the mayor, wearing a hoodie that says "Mayor Ellis," was shopping with his son -- was snapped by someone else, Fehley said. He posted an altered version to his personal Facebook page in which the boy was removed and replaced by a pregnant woman with Council President Todd Tersigni's face.
Fehley's complaints were filed in Alpha municipal court -- which is handling Phillipsburg's court duties as mold in town hall is addressed -- and transferred to Clinton Township, where it was dismissed.
Ellis on Friday said the charges were "baseless and without merit."
"It is unfortunate that there are desperate individuals who will stop at nothing to obstruct and (distract) government officials from their duties," the mayor said.
Fehley, a controversial figure who ran a blog, recorded video of town meetings and ran a failed campaign for town council in 2013, has often found himself at odds with elected officials.
Some examples: In 2011, he pursued harassment charges against Councilman Randy Piazza, the council president at the time, who Fehley claimed swore at him about removing tree trunks from a local cemetery. In 2012, he claimed that code violations issued for his property were actually retaliation after a dispute with then-Mayor Harry Wyant over campaign signs.
Recall update
This summer, Fehley initiated a recall campaign against the mayor -- but it has since stalled.
A three-person recall committee is required to organize the collection of signatures. This committee was comprised of Fehley, Cecelia Guthmiller and Constance Fuoco, but Fuoco dropped out and has not been replaced.
Fehley said Fuoco left because of a "conspiracy theory that my effort was initiated by payment from high ranking members of the Republican party."
Ellis, a Democrat, called the claim "ludicrous as everything else that has been said." Fuoco could not be reached for comment.
Fehley said he and Guthmiller have decided to leave to recall effort in its stalled state until after the November election.
"If the right candidates get into office that will keep his erratic and unethical behavior at bay, then a recall effort will no longer be necessary," Fehley said. He later clarified who he thinks the right people are: "Republicans."
Steve Novak may be reached at snovak@lehighvalleylive.com. Follow him on Twitter @type2supernovak and Facebook. Find lehighvalleylive.com on Facebook.
Make Your Island Plans Now – Bahamas Ministry Boating Flings Launch in June
For many boat owners in Florida and the southeast U.S., a trip to the Bahamas is on their bucket list. However, many are concerned with their ability to cross the Gulf Stream. Enter the Bahamas Summer Boating Fling Program. For over 30 years, the Bahamas Ministry of Tourism has been organizing summer flotillas to teach Gulf Stream-crossing newbies how to safely make the crossing in a fun and relaxed atmosphere.
Under the guidance of a lead boat and experienced captain, participants in the Bahamas Boating Flings make the Gulf Stream crossing in a group. Flings depart from Bahia Mar Yachting Center in Ft. Lauderdale. In year's past, when several boaters plan to depart from the Treasure Coast, the Ministry has arranged either a Treasure Coast lead boat or a rendezvous point mid-Gulfstream for the groups to merge and cross together.
Flings begin on Thursdays. Wednesday before all trips is a mandatory Captain's meeting. Trips end on Sundays.
If interested, register early as space is limited to 30 boats. Dockage space is on a first-come first-served basis. Minimum boat length for all flings is 22 feet. There is a $75 non-refundable registration fee per boat, per fling.
So, go grab a Kalik, a Sands or your favorite rum concoction—and let the island countdown begin!
Here is the summer 2017 itinerary:
JUNE
8-12 Grand Bahama
15-19 Bimini
22-26 Bimini
JULY
6-17 Extended Fling Exuma
20-24 Bimini
24-27 Bimini
For more information, or to register for a fling or flings, call (800) 32-SPORT or visit www.bahamas.com/faq/boating-flings.
HOUSTON - Learn about Percy's journey with the Houston SPCA and how you can help local animals in need.
Sponsored by the Houston SPCA.
Copyright 2018 by KPRC Click2Houston - All rights reserved.
China Southern Airlines will use Boeing 737-8s to operate a revived service between Urumqi in northwestern China and St Petersburg, Russia, replacing 757s.
The Guangzhou-based carrier earlier said it would use 787-8s on the 4,730-km (2,580-mi.) route. Operated with 737s, the scheduled duration of the service is 6 hr. 10 min.
China Southern retired its last 757 in March.
The airline began flying between Urumqi and St. Petersburg in 2015. It opened a connection between Urumqi and Tbilisi, Georgia in the same year. The St. Petersburg flights were suspended last year, however.
They will resume on June 2, China Southern said, adding that the timing suits demand for travel for the soccer World Cup. The competition will be held in several Russian cities, including St. Petersburg, in June and July.
China Southern has allocated two of its 10 787-8s to its Urumqi branch company and plans to transfer two more there this year. Meanwhile, the carrier is introducing 787-9s into service.
Urumqi, 2,440 km west of Beijing, is a gateway airport for Central Asia and Russia.
Bradley Perrett, perrett@aviationweek.com
Research by Ryan Wang
Nahdia Baker was facing over a dozen charges — and on most of those — the jury said she was not guilty.
CAIRO — Sudan's official news agency says archeologists have reopened burial chambers in an ancient pyramid north of the capital, Khartoum.
SUNA says Tuesday the chambers are located at a depth of 10 metres (about 33 feet) under a pyramid in the Meroe area. The UNESCO world heritage site is home to pyramids ranging from six meters (20 feet) to 30 metres (100 feet) tall.
It says archeologists from a Qatari mission discovered artifacts, including human and animal bones, inside the chambers.
The pyramids, with narrow bases and steep angles on the sides, were built by the ancient Nubian civilization between 720 and 300 B.C.
Qatar has pledged $135 million to renovate and support Sudan's antiquities.
Zinedine Zidane was left annoyed by Cristiano Ronaldo's dismissal in the Supercopa de Espana victory at Barcelona, insisting the red card was harsh on the Real Madrid star.
Ronaldo produced a memorable cameo as Madrid defeated arch-rivals Barça 3-1 in the first leg of the Supercopa on Sunday.
The four-time Ballon d'Or winner came off the bench and scored Madrid's second goal with 10 minutes remaining at Camp Nou before being booked for taking off his shirt in celebration.
Ronaldo was then shown a second yellow card for diving after going to ground under pressure from Samuel Umtiti two minutes later, much to the frustration of Madrid head coach Zidane.
"As always, I'm not going to get involved in discussing the work of the referee," the Frenchman told reporters.
"We played a great game, but what annoyed me was Cristiano Ronaldo's dismissal. Maybe there's no penalty, but to show a card [for alleged diving] was a little harsh.
"However, we cannot change that, even if we'll try to have him available for Wednesday."
LOUISVILLE, Ky. (AP) The Kentucky Race Track Chaplaincy has instated a new bilingual chaplain team to serve Spanish-speaking workers.
WAVE-TV reports (http://bit.ly/2oHYtAz) that about 85 percent to 95 percent of those working behind the scenes at Churchill Downs speak Spanish. In addition to leading prayer and preaching in the chapel on the grounds, chaplains will operate a clothing closet and food pantry for workers.
Chaplain Joseph del Rosario says his aim is to help the workers who keep operations running smoothly in any way possible. He also says that representation of women among the workers is growing.
The chaplaincy was founded in 1989 to specifically serve the workers in the barn and training areas.
General News of Friday, 6 October 2017
Source: 3news.com
2017-10-06
File photo; Map of Ghana
President Nana Akufo-Addo will next week establish a commission to among other things, examine the petitions on the creation of new regions and make recommendations that will set the stage for the finalization of the process.
The Council of State in August this year okayed the decision to create six more regions as proposed by the government, paving the way for the establishment of a Commission of Enquiry to also take up the issue by examining the petitions on the matter.
The Commission will be expected to tour the three regions – Brong Ahafo, Northern, Western and the Volta – out of which the new regions would be created, to examine which areas to be carved out and make recommendations for action to be taken by the President.
At the commencement of his three-day tour of the Northern Region Friday, President Akufo-Addo said: “Next week I am going to establish a Commission of Enquiry to examine the petitions for the creation of the regions.” “The Constitution states that once the Council of State has given a positive response to the President, the President would have to establish a Commission of Enquiry to go into the areas which have requested the creation to see whether, indeed, there is a substantial demand,” he added.
Addressing the overlord of Mamprugu, the Nayiri, Naa Bohogu Abdulai Mahami Sheriga during a courtesy call, the President urged the chief and his people to put forward and justify the need for the creation of addition region from the Northern Region.
“When the Commission of Enquiry comes into your areas, it is up to you to make it clear to the Commissioners that all of you want a new region,” the President advised.
Nana Akufo-Addo said if the Commission of Enquiry after examining the areas, decide that there is a substantial demand for the creation of the six regions, the Commissioners will make recommendations him.
“If the President receives the recommendations and they are positive, he will send the matter to the Electoral Commission to organise a referendum in the areas of the demand. It will require that 50% of all those registered in the area of the demand come out to vote, and, after that, 80% of those who come out to vote must vote ‘Yes' for the new region,” he said.
“This is the first time in the life of the 4th Republic that the procedure has been initiated. New regions creation rest with you”, he added.
“If you are determined to have the new region, it is in your hands. The way you respond to the Commission of Enquiry, and the way you vote, that is what will decide if you will have a new region,” President Akufo-Addo said.
He assured the Nayiri and the people of Mamprugu that “I am in full support of your demands. I believe that the demand you are making for a new region is a good demand and should be supported. But they say ‘God helps those who help themselves', so it is in your hands. If you want it you can have it.”
Team Estrella Galicia 0,0 Marc VDS
Team Estrella Galicia 0,0 Marc VDS will field two former intermediate class World Champions at the Japanese Grand Prix, with HRC test and development rider Hiroshi Aoyama joining Tito Rabat in the team as a replacement for the injured Jack Miller.
Aoyama and Rabat's intermediate class successes span two eras. Aoyama was crowned World Champion in 2009, the final year of the 250cc two-stroke machines, whereas Rabat's 2014 World Championship win came on 600cc four-stroke Moto2 machinery.
Aoyama has extensive MotoGP experience, having raced four full seasons since making his debut in the premier class back in 2010. Since 2015 the 35-year-old Japanese rider has been an HRC test rider and heavily involved in the development of the Honda RC213V he'll race this weekend in Motegi.
Rabat heads to Motegi this weekend determined to build on his points scoring finish last time out in Aragon. The Spaniard has stood on the podium at Japan twice in the intermediate class and is confident that he and his crew can quickly find a working set up for the demanding nature of the Motegi circuit, which features more heavy braking areas than any other circuit on the MotoGP calendar.
Hiroshi Aoyama:
"Firstly I want to wish Jack a speedy recovery and I hope he will be fit to race in his home Grand Prix at Phillip Island. It's never nice to replace an injured rider but I hope that I can do a good job for both Jack and the team in Motegi. I also want to thank Michael Bartholemy and Team Estrella Galicia 0,0 Marc VDS for giving me the opportunity to race once again in front of the Japanese fans. I have not raced yet this season, so it will take some time to get back the feeling. The fact that I already know a lot of the crew, having worked with them in the past, will help a lot, as will having a rider with Tito's experience on the other side of the box. I am looking forward to the weekend ahead!”
Tito Rabat:
"Given our situation I'm fairly satisfied with the last three races, especially Aragon where I finished closer to the winner despite a difficult weekend. Now we head to the three flyaway races, my favourite part of the season, and our goal is clear; to do the best job we can and to pick up as many points as possible. Motegi is a tricky circuit with a lot of heavy braking, but I'm confident that together with my crew we can quickly find a good set up and push for a good qualifying position, which is so important on such a stop and go track layout."
Michael Bartholemy: Team Principal
"Firstly I'd like to say a big thank you to Hiroshi for stepping in at the last minute to replace Jack in Motegi and to HRC for arranging everything at such short notice. I am looking forward to welcoming Hiroshi into the team this weekend. It won't be completely new for him, as he's worked with many of our technical staff previously, so we start already from a good position. I am sure he will do a good job for us this weekend and I hope he enjoys this opportunity to race once again in front of his home crowd. Tito's feeling with the bike, especially the front end, has improved significantly this season and that will be critical this weekend at Motegi, where the emphasis is very much on heavy braking."
Sosoliso plane crash survivor, Kechi Okwuchi, makes it to the second round of America's Got Talent
E60buzz (press release) (blog)
One of two survivors from the infamous Sosoliso crash, Kechi drew a standing ovation from the audience and judges after her voice had everyone gasping at the America got talent show audition. The Nigerian singer who amazed the judges and audience at …
and more »
ESCONDIDO, Calif. (KGTV) -- Edward Long will spend 50 years to life in prison for the murder of Elizabeth Perez, whose body was found in a car along I-15.
Her family called Monday's sentencing a welcome bit of justice and closure. "It's hard to understand what happened," says Angela Perez, Elizabeth's mother. "She did not deserve this. The fear she must have felt, it kills me."
Long killed Perez on June 12, 2016. Police say he shot her once in the head and then left her body in her car on the side of the I-15 freeway.
RELATED: Arrest made in death of woman found in car
He was convicted of her murder in a trial in February, 2017. During sentencing, her family begged the judge for the maximum sentence, 50 years, which Long got.
"He should never be allowed to be free and walk with society," Elizabeth's Aunt, Lisa Perez. "He will kill again."
Family described Elizabeth as the happiest relative, the one who got everyone together and served as a second mother to her younger sisters and her nephew, Nathan.
"Every day I think about her," says sister, Jasmine Guillen. "And when my son asks abou her, that's going to be a difficult conversation."Long did not make a statement during his sentencing.
JAKARTA, Indonesia — Activists burned U.S. and Israeli flags in front of the American embassy in Jakarta on Monday in a fourth day of protests in Indonesia against President Donald Trump's recognition of Jerusalem as Israel's capital.
Several hundred protesters from an Islamic youth group rallied outside the embassy, burning flags and images of Trump and Israeli Prime Minister Benyamin Netanyahu.
Wearing white robes, the protesters unfurled banners reading “U.S. Embassy, Get Out from Al-Quds” and “We are with the Palestinians.” Al-Quds is the Arabic name for Jerusalem, the historic Middle East city that is a holy site for Jews, Christians and Muslims.
A weekend protest at the embassy attracted several thousand people and similar protests have been held in other cities around Indonesia, the world's most populous Muslim nation.
Indonesian President Joko “Jokowi” Widodo has strongly condemned Trump's move, which he described as a violation of U.N. resolutions.
Indonesia does not have diplomatic ties with Israel and has long been a strong supporter of Palestinian aspirations for statehood.
Trump's announcement Wednesday overturned decades of U.S. policy, and a longstanding international consensus, that the fate of Jerusalem be decided as a part of a peace deal between Israel and Palestine.
Israeli and Palestinian claims to the city's eastern sector form the core of their conflict, and Trump's announcement was seen as siding with the Israelis.
Will they tell Aidan's ex they've got the money?
EastEnders fans are reeling from Friday's reveal that Sharon Mitchell stole the cash from Aidan Maguire's heist.
Advertisement
Phil's other half confessed to Mel Owen, who was desperate to find the loot so her sister-in-law, and Aidan's ex, Ciara agreed to released her son Hunter who she's currently holding hostage.
New pictures from tomorrow night's episode show Sharon and Mel visiting Mrs Maguire in her swanky home as Steve Owen's widow becomes increasingly determined to get her son back from Ciara's clutches.
Mel told Sharon that if Ciara got her cash back she'd back off, but does Mrs Mitchell want to hand over the haul she's been hiding for weeks?
What do the Walford blonde bombshells have planned as they meet up with Ciara? Are they hoping to strike a deal with Aidan's old flame, or double-cross her so they can keep the cash? Or worse, resort to violence…
Whatever happens, Hunter is returned to his mum's side safe and sound and makes his first appearance in Tuesday's episode.
So how is Ciara dealt with? Don't miss EastEnders tomorrow at 8pm on BBC1 to find out.
Watch a 60-second rundown of next week's episodes of EastEnders below.
Advertisement
And visit our dedicated EastEnders page for all the latest news, interviews and spoilers.
QUETTA, Pakistan — Pakistan's military says suicide bombers blew themselves up near a police vehicle and a security checkpoint in separate incidents in the southwestern city of Quetta, killing five police and wounding eight paramilitary troops.
A military statement Tuesday says a suicide bomber targeted a police vehicle on an airport road killing five police and wounding seven others.
Separately, the statement says two suicide bombers walked to the Frontier Corps checkpoint in the Mian Ghundi area and detonated explosive vests minutes apart, when paramilitaries fired on them.
Police officer Mohammad Aslam said eight wounded troops were hospitalized.
No group claimed responsibility but Islamic militants operating in the region have claimed past such attacks. Baluch separatist groups also have engaged in low-level insurgency in Baluchistan, of which Quetta is the capital.
Here's who'll be vying for a place in the final in round four of the semi-finals...
The line-up for Britain's Got Talent‘s fourth live semi-final have been confirmed.
Advertisement
The eight acts performing on Thursday's live BGT include dance group DVJ (Diversity Junior), comedian Noel James and whatever on Earth Baba Yega are.
Sascha Williams
Sascha Williams was branded “mad” by Ant McPartlin after his death-defying BGT audition.
Amy Marie Borg
The 16-year-old student from Malta sung classical piece Nella Fantasia in her first audition. She marks herself as nine on a scale of one to 10 of nerves, but will her performance be confident?
Noel James
In his first audition, Noel, a 52-year-old exam invigilator and comedian from Wales, brought a guitar on stage – before promptly putting it down and performing without it.
What are Baba Yega? Even after watching their performance we're still not sure. They're Belgian dance/performance artists who are mildly terrifying to say the least…
Olena Uutai
All we'll say about Olena's act is that she makes a lot of horse noises. You have been warned.
Marty Putz
In his first audition, inventor and comedian Marty covered Simon in toilet roll. What else is there to know?
DVJ (Diversity Junior)
Advertisement
A dance group guided by Diversity's Ashley Banjo – who won the competition back in 2009.
The Britain's Got Talent semi-finals are Monday to Friday at 7:30pm on ITV
Back for its 13th year, Halloween Haunt at Canada's Wonderland has returned for a fright filled night of fun. Tim Bolen brought along a few changes of clothes and toured the haunted area.
Two men suspected of a carjacking in Connecticut were killed early Monday when the stolen car crashed into a synagogue following a police chase.
New Haven Police told Fox61 they responded to the carjacking report shortly after midnight. The victim told officers the men had approached him and one of them claimed to have a gun. The victim gave the men his wallet and cell phone before the thieves took off in the victim's 2005 Toyota Highlander. The victim was not injured.
A little more than an hour later an officer spotted the stolen car, called for backup, and began pursuing the suspects. Once reinforcements arrived, police tried to stop the car, only for the driver to take off again.
Minutes later, police came upon the Highlander, which had crashed into the Congregation Beth El Keser Synagogue. Both men were pronounced dead.
The suspects' names have not been released. New Haven police say the investigation has been turned over to the Connecticut State Police and the state's attorney's office.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Click for more from Fox61.com.
Why killings persist in Zamfara, by Gov Yari
Zamfara State Governor, Abdulaziz Yari yesterday explained reasons behind unending killings especially in the remote areas of the state.
Yari lamented that the bandits are using more sophisticated weapons that government security operatives are using.
The state government, he said is finding it difficult to tackle he bandits because they are the only people that are conversant with the areas.
Yari disclosed this today in Zamfara when he hosted the Nigeria Union of Journalists, (NUJ), delegation led by the National President, Waheed Odusile on a democracy dividends media tour of the state.
He informed the journalists that: “As I am talking to you today we do not have any helicopters that can respond to any distress call. We need roads to travel. Before you cannot speed your car more than 20 kilometers per hour and the bandits took that advantage to also attack people on the road.”
The governor who expressed sadness about the development in the state emphasized the need to have state police to assist the federal police whom he described as inadequate to protect lives and property.
His words: “The reason why the bandits becomes difficult to tackle is because they are the only people that are conversant with the area. They are using the transport and weapons that Conventional securities are not using. And we do not have sophisticated weapons like them. I know the need of my people.
“We are matured for the state police. Now we are having serious problem in tackling the bandits. If you look at our problems today, we are internal security problems. And the police are the right people to provide intelligence, but it appears the police are either not too clear about the situation, or they are not adequate to tackle the problem of insecurity. We are concern about the number of the Nigerian police because they are very inadequate to tackle this security problem.
“If we are given the opportunity to have the state police after all we are paying the police men with us here that are on additional duties, given them many other things only arms we are not buying for them. But all the logistics of transportation we have been providing it for them. So if we can do that then we can take up the other responsibilities. We do not want the Federal Government to use the police against the opposition. So we are ripe enough for state police because it will compliment the efforts of the Federal Government.
“There was an incident that happened in 2013 where we got intelligent report that people are planning a attack in one of our villages called Kwangiga and the information came to us two months before the attack. The information was given through the police headquarters and the then state commissioner of police brought that letter to me that the bandits are on there way and that we need to increase the patrol and the police men in that area and I said he should go ahead. And they brought about two units in addition to the one unit that was there. Numbering about 180 mobile policemen in that area. After two months when I was about to travel out of the country, the commissioner came to me that he received signal yesterday to withdraw the all the policemen. I told him not to withdraw them and he said ok sir.
“I then traveled to Ukraine before I came back the then minister of state finance called me about what has happened in the state and if I was aware and I said no. To my surprise the policemen were withdrawn and the bandits entered the village and killed 44 people. This is why I am in support of state police because if the police commissioner knows that I will fire him he will not withdraw the police men. After that he was transferred and promoted to AIG.”
When asked if President Muhammadu Buhari deserves re-election, Yari said Mr. President should be voted back to power adding that he has tried by rescuing the economy of the country.
He said: ” Buhari has performed well and he deserves second term. Look at theirs sued of bail out fund to states.”
The NUJ president, Waheed Odusile praised the governor for his efforts at ensuring security in the state among other developmental projects.
He urged him not to rest on his oars at making the people further enjoy the dividends of democracy.
The post Why killings persist in Zamfara, by Gov Yari appeared first on The Nation Nigeria.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The Nation Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
18:06 Reported News Briefs Tevet 4, 5777 , 02/01/17 Tevet 4, 5777 , 02/01/17 Jewish children raised as Muslims light first Hanukkah candles Read more
Jewish women and their children rescued from Arab villages light Hanukkah candles for the first time since being rescued. ► ◄ Last Briefs
I have great news to share with you today! Gartner released their 2017 Magic Quadrant for Access Management (AM MQ), which shows that Azure Active Directory is placed in the “leaders” quadrant and is positioned very strongly for completeness of vision.
The AM MQ is the evolution of the Identity and Access Management as a Service (IDaaS) MQ, which was discontinued last year, and Azure AD has been in the leaders quadrant two out of the three years the service has been generally available!
Gartner 2017 Magic Quadrant for Access Management
We have worked with Gartner to make complimentary copies of the report available, which you can access here.
This amazing placement validates our vision of providing a complete identity and access management solution for employees, partners, and customers, all backed by world-class identity protection based on Microsoft's Intelligent Security Graph.
Read the entire article here, Azure AD makes the “leader” quadrant in Gartner's 2017 Magic Quadrant for Access Management! – Enterprise Mobility and Security Blog
via the fine folks at Microsoft.
COLUMBIA, S.C. — South Carolina prison officials have for years blamed cellphones for contributing to inmate violence. After a bloody riot at a maximum-security prison last weekend that left seven inmates dead, they find themselves once again asking federal officials to grant waivers and change laws to allow them to block the signals of these contraband devices.
Gov. Henry McMaster issued an executive order Monday easing hiring rules for new corrections officers. McMaster said a shortage of officers was allowing contraband to flow freely into the state's prisons, provoking often deadly inmate battles.
But some who have spent time in and around the prisons say it is not a lack of corrections officers — but the inaction and collusion of those already on the job — that has led to the abundance of contraband. Because cellphones are so plentiful, these people argue, they are rarely the cause of violence between inmates.
“From the moment I got to Lee, access to a cell(phone) was a non-issue,” said an inmate at Lee Correctional Institution who has been using a mobile phone to correspond with The Associated Press for the past several months via social media. “You see the guys out in the common areas … with their phones, and nobody bothers (them). The drugs and cellphones are so plentiful that almost NO fights or stabbings are about that — at all.”
The inmate has been communicating with the AP on condition of anonymity due to a fear of reprisal from other inmates and punishment from authorities. The Lee Correctional Institution was the site of last weekend's deadly riots.
Elizabeth Franklin-Best, a criminal defence attorney who has represented many inmates housed in South Carolina's prison system, confirmed the prisoner's account.
“They all have them,” she said, referring to inmates and cellphones. She said whenever she asks clients how they get them, “the answer is the same: It's corrections officers bringing them in.”
Franklin-Best said her clients have told her that in one instance, the phones were hidden in frozen containers of soup, while in another, a prison chaplain tucked phones inside his piano.
Some officers have been charged in recent months with furnishing contraband, mostly cellphones, directly to inmates.
“I'm not saying that there aren't correctional officers who do it, or that there aren't correctional officers who will turn a blind eye to it once it's inside, but I think that it's a small percentage,” said Ryan Alphin, executive director of the South Carolina Law Enforcement Officers' Association.
South Carolina's Department of Corrections has long banned its inmates from possessing cellphones, saying they represent a top security threat because they can help inmates commit crimes, such as co-ordinating drug distribution or plotting violent uprisings like last Sunday's riot at Lee.
Cellphones are among the hottest items on a hopping black market in prison, fetching up to $1,000 apiece, the inmate said. The phones garner such a high price because, in addition to possibly facilitating crimes, they offer a way for inmates to keep in touch with family, friends and even each other, all without the supervision of prison officials who otherwise monitor outgoing communications, according to agency officials.
Inmates are hungry for a black market where they can buy and sell contraband because few have the money to pay for any privileges or items available inside the prison, said state Rep. Justin Bamberg, an attorney who has represented families of inmates killed in prison incidents. Prison jobs that allow inmates to earn a few dollars are scarce.
“The cost to an inmate to make a call from a contraband cellphone is less than it is to make a call from the prison phone,” Bamberg said. “They either have to have somebody putting money on their books for them, which a lot aren't able to do, or they have to do what they have to do on the inside to make a little money.”
In recent years Corrections officials have taken several steps to block phones from coming in: Visitors go through entry screening; netting has been installed to catch items thrown over fences; and authorities have lobbied legislators to ban drones that could serve as contraband-delivery vehicles. They also have hired local sheriff's departments and South Carolina State Guardsmen to patrol areas outside the prison.
A person familiar with the operations of the Corrections Department has told the AP that delivery trucks — which are supposed to be inspected on their way into prison — often ferry cellphones and other contraband in, making it past the two officers who are posted at the gates.
“These trucks are usually 18-wheelers full of products and boxes, impossible for even the best corrections officer to search and locate all the hidden spots, not to mention all the boxes,” said the person, who spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the issue. Once the trucks are inside, inmates unload them, take the contraband out of the boxes they are hidden in and store the contraband in the prison, with “almost no oversight,” the person said.
In the canteen where inmates can purchase snacks and toiletries, “the inmate and only the inmate is in charge of all inventory and has keys to where the product is located,” the person said.
The inmate who has been corresponding with the AP said it would be very difficult to find and dispose of all the cellphones now inside prisons.
“There are unused phones in walls, ceilings, buried outside, stashed in food, EVERYWHERE,” the prisoner said.
——
Kinnard can be reached at http://twitter.com/MegKinnardAP. Read more of her work at https://apnews.com/search/meg%20kinnard.
A suicide bomber blew up his explosives-laden vehicle Monday in a bustling market area in Baghdad, killing at least 18 people, Iraqi officials said, hours after the arrival of French President Francois Hollande to the country and amid a fierce fight against the Islamic State group.
The bomber driving a pickup truck attacked an outdoor fruit and vegetable market, daily laborers and a police checkpoint in Baghdad's eastern Sadr City district, a police officer said. Up to 25 other people were wounded in that attack, he said, adding that the death toll was expected to rise.
Two medical officials confirmed the casualty figures. All officials spoke on condition of anonymity as they were not authorized to release information.
No group has immediately claimed responsibility for the attack, but it had all the hallmarks of the IS group, which has staged multiple similar attacks in the past. The group claimed responsibility for Saturday's suicide attack in a central Baghdad market, which killed at least 28 people, and Sunday's suicide bombing at a checkpoint south of Baghdad that killed at least nine people.
Iraq witnesses near-daily attacks, including in Baghdad, which have been frequently claimed by IS. Late last month, Iraqi authorities started removing some of the security checkpoints in Baghdad, mainly on its eastern side, in a bid to ease traffic for the capital's approximately 6 million residents.
The attack came Hollande started an official visit to Iraq to meet officials and French troops. During his one-day visit, Hollande met with Iraqi President Fuad Masum and Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi in the capital, Baghdad. Later, he'll travel to the country's self-governing northern Kurdish region to meet French troops and local officials.
Iraqi troops, backed by a U.S.-led coalition, are fighting IS in a massive operation to retake the northern city of Mosul. Iraqi state TV said Holland will discuss “increasing support to Iraq and the latest developments in the fight against Daesh,” the Arabic acronym for IS.
In quotes published by the Elysee official Twitter account, Holland promised that France would remain a long-term ally of Iraq and called for coordination between intelligence services “in a spirit of great responsibility.”
France is part of the U.S.-led international coalition formed in late 2014 to fight IS after the extremist group seized large areas in Iraq and neighboring Syria and declared an Islamic “caliphate.” France has suffered multiple terrorist attacks claimed by IS.
Hollande, on Twitter, said Iraq was in a precarious position two years ago, when IS made its blitz. But now the tide has turned. “The results are there: Daesh is in retreat and the battle of Mosul is engaged.”
Since the Mosul operation started on Oct. 17, Iraqi forces have seized around a quarter of the city. Last week, the troops resumed fighting after a two-week lull due to stiff resistance by the militants, bad weather and thousands of civilians trapped in their houses.
In an interview with The Associated Press on Sunday, the senior U.S. military commander, Brig. Gen. Rick Uribe, praised the Iraqi forces fighting mainly on the eastern side of the city, saying they were “at their peak.” Uribe agreed with al-Abadi's assessment that it would take another three months to liberate Mosul.
He predicted the troops would face a different fight when they cross to the west bank of the Tigris River, saying it will mostly be a “dismounted” battle fought in part on narrow streets, some of which were not wide enough for a vehicle to pass.
Mosul, Iraq's second-largest city is located about 360 kilometers (225 miles) northwest of Baghdad. While the Syrian city of Raqqa is considered the caliphate's de facto capital, Mosul is the largest city under its control. It is the last major IS urban stronghold in Iraq.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A new batch of £1 coins are said to be worth a small fortune because of a Royal Mint ‘mistake'.
Change Checker has reported that a new batch of £1 coins could have a minting 'error' on them, according to our sister paper the Manchester Evening News.
It appears that the 12-sided £1 coin die has been struck on an old round £1 coin blank.
The new 12-sided coin, designed by a Midlands schoolboy, from Walsall, entered circulation last May.
Change Checker adds that it has seen three examples of this in the past week alone so maybe they are not super rare, maybe you have one and you haven't noticed it yet.
The Mirror has also reported that types of this coin are appearing on eBay with one selling for £205 which received 22 bids.
(Image: Image: Zeki Atma/ Change Checker))
The Royal Mint still haven't verified these coins so Change Checker say the best thing to do is to send it to The Royal Mint Museum which offers a free verification service.
You get the coin back – along with their findings – a few weeks later.
Army recovers weapons, uniforms of slain policemen
The Nigerian Army says it has recovered one AK47 assault rifle and uniforms belonging to DSP Mohammed Alkali and his police orderly allegedly beheaded by cultists.
They were killed at Omoku, Ogba/Egbema/Ndoni local council of Rivers State during the December 10 re-run legislative elections.
The General Officer Commanding (GOC), 6 Division, Port Harcourt, Maj.-Gen. Kasimu Abdulkarim, disclosed this in the Rivers State capital yesterday, a report by the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) said.
Abdulkarim said troops from the division recovered the items during a raid on four militant camps and cultists' hideouts in Ujju community near Omoku.
According to him, troops also recovered assorted types of arms and ammunitions stashed away by bandits in the area.
He said: “Ogba/Egbema/Ndoni local council has over time witnessed criminal acts ranging from attacks on critical national infrastructure and brutal murder which affected economic activities of oil companies and citizens. The barbaric nature and manner of criminalities led the 6 Division to conduct a raid on December 31 on four suspected criminal camps located across the River, in Ujju community.
“In the raid, 6 Division troops in conjunction with Operation Delta Safe Special Boats Service and air component, engaged the suspected criminals in exchange of gunfire. Troops later arrested some suspects and recovered several weapons, ammunitions and uniforms, including uniforms and rifle belonging DSP Mohammed Alkali and his orderly, Sgt. Urukwu Nwachukwu.
“Our forces also recovered one AK47 rifle, two G3 rifles, five Double Barrel guns, two pistols, 31 empty AK47 magazines, 242 rounds of 7.62mm NATO ammunition.
“Others are, 322 rounds of other ammunition calibres, bulletproof jackets, seven other police uniforms, 31 handsets, Automated Teller Machine Cards (ATM) and a First Aid box.”
Abdulkarim said the clean-up operation was in continuation of efforts by the division to recover weapons from cultists and militants who refused to embrace amnesty offered by the Rivers State government.
He said that in spite of the amnesty programme, armed groups had continued to terrorise residents in Omoku town.
This post was syndicated from The Guardian NigeriaThe Guardian Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
TORONTO — Neil Young is joining his legendary backing band Crazy Horse for a pair of special performances next month.
The “Heart of Gold” musician announced on his website that he'll play shows on May 1 and 2 at the Warnors Center in Fresno, Calif.
It marks the first time Neil Young & Crazy Horse have played together since a concert four years ago in Iceland.
Young says the band won't rehearse for the show beforehand.
They'll be joined by E Street Band guitarist Nils Lofgren who confirmed on Twitter that he's signed on for the gig.
Lofgren has worked with Young on various projects over the years, and was a member of Crazy Horse in the early 1970s.
Tickets for the event are being sold through Young's website.
The Walking Dead fans are a sturdy bunch. The real fans that is. The ones that have stuck with the show through thick and thin. Through show runners coming and going, pointless cliff-hangers killing tension, and changes from the source material that have made readers of the comic cringe.
But we've stuck with it. Despite dropping ratings, particularly during the now infamous mid-series filler episodes, The Walking Dead is still racking up huge viewing figures. And series 8 might just be the moment when some of those Walking Dead fans that have dropped out of watching the show have to re-evaluate their decision.
Why? Well for one, this is ‘All Out War'. It's no spoiler to anyone that watched series 7 to say that Rick and the Alexandrians, Maggie and the Hilltoppers, and King Ezekiel and the Kingdommers (how's that for funky band names?) are on the brink of bringing war to Negan and the Saviors.
For those who complain that The Walking Dead is too slow-paced and drags its feet like its shuffling zombies, series 8 is most likely going to be a real change of gears. Even the comic picked up pace for the ‘All Out War' arc. As the conflict with Negan and the Saviors escalates, the comic started to be released twice a month instead of its regular release schedule. That means there is a hell of a lot of action to fit in before this war is over.
Negan has been a divisive figure both among fans of the comics and the show. While some people love the foul mouth and swagger of the villain, and the way Jeffrey Dean Morgan has brought him to life on screen, others have always called Negan one-dimensional, one-note, and lacking in substance.
So the producers of the show might have listened to some of these criticisms and instead of drawing the war with the Saviors over two seasons or a season and a half (as they did with The Governor), perhaps the ‘All Out War' arc will all be wrapped up in series 8. That's going to mean an action-packed, emotional and eventful 16 episodes, especially as they will be doing as they always do, and dealing with extra characters that are not in the comics (hello Jadis and the Scavenger junkyard crew).
The clearest indication that the war with the Saviors will be resolved in this series is the glimpse of Rick waking up with a longer grey beard and a cane by his side that ended the Comic-Con trailer released in July. Without giving away any spoilers for those that haven't read the comics, these final images suggest we will likely see this war come to an end in series 8.
So whether you love or loathe Negan, make the most of him, as he is definitely going to be responsible for one of the most explosive and brutal series of events that have ever appeared in The Walking Dead. In the words of Negan himself: ‘I hope you got your shitting pants on'.
The Walking Dead returns to screens on 22nd October 2017.
Are you excited for series 8? Or can you not wait to see the back of Negan?
Setting the Cam Pan up is a breeze. It only took a few minutes to sync it to Wyze's smartphone app, which pipes in livestreamed footage atop an intuitive dashboard. As with its predecessor, the software is the system's strong suit, and I was setting complex recording triggers in no time. Should it alert my phone when it detected any sound, or just when it heard the high pitch of a smoke alarm? And did I want to be notified when anything moved or should I dial down the sensitivity until only humans trip the camera? Whatever you choose, Wyze freely stores alert recordings in the cloud for two weeks.
Many of those features were available in the original WyzeCam, though. The big upgrade here is the rotation. There are several settings, like motion tracking and simple pan-and-scan, that work well enough alone or in concert to surveil an area, especially with the camera's wide 120-degree field of view. It isn't weatherproofed, so you'll have to keep it indoors, but the base is threaded for screws to allow for mounting. Maybe that means securing it on a rickety shelf, but you can also install the camera on the ceiling (there's a helpful setting to flip the footage 180 degrees so it appears right-side up).
Of course, if you're looking for a camera to keep tabs on something really expensive or precious, you probably won't skimp out and pick the $30 security solution. Wyze's devices are cheap enough for low-stakes surveillance -- say, watching to make sure pets or kids don't get into places they aren't allowed.
The Cam Pan still musters a surprisingly robust feature set for the price. It records at a respectable 1080p, capturing surprisingly sharp and colorful footage. Recording in HD fills up the integrated 128MB storage quickly, though a microSD slot lets you expand that with up to 32GB cards. Six infrared lights help shoot in darkness up to about 30 feet, and the integrated speaker lets you talk (or yell) through the app at whomever's on the other end.
The Cam Pan doesn't double as a smart home hub or Alexa speaker, differentiate people from pets or even work outdoors. But for the price of one of those more advanced security cameras, you could get two or three of Wyze's and cover more space. The Cam Pan's feature list is respectable, but its the app's complex recording criteria that make this a more robust choice than its budget price would suggest.
Bovi Shares Very Inspiring Quote On Instagram
Comedian Bovi whose show Man on Fire was in May took to Instagram on Tuesday to share an inspiring quote. There's a pattern to everything. Success, failure, sanity, madness, tranquility, chaos, the quote said. See the post below:- Source: Instagram
The post Bovi Shares Very Inspiring Quote On Instagram appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA.
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
By JACQUES BILLEAUD and SHEILA BURKEAssociated Press
A woman and her stepgrandson were swept down a remote creek in Grand Canyon National Park, but the family is holding out hope that the 62-year-old wife of a popular outdoor footwear company founder has the skills to keep them both alive until they're found, a family member said.
Lou-Ann Merrell, wife of Randy Merrell - who helped found the Merrell Boot Co. in 1981 - and Jackson Standefer, 14, lost their footing Saturday during a family trip in the Arizona park and fell into the creek. Mark McOmie, Jackson's uncle, said the water roars down through rocks, so the family is hoping the two could be on a boulder or have found a cave for shelter.
Officials were alerted when an emergency GPS locator beacon was set off below the canyon's North Rim, said Chief Ranger Matt Vandzura of the National Park Service.
The National Park Service deployed a drone, helicopter and dozens of rescuers in an effort to find the pair. The drone footage must be analyzed for clues.
McOmie, who was not on the trip, said the Merrells are avid hikers and know the area well. He said Lou-Ann and Randy Merrell, who was also on the trip, live in Utah in a city on the eastern side of the state.
Lou-Ann Merrell is "a very experienced backpacker," McOmie said. "If they can get to a spot where they cannot be in the water and stay warm, she's got the skills needed to get them through it. The odds aren't great. But given their skills and knowledge of the area, that will probably lead to the best possible outcome."
McOmie said searchers have found their backpacks with belongings inside, which the family has interpreted with mixed feelings. He said it looks as if they were able to get their backpacks off.
"The bad part is that they don't have their gear," McOmie said.
The National Park Service said some searchers will stay in the field overnight, but may not actively search depending on conditions.
The Merrells, Standefer and the boy's mother were on a path known as Tapeats Trail when the pair fell, authorities said.
The park service said it's too early to determine what went wrong. No rain or flash flooding was reported in the area, and it was not known whether the water level was higher than usual in Tapeats Creek, a tributary of the Colorado River that runs through the Arizona landmark.
Creeks in the canyon often see higher water levels in the spring as snow melts.
The park service describes conditions in the area on its website, warning that melting snow or heavy rain can make crossing the creek impossible.
The North Rim, an area visited only by 10 percent of Grand Canyon visitors, has rapidly changing weather and visitors should be prepared for heat, cold, rain, wind or snow, the park service says.
The McCallie School in Chattanooga, Tennessee, said Jackson is an eighth-grade student at the all-boys school.
"The entire McCallie community sends its prayers to the Standefer family and all those close to Jackson as we all hope for a positive ending to this situation," the school said in a statement.
A call to Merrell Footlab in Vernal, Utah, for comment on the search wasn't immediately returned Monday evening.
___
Billeaud reported from Phoenix and Burke reported from Nashville, Tennessee.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
After killing at least 22 people in Nicaragua and Costa Rica, Tropical Storm Nate is on a collision course with the northern U.S. Gulf Coast. Southeast Louisiana, including vulnerable New Orleans, lies in the path.
The storm, which is predicted to intensify into a hurricane, should make landfall between late Saturday night or early Sunday morning. Damaging winds and flooding threaten the region from roughly Morgan City, Louisiana, to Pensacola, Florida.
Along the coast, near and just to the east of where the storm center moves ashore, a storm surge or rise in ocean water of several feet above normally dry land is expected. “Life-threatening storm surge flooding is likely along portions of the northern Gulf Coast, and a storm surge warning has been issued from Morgan City, Louisiana, to the Alabama/Florida border,” the National Hurricane Center said.
The Hurricane Center has issued hurricane warnings for southeastern Louisiana and coastal Mississippi and Alabama, including Biloxi and Mobile. New Orleans and Pensacola are under a tropical storm warning and hurricane watch. Rainbands and tropical-storm force winds could begin there as soon as Saturday afternoon.
“[P]reparations to protect life and property should be rushed to completion in these areas,” the Hurricane Center said.
While somewhat disorganized, Nate has emerged over the warm waters of the Caribbean where it has begun to strengthen. At 11 a.m. Friday, it packed 50 mph maximum winds and was centered 175 miles southeast of Cozumel. The storm is booking to the north-northwest at 21 mph.
By Saturday, after raking the Yucatán Peninsula, the storm will emerge in the Gulf of Mexico where it could gain more strength before slamming into the U.S. Gulf Coast on Saturday night or early Sunday.
While the official National Hurricane Center forecast indicates Nate will be a Category 1 hurricane at its U.S. landfall, the intensity forecast is very challenging. A range of intensities is possible at landfall.
While the storm is passing over very warm water, favorable for intensification, it will also interact with land areas over the Yucatán Peninsula as well as pockets of wind shear and dry air, which could slow the strengthening process. There is a small chance that the storm could be only a weak to moderate tropical storm at landfall along the Gulf Coast. However, because it's passing over areas of very warm water, there is also the outside chance it becomes a destructive Category 2 or 3 hurricanes.
The track forecast is more certain, and the majority of model simulations have converged on landfall between Southeast Louisiana and the Alabama-Florida border. Of course, exactly where in this zone the storm comes ashore is important, as the core of the strongest winds is likely to be fairly small and the storm's most severe hazards will tend to occur near and just to the east of where it makes landfall.
***
Around New Orleans, the main concerns are the storm surge and potential for flooding rain.
If the storm makes landfall just west of the city, it could push a surge of 5 to 8 feet above normally dry land, causing significant inundation. Landfall east of the city would reduce the surge potential some.
In a worst-case surge scenario, the National Weather Service warns that “large areas of deep inundation” could occur, causing “structural damage to buildings, with some washing away.” It also said roads could be washed out with “major damage to marinas, docks, boardwalks and piers.”
Two to four inches or more of rain are forecast in New Orleans, enough to cause localized flooding, the Weather Service said. Because Nate will move through the region relatively quickly, it will limit the potential for more serious rainfall. The Advocate, a news organization serving New Orleans, wrote that several of the city's pumping stations, which help dislodge floodwaters, are not at full capacity, which could cause problems if rainfall is at the high end of projections.
The last time this part of the coastline experienced a hurricane landfall was Category 1 Hurricane Isaac in late August 2012, and Nate should produce similar impacts.
Because the worst weather is expected near and just east of the storm center, areas east of New Orleans, including Biloxi, Mobile and Pensacola, are somewhat more likely to experience serious impacts, including damaging wind gusts, a storm surge of several feet and at least several inches of rain.
After Nate crosses the coast, it is likely to carry a serious swath of heavy rainfall to the north and northeast between Sunday and early next week. The Southern Appalachians, in particular, may face a flash flooding risk Sunday and Monday – as at least 3 to 6 inches of rain could fall in a short time.
Before it gets to the United States, though, it has produced and continues producing tremendous rainfall, which is causing flooding and mudslides in Costa Rica, Nicaragua and Honduras, where – in addition to the 22 fatalities – many people are missing. It will pass over or near Cozumel and Cancun on Friday night, where tropical-storm force winds and heavy rain are likely.
34 year old woman docked for cutting neighbour's finger
A 34-year-old woman, Ada Ikart, on Tuesday appeared in an Apapa Magistrates' Court, Lagos for allegedly beating her neighbor, Justina Oke, and used razor blade to cut her finger.
Ikart, a resident of Baba Sule Str. Ajegunle, Apapa in Lagos, is standing trial on a charge of assault.
The Prosecutor, Sgt. Olusegun Kokoye, told the court that the accused committed the offence on December 24, 2016 at her residence.
Kokoye said that the fight started as a result of an argument which ensued between the accused and the complainant.
The prosecutor also said Oke reported the case to the police, adding that the accused was subsequently, arrested and charged to court.
The accused pleaded not guilty to the charge.
The prosecutor said that the offence contravened Section 171 of the Criminal Law of Lagos State, 2011.
The newsmen report that Section 171 prescribes three-year jail for assault, occasioning harm.
The Magistrate, Mr M.A Etti, granted bail to the accused in the sum of N100, 000 with two sureties in like sum.
Etti said the sureties must be gainfully employed and must show evidence of two-year tax payment to the Lagos State Government.
He adjourned further hearing in the matter to April 26 for mention.
The post 34 year old woman docked for cutting neighbour's finger appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
TAMPA, Fla. (WFLA) – After a Better Call Behnken investigation, a 22-year-old single mother who bought her first car, then watched it burst into flames hours later, now has her $3,000 down payment back.
“I'm ecstatic,” April Foster said. “I'm going to get another car and I don't owe anyone money, and thank God.”
Foster turned to Better Call Behnken after Tampa's G&D Auto Sales, where she bought the car, didn't help. In fact, the dealership still wanted her to make payments on the burned out car.
This is after she explained that she noticed smoke coming from the hood. The car filled with smoke and she frantically pulled over on the side of the highway and struggled to get her 15-month-old son out of his car seat.
“I was worried the car was going to blow up before I could get him out, so that was scary,” Foster said.
Foster needs the car to get to class at USF. She paid $3,000 to get the car and owed more than $5,000 on the loan. The final sales price was $7,800. She later learned she potentially paid nearly three times too much for the 2007 Nissan Altima.
She called Better Call Behnken for answers and we found the odometer was way off. She was told the car had 109,000 miles, but vehicle identification records show the car had at least $125,000 miles – and that recording was in February 2016.
The owner of the dealership would not go on camera. Over the phone, he said at first, the fire may be Foster's fault. He offered no help.
Hours after our visit, the dealership called Foster and said they were considering “working something out.”
Then, the next day, the dealer had a complete change of heart and said he wanted to help and felt bad for Foster, being a single mother.
The dealership refunded the full down payment amount and gave her a signed agreement, letting her off the hook for the nearly $5,700 loan.
STORIES OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON-
BACK TO TOP STORIES
The ongoing Troll Wars between Los Angeles Lakers rookies Lonzo Ball and Kyle Kuzma have already roped in Brandon Ingram, Josh Hart and LaMelo Ball. Now, thanks to Kuzma's slick video with SLAM, that ever-expanding conflict may well have inflicted collateral damage on LaVar Ball.
The very first line of that aforementioned video closely echoes one of the Big Baller Brand CEO's go-to lines.
“I always try to speak things into existence,” Kuzma says, before relaying how he used to tell his teachers about his NBA dreams when they asked what he wanted to be when he grew up.
Sound familiar?
Is this a case, then, of Kuz trolling Zo's dad? Or has the Ballfather really, truly rubbed off on his son's teammate?
Perhaps Kuz's own entrepreneurial endeavor (i.e. selling “Kuzmania” shirts) is a clue.
Ubisoft is celebrating this Valentine's Day with the multiplayer action brawler For Honor, which ships across PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and PC February 14.
The game publisher invited Jason Momoa, who knows a thing or two about brandishing real swords in projects like HBO's Game of Thrones series and the Conan the Barbarian reboot, to sharpen his virtual skills in “the art of battle” in front of a live online Twitch audience. Momoa teamed up with Game of Thrones alum Alfie Allen to take down The Walking Dead's Lauren Cohan and UFC fighter Demetrius Johnson in Burbank, CA in the virtual fight.
Momoa took a break from bulking up to play Aquaman in the stand-alone DC Extended Universe feature film, which will hit theaters Oct. 5, 2018, to catch up on what Ubisoft developers are bringing to life in this latest original game franchise. For Honor lets players choose from an assortment of powerful fighters, including Vikings, samurai and medieval knights, to battle to the death within fantasy backdrops.
Momoa, who's currently featured in the Netflix fur trading series Frontier, will reprise is role of Aquaman in Justice League on Nov. 17, 2017. The actor talks about his upcoming films, and explains why he prefers real sex to the virtual kind, in this exclusive interview.
What's a favorite video game memory you can share from playing games at any point in your life?
I'm kind of a virgin and I just popped my cherry today, if you will. I'm not the biggest gamer, and to tell you the truth we never really did have a TV at my house, so this is definitely my first time playing anything, but I loved it. I was a bit of an ass in the game today. I acted like a total asshole. I get a little too passionate. You should see me. I'm sitting here with Demetrious Johnson right now talking about the game. I'm on an adrenaline rush from this game. It's like I'm a total spastic.
What are your thoughts about how far gaming has come today and what Ubisoft is doing with this For Honor game?
It's just like watching a movie, man. I feel like I'm right there. As far as the visuals, it's amazing … I kind of caught myself watching a little movie that they made and it's better than the movies I've been in …”
What's your take on the whole Twitch livestreaming phenomena that you were just part of and how it's allowing anyone with a web cam today to become a celebrity?
I mean, it's great for them. It's bad for me because now the whole world sees me as a dumbass, but as far as being in your home and you can make a profession out of it, good for them. And it's pretty cool that you can play it all around the world. I think it's awesome.
What do you feel it adds to, especially you not being a gamer, to have that connection with people in real time that you don't get starring in movies like Justice League or the Netflix series Frontier?
I mean it's pretty impressive. I've played with everyone in the room, but as an actor it's just pretty amazing to be communicating with someone around the world and to be playing that game. Also, it lets you know how small the world is. It's kind of scary a little bit, but it's cool that you can be playing someone in Australia or you can be playing with someone in Japan. It's amazing.
Batman has had a lot of cool video games over the years. What would the Aquaman video game be if you were in charge?
“I read the Aquaman script and let me just put it this way, I've never seen a movie that's anything like this.”
I read the (Aquaman) script and let me just put it this way, I've never seen a movie that's anything like this. It's going to be a world that you've never seen before, which is really cool. We went to space, we traveled all over different worlds, but we never went underwater. So it's just a really cool spin on what's below and it uses a lot of great movies that I already love — whether that be Raiders of the Lost Ark to Star Wars to Lord of the Rings to Romancing the Stone. It has a lot of really cool adventure, it's funny and heroic, and there are a lot of different characters and a lot of different worlds that we get to go to. So I've never really seen anything like it. I think it would be an absolutely amazing game and that would be the greatest character in the world.
How did staring in Game of Thrones help prepare you for stepping into the DC Extended Universe with Justice League?
Zack Snyder is a huge fan of Game of Thrones and I met him in the training stunt facility that I train at and I guess he really liked me because he later called me into his office and we talked about playing Aquaman. He had a really cool vision for what he wanted to do and how he wanted me to look. It's kind of Zack's baby.
Conan the Barbarian was always a bad ass. Aquaman, not so much. What do you feel your own background in playing heroes has done for making Arthur Curry cool for a new generation?
Well, I think that's really fucking hard, John, because I'm getting made fun of a little bit. But the cool thing with Aquaman is how it taps into the native culture and that's something that we're only taught a little about, so there are a lot of interesting things. I really think it's the right time. It's really cool. Zack is one of those perspectives on it and DC is really getting behind it. It was a ballsy step. They did it, and I'm extremely happy with the world they've created. It's an honor to be part of this.
It wasn't that long ago when ‘Entourage' was creating the parody Aquaman movie with James Cameron directing it and now everyone's looking forward to you making this movie.
Yeah, well I read the script and just started training for it and I can't wait. I've spent a lot of time in this industry so I'm excited to put all my energy into it and completely fuck some shit up.
I've read that you're a big outdoors guy and Ubisoft has made some cool virtual reality video games. What are your thoughts about virtual reality allowing anyone to scale Mt. Everest or fly through Paris by putting on a headset?
I do like doing things in life. That's one of the reasons why I think it was really cool to be here and learn so many worlds and interests and things. I mean I'm an actor, so I get excited by learning those things and using little tidbits that I can … If you're in a small town somewhere and you can go and visit Paris, you can go to the top of Everest that's just cool. It's worth it because you become more educated in something. Personally, if I have the option to go outside, then yeah. I mean virtually, I could probably have sex on the internet, but I don't. I just enjoy the real thing. Some people that are just into the old-school shit — that's me. But I'm down for new things.
HCC's director of works Zvenyika Chawatama told the Daily News that the traffic jungle that Harare's central business district (CBD) has become was a result of motorists who are disregarding municipal police because they lacked arresting powers.
“The congestion in the CBD can be eased if we are assisted by law enforcement from the ZRP. If the police could be returned on the roads it would ease the way motorists move around and reduce unnecessary congestion,” he said during an inspection of sections of the city's road network going through rehabilitation.
HCC's head of traffic, Judith Mujegu, said council has been lobbying government to have arresting powers but they are yet to get a response.
“We need our municipal police to have arresting powers because right now their hands are tied. We want our police to have the power to issue fines and arrest offenders for the various traffic offences. Right now offenders can do what they want because they know that the city does not have the muscle to arrest them,” Mujegu said. – DailyNews
Photo: Eduardo Parra / Getty Images
By Annie Reuter
An emotional video of a young boy talking about the pain of being bullied has gone viral and many artists including Rihanna, Katy Perry, Snoop Dogg and Cardi B are standing up for him.
Related: Katy Perry, Catholic Church Win $10 Million in Convent Case Lawsuit
“Just out of curiosity, why do they bully?” Keaton Jones, a Tennessee native, asked in the video. “What's the point of it? Why do you find joy in taking innocent people and finding a way to be mean to them? It's not okay.”
He explained that kids make fun of his nose and during lunch they pour milk on him and throw food at him. The video was shot by Jones' mother after she picked him up from school when he told her he was afraid to go to lunch.
After viewing the clip on social media, Katy Perry, Cardi B, Snoop Dogg, Hailee Steinfeld, and others provided words of encouragement to Jones.
“#KeatonJones Hero!!! Thank you young KING for inspiring us all who have been in your shoes at any capacity!” wrote Rihanna on social media. “If you have, or currently are going through any form of bullying, my heart and my prayers go out to you! Bullies…y'all corny!”
“This broke my 💔today. Please be kind to one another,” Katy Perry wrote in a caption for Jones' video.
“Say lil Man U gotta friend in me for life hit me on dm so we can chop it up love is the only way to beat hate,” commented Snoop Dogg.
Zedd and Cole Swindell offered tickets to their concerts while Hailee Steinfeld invited Jones to be her guest at the Pitch Perfect 3 premiere.
See the best artists reactions below:
#KeatonJones Hero!!! Thank you young KING for inspiring us all who have been in your shoes at any capacity! If you have, or currently are going through any form of bullying, my heart and my prayers go out to you! Bullies...y'all corny! A post shared by badgalriri (@badgalriri) on Dec 11, 2017 at 4:36am PST
This broke my 💔today. Please be kind to one another. #standwithkeaton A post shared by KATY PERRY (@katyperry) on Dec 10, 2017 at 2:56pm PST
Say lil Man U gotta friend in me for life hit me on dm so we can chop it up love is the only way to beat hate 👊🏾☝🏾 A post shared by snoopdogg (@snoopdogg) on Dec 10, 2017 at 7:50am PST
Hi @Lakyn_Jones, could you pass this message along to Keaton? ❤ https://t.co/3l8P4fKAqW —
Hailee Steinfeld (@HaileeSteinfeld) December 10, 2017
buddy next time I make it home to Knox I'm going to walk into that lunchroom with you and watch the bullies say the… twitter.com/i/web/status/9… —
Kelsea Ballerini (@KelseaBallerini) December 10, 2017
I'm so Sad and angry like I'm OD hot 😡😪Please teach your kids not to be bullies .Teach them how to be tough 👊🏽but not too pick on others —
(@iamcardib) December 10, 2017
Hey, @Lakyn_Jones .. bring your brother Keaton by the bus before my show in Knoxville, TN next month if ya want.. w… twitter.com/i/web/status/9… —
Cole Swindell (@coleswindell) December 10, 2017
Stay strong Keaton. Takes a lot of courage to send such an honest message like this to the world. For anyone being… twitter.com/i/web/status/9… —
Brothers Osborne (@brothersosborne) December 11, 2017
Hey Keaton Jones, I'd like to invite you to be my guest at any show of mine of your choice. I'll cover ur flights a… twitter.com/i/web/status/9… —
(@Zedd) December 11, 2017
Chitral — We are entering the new year 2017 with the usual backbreaking baggage that we never resolve to shed, come what may. We are entering the new year with liabilities and hangups, hangovers and ‘things to do' of all sorts. Whether we would be able to handle our baggage by shedding it (or some of it) does not seem likely for the time being at least.
We are entering 2017 with usual self deception. Our religious preachers are still saying that if we recite Durood Sharif all our sins will be washed away, or if we go for tableegh or for Haj we will free ourselves from our past sins. We are still being sermoned about the evils of alcohol but not of dishonesty and hypocricy, we are still being sermoned about hating those who do not conform to the sermonizer's version of Islam instead of loving all human beings. We are still being told that just being a muslim is enough to get into heaven implying no need to tread the tough path of honesty, truthfulness, uprightness and refrain from forbidden rizq e haram.
Our political leaders are likely to take us for a ride this year too. They live their lives in Distant lands, their wealth, their children, their interests stashed out there but come to lead and rule uswith impunity. Our political leaders have not done anything to improve the system. Even glaring sins like the plea bargain system has not been challenged by any political leader, nor has any substantial improvement in the election system been pursued by politicians.
The Pakistani people are likely to live in the same environment (isi tankhwa may kaam karainge). Half hearted, half baked reforms may be seen here and there but the essence ofthe malignant system will continue to reign with strength. — CN Editorial, 02 Jan 2017
The 12-year-old boy from Kaiapoi who was reported as missing has been found safe and well this afternoon.
Police would like to thank everyone who reported possible sightings or expressed concern and support for his family.
12-year-old boy Khanye Harimate had not been seen since Monday afternoon, he has now been reunited with his family.
NEW YORK (AP) — Watching NFL football games on your phone used to be mainly limited to Verizon customers. Soon anyone will be able to watch football games on the go for free on Yahoo's app, now that Verizon owns Yahoo.
But people who want to watch football through online-TV services like Sling will have more problems. An NFL game on ESPN will still be blocked on the Sling app on a phone — and starting next season, on tablets, too. Verizon apps will have the exclusive rights on phones and tablets.
Verizon bought Yahoo in June and is trying to build a digital ad business to rival Facebook and Google. Verizon's multi-year deal with the NFL takes effect in January. Playoffs will stream on Yahoo, Verizon's app go90 and the NFL's own app.
GENEVA — The U.N. human rights chief is lashing out at the “refusal” of some at the U.N.'s Human Rights Council to refer to Rohingya Muslims as such, calling it a sign of disrespect for the “terrible violations” they have faced.
Zeid Ra'ad al-Hussein provided an update Wednesday on the plight of the Rohingya in Myanmar, after more than 720,000 fled to neighbouring Bangladesh since last August amid a violent security crackdown. He was updating a report from his office that relayed accounts from fleeing Rohingya who said killings, enforced disappearances and house-burnings continue in Myanmar
He reiterated his call for the U.N. Security Council to refer Myanmar to the International Criminal Court.
Many Buddhists in Myanmar — a member of the council — call the Rohingya “Bengalis” and say they migrated illegally from Bangladesh, even though they have lived in the country for generations.
Much of the plot of Game of Thrones was prompted by an act of awful curiosity in the show's very first episode, when Bran Stark was pitched from the height of a Winterfell tower after accidentally witnessing siblings Jaime and Cersei Lannister engaging in a traditionally very non-sibling act. (They were having sex.) The incestuous relationship between Jaime and Cersei was immediately framed as taboo, for the obvious no-no of brother and sister getting it on, as well as villainous. They crippled a child to prevent him from tattling; they also began the process of murdering then-king Robert Baratheon's bastards, so that nobody would find out that his blonde-haired, so-called heirs were actually fathered by the recessive gene-bearing Jaime.
That Jaime and Cersei were set up as the show's initial villains was an obvious choice: They're very hot and very bad. But as the years went on, Jaime was forced to shed his Kingslayer persona, and become more of a hero. He lost a hand; he was nice to Brienne; he freed Tyrion; he showed sympathy to enemies like Brynden Blackfish and Olenna Tyrell, fighting them not out of malice but because of the necessary calculus of war. Cersei, of course, continued to act terribly. Still, their relationship took on a more positive context: Jaime, now chastened by his life experiences, was shown as the one person who could calm his sister down from her furious rages. He was loving, both emotionally and physically. And as Cersei became queen, she abandoned the charade that she wasn't boning her brother, appearing openly with him in bed.
During last night's episode, “Eastwatch,” their rehabbed relationship reached its apotheosis: Cersei revealed to Jaime that she was newly pregnant with their child. (Fourth time's the charm!) Her face, framed up close, was hopeful and exuberant. Jaime was emotional as well. “Who will you say is the father?” he asked. “You,” she replied with a smile. His throat gulped; they kissed passionately; it was very romantic. In the middle of so much turmoil, they were just a guy and a girl trying to love each other, as they had since birth.
Lest we view Cersei and Jaime's situation as an outlier, this season has continued to heavily point toward another romantic coupling between siblings, that of Daenerys Targaryen and Jon Snow. Jon, as we learned at the end of last season thanks to Bran's tree wizard powers, is not Ned Stark's bastard but the legitimate son of Rhaegar Targaryen and Lyanna Stark. That makes Daenerys, the sister of Rhaegar, his aunt. Nevertheless, since meeting at Dragonstone, they've made heavy doe eyes at each other, and had a hot-and-heavy tour through some cave art underneath the island, in which they touched each other's arms and shared some more meaningful looks.
Two interactions in “Eastwatch” strongly hint at the future coupling. First, Daenerys returns back from a successful trip burning her enemies alive, and finds Jon staring out from some Dragonstone cliff. Her dragon drops down to the ground, and approaches him calmly. Brave Jon Snow takes this as a sign to remove his glove, and pat Drogon on the nose. Drogon breathes with the contentment of a domesticated animal, leading Daenerys to make an approving face–she, a mother, has for the first-time met someone that her children seem to approve of. (In fact, Drogon probably smelled the Targaryen blood in Jon's veins, but there's no way for her to know that.)
Then, Jon beats a hasty retreat from Dragonstone in order to enact his honestly ill-advised plan to bring a living white walker back from beyond the Wall, in order to show Cersei as proof they should stop trying to kill each other before the zombies kill everybody. As he's about to step on the boat leading them away from the island, he makes a wry remark about how, if he dies an awful death beyond the Wall, “at least you won't have to deal with the King in the North anymore.” Daenerys hesitates for a moment pregnant enough to birth a thousand fanfictions before replying: “I've grown used to him.”
If this isn't explicit foreshadowing that they're going to make out, it almost certainly sets up a scene where Jon will realize he and the Dragon Queen are related, forcing him to deal with his feelings. “Damn, it's weird that I want to bone my aunt,” he'll say to someone, probably Ser Davos. Or maybe… he won't? Maybe he and Daenerys will consolidate the North and South by echoing Jaime and Cersei, and having steamy sibling sex. There might not even be the same taboo: Nobody knows he's a Targaryen except Bran, anyways, and no one can understand Bran these days anyway.
Incest is a necessary part of Game of Thrones history: the Targaryens married their siblings, Tywin Lannister married his first cousin, the wildling Craster marries his daughters, and so on. Still, these characters are traditionally antagonists. Jaime and Cersei's relationship, once villainous, has been framed positively enough that it's normalized in the viewer's eyes. It's weird, but it's consumed the length of their lives, and it's a narratively complicated relationship with consequences that have continually pushed the plot forward.
On the other hand, the Jon and Daenerys courtship is wholly invented by the show, which has pushed far ahead of the books. In some ways, it's a natural conclusion–at this point in the show they are the most prominent and morally sound male and female protagonists, and it would be natural for them to end together. What other choice do the writers have but to tease the idea that they may fall in love? Some of the show's audience is surely thrilled by the prospect; the creators want you to explicitly believe it's a possibility. How the show chooses to deal with their relationship will surely be another bit of intrigue as the shows hurdles toward its conclusion. At the very least, they've got more important things to worry about.
10 ads that stand out during Super Bowl 52
NEW YORK (AP) — It's Super Bowl ad time again. Advertisers of all stripes are vying for the attention of the 111 million viewers expected to tune in. The goal is to be the most-talked about ad over the water cooler — or Slack chatroom — come Monday morning.
From Steven Tyler de-aging for Kia to Amazon's imagining of different voices for Alexa, here are 10 ads that are likely to be talked about. And if you're not interested in tuning it to watch the big game on Sunday, you can stream all of these ads ahead of time.
Amazon
The internet giant's founder, Jeff Bezos, stars in this 90-second comedic ad showing different celebrities including chef Gordon Ramsay, actress Rebel Wilson, singer Cardi B and actor Anthony Hopkins subbing in for the voice of Amazon's voice assistant Alexa.
Budweiser
Anheuser-Busch dispenses with its usual Clydesdales and puppies and instead goes with a 60-second ad that depicts, to the tune of “Stand By Me,” the company's program to provide water to areas in need.
Bud Light
The beer brand's recent ads have centered on a Game of Thrones-like universe that uses the meaningless-but-catchy phrase “Dilly Dilly.” Now, in a 60-second ad running in the second quarter, the brand introduces “Bud Knight,” a heroic character who is ambivalent about helping out in a battle.
Coca-Cola
The soda maker strives to include everyone in its 60-second ad: people of different ethnicities, someone in a wheelchair and a person who uses the/them pronoun are all shot at various locations in Mexico clutching or drinking different varieties of Coke.
Doritos & Mountain Dew
The two Pepsico brands have linked spots that show a lip sync battle between Peter Dinklage, who lip syncs a Busta Rhymes song as a representative for Doritos Blaze, and Morgan Freeman, who lip syncs a song by Missy Elliott for Mountain Dew Ice.
Febreze
Procter & Gamble's air freshener tackles toilet humor with a 30-second ad airing in the second quarter. It purports to be a documentary about Dave, whose “bleep don't stink.” The kicker: Since your Super Bowl party guests are a bunch of not-Daves, you might want to take other precautions against bathroom odor.
Kia
The automaker has enlisted Aerosmith lead singer Steven Tyler (who last popped up in a Skittles Super Bowl ad two years ago) to promote its Stringer sports car. In the ad, he drives backward so fast that he gets younger thanks to computer-generated magic. In a nod to advertising tropes, the ad also contains a subliminal message if you watch it backward; Kia helpfully provides this version online.
Michelob Ultra
The Anheuser-Busch light beer brand has 30-second ads in the second and fourth quarters starring Chris Pratt . In one he runs and does yoga while singing along to “I Like Beer,” a remake of a country song from the 1970s.
Pepsi
The soda maker calls back to its past Super Bowl advertising efforts with Britney Spears, Michael Jackson, Celtics basketball player Kyrie Irving and Cindy Crawford in a 30-second ad airing right before the Justin Timberlake halftime show.
WeatherTech
The maker of car floor mats shows footage of its new factory being built in a 30-second ad in the first half of the game. On-screen text reads: “At WeatherTech, we built our new factory right here in America. Isn't that the way it's supposed to be?” It's the fifth consecutive year WeatherTech has advertised during the Super Bowl that all of its operations are in the United States.
TAMPA, Fla. (WFLA) — Dozens of people hit the pavement Saturday to support Meals on Wheels of Tampa.
Meals On Wheels has served homebound individuals and seniors in Tampa since 1975.
On Saturday the charity held a 5K & 1-Mile Fun Run Music Fest. The music festival is an annual event, but this is the first year of the run and walk. It was thought up by a high school leadership board.
Organizers tell us the teens saw how some of the homebound patients were unprepared during Hurricane Irma, and wanted to help.
“It took many months of planning, meetings, conference calls,” said Karina Barcenas, a member of the high school leadership board.
“They are raising this money to be able to provide a flashlight and radio to all 850 seniors and disabled neighbors that we serve,” said Meals on Wheels of Tampa Director of Programs and Partners Lauren Vance.
“It feels great because now you know when the hurricane comes they have something and are now prepared,” said Bo Blair, a member of the high school leadership board.
More than 200 people signed up for the run/walk hosted at Tampa Prep Saturday.
You can learn more about Meals on Wheels of Tampa on the organization's website.
Moving out of province and pretty much everything must go! Won't want to miss out on this one- a lot lof newer stuff, lots of kitchen, bathroom, linen,
clothing etc.
Running from 8:30am-2pm
12 Creswick Court
Barrie
2017 UTME: JAMB cancels results of 59,698 candidates
The Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board (JAMB) has blacklisted 48 Computer-Based Test (CBT) centres over their involvement in extortion and organised examination malpractices during the 2017 Unified Tertiary Matriculation Examination (UTME). JAMB's Registrar, Prof. Is-haq Oloyede, made the disclosure on Wednesday in Abuja at a news conference at the end of an enlarged meeting with external examiners and other stakeholders in the conduct of the 2017 UTME.
This post was syndicated from The NEWS. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
BOARDMAN, Ohio (WYTV) – Boardman police arrested a man for child endangering after they say he left his son inside a vehicle unattended.
Officers were called about 6:37 p.m. Tuesday to the parking lot of Gabriel Brothers on Route 224 where they found a child unrestrained inside a running vehicle.
Police located the child's father, later identified as Shawn Hamlett, 21, of Youngstown, inside the store where he was arrested.
Hamlett told police he only left the child in the vehicle for a few minutes while he returned something, according to a police report.
Police noted that the air conditioner in the car was running and the driver's side window was partially rolled down.
Hamlett could not give officer's his son's date of birth but thought that he was almost two years old.
Attempts to reach the mother of the child were not successful. The child was turned over to another family member and Mahoning County Children Services was contacted.
Hamlett was issued a summons and is scheduled to appear in court June 15.
Let's be real. It's taken way too long for companies like AMD and Nvidia to address the issue of skyrocketing GPU prices.
Thanks to cryptocurrency miners nabbing up GTX 1080s like they're gold, it hasn't been easy for the everyday gamer to build or upgrade their PC. There's been some attempt by retailers and manufacturers to get graphics cards to gamers, but it feels more like grandstanding than actually solving the problem.
The truth is that if you want to go out there and buy a new GPU, it's going to cost you way more than it should. Over on eBay or Newegg, prices for something like a GTX 1060 with 6GB of GDDR5 range anywhere from $500 to $800. If you want something like a GTX 1080, you're looking well over a thousand bucks.
The best solution to the problem might be to just put a hold on your plans to build a PC. AMD has finally announced plans to ramp up production to address the problem, and Samsung is already planning on developing chips specifically for the purpose of cryptocurrency mining. Finger crossed — the issue might be solved by the end of 2018, but a lot of that depends on the rollercoaster ride of bitcoin values.
However, there is another option. We recently reviewed the Dell XPS 8930, a modest desktop PC that looks nothing like a gaming tower. Beneath the surface, our review configuration came with a GeForce GTX 1060 with 6GB of GDDR5 that dominated our benchmarks and tests. It might not do 4K gaming at 60 frames per second, but most people will be pretty happy with the game performance here. The entire system costs $1,000, while the graphics card itself will cost you almost $800 on its own.
Want to do one better? Go over and check out the new Dell Inspiron 5675 Gaming Desktop, which comes the GTX 1060 with 3GB of GDDR5 and the same CPU, but starts at only $750. We haven't benchmarked the Inspiron yet, but there's no reason to think it wouldn't be in the same ballpark.
Until Nvidia, AMD, and their various manufacturing partners figure out how to fix this problem, your best bet just might be to check out one of Dell's new desktop PCs.
Kaitlyn Wylde
In a New York Times article chronicling the emotional and physical journey of Lorde's sophomore album, Melodrama, the interviewer and Lorde herself chat from the confines of a mid-town Greek diner. A diner, that Lorde explains, acted as a late-night writing retreat as she worked on lyrics for that very album.
It's a kitschy thing that interviewers do — they're always picking vegan roller coaster parks or bong glass-blowing classes to take their talent to. They try to think of places that are, if not hugely relevant to the artist, wild icebreakers. Mainly because A) celebrities are terrifying and B) writers have a small amount of time to dig up retweet-worthy sound bites. Usually I'm annoyed by the nature of this type of interview. I mean, do you really need to take Jennifer Lawrence to moonlight as a pudding factory worker to get her to say something interesting? Does Taylor Swift really need to watch a cat midwife deliver a litter of Instagram-friendly kittens in order to talk about her process? Apparently, all Lorde needed to open up, was a visit to her old stomping grounds, the Flame diner.
Something about this charmed me. Despite her wee age, Lorde is an international superstar. And if it was anyone else, I might scoff at the irony. It might seem contrived for a millionaire to spend hours in a greasy diner, in arguably one of the least thrilling parts of the city. But Lorde is low-key. She's the kid who literally became a societal royal by singing about never being one. She's humble. So the idea of her hunched over a ketchup-sticky formica table-top, under the unflattering neon glow of a 24/7 diner sign is free from irony for me. It sounds just about right. So right, I felt myself longing for the feeling she spoke of achieving there.
Everyone wants to look fashionable today. You never know when a photo or a video will be taken of you. You can't be sure when an image will be taken with all of the tech gadgets like smartphones and cameras out. To always have great fashion sense, read on for easy tips.
Only buy clothes that are flattering to your figure. Do not think that you must have every fashion trend that is available, even if it does not look good on you. No matter how trendy an item is, if it is not flattering to your figure, don't consider buying it.
Ask your family how they feel about the way you dress. Tell them that you are considering changing the way you dress and that you would like some constructive feedback from them. They can help you figure out a style that works for you since they know the most about how you've dressed your while life.
A perfect fashion tip is to try to keep your hands as free as possible when it comes to your bag. Get a trendy looking strap to wear across your body to keep your hands free and also to add a bit of style to your outfit. It could make the difference between being clumsy and being in control.
The color of your skin should determine what color clothing you should wear. If you are very pale, avoid colors that will make you appear paler, like beiges, yellows and whites. On the other hand, if you have darker skin, lighter colors, like light blues, pinks and yellows will compliment your skin.
A good fashion tip is to start experimenting with your style if you've become very bored with your wardrobe. You can do this by simply trying out a new type of clothing that you've never worn before such as a scarf or certain kind of dress. This will definitely freshen up your wardrobe.
A good fashion tip is to start experimenting with your style if you've become very bored with your wardrobe. You can do this by simply trying out a new type of clothing that you've never worn before such as a scarf or certain kind of dress. This will definitely freshen up your wardrobe.
If you have old apparel that you don't like anymore, donate them. You will clear up space in your closet and help people that are less fortunate as well.
For a fun and simple daytime look, wear your hair in a casual up-do. Use an accessory that coordinates with your outfit to hold most of your hair in place. Allow some gentle pieces to fall out and frame your face. You will feel cooler, and look casually appealing to everyone!
It's ok to mix up prints and colors in your fashion choices. Many people think that layering a print on top of another print is a fashion no-no, but it can work and look extremely stylish. Just make sure that your clothes have classic lines. It's when you've got multiple prints and crazy clothing shapes that the fashion police will take notice.
Always dress respectfully for the occasion. Don't wear a tube top if you're going to a wedding, and don't short to the prom. Learn to respect fashion traditions, even if you're tempted to defy them for no good reason. Is it really going to hurt to to put on that tie Mom wants you to wear to church? Showing respect in how you dress will gain you respect in return.
Don't buy clothes that don't fit you, vowing to yourself that you'll "get into them." While it's an admirable goal, it rarely works out that way. The vast majority of women never do "get into them," and just end up wasting money on sometimes expensive clothing. Lose weight first; then go shopping.
When purchasing jeans, go for timeless looks. For example, classic straight leg or boot cut jeans never go out of style. Opt for either of these styles in either a dark denim or slightly faded to remain in style throughout the years. By opting for these styles, you will always be in style no matter the current fashion.
WIth everything that you learned about fashion today you should feel a lot better about how you look every day. There is a lot you can do to improve your image and to make people look at you a few times as they pass by. Best of luck impressing people with your fashion sense.
GREEN BAY, Wis. — Green Bay Packers running back Ty Montgomery is listed as doubtful to play against the Dallas Cowboys on Sunday because of broken ribs.
Montgomery got hurt in last week's win over the Chicago Bears. He appeared to be wearing a flak jacket under his jersey while practicing on a limited basis this week.
Backup running back Jamaal Williams, who hurt his knee in the Bears game, was dropped from the injury report on Friday and should be available against Dallas.
Receiver Davante Adams was listed as questionable. He remains in the concussion protocol following a helmet-to-helmet hit by Bears linebacker Danny Trevathan, though he has been moving around well at practice.
Also questionable are offensive tackles David Bakhtiari (hamstring), Bryan Bulaga (ankle), cornerback Davon House (quad) and defensive tackle Mike Daniels (hip).
“I'm ready to roll,” Daniels said on Friday.
All four starters were limited this week, though they were moving well in practice following a long weekend off.
“Good. Real good. I'm happy with the progress that we've made health-wise. We're getting better,” coach Mike McCarthy said about the health of Bakhtiari and Bulaga.
Starting outside linebacker Nick Perry was also dropped from the injury report on Friday. He is playing with a large protective cast around his injured right hand.
——
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP–NFL
Brace yourselves! Poldark series four is coming and if the first sneak peek at the series is anything to go by we can expect plenty of romance when we return to Cornwall.
Advertisement
The BBC gave us a delightful first look at the new series on Valentine's Day, celebrating some of the most romantic moments to come – including a brand-new tin bath scene.
It might be #Poldark, but share this with the Pol-light of your life. #ValentinesDay ❤️ pic.twitter.com/pioFNhBzXE — BBC One (@BBCOne) February 14, 2018
Fans will be thrilled to see Ross and Demelza looking loved up, as we already know that the upcoming series won't be an easy one for the show's central couple, Ross and Demelza. She gave into temptation with Hugh Armitage in the series finale, which ended with a bittersweet scene of Mr and Mrs Poldark in bed together contemplating their future.
“They might start off a bit rocky and they might try to figure things out,” said Aidan Turner at the Radio Times Covers Party. “It's a very real relationship, these things can happen in a marriage.”
Advertisement
Turner is hopeful that his and Tomlinson's portrayal of the troubled couple's attempt to get back on track in the “tempestuous” fourth series will resonate with viewers. “I think we tackle it in a very real way,” he said. “It's something an audience will understand.”
Nigeria initiates investors' match-making platform – Minister
Nigeria is set to establish a match-making data base for international business interconnectivity and stress-free investments, says Foreign Affairs Minister Geoffrey Onyeama.
Onyeama told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Abuja on Monday that the 119 Nigeria missions abroad would serve as one-stop shops to spur investments through information sharing and elimination of bottlenecks.
He said the initiative would enable Nigeria's products and investors to access the world market easily and also enable foreign investors have unfettered access to informed and genuine information concerning business opportunities in Nigeria.
The minister explained that the scheme would be implemented through a matching-making data base aimed at promoting exports and enhancing the country's Foreign Direct Investment (FDI).
According to Onyeama, the design is an economic diplomacy which is a framework to address the severe economic challenges facing Nigeria.
He said that Nigeria has representations in 119 countries and the ministry could leverage on the advantage to deliver concrete economic benefit to the nation.
“It is a pet project. It is a matching making data base for our Foreign Direct Investment (FDI) and export promotion.
“So this data base will essentially enable any Nigerian business to upload to our data base that could be managed from Foreign Affairs together with the ministry of trade and investment,” he said.
He said all the information needed about what they want to export and investment types would be readily available in all the119 countries where Nigeria has presence.
“I felt that when we have presence in 119 countries it is fantastic advantage to push Nigerian products and businesses in 119 countries.
“So we would like to present a one-stop shop to export Nigerian goods.
“And that whenever any business is uploaded in each of their countries they have to seek for partners and match that business person with a partner in that country to put in places a business agreement,” he explained.
The minister said he would like same be done in inversely and conversely, so that any foreigner who wants to get involve in business in Nigeria not knowing the country can also upload on the data base.
According to him, such people can access all the information about what they might want to deal in and we together with ministry of trade we match them with Nigerian businesses.
Besides, he said the scheme would also save Nigerian businessmen from going through all kinds of bottlenecks and paying all kinds of fees in foreign countries.
“We feel it that way because we have a lot bottlenecks in a lot of Nigerian businessmen trying to do business outside the country, so many bottlenecks.
“So if we can provide them a very simple access what we call it is market access.
“We have the markets in all these countries, so that our business people and traders have the world at their finger-tips,” he said.
Onyeama said that his ministry was also looking at how to utilise the same method to attract more FDI into Nigeria.
He said that Nigerians in the Diaspora would also be able to utilise the data base to search for partners in Nigeria and other countries.
This post was syndicated from The Guardian NigeriaThe Guardian Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Nigerian Navy not recruiting now – Official
The Navy warned against fraudulent recruitment websites.
The post Nigerian Navy not recruiting now – Official appeared first on Premium Times Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from Premium Times Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Quick and easy recipes Haven't cooked yourself a meal since school started? These two recipes from a McMaster professor and student are impossible to mess up and cost-effective
Recipes by Dr. Kee Young and Gabi Herman
Prof. Yong's Chinese Green Vegetables
I will share with you how to prepare Chinese green vegetables, either with Bokchoi, Chinese Broccoli either Kailan or Yoy Choy. These are vegetables you normally order at any Chinese restaurants that normally charge you between $7 to $10 when you can actually cook it yourself for less than $2. This is not only a simple and nutritious dish but also extremely cheap compared with what you have to pay at any Chinese restaurant.
Ingredients
Bokchoi
Chinese Broccoli (either Kailan or Yoy Choy).
Mushroom or oyster sauce
Vegetable or olive oil
Fried shallots
1 Tbsp of sugar
Directions
Wash and rinse the vegetables. Set up a pot and boil the water. Add in one tablespoon of vegetable oil. Add in one tablespoon of sugar. Once the water boils, throw in the vegetables for a minute or you see the water is boiling again. With a Chinese colander, lift­­ — up the vegetables and rinse them underwater. After you have rinsed the vegetables, return them to the boiling water but only for a maximum of 10 seconds. Rinse the vegetables and set them on a plate. Now the sauce. Dress them using any hoisin sauce – mushroom or oyster sauce which you can easily buy from any Asian supermarkets – fried shallots and either vegetable or olive oil.
Gabi's Vegetarian Lentil Shepherd's Pie
Last summer, I discovered a generic-looking student cookbook at a book sale in Toronto. The recipes were mostly generic as well, and only ever used salt and pepper.
I found this recipe for a lentil shepherd's pie in there, and mostly ignored the directions. I ended up with a warm, filling shepherd's pie that kept well in the fridge, reheated well in the microwave and kept me fed through the exam season. For spices, I recommend thyme, smoked paprika, cumin, and cayenne powder. This recipe changes every time I make it, so please modify it in whatever way works for you. One of my favourite substitutions is using mashed sweet potato on top instead of potato.
Ingredients
For the filling:
1 Tbsp oil
1 medium onion, chopped
2 cloves of garlic
1 cup of frozen vegetable mix (something with peas and carrots)
1 cup of red or brown dry lentils
2 cups of canned tomatoes
1 cup of water
2 Tbsp of parsley
Spices to taste
For the mashed potatoes on top:
4-5 medium potatoes OR two servings of instant mashed potatoes
2 Tbsp of milk or milk substitute
1 Tbsp of butter or margarine
Salt and pepper
Directions
Heat up the oil in a large pan. Sauté the garlic until fragrant, then add the onion and spices and fry until softened. Add the canned tomatoes, water, and lentils. Bring to a boil, then cover and simmer for about 30 minutes, or until the lentils are soft. Meanwhile, cook the potatoes in boiling water until tender. Add seasoning, milk, and butter and mash them with a fork. (If you're making instant potatoes, you're in luck: follow the directions on the package.) Add the frozen vegetable mix and the parsley into the lentils, and simmer for ten more minutes. Add salt to taste, then put the mixture into an oven-safe dish. Spread the potatoes on top of the lentils with a spatula or spoon. Bake for about 15 minutes at 425° F, until the top is golden brown.
Comments
National politics and governance entered a new paradigm when President Trump came into office. Neither the Washington/New York media nor Democrats nor RINOs (Republicans in name only) have adapted to the new paradigm or even recognized it. Leaders of other nations (Russia, Iran, Syria, China, Egypt, Saudi Arabia, Afghanistan, and Pakistan) have noticed the change and are changing accordingly.
Why do those close to home fail to see the change when those from a distance understand a dramatic change has occurred? A friend has repeatedly told me it's not “I'll believe it when I see it,” but “I'll see it when I believe it!” In other words, Mr. Trump's critics have failed to “see” the new paradigm because they are incapable of believing a different paradigm exists.
It's safe to say President Trump is very different from any other president we've ever had, particularly in the modern era. He is not ideological; he's pragmatic. He's not particularly political. In fact, he cares much more about “getting things done” than following traditional political protocol to develop policies. His hometown critics are still trapped inside the box of traditional political protocol, i.e. business-as-usual aka “that's the way we've always done it.”
President Trump's critics are harping about all of his “flip flops.” Ok, this is funny and ironic! So, his critics criticized him for being too cozy with President Putin. Then, the Trump administration drew some hard lines between Russia and America, and the critics continued to criticize because he had “flip flopped.” Guy can't win with critics like these!
When Syria threatened gas attacks against its own citizens, President Obama drew a red line. Citizen Trump warned President Obama not to go into Syria. Mr. Obama denied drawing any red line. Then, when Syria used gas attacks recently, President Trump sent a message to the world that … Washington was operating under a decidedly different political and governance paradigm now. The headlines? “Flip Flop!”
Merriam-Webster defines paradigm: “example, pattern; especially : an outstandingly clear or typical example or archetype.” President Trump is certainly not following the traditional pattern of politics and governance, but he is setting a new and much more effective pattern of leadership.
President Trump is neither a Republican nor a Democrat; he's a CEO. Does it bother him that his daughter and son-in-law are registered Democrats? No. But that does bother his critics! Is the Trump administration moving the nation toward the left or more toward the right? Yes.
Frankly, it's difficult to score President Trump's pronouncements and actions in political terms like “left” or “right.” This frustrates partisan and ideological critics who so far have concluded President Trump has no plan. What about repealing and replacing Obamacare? That effort is still in the works. Remember, Democrats controlled Congress and the White House in 2009 and it still took them 14 months to pass the 2,700-page bill … so they could read it to see what was in it. Repeal and replace may take 14 months, too.
What about tax reform? How about foreign policy? What's the plan for the economy? What about new trade deals? Will we increase military presence and action in Syria, Iraq, and Afghanistan?
We're quickly approaching President Trump's 100th day in office, and critics have a lot more questions than answers. Paradigm shifts have that effect on people.
Daniel L. Gardner is a syndicated columnist who lives in Starkville, Miss. He can be reached at [email protected]
http://newberryobserver.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_DanielGardnerCMYK-3.jpg
By Daniel Gardner Contributing Columnist
Daniel L. Gardner is a syndicated columnist who lives in Starkville, Miss. He can be reached at [email protected]
Daniel L. Gardner is a syndicated columnist who lives in Starkville, Miss. He can be reached at [email protected]
AP Photo/James Brooks
MALMO, Sweden (AP) — Something high-tech is happening in the produce aisle at some Swedish supermarkets, where laser marks have replaced labels on the organic avocados and sweet potatoes. Swedish supermarket chain ICA started experimenting in December with “natural branding,” a process that uses low-energy carbon dioxide lasers to remove the pigment from the outer skins of fruits and vegetables. The laser beams create tattoo-like patterns – in this case the product's name, country of origin and code number – similar to the way hot irons brand cattle. If its test is successful, ICA, which has 1,350 stores across Sweden, hopes to cut down on the stickers and packaging it now uses to identify its organic produce. “It's a new technique, and we are searching for a smarter way of branding our products due to the fact that we think we have too much unnecessary plastic material or packaging material on our products,” Peter Hagg, the chain's senior manager for fruits and vegetables, said. ICA decided to start with sweet potatoes and avocados because their peels are not typically eaten and have a tendency to shed the stickers normally used to brand produce. But branded broccoli and engraved eggplants may not be far behind. Later this year, the chain plans to test laser-marking melons plus some items with consumable skins to gauge consumer reaction. Hagg claims lasering has no negative effects on the fruit and vegetables. “It's very delicate. Because the mark is not going through the skin in any way, it doesn't affect the quality or taste of the product,” he said. Jonas Kullendorff, a 29-year-old engineer, says he approves of the method, if it reduces packaging waste. “It's actually the first time I've seen this branding, but if it's (a) more sustainable alternative, I'm all for it,” Kullendorff said. “No, I wouldn't say it would put me off. If it's less packaging materials, that's a good thing.” Laser labeling has been used in Australia and New Zealand since 2009 and was approved for use in European Union countries in 2013, according to Eosta, the Netherlands-based produce supplier that is working with ICA to test the technology in Sweden. Eosta says it sold over 725,000 packs of organically grown avocados to the supermarket chain in 2015. Packing them required about 220 kilometers (135 miles) of plastic wrap. The avocados etched by Eosta now sit in open bins without stickers or packaging. Laser marking can't be used on all produce. Citrus fruit, for example, has the ability to heal itself, meaning the etchings would disappear after just a few hours. Packaging still is desirable in some cases to extend a product's shelf life, Hagg said. “The plastic branding – there is of course positive things with it,” he said. “But in some items it's just unnecessary, because it doesn't bring you better shelf life. It just brings you extra costs.” Central to the trial's success will be consumer response and whether shoppers are happy to eat something that's been zapped by a laser. “It's really new to me, but I think it's a really good idea (for) the environment,” Emma Jeppsson, a customer in the store, said. Produce stickers, which are made of paper or plastic along with ink and adhesives, may seem like more of an inconvenience than a source of pollution, but environmentalists say even small bits of waste have an impact on the environment. “We know there's a huge amount of waste across the supply chain before we get to the packaging we see on our shelves,” Friends of the Earth campaigner Kierra Box said.
Comments
comments
Audrey Adele Stefonik Mangles Kissinger, age 87, died June 7, 2017 in Wausau. She was born May 7, 1930 in St. Paul, Minn. Audrey was a graduate of Rhinelander High School and at age 64, graduated from UW-Whitewater.
Audrey is survived by her seven children and five step-children, Bob Mangles, Jim Mangles, Carla Mangles, Bruce Mangles, Corinne (David) Mangles Junker, Mike Mangles, Joe Mangles, Nancy Kissinger, Danny (Angie) Kissinger, Kenny Kissinger, Jane (John) Hernandez, Janet (Dale) Bucholtz; 25 grandchildren; 24 great-grandchildren and two great-great-grandchildren.
She was preceded in death by her husbands, Robert Vincent Mangles on Aug. 8, 1969 and John Henry Kissinger on Aug. 1, 2010.
Audrey's last employment was in a brain injury rehab center in Waterford, where she worked as a staff member and supervisor. Audrey was an excellent cook, but never used a recipe, so when she was asked how to make something, we were told to use “some” or a “schnook” of a certain ingredient. She enjoyed camping, gardening, walking outdoors, animals, her family, and reading. Audrey was helpful and kind to others by making soup and collecting food for the homeless and needy. Audrey was a strong woman who went through many hard times which helped her to become tough and wise from her experiences. Many had lived better lives because of her kindness. She will be missed.
A funeral mass will be held at 11 a.m. Thursday, June 15, with visitation from 10–11 a.m., at St. Kunegunda Catholic Church in Sugar Camp. (Gaffney-Busha Funeral Home)
HILLSBOROUGH COUNTY, Fla. (WFLA) – Most kids land in foster care due to child abuse or neglect, but some are there only because their parents can't provide adequate housing. In other words, because they're poor.
“The only thing that's keeping these children from their parents is an adequate living condition,” said child advocate Robin Rosenberg.
At a recent meeting of the Hillsborough Children's Board, Stephanie Bergen from the Florida Attorney General's Office counted 40 foster kids in Hillsborough County who are separated from their parents due to poverty and nothing else.
“What Stephanie is talking about is kids who've been in foster care for more than 15 months and the only thing that's keeping them from going home is the lack of housing for their parents,” Rosenberg said. “It's a community-wide crisis. It's a statewide crisis.”
Rosenberg says there are 125 foster kids statewide in the same situation. Not only does that tear families apart, but it also costs taxpayers many times more to provide foster care than affordable housing. She represents one family that costs a fortune to keep in foster care.
“$17,000 a month because you pay, in this case it's a little less than $100 a day, per child. Six kids a month,” Rosenberg said.
Rosenberg says the money stream for affordable housing can't be mingled with foster care so there is no clear answer to the problem.
“There's not really a clean mechanism to say to that family, ‘here we can give you a subsidized apartment. We can help you with your childcare, after care expenses,'” Rosenberg said.
So, this Christmas dozens of foster kids in Hillsborough County will sleep in strangers' homes or group settings, not because of abuse or neglect, but simply because their own parents can't afford to put a roof over their heads.
And taxpayers will pay royally for it.
“It's a tragedy for the children. They really suffer.”
WHAT OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON RIGHT NOW:
Roma signed off on their pre-season preparations in highly unconvincing fashion on Sunday, losing 4-1 away to LaLiga's Celta Vigo.
The Giallorossi are under fresh management in the form of vaunted sporting director Monchi and new head coach Eusebio di Francesco as they seek to improve on a second-place finish behind champions Juventus in Serie A last season.
They lost 2-1 to Monchi's former club Sevilla on Thursday, though, and left Spain with a bitter taste in the mouth following a heavy loss at Balaidos.
The visitors from Italy found themselves behind in the 16th minute when Federico Fazio gave the ball away at centre-back and then bundled over John Guidetti inside the area as he sought to recover, the centre-back giving away a blatant penalty that Iago Aspas stroked home, sending goalkeeper Lukasz Skorupski the wrong way.
Guidetti suffered an injury in the fall - later confirmed as a fractured right collarbone, which is expected to keep him sidelined for six weeks - and was replaced by Maxi Gomez, but the early change did not rob Celta of their momentum.
In the 23rd minute, the impressive Pione Sisto left two Roma players for dead near the half-way line with a cool drag back. The Denmark international then advanced towards goal, watched as the defence backed off and duly unleashed a brilliant long-range strike into the top corner.
Presentación del equipo y una buena victoria frente a la Roma! Empieza lo bueno #LaLiga pic.twitter.com/kbirTc7xOP — Sergi Gómez Solà (@gomez_sergi) August 14, 2017
It was 3-0 four minutes later, Daniel Wass shifting possession out wide on the right to Aspas, who delivered the ball to the back post, where Sisto was on hand to tuck it home.
Roma fall apart at the back again with four minutes to go before half-time, Aspas playing a one-two with Wass and bursting into the box to tuck a careful finish into the far corner of the net.
Celta eased up in the second half and Kevin Strootman was able to pull a goal back for Roma, gathering possession inside the area and stabbing home after a slick move involving Radja Nainggolan's pass and an Edin Dzeko flicked assist.
But Monchi and Di Francesco may still have some cause for concern as they seek to orchestrate a convincing display in their team's Serie A opener away to Atalanta next Sunday.
Celta's Liga campaign opens at home to Real Sociedad on Saturday.
Mission Viejo Diablos wide receiver Austin Osborne (18) runs around the Tesoro Titans defense during the first quarter at Mission Viejo High School on Friday, Oct. 6, 2017. (Michael Ares, Contributing Photographer)
Mission Viejo Diablos line backer Christian Lavalle runs the ball against the Tesoro defense during the first quarter at Mission Viejo High School on Friday, Oct. 6, 2017. (Michael Ares, Contributing Photographer)
Mission Viejo Diablos quarterback Joey Yellen looks to throw the ball to against the Tesoro Titans during the second quarter at Mission Viejo High School on Friday, Oct. 6, 2017. (Michael Ares, Contributing Photographer)
Tesoro Titans quarterback Chase Petersen throws the ball to a teammate against the Mission Viejo Diablos during the first quarter at Mission Viejo High on Friday, Oct. 6, 2017. (Michael Ares, Contributing Photographer)
Tesoro Titans wide receiver Seth Gilmore, center, runs the ball down the field against the Mission Viejo defense during the second quarter at Mission Viejo High School on Friday, Oct. 6, 2017. (Michael Ares, Contributing Photographer)
Tesoro Titans defensive back Kyle Schaefers (30) intercepts the ball in front of Mission Viejo wide receiver Austin Osborne (18) during the first quarter at Mission Viejo High School on Friday, Oct. 6, 2017. (Michael Ares, Contributing Photographer)
Tesoro Titans running back Cameron Lambi runs the ball down the field against the Mission Viejo Diablos defense during the second quarter at Mission Viejo High School on Friday, Oct. 6, 2017. (Michael Ares, Contributing Photographer)
Mission Viejo kicks off the game against Tesoro during the first quarter at Mission Viejo High School on Friday, Oct. 6, 2017. (Michael Ares, Contributing Photographer)
The Mission Viejo Diablos offense lines up against the Tesoro Titans defense during the second quarter at Mission Viejo High School on Friday, Oct. 6, 2017. (Michael Ares, Contributing Photographer)
MISSION VIEJO – Christian LaValle was everywhere in the first half of Friday night's game against Tesoro, whether it was stopping the run, or chasing down receivers after the catch.
LaValle's ability to consistently find the ball-carrier kept No. 15 Tesoro from getting into a rhythm.
Meanwhile, No. 2 Mission Viejo employed a balanced offensive attack and overcame a slow start en route to a 42-6 South Coast League win on homecoming night at Mission Viejo High.
LaValle said there was some familiarity with Titans quarterback Chase Petersen, who finished 22 of 31 passing for 172 yards and a touchdown, but also threw two interceptions.
“We just prepared, watched film and dissected every little thing they did in their offense,” LaValle said. “We just had to stick to our assignments and get it done.”
LaValle recovered a fumble on Tesoro's opening drive, which led to the first of two touchdown runs by Shaun Javier-Rhodes.
Mission Viejo's second scoring drive came after he stopped two plays for no gain to force a punt. That drive ended with a Chris Mitchell two-yard TD run and a 14-0 lead.
On the next Diablos' possession, quarterback Joey Yellen hit Olaijah Griffin on a short outside pass, but the senior UCLA commit turned upfield and burned the Titans' defense for an 80-yard TD. Mission Viejo (7-0, 1-0) led 21-6 at the half.
Akili Arnold paced the Diablos' offense once again, rushing for 181 yards on 16 carries. The work by Arnold and the offensive line opened up Yellen to find Osborne for two second-half touchdowns of 60 and 3 yards.
Yellen finished 12 of 21 passing for 310 yards and also threw an interception to Tesoro's Jake Schaefer in the endzone in the second quarter.
“It was a good night,” Diablos coach Bob Johnson said. “We started off a little slow…but we came back and played pretty well at the end. We're in good shape.”
Petersen and the Titans (3-4, 0-1) put together an 11-play, 85-yard drive capped by a one-yard TD reception by Carson Richardson late in the first half. The extra point was no good and Mission Viejo took a 21-6 lead into halftime.
Petersen also finished with 60 rushing yards on 13 carries, the bulk of which came on a 43-yard run late in the fourth quarter.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
PHILADELPHIA (AP) —
The Latest on the court order that rapper Meek Mill be released from jail on bail (all times local):
6:55 p.m.
Rapper Meek Mill is out of jail after being held behind bars for five months for probation violations.
Mill took off in a helicopter shortly before 7 p.m. Tuesday from the prison outside of Philadelphia.
The Pennsylvania Supreme Court on Tuesday directed a Philadelphia judge who had jailed him to immediately issue an order freeing him on bail while he appeals decade-old drug and gun violations.
Mill was sentenced in November to 2 to 4 years in prison for violating probation.
A team of lawyers and public relations consultants had waged an all-out battle to get him freed on bail.
Philadelphia's district attorney believes Mill should get a new trial because of questions raised about the credibility of his arresting officer.
___
4:30 p.m.
Pennsylvania's highest court has ordered a judge to free rapper Meek Mill on bail while he appeals decade-old gun and drug convictions.
The Supreme Court directed a Philadelphia judge who had jailed him to immediately issue an order releasing him on unsecured bail.
Mill was sentenced in November to 2 to 4 years in prison for violating probation.
Mill issued a statement saying his five months in jail have been "a nightmare" and thanking all his supporters.
A team of lawyers and public relations consultants had waged an all-out battle to get him freed on bail.
Prosecutors say they believe Mill should get a new trial because of questions raised about the credibility of his arresting officer.
Officials on Oct. 6, 2017 announce plans to plow the Fox River Trail in 2018 in Green Bay, Allouez and through part of De Pere.
Source: GreenBayPressGazette.com
News At Other State Sites:
1
WISCONSINREPORT.COM (WiscReport.com) is not affiliated with Wisconsin Government or any state agency, department, entity, or other website or printed publication with Wisconsin in it's name. Established in 2002, we operate completely independent from political parties and other forms of outside influence. Our Mission is to report the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth. We are WiscReport on Twitter and Facebook. A Morbizco Internet Media online publication. – WisconsinReport.com.
Learn More about WisconsinReport.com.
By Annie Reuter
The 2017 Teen Choice Awards were held on Sunday evening (Aug. 13) and one major name was missing: Miley Cyrus. The singer and actress shared her apologies with fans on Instagram that evening, explaining that while she had every intention of attending the awards show to accept her trophy for The Ultimate Choice Award, her schedule simply wouldn't allow her.
Related: Miley Cyrus Announces Title, Release Date of New Album
“To my dearest fans & all of those watching @teenchoicefox ! I want to say thank you from the very bottom of my heart for presenting me with #TheUltimateChoiceAward!” Cyrus writes. “I am beyond bummed I couldn't make it to the show as I had every intention of being there to accept and celebrate this honor! I created an unrealistic schedule for myself which leads me to this announcement!”
Then, with the grace of a veteran politician, Miley spun her apology into an act of self-promotion. “I've been tryin to keep the secret but I can't hide it any longer! My new single / music video #YoungerNow will be dropping this Friday, Aug 18th & I am sooooooo EXCITED to share it with all of you! I hope to always make people smile and shine light thru my work! I look forward to making music for the rest of my life and I'm thankful everyday for those who listen! I am sending so much love and peace into the world right now because THATS what we need most! Love Love & more LOVE!”
Cyrus wasn't the only celebrity who couldn't make it to the show. Bruno Mars accepted his Visionary Award from afar with a special video message.
Does God Believe in Trump? White Evangelicals and Their ‘Prince of Lies'
A bizarre photo op with top military leaders was punctuated by an even more bizarre set of remarks from a president whose job it is to reassure the American people.
TIME reports:
Trump's remarks occurred during a photo opportunity with senior military officials and their spouses on Thursday night. At the White House, Trump held a briefing with those leaders and a dinner afterward with them and their spouses. According to a transcript of the briefing, Trump mentioned several issues of national security facing the U.S.
“Recently, we have had challenges that we really should have taken care of a long time ago, like North Korea, Iran, Afghanistan, ISIS and the revisionist powers that threaten our interests all around the world,” Trump said. “Tremendous progress has been made with respect to ISIS, and I guess the media is going to be finding out about that over the next short period of time.”
Amid anonymously sourced reports on Thursday that Trump plans to “decertify” the Iran nuclear deal next week, the President said the U.S. “must put an end to Iran's continued aggression and nuclear ambitions.”
Reporters had not been scheduled to attend the photo op. They were called in at the last minute. And then Trump made the remarks.
“You guys know what this represents?”, asked Trump. “Maybe it's the calm before the storm…could be the calm before the storm.”
“What storm Mr. President?”, asked another reporter.
“You'll find out.”
So the White House broke a lid to summon us for photo op with Trump and military. Then things got weird — Justin Sink (@justinsink) October 5, 2017
So what's the storm? Iran? North Korea? The only thing for sure about Trump's remarks is that they were creepy AF.
Committee Propose Amnesty To Disbanded CDA's
By Patrick Ochoga, Benin City
The Edo State Public property‎ Protection (PPP) Committee, on Wednesday proposed an amnesty period for members of the outlawed Community Development Associations (CDAs), to enable them return their illegally acquired arms.
Addressing journalists in Benin yesterday, Chairman of the Committee and former Inspector-General of Police, Mr. Solomon Arase, said the committee would mop up the illegal weapons on a cash-for-arm basis.
Arase who outlined the committee's terms of reference, explained that the committee which already has data of the CDA members to be rehabilitated, plans‎ to adopt a moral-suasion approach in its work.
He howe‎ver stated that there was no timeline for the amnesty, saying that after a period, those who failed to submit their arms would be treated as criminals if found in possession of illegal arms.
“The approach of the committee is to get the foot soldiers‎ but if need be we would go for the big boys who are their sponsors”, Arase said.
He explained that the committee would engage repentant CDA members in agriculture, Community work and other areas to absorb and integrate them into useful life.
Arase disclosed that the committee would interact with relevant stakeholders, including security agencies in order to have seamless operation, adding that the committee's work would be intelligence-driven, just as it intends to seek alternative dispute resolution.
“We are not averse to criticism. We urge members of the public to suggest ideas that would better our operations”, Arase said.
The post Committee Propose Amnesty To Disbanded CDA's appeared first on leadership.ng.
This post was syndicated from leadership.ng. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The state worker who sent an alert about an inbound ballistic missile to all Hawaii phones last month says he honestly thought the islands were under threat and was just trying to save lives.
The state worker who sent an alert about an inbound ballistic missile to all Hawaii phones last month says he honestly thought the islands were under threat and was just trying to save lives.
Hawaii 'button pusher' says he was '100% sure' missile threat was real
Hawaii 'button pusher' says he was '100% sure' missile threat was real
By JENNIFER SINCO KELLEHER
Associated Press
HONOLULU (AP) - A former Hawaii state worker who sent a false missile alert last month said Friday he's devastated about causing panic but was "100 percent sure" at the time that the attack was real.
The man in his 50s spoke to reporters on the condition that he not be identified because he fears for his safety after receiving threats.
He says an on-duty call that came in on Jan. 13 didn't sound like a drill. However, state officials say other workers clearly heard the word "exercise" repeated several times.
"Immediately afterward, we find out it was a drill and I was devastated. I still feel very badly about it," he said. "I felt sick afterward. It was like a body blow."
He's had difficulty eating and sleeping since, he said: "It's been hell for me the last couple weeks."
The Hawaii Emergency Management Agency fired him after the incident.
The man's superiors said they knew for years that he had problems performing his job. The worker had mistakenly believed drills for tsunami and fire warnings were actual events, and colleagues were not comfortable working with him, the state said.
His supervisors counseled him but kept him for a decade in a position that had to be renewed each year.
The ex-worker disputed that, saying he wasn't aware of any performance problems.
While starting a Saturday shift at the emergency operations center in a former bunker in Honolulu's Diamond Head crater on Jan. 13, the man said, a co-worker took a phone call over the U.S. Pacific Command secure line that sounded like a real warning, he said.
"When the phone call came in, someone picked up the receiver instead of hitting speaker phone so that everyone could hear the message," he said.
The man said he didn't hear the beginning of the message that said, "exercise, exercise, exercise."
"I heard the part, 'this is not a drill,'" he said. "I didn't hear exercise at all in the message or from my co-workers."
Federal and state reports say the agency had a vague checklist for missile alerts, allowing workers to interpret the steps they should follow differently. Managers didn't require a second person to sign off on alerts before they were sent, and the agency lacked any preparation on how to correct a false warning.
Those details emerged Tuesday in reports on investigations about how the agency mistakenly blasted cellphones and broadcast stations with the missile warning.
It took nearly 40 minutes for the agency to figure out a way to retract the false alert on the same platforms it was sent to.
"The protocols were not in place. It was a sense of urgency to put it in place as soon as possible. But those protocols were not developed to the point they should have," retired Brig. Gen. Bruce Oliveira, who wrote the report on Hawaii's internal investigation, said at a news conference.
Hawaii Emergency Management Agency Administrator Vern Miyagi resigned as the reports were released. Officials revealed that the employee who sent the alert was fired Jan. 26. The state did not name him.
The agency's executive officer, Toby Clairmont, said Wednesday that he stepped down because it was clear action would be taken against agency leaders after the alert.
Another employee was being suspended without pay, officials said.
The incident "shines a light" on the state's system failures, the man who sent the alert said, adding that he believes the federal government should handle such alerts.
Testing of the alert system began in November and protocols were constantly changing, he said. "As far as our level of training was concerned, I think it was inadequate," he said.
Hawaii state Department of Defense spokesman Lt. Col. Charles Anthony declined to comment on what the former worker said.
Officials said the man refused to cooperate with state or federal investigations beyond providing a written statement. He wasn't trying to impede any investigations, he said: "There really wasn't anything else to say."
___
This story has been corrected to say a co-worker took the call, not the man who sent the alert.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
MIAMI — Jose Urena and three relievers combined on a four-hitter Wednesday afternoon, and the Miami Marlins shook off the hangover from a 16-inning loss to beat Tampa Bay 3-0.
J.T. Riddle singled, tripled and homered.
The teams took the field barely 12 hours after the Rays won a 5 1/2-hour marathon. But Urena was well-rested in his first outing since June 20, when he was sidelined by right shoulder impingement.
Urena pitched five scoreless innings and struck out six before departing for a pinch hitter after throwing 78 pitches.
Drew Rucinski (4-1) pitched two scoreless innings for his second win in the series. Brad Ziegler pitched around a walk in the ninth to earn his 10th save.
The Marlins took the series and went 5-5 on their longest homestand of the year. The Rays lost for only the third time in the past 12 games.
Riddle's RBI triple in the sixth put the Marlins ahead. The ball appeared catchable, but sailed over the head of centre fielder Kevin Kiermaier near the wall.
Riddle then scored on a fielder's choice, sliding home ahead of the throw by shortstop Willy Adames on J.B. Shuck's grounder. Riddle added his fifth homer in the ninth.
After using nine pitchers Tuesday, the Rays called up right-handers Andrew Kittredge and Ryan Weber from Triple-A Durham as reinforcements. Weber (0-1) allowed two runs in five innings.
Three Rays — Kiermaier, Daniel Robertson and Jake Bauers — started after playing all 16 innings Tuesday. They went a combined 0 for 11.
TANTRUM
When the Rays' Carlos Gomez returned to the dugout after striking out in the second inning, he took three swings at a cooler, and the resulting thuds could be heard throughout the ballpark. Gomez then punched another cooler, which sent cups flying over the dugout railing.
Despite all that solid contact, Gomez is batting only .195. He was jeered in subsequent at-bats by the crowd of 7,572.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Rays: RHP Chris Archer (left abdominal strain) felt fine after a rehab start and could rejoin the rotation as early as Monday against the Tigers. … LHP Vidal Nuno (right hamstring strain), who earned the victory Tuesday and contributed two hits before he was hurt, went on the 10-day disabled list. … RH Wilmer Font (right lat strain) was transferred to the 60-day DL.
Marlins: OF Lewis Brinson (left hip inflammation), batting only .186, was placed on the 10-day disabled list. … 3B Martin Prado (left hamstring) and 1B-OF Garrett Cooper (bruised right wrist) are expected to be activated for the upcoming series at Washington. … Miami recalled LHP Dillon Peters from Triple-A New Orleans.
UP NEXT
Rays: Following a day off, the Rays play a three-game series at the Mets, with their starter Friday to be announced.
Marlins: RHP Pablo Lopez (1-0, 3.00), who beat the Mets in his major league debut Saturday, is scheduled to start Thursday when Miami opens a four-game series at the Nationals.
——
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
NEW ORLEANS (AP) — The 8-year-old niece of pop star Britney Spears, who was injured in an all-terrain vehicle accident, still isn't well enough to return to school but was able to take Valentine's Day treats to her class in Louisiana Tuesday.
Eight-year-old Maddie Spears-Aldridge is the daughter of Spears' sister, actress and singer Jamie Lynn Spears.
According to a post on Jamie Lynn Spears' Instagram account, the girl was happy to see her friends again. Jamie Lynn Spears wrote that her daughter still isn't ready to go back to school but doctors cleared her for the Valentine's Day visit.
The Tangipahoa Parish Sheriff's Office says Maddie was submerged in a pond inside the all-terrain vehicle Feb. 5 and nearby family members couldn't free her. An ambulance service arrived and pulled her out.
She was released from the hospital last Friday.
ALBANY, N.Y. — Pauly Paulicap had 13 points and 13 rebounds, Rich Williams added 10 points and 11 boards and Manhattan beat Siena 51-47 on Friday night.
Zane Waterman's layup with 2:38 left gave the Jaspers (11-13, 6-6 Metro Atlantic Athletic Conference) the lead for good at 49-47. A Manhattan turnover with 15 seconds left gave the Saints (7-17, 3-8) a chance to tie or go ahead with their final possession. Paulicap blocked Ahsante Shivers' layup attempt out of bounds with 2.1 seconds left. Zavier Turner stole it from Siena's Thomas Huerter Jr. on the ensuing inbound play and added a pair of free throws to cap the scoring.
Manhattan trailed by nine points at halftime before erasing its deficit with 11 straight points to lead 42-39 just past the midpoint of the second half.
Kadeem Smithen led Siena with 18 points, Evan Fisher scored 10, and Prince Oduro had 12 rebounds to go with six points.
COLUMBIA, S.C. (AP) — A South Carolina woman who spent two months chained inside a large metal container says her captor raped her daily and bragged that he was good at killing, claiming that his victims tallied nearly 100.
Kala Brown says she did what she had to do to survive.
“He told me as long as I served my purpose, I was safe,” Brown told Phillip McGraw, the host of the television show “Dr. Phil.”
It was the first time she has talked publicly since her Nov. 3 rescue, which authorities say helped them solve seven killings in the area dating back 13 years. Police said Todd Kohlhepp, a real estate agent with his own firm until his arrest, killed Brown's boyfriend, a couple who had been missing nearly a year and four people at a motorcycle shop in 2003.
Brown said she and her boyfriend had gone to Kohlhepp's rural property Aug. 31 to help him clear some underbrush. She'd cleaned houses for him previously to prepare them for sale. After the couple followed him to a two-story garage on the 95-acre property in Spartanburg County, Kohlhepp handed them hedge clippers and bottles of water. He said he needed to get something inside and came out shooting, Brown said.
He shot Charles Carver three times in the chest, she said. He gagged Brown and handcuffed her ankles and wrists. Kohlhepp took her to a “pitch black,” 30-foot-long storage container nearby, chained her by the neck in a back corner and raped her, she said.
He “let me know that if I tried to run, he'd kill me. If I tried to hurt him, he'd kill me. If I fought back, he would kill me. And then he raped me,” Brown said in episodes that aired this week. “He would rape me twice a day, every day.”
The days evolved into a pattern, she said.
He took her to the garage twice a day, where she ate, used the bathroom and was allowed to bathe every other day using a washcloth and a small plastic bowl of water. But she was never unchained, she said.
“He would put more chains on before he took other chains off,” she said.
Kohlhepp, 45, faces murder, kidnapping and weapons charges. He is not charged with sexual assault. Spokesmen for the sheriff and prosecutor declined to address the rape allegations or whether more charges are forthcoming. His attorney did not return messages.
The Associated Press normally does not identify victims of sexual assault but is naming Brown after she publicly identified herself.
The day after her rescue, investigators found Carver's body in a shallow grave on Kohlhepp's property. Brought to the site in handcuffs, Kohlhepp showed authorities the graves of the couple missing since December 2015. Kohlhepp told Brown he held that woman captive, too, before killing her.
Police said Kohlhepp acknowledged the grisly 2003 cold case after authorities granted him several requests, including letting him speak to his mother.
Brown said Kohlhepp told her he killed Carver because “it was easier to control someone if you took someone they loved.”
She thought Kohlhepp was infatuated with her and didn't want to kill her, even saying he would let her go and give her money “if he ever got old and sick,” she said. He explained Stockholm syndrome, in which a hostage starts feeling sympathetic toward their captor, and said “it would kick in and we'd be happy together.”
He twice let her see parts of the property beyond the garage and container, including once chained to a four-wheeler.
“I had been in a dark, small, enclosed space and couldn't move more than a few feet. I was thrilled to be outdoors,” she said.
When Brown heard people talking outside the container the morning of Nov. 3, she panicked, thinking maybe he had brought someone else. When she realized help had come, “I started screaming and hitting the walls,” she said.
“I knew my family would never stop looking, but he was so careful, I couldn't see how I could be found so soon. I was scared it really wasn't happening,” she said. “And when they finally got the door open and I saw the police uniforms, I was relieved.”
WHAT OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON RIGHT NOW
>> back to WFLA.com for more top stories
The fun part of predictions is that we get to revisit them at the end of the year. They always say that hindsight is 20/20, so let's take a peek at what my predictions authors pulled together from our previous IT industry predictions from 2016.
Let's touch on some of the key items to see how things went in 2016. First,
The Rise of Cloud and Denting Traditional On-Premises Footprints
It's tricky to find the numbers that are an honest way to provide the story about who is winning the cloud versus on-prem war. It's kind of interesting that we even see it as a war, but in a world where the cloud-native folks are driving the bus forwards and the server huggers are running to try to get a ride, we have to step back and see what the real effect is.
Read the entire article here, Looking back on the 2016 IT Industry Predictions
via the fine folks at Turbonomic!
Ted Turner quickly became known throughout baseball for his hands-on approach to ownership with the Atlanta Braves. On this day in 1977, Turner was suspended by Major League Baseball for tampering with Gary Matthews during free agency.
When Ted Turner purchased the Atlanta Braves in 1976, the franchise was far removed from their glory days. They had not made the playoffs since 1969, typically languishing towards the bottom of the National League West. Turner, however, demanded a quick turnaround and was not willing to be patient while the Braves developed players. While not quite George Steinbrenner, he went through three General Managers in that first season, and he put himself into the midst of the team's decisions.
Naturally, Turner freely spent money on free agents, looking to turn the fortunes of the team around. He did so with Andy Messersmith, and then with Gary Matthews, in the early days of free agency, hoping to find the needed pieces to get the Braves back into the playoffs. Matthews, however, came with a cost beyond any monetary amount.
Prior to Matthews officially become a free agent, Turner began to court the outfielder, attempting to induce him to head to Atlanta. Those efforts worked, as he signed a five year, $1.2 Million contract with the Braves. However, Turner was also fined and suspended for tampering, being banned for a year.
More from Call to the Pen
Naturally, Turner appealed his suspension, and did succeed in getting it reduced. However, he was not done battling the powers that be in baseball that year, as he earned the ire of National League president Chub Feeney after attempting to manage the team during the season.
For his part, Matthews proved to be a solid addition. He had a respectable .283/.362/.438 batting line in 1977, hitting 17 homers and stealing 22 bases. Matthews would earn his only career All-Star nod n 1979 with the Braves, when he produced a career best .304/.363/.502 batting line with 27 homers and 18 steals. Then, following the 1980 campaign, he was sent to the Phillies for Bob Walk.
Ted Turner was looking to change the fortunes of the Atlanta Braves almost immediately when he purchased the team. Instead, he found himself quickly on the bad side of Major League Baseball.
This article originally appeared on
BISMARCK, N.D. — Tourism and business officials in the Dakotas are bracing for poor pheasant hunting this fall when they typically expect hundreds of millions of dollars in economic activity.
The worst drought in recent memory this past summer has depleted the population of the popular game bird in the two states, with bird numbers down by nearly half from last year in South Dakota and down nearly two-thirds in North Dakota. The two states are considered among the best pheasant hunting areas in the nation by the Pheasants Forever conservation group.
In North Dakota, where 500,000 pheasants killed is the benchmark for a successful hunting season, “we're not going to get anywhere close to that,” state Wildlife Chief Jeb Williams said as the Game and Fish Department prepared for the season opener Saturday. South Dakota's opening day is two weeks later.
Pheasants are big business in the Dakotas, attracting hundreds of thousands of hunters. They spend an estimated $60 million per year on average in North Dakota, according to state Tourism Division data. In South Dakota, pheasants are an even bigger economic boost, with hunters spending nearly $250 million last year, according to the state Game, Fish and Parks Department.
“Many communities in southwest and south central North Dakota depend on the influx of hunters to sustain their businesses, so we are hopeful hunters will continue to make the annual pheasant hunting trip to North Dakota,” state Tourism Director Sara Otte Coleman said.
Her office will “encourage hunters to come and enjoy the experience and tradition of pheasant hunting with less emphasis on bagging their limit,” she said.
Bagging birds isn't the only attraction of pheasant hunting, said Troy Mosbrucker, mayor of Mott, which is generally considered the heart of North Dakota pheasant country.
“Some guys come because they like to visit,” he said. “They spend a week with their friends, and if they get birds, they get birds.”
“There are going to be some disappointed hunters, I can tell you that. The birds are gone,” Mosbrucker said.
That will hurt the town of about 800 people, he said.
“Our town probably doubles in size during the first month of hunting season,” he said. “Bars and restaurants, they rely on hunting season to get through the winter. The motel's getting cancellations already, and they're usually booked up through Thanksgiving.”
Stephan Stanley, who hosts about 300 pheasant hunters each season at his Ringnecks Hunting Lodge in Presho, South Dakota, said he expects business to be down about 10 per cent this year, and he expects to be one of the more fortunate ones.
“The small, individual farmers who don't have a full-time hunting business, who just have a 1,000-acre parcel, they're going to be affected the most by this,” he said. “Most large commercial operations are releasing birds” to boost pheasant numbers in their areas, he said, and they also draw hunters with other amenities such as food and camaraderie.
“There's a lot more to how good of a trip hunters have then just the pheasant population,” he said.
——
Follow Blake Nicholson on Twitter at: http://twitter.com/NicholsonBlake
The 20 Best Quotes of 2016
20) “Many white people figure that they have gotten the message that they shouldn't stereotype, that black people have a lousy history, that a lot of people aren't free of racist bias. But white people feel like they aren't bad people, and are sick of being told that they are, no matter what they do. The idea that they are bearers of a “white privilege' for which they must endlessly apologize, no matter what they do or think, likely rankles especially. They feel damned if they do, damned if they don't.” — John McWhorter
19) “In 1988 the national debt of the United States stood at $2.6 Trillion, today it is over $19.0 Trillion– an increase of 635% (and projected to reach $29.0 Trillion by 2026). On the other hand the debt of all the nations on earth has grown by only 135% since 1988.” — Steve McCann
18) “Islam has a problem with terror committed in its name that no other major religion shares at the moment. Period. End of story.” — Michael Graham
17) “If the national GOP is a vehicle for ensuring that John Boehner, Mitch McConnell and Paul Ryan have a car and driver and a Gulf emir-sized retinue, then it's very effective. If it's a vehicle for advancing conservative principles, then it's a rusted-up lemon on cinder blocks.” — Mark Steyn
16) “If you don't understand the issues, but want to do your patriotic duty, then stay home on election night, whether in the primaries or in the national election in November. Uninformed voters turn elections into a game of playing Russian roulette with the future of America.” — Thomas Sowell
15) “We expect more of our leaders, not less. Because if nothing is expected of our leaders, they will lead us astray in the name of the principles we supposedly believe.” — Ben Shapiro
14) “If the Germans don't think defending Germany is worth German money and lives, why is it worth American money and lives?” — Kurt Schlichter
13) “We all say we want accountability, but what we really mean is we want everyone else to be accountable. Very few people will actually hold themselves accountable for anything. Our Republic crumbles while we all sit around pretending we're victims of a culture we're actively creating and politicians we actively vote into office. We put torches to our own home and wonder why it's on fire. And then, surveying the destruction we wrought upon ourselves, we weep like damsels in distress, crying out for a white knight to save us. Inevitably, a charlatan in a suit of armor comes along and promises to do just that. We faint and fall into his arms, and he proceeds to immediately betray us. Then we weep again for another white knight to save us from the last one, and another comes along, and he betrays us, and we weep again, and another one comes, and so on and so on and so on and so on unto infinity.” — Matt Walsh
12) “Republican America is now so vast that a traveler could drive 3,600 miles across the continent, from Key West, Fla., to the Canadian border crossing at Porthill, Idaho, without ever leaving a state under total GOP control.” — Reid J. Epstein and Janet Hook
11) “Our universities are now the most hostile place in the country to actual thought.” — Ace
10 “You know what a gun-free zone is to a sicko? That's bait.” — Donald Trump
9) “The utter contempt with which privileged Eastern liberals such as myself discuss red-state, gun-country, working-class America as ridiculous and morons and rubes is largely responsible for the upswell of rage and contempt and desire to pull down the temple that we're seeing now.
I've spent a lot of time in gun-country, God-fearing America. There is a hell of a lot of nice people out there, who are doing what everyone else in this world is trying to do: the best they can to get by, and take care of themselves and the people they love.” – Anthony Bourdain
8) “Go out and do the work. Oscars so white! So what? Do your work. Let your legacy speak and stop complaining, man. Are we really in this for the awards? If I had thought that way – that the world was against me – I wouldn't be here now,” he said. “These whiny people that think we're owed something are incomprehensible and reprehensible to me. I don't expect acknowledgment or acceptance from white America. I'm going to be me.” – Lee Daniels
7) “Disagreement often turns into dehumanization. Too often, we judge other groups by their worst examples and judge ourselves by our best intentions.”– George W. Bush
6) “Feminism is always a lecture, never a debate.” — Stacy McCain
5) “When politeness and orderliness are met with contempt and betrayal, do not be surprised if the response is something less polite, and less orderly.” — Glenn Reynolds
4) “Whenever a politician says he searched his conscience, you can assume it was a very quick search of a very small space.” — Charles Krauthammer
3) “If you don't read the newspaper, you're uninformed. If you do read it, you're misinformed…In our society, now it's just first — who cares, get it out there. We don't care who it hurts. We don't care who we destroy. We don't care if it's true.” — Denzel Washington
2) “You don't know a tree is hollow until you push hard against it and it falls. The establishments of both parties did not know, a year ago, that they were hollow trees. They thought themselves strong because they always had been, and people think what has been true will continue. Then suddenly the tree is pushed and falls. To me that is the symbol, the image of 2016: the hollowed trees and how easily they fell.” — Peggy Noonan
1) “The press takes him literally, but not seriously; his supporters take him seriously but not literally.” — Salena Zeno on Donald Trump
AUSTIN, Texas — Jordan Spieth and Patrick Reed go from being partners to opponents in match play.
Spieth and Reed, who have a 7-2-2 record as partners in the Ryder Cup and Presidents Cup, were drawn in the same four-man group Monday night for the Dell Technologies Match Play.
The World Golf Championship begins Wednesday at Austin Country Club, where Spieth played when he was at the University of Texas.
Spieth has a 9-9-1 record in match play as a pro, going 0-5 in his singles matches at the Presidents Cup and Ryder Cup. He is 9-4-1 in the Match Play. Reed has an 8-6-2 record, and is best known for taking down Rory McIlroy in the last Ryder Cup at Hazeltine.
Spieth and Reed won't play each other until Friday. Also in their group are former Masters champion Charl Schwartzel and Li Haotong of China.
Round-robin play starts Wednesday, with the winners of 16 groups advancing to a weekend of single elimination.
Dustin Johnson, the defending champion, is the No. 1 seed for the second straight year. He has longtime friend Kevin Kisner, Adam Hadwin of Canada and Bernd Wiesberger of Austria in his group.
The opening session Wednesday has some compelling matches.
Phil Mickelson, who hasn't played since winning the Mexico Championship, opens against Charles Howell III in the first round. Howell has two PGA Tour victories, one of them in a playoff over Mickelson at Riviera.
Tommy Fleetwood faces Ian Poulter in an all-England match. Poulter has to advance out of his group to have any chance of moving into the top 50 and qualifying for the Masters. This is the final week for players to earn a Masters invitation through top 50 in the world ranking.
Poulter carried Europe to a stunning comeback in the Ryder Cup at Medinah in 2012 when he made five straight birdies to win a fourballs match, which ultimately swung momentum to Europe going into singles.
Poulter's lone victory in America was the 2010 Match Play in Arizona when it was single elimination. He was referred to as a “ninja” in match play during the draw.
“I've never gone up against a ninja in my life,” Fleetwood said, who wondered if he could find a book called “Karate for Dummies.”
He was driving to St. Andrews for the Dunhill Cup in 2012 and remembers well Poulter's heroics at Medinah.
“Hopefully, it's just a memory,” he said.
Rory McIlroy, coming of a victory Sunday at Bay Hill, gets Peter Uihlein in the opening match. Also in McIlroy's group are Brian Harman and Jhonattan Vegas.
Matt Kuchar will face Zach Johnson in the opening round. They were partners one time, losing a foursomes match in the Ryder Cup at Gleneagles in 2014.
Since going to group play in 2015 at Harding Park in San Francisco, two No. 1 seeds (McIlroy and Johnson) and a No. 2 seed (Jason Day) have won. Anything goes with 18-hole matches, though having at least three matches allows a player to recover from a bad day.
Not that it makes it any easier to pick a favourite.
“This is as hard to win as trying to pick the Kentucky Derby winner,” Pat Perez said. “I always pick the wrong horse.”
Among those skipping the event are Henrik Stenson, Justin Rose, Rickie Fowler and Adam Scott, mainly for scheduling reasons. Also missing is U.S. Open champion Brooks Koepka as he recovers from a wrist injury.
Joost Luiten withdrew with an injury. He was replaced by Julian Suri, the No. 64 seed, who plays Marc Leishman in the opening round.
The groups were determined by the top 16 seeds, and then players from the next three segments of the world ranking were added by lottery — one from Nos. 17-32, one from Nos. 33 to 48, and one from No. 49 to 64.
Charly Musonda has returned to Chelsea prematurely after an unsuccessful second loan spell with Real Betis.
The Belgian youngster joined Betis in January last year and impressed in the second half of the 2015-16 campaign, prompting the LaLiga side to extend his stay for another season.
Musonda failed to build on last year's good form, though, making just eight top flight appearances and only once featuring in the starting line-up this term.
Conte: 'Kenedy and Charly Musonda came back from their loans because they didn't play a lot.' #CFC — Chelsea FC (@ChelseaFC) December 30, 2016
The two clubs have consequently agreed to end his loan six months early.
"Real Betis and Chelsea have reached an agreement over the termination of Charly Musonda's loan spell with the Verdiblanco," a statement on the Betis website reads.
"Real Betis would like to wish the Belgian player all the best for the future."
Musonda joined Chelsea from Anderlecht at the age of 15 and is regarded as one of the club's biggest prospects, although he has yet to make his first-team debut at Stamford Bridge.
In 2016, Jeff Bezos paid $23 million for a 27,000-square-foot mansion in Washington, D.C., and the blueprints for a major renovation the billionaire Amazon founder and owner of the Washington Post is undertaking have just been revealed.
The former Textile Museum, located in the hot neighborhood of Kalorama (the Obamas and Jared and Ivanka Kushner are residents), is undergoing a $12 million and expansion that began last year, Washingtonian reports.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
The plans for Jeff Bezos's DC renovation include:
• 11 bedrooms
• 25 bathrooms
• 5 living rooms
• 2 elevators
• An extremely fabulous solarium.https://t.co/RF81zZzVYM — Washingtonian (@washingtonian) April 23, 2018
The magazine got its hands on blueprints for the renovations through a public-records request, and they show that the project includes 25 bathrooms, 11 bedrooms, five living rooms, two kitchens, two libraries, two workouts, two elevators, and a ballroom.
Bezos, who continues to use Seattle as his home base, is combining what are now two separate properties that date to the early 1900s into an East Coast pied-à-terre for his family.
When it was on the market, the listing marketed the property at 2320-2330 S Street NW as a 10-bedroom house with eight full bathrooms and six partial bathrooms. One of the houses was built in 1912 by Jefferson Memorial architect John Russell Pope, and the adjacent home was designed by Waddy Butler Wood. They are both listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Textile collector George Hewitt Myers built one of the buildings in 1912. Photos from The Brickbuilder, 1916
The Barnes Vanze architecture firm is overseeing the renovation, and Washingtonian says that, according to the documents, the Pope house "will serve primarily as the family's residence, with all the essentials for a tech-titan billionaire." There's a whiskey cellar and and a wine room, along with an exercise room, TV room, and family kitchenette upstairs.
The larger house designed by Wood holds the 1,500-square-foot ballroom, with "floor-to-ceiling Ionic fluted columns, a limestone fireplace, and a balconied promenade with iron guardrails that overlooks the space from the second floor."
Bezos, the richest man in the world, is reportedly planning to use the home to host what we expect will be some very swanky affairs.
Gov Ganduje Expresses Hope For Better 2017
Kano State governor, Abdullahi Ganduje has said despite the challenges which the country went through in 2016, he is optimistic that 2017 will be a better year for Nigerians
This was contained in the governor's New Year message signed by the state's Commissioner of Information, Youth and Culture, Malam Mohammad Garba.
He said, “The past year has indeed been not very smooth to many of us in view of the challenging realities we find ourselves in as a result of the current economic recession in the country. I am however quite optimistic that with the dogged commitment of our President, Muhammadu Buhari, to turn around the economy after many years of mismanagement, good days are very close by.
“It is no doubt that our administration, like all other states in the federation, is feeling the crunch as a result of the dwindling revenue from the federation account. That notwithstanding however, we have been able to judiciously utilize the little we are receiving along with our internally generated revenue to initiate and finance laudable and beneficial projects and programmes that positively touched the lives of the people.
“We have been doing that and we will continue to do it for the general development of Kano State.
There is no gainsaying the fact that our commitment in this direction is very clear particularly in terms of completion of inherited projects, initiation of numerous new roads and bridges, underpass and flyover, water supply, health, agriculture youth and women development, education, rural development, sanitation and environmental protection.”
He urged Kano residents to continue to pay their taxes as and when due to enable government executes more meaningful projects for the improvement of the welfare of the people.
The governor also congratulated President Muhammadu Buhari for the gallant and heroic capture of the dreaded Sambisa forest by the troops recently which signaled the final subdue of the insurgents.
He said, “It is certainly heartwarming in view of the fact that Kano State has been one of the state's worst affected by the activities of these insurgents. I must however urge people to be very alert and extra vigilante as fleeing insurgents are trying to sneak into other safe areas.
“I urge you to report any strange and suspicious person or object to the nearest security agencies.”
This post was syndicated from Nigerian News from Leadership News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
