Apple Inc.'s shares may have already soared more than 16% to fresh highs during the second quarter, but analysts are optimistic the stock has much more room to grow.
On Monday, RBC Capital Markets lifted its 12-month price target to $157 from $155 and reiterated an outperform rating. That would increase Apple's market capitalization to $824 billion from $740 billion currently. Apple's stock hit a record high of $144.77 on April 4.
Read Also: Apple approved to test driverless cars in California
RBC analyst Amit Daryanani also increased his March-quarter iPhone estimates and fiscal 2017 revenue estimates, saying trends indicate consumer preference for Apple's AAPL, +0.37% more expensive plus models, which have contributed positively to average selling prices.
Also on Monday, Mizuho Securities reiterated a buy rating and $150 target, saying it expects Apple earnings to be in-line or slightly above estimates when it reports after the bell on May 2.
While the company's third-quarter outlook “could come modestly below estimates” as consumers delay planned upgrades ahead of the iPhone 8 launch in September, its large installed base and attractive valuation make it worthy of investment despite muted expectations, Mizuho said.
See Also: Is San Francisco losing its tech talent to other cities?
Analysts at Pacific Crest were cautiously optimistic as well. Andy Hargreaves warned that checks with suppliers suggest Apple is struggling with the optical fingerprint functionality expected on the OLED iPhone, which could lead to delays or the removal of it altogether. But he maintained his bullish quarterly estimates and reiterated an overweight rating and $150 target.
Apple Loses Ground to Rivals in China (1:44) Apple is finding it hard to hold on to its slice of the Chinese smartphone market as the global giant faces tough competition from several homegrown brands -- Huawei, Oppo, Vivo and Xiaomi. Photo: Huawei/Oppo/Vivo/Xiaomi
“While this creates some risk of production delays, at this point we do not believe it materially threatens volume through the coming iPhone cycle,” he said.
The average rating on the stock is the equivalent to buy, while the average price target is $150.96, according to a FactSet survey of roughly 40 analysts.
Shares of Apple inched 0.6% higher to $141.12 in Monday afternoon trade. The stock has rallied nearly 18% in the past three months and 28.5% in the past year, outperforming both the Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, +0.74% and S&P 500 SPX, +0.71% The DJIA has gained 4% in three months and 15% in the past year.
TravnikovStudio/ShutterstockWhen it comes to answering the question, “How was your vacation?” there are two types of people: those who smile and say it was great, and those who smile, say it was great, rattle off a list of every landmark they visited, and describe the turbulence they experienced on their flight home.
If you're self-conscious that you fall into the latter group, take note: Science says you can tell a compelling vacation story—so long as you do it a certain way. And fortunately, one group of researchers from Harvard University has discovered exactly how.
For the study, which was published in the journal Psychological Science, researchers had participants watch a short video and recount it to a group of listeners. Half of the group had already seen the video and half hadn't. Each listener was then asked to rate the speaker's story.
So who enjoyed the story more? The group who hadn't seen the video before sounds like the obvious choice—of course, they'd want to hear a new and novel idea. But in fact, the group who had already watched the video found the storyteller's recounting of it more enjoyable.
“Stories leave out far more information than they contain, and listeners can typically understand a story only if they have extensive background knowledge that allows them to fill in the story's informational gaps,” the researchers wrote.
In other words, it's not the length of your vacation story that matters, but the type of ground it covers. According to the study's logic, your listeners might be more interested in hearing about the parts of your trip they can relate to, rather than vague descriptions of the exotic landscapes you visited.
“One of the most important reasons that people listen to each other's stories is to gain new information—to learn about cities they have never visited, books they have never read, and foods they have never tasted,” they state.
And if you decide to tell a story about something your listener has never experienced, make sure to include enough detail so they can feel familiar with the subject.
“We suspect that speakers often miss this mark,” they wrote, “that they worry too much about boring their listeners and not enough about confusing them.”
A young woman who had sex with her high school teacher in 11th grade is accusing school officials of failing to protect her — arguing they knew about the illicit relationship for more than a year.
Abigail Weissenbach, now 21, claims officials at Brookwood High School in Alabama allowed her to be targeted by her psychology and history teacher Joe Bradley Petrey, whom she started sleeping with in 2013 when she was a 17-year-old junior, according to her federal lawsuit.
Their relationship — which included fooling around in the classroom, having sex at hotels and breakfast dates at school — went on for a year-and-a-half, even though Weissenbach's dance teachers, Alyce Armstrong and Laurel Gilchrist, alerted administrators of the affair in late 2013 and early 2014, the documents allege.
The then-teen and teacher's relationship went public in July 2015, when more than 300 “illicit photos” of them were posted on the school's Facebook page and Twitter.
In her suit, Weissenbach said school officials' inaction “allowed Petrey to continue to sexually abuse and manipulate” her. She also accused the district of engaging in a “cover-up scheme.”
“They knew, but they didn't take any action,” Weissenbach recently told ABC 33/40. “If he was investigated, seemingly nothing happened because I sat in his classroom behind his desk every day. I didn't even have my own desk. And to tell me you don't notice a student skipping lunch to eat lunch with their teacher, spending in the mornings, sitting with him or being alone in his classroom, to not take action.”
Weissenbach — who also was sexually abused as a youngster, according to her suit — said Petrey preyed on her.
“He kind of coached me in Christianity and talked to me a lot about that and would ask me to sit behind his desk, and it really just grew from there really quickly and it turned into something before I really knew it was going down that path,” she said.
Petrey, then 28, was charged in 2015 with engaging in a sex act with a student younger than 19 after the photos were leaked — but the charges were dropped in February because Weissenbach didn't cooperate, according to Tuscaloosa News.
“After it came out and the photos were everywhere, his grip on me tightened more than it had before,” said Weissenbach. “So I was not just scared to cooperate with the police. But I felt guilty because that's what he told me. This was my fault. This was because of me. It was humiliating. I felt bad about it. And I just wanted it all to go away.”
Weissenbach said she's decided to come forward publicly and sue so others don't have to go through the same situation.
“I'm finally ready, as hard as it is, to come forward so this doesn't happen again,” she said. “Because it already happened to me and it's been terrible but I don't want it to happen to anyone else.”
The Tuscaloosa County Board of Education didn't comment to ABC 33/40.
(NBC NEWS) – A lot of us have an annual tradition of seeing all the best picture nominees before the Oscars.
There may be a way to do it and save some money.
2 NEWS Today Anchor Lauren Wood explains what some are calling the Netfilx of theaters.
Landon Collins doesn't consider last season a career year. He said he believes it merely was a starting point for what he hopes is an unforgettable career.
The third-year Giants safety is setting his hopes high — Canton high.
“My ultimate goal is to wear that gold [Hall of Fame] jacket at the end of the day,” he said Wednesday after the second of three minicamp practices.
A year after becoming the first Giants rookie to start all 16 games in nine years (Barry Cofield did it in 2006), Collins was a first-team All-Pro last season. He became the first player in NFL history with at least 100 solo tackles, two sacks, five interceptions and 12 passes defended in a single season. He also finished third in the voting for NFL Defensive Player of the Year, behind winner Khalil Mack and runner-up Von Miller.
But Collins, who ranked No. 28 on the NFL Network's top 100 players list, isn't talking about 2016 as if it was a magical campaign. He sees plenty of room for improvement, particularly in his ability to read plays faster than he previously has.
“Landon is one of those guys, I don't believe he rests on his laurels,” defensive coordinator Steve Spagnuolo said. “He's always coming to me. I don't have to chase him.”
Collins, 23, also wants to play this season at 210 pounds — which would be his lowest weight since his freshman year of college. He currently is between 218 and 220 pounds after playing at 215 last season.
“If I keep my weight down, I can fly,” Collins said. “Being able to run around the field and make plays, that's the biggest thing.”
Collins is close with Seahawks five-time Pro Bowl safety Earl Thomas — they share an agent, David Mulugheta — and Collins will be attending Thomas' football camp for kids next week in Texas. He has told Thomas he is coming after his crown as one of the best safeties in the league.
Giants cornerback Dominique Rodgers-Cromartie said he believes Collins already is “close” to being there, and he expects even more out of him this year.
“It is his [third] year, so you can only go up. The first year he came in and moved himself along, second year he took off, and now I think in the third year he is going to thrive in that role,” Rodgers-Cromartie said. “You look at safeties — he covers, he tackles, he is a general and leads. He can play this position, that position, he is not just a strong safety, but he is everywhere, so he is definitely one of the best.”
Responding to recent and widespread consumer abuses and other compliance breakdowns by Wells Fargo, the Federal Reserve Board on Friday announced that it would restrict the growth of the firm until it sufficiently improves its governance and controls. Concurrently with the Board's action, Wells Fargo will replace three current board members by April and a fourth board member by the end of the year.
In addition to the growth restriction, the Board's consent cease and desist order with Wells Fargo requires the firm to improve its governance and risk management processes, including strengthening the effectiveness of oversight by its board of directors. Until the firm makes sufficient improvements, it will be restricted from growing any larger than its total asset size as of the end of 2017. The Board required each current director to sign the cease and desist order.
"We cannot tolerate pervasive and persistent misconduct at any bank and the consumers harmed by Wells Fargo expect that robust and comprehensive reforms will be put in place to make certain that the abuses do not occur again," Chair Janet L. Yellen said. "The enforcement action we are taking today will ensure that Wells Fargo will not expand until it is able to do so safely and with the protections needed to manage all of its risks and protect its customers."
In recent years, Wells Fargo pursued a business strategy that prioritized its overall growth without ensuring appropriate management of all key risks. The firm did not have an effective firm-wide risk management framework in place that covered all key risks. This prevented the proper escalation of serious compliance breakdowns to the board of directors.
The Board's action will restrict Wells Fargo's growth until its governance and risk management sufficiently improves but will not require the firm to cease current activities, including accepting customer deposits or making consumer loans.
Emphasizing the need for improved director oversight of the firm, the Board has sent letters to each current Wells Fargo board member confirming that the firm's board of directors, during the period of compliance breakdowns, did not meet supervisory expectations. Letters were also sent to former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer John Stumpf and past lead independent director Stephen Sanger stating that their performance in those roles, in particular, did not meet the Federal Reserve's expectations.
Why it matters to you A Reddit user discovered a way to remap the Bixby button on the Galaxy S8, but that method has now been blocked by Samsung.
Only a few days after users began remapping the Samsung Galaxy S8's Bixby button, Samsung has taken steps toward blocking the action.
An app helping users remap the button was launched shortly after the device itself was released, and it wasn't all that surprising to see — the button itself is pretty much a waste of space if you don't use Bixby. In a new over-the-air update, however, Samsung is blocking the use of the button for anything other than the Bixby virtual assistant. The block was first discovered by XDA-Developers user Flar2.
The app originally came from Homeguy123 on Reddit, who appeared to have sidestepped Samsung's new virtual assistant despite being under the watchful eye of a Best Buy representative. In a short video, the user presses the Bixby button to launch Google Search — though it could theoretically call up any app or command, including Google Assistant.
The app that made all of this originally possible is known as All in One Gestures, and based on the promotional images featuring what looks to be an original HTC One, it's actually been kicking around the Google Play Store for quite a while. After enabling all the necessary permissions, including the app's accessibility service, users were able to add the button as a custom key and free it from Bixby's chains. Now, that's no longer possible.
The news of the workaround was likely somewhat unnerving for Samsung, especially considering everything the company has staked on its new virtual assistant. In March, Injong Rhee, Samsung Mobile's head of research and development, told us at the company's Suwon, South Korea, headquarters that he believes all devices that support Bixby should feature a dedicated key, and that phones are merely its first destination.
Samsung envisions a network of smart devices unified through Bixby. But that outcome is largely dependent on users adopting and becoming familiar with its assistant, the same way they have with Apple's Siri and Amazon's Alexa. Being able to avoid it this easily hinders the realization of that goal.
Updated on 04-17-2017 by Christian de Looper: Added news that Samsung had blocked remapping of button.
Abbott Labs must be getting a bad case of heartburn after acquiring St. Jude Medical in January. The Chicago-based medical device company got a warning letter from the Food and...
Pittsburgh Pirates third base coach Joey Cora (28) separates Pirates' Joe Musgrove (59) and Chicago Cubs second baseman Javier Baez, rear, as benches clear during the third inning of a baseball game in Pittsburgh, Wednesday, May 30, 2018. Baez took exception to a slide into second by Musgrove, who was out on ball hit by Josh Harrison, who was safe at first on the play. Gene J. Puskar AP Photo
By OSCAR MALIPENGA
ZAMBIA Public Procurement Authority (ZPPA) says Government followed procedure in the procurement of the 42 fire engines.
“The fire tender deal was very competitive there were 16 firms which applied but only one firm met the required standards and specifications needed,” ZPPA director-general Danies Chisenda said.
Explaining ZPPA's role, Mr Chisenda said the Ministry of Local Government followed the ZPPA procedure when it bought the 42 fire engines at US$42 million.
Mr Chisenda also explained that the ministry applied to be allowed to single source but ZPPA rejected the application.
He said ZPPA encouraged the Ministry of Local Government to open the tender to many bidders and this was done.
Mr Chisenda said as part of the process, ZPPA did receive complaints from losing bidders but they were handled legally by a committee appointed by the authority.
He said some complaints were thrown out because they lacked merit and some which were not satisfied sought arbitration.
Mr Chisenda said bidders are always allowed to seek explanation from ZPPA regarding why their bids were not successful.
He encouraged those who were complaining of the deal being corrupt to read and research to find out the truth.
Mr Chisenda was responding to a directive from Finance Minister Felix Mutati yesterday for the ZPPA to explain its role in the procurement of the 42 fire trucks at US$42 million so that the public is kept at ease.
Mr Mutati said the public needed to know what role ZPPA played in the matter (fire tender).
Mr Mutati said the public also needed to find out why ZPPA was in the process of repealing and having a new Procurement Act.
“I think it will be important to answer those questions so that the public is kept at ease,” Mr Mutati said.
He reiterated that the President would therefore not pay attention to such baseless allegations. Mr Chanda said those making unjustified allegations against the President or his Minsters and expecting him to respond to them, were just wasting their time. He said the Head of State would only pay attention to allegations were there was credible evidence. “That silly scheme has been unearthed, so on our part we shall continue to ignore such people, some of them are stationed in South Africa, another group is stationed in Asia, another one in Europe.
“The idea is to make these allegations on a daily basis and the minimum number is that there are three corruption allegations against anyone in government. Mr Chanda said it was ridiculous to accuse Government officials of corruption for acquiring wealth when they have worked hard and rightly earned it.
“One can't just wake up and accuse a Government official who has over 25 years gone to university and acquired those degrees and say that person has acquired wealth, what else do you want them to acquire? Poverty and Ignorance? No they worked hard for it,” he said.
Museum of Ice Cream sprinkles an 'environmental hazard' in Miami The brightly colored pieces have been seen on the street, where they can wash into bodies of water and be consumed by sea life.
50 Cent accidentally breaks $1,000 worth of DJ equipment Spies said the “In da Club” rapper put on a 15-song set at Miami's Ora nightclub during a pop-up party.
DJ Khaled spends birthday in Miami during Art Basel As serious collectors fled Art Basel Miami, the party people arrived in time to hit the clubs.
Gwyneth Paltrow misses Goop dinner because of LA fires Paltrow sent a note saying that she was unable to attend at the last moment due to an emergency evacuation.
'Page Six TV' parties with Karolína Kurková and Gloria Estefan Supermodel Karolína Kurková and superstar Gloria Estefan traded tales of being two hardworking mothers.
Drake performs private show for Art Basel crowd Michael B. Jordan, Amar'e Stoudemire and Timbaland were in the crowd of a few hundred.
Hannah Jeter steps out for first time since welcoming baby “I haven't really been out and about since having the baby." she told us at Art Basel.
One night in the early '70s, a singer named Betty Rhodes was performing at the New York Improv on West 44th Street, which then featured comedians and singers. Richard Pryor was there, and as Rhodes sang, he called over a waitress he knew named Liz Torres and said, “Watch this.”
He went to the bathroom and emerged minutes later completely naked but for his shoes and a tie. “He walked up onto the stage, [and stood] right in front of her for about a minute before going back into the men's room, getting dressed and returning to the bar to finish his drink,” Torres later revealed. “Here's the amazing part — the singer continued her song as if nothing happened. She didn't blink.”
That was just another night at the city's most seminal comedy club, as detailed in the new book “The Improv: An Oral History of The Comedy Club That Revolutionized Stand-Up” (BenBella Books) by Budd Friedman with Tripp Whetsell.
The Improvisation, as it was then called, opened in February 1963. Initially a place where Broadway performers could unwind and sing for friends after shows, comedians quickly became part of the mix, and it eventually became the first club in the world solely dedicated to stand-up comedy.
The list of comedians discovered or nurtured there (and at its LA branch, which opened in 1975) is a who's who of the art form, including Pryor, Robert Klein, Richard Lewis, Jay Leno, Andy Kaufman, Rodney Dangerfield and Larry David, to name just a few.
Pryor began performing there in 1964 and continued dropping by into the '70s, at the height of his fame. Improv comedians and customers got to see him at his most outrageous, and his most introspective.
One quiet night at the club, Torres, also a singer and comedian, was performing, while Pryor, at a table in the audience, had his head down, writing in a notebook. Club founder Friedman (who co-authored this book) asked Pryor to go on, and he agreed.
When he hit the stage, he told the few people there, “Tonight, I'm going to recite some poetry.” He opened the notebook, and, according to Torres, “started reciting the most incredible romantic poetry I ever heard . . . [It was] on a level with Byron or Keats. He didn't pause or hesitate for a second.”
This went on for almost 20 minutes. When Pryor left the stage, he went to the bar, leaving his notebook on a table. Torres dashed over to see what he had written. The pages were blank.
Dangerfield debuted at the club in 1966, and over the years Improv comics got a bird's-eye view of his openly debauched lifestyle.
A pre-fame Larry David… performed at The Improv, where his famously awkward nature was always on show.
Joe Piscopo recalls Dangerfield pulling up to the club “in this old Buick Electra,” which “was like a Cheech and Chong movie with all of the weed smoke coming out.” The comedy legend once showed up to the LA club blitzed, in his pajamas — he wasn't allowed to take the stage that night — and visitors to his own club (Dangerfield's, on First Avenue in Manhattan) often joined him in the basement for 3-inch-long rails of cocaine.
Comedian Robert Wuhl recalls meeting Dangerfield for the first time at his club, hoping to sell him some jokes. He knocked on the door to Dangerfield's office, heard “come on in,” and went inside.
“He's standing there in front of the sink,” Wuhl recalls in the book, “and he's wearing a bathrobe that's wide open and he's taking a leak. His d–k is on full display.” Still, Wuhl read him some jokes as he did his business and became a regular writer for him.
A pre-fame Larry David also performed at The Improv, where his famously awkward nature was always on show.
In the book, Billy Crystal recalls a night at the LA club in the late '70s. David was getting ready to go on when a woman said hello to him. What happened next sounds like a scene straight out of David's curmudgeonly HBO hit, “Curb Your Enthusiasm.”
“All of a sudden, Larry got this panicked look on his face,” Crystal recalled. “He said, ‘Oh God, that's my cousin, Billy. I can't go on. She's my cousin and I can't stand her.' ”
Friedman told him he was on next, and David took the stage. He didn't stay there long.
“As soon as he picked up the mic,” Crystal said, “the first thing out of his mouth was, ‘I can't do this, Budd. Take me off.' He was onstage for maybe 30 seconds, and it was hilarious. He just didn't like this relative.”
In 1982, Friedman launched a popular syndicated television show called “An Evening at the Improv,” which ran until 1996, and began opening Improvs around the country in 1985. The New York club closed in 1992, but today there are 22 independent Improv franchises in the US.
While the Improv might not convey the sense of wonder it once did, comedy's superstars cherish the role it played in modern stand-up, and the fun they had along the way. “Being at the Improv was like being at a big party every night,” Leno writes in the book's foreword, “where you never knew who might show up.”
Image copyright AFP Image caption Facebook secretly launched Moments in China under the name Colourful Balloons
Facebook has quietly launched a photo-editing app exclusively for China.
The app, called Colourful Balloons, was launched in May and is almost identical to the Facebook Moments app. It was spotted by the New York Times on Friday.
The BBC understands that part of the reason the app was not branded as Facebook was to study how apps organically gain users in China.
Facebook is working with Chinese app developer Youge Internet Technology.
"We have long said that we are interested in China, and are spending time understanding and learning more about the country in different ways," a Facebook representative told the BBC.
"Our focus right now is on helping Chinese businesses and developers expand to new markets outside China by using our ad platform."
The BBC has not been able to confirm whether the Chinese authorities are aware that Facebook launched the app in the country. However, the app works with WeChat, a leading messaging app by Chinese social media giant Tencent.
Image copyright Facebook Image caption Left: the Facebook Moments app on iTunes US; Right: the Colourful Balloons app on iTunes App Store China
Facebook and many other Western internet services are blocked in China, which has a strict internet censorship policy. Facebook was blocked in 2009, while its photo-sharing app Instagram was banned in 2014 and the encrypted messaging app WhatsApp was partially restricted last month
Twitter was blocked in 2009, and all Google services, including the video-sharing platform YouTube, were banned the same year.
China now has the world's largest online market with 731 million users, according to the latest statistics from the China Internet Network Information Center (CNNIC).
Google officially pulled its operations out of China in 2010 as a protest against internet censorship, but is now in talks with Beijing to relaunch its services in the country, according to CNBC.
A counter demonstrator gets a splash of water after being hit by pepper spray at the entrance to Lee Park in Charlottesville, Va., Saturday, Aug. 12, 2017. Gov. Terry McAuliffe declared a state of emergency and police dressed in riot gear ordered people to disperse after chaotic violent clashes between white nationalists and counter protestors. Steve Helber AP Photo
Serena Williams put a cryptic Instagram post that immediately made me want to buy shoes.
Be excited. Be very excited…. A post shared by Serena Williams (@serenawilliams) on Dec 11, 2017 at 6:03am PST
What are we supposed to be excited about, Serena? That you'll be back winning grand slams in 2018? That a building is being named after you? That I really need some glittery gold tennis shoes?
You're right. We all need some glittery gold tennis shoes.
WYOMING, OH (AP) — The father of an American college student released by North Korea and now hospitalized in a coma says his son was “brutalized” by his captors.
Fred Warmbier told Fox News' Tucker Carlson on Wednesday from his Ohio home that his son, Otto, “is not in great shape right now.”
“Otto has been terrorized and brutalized for 18 months by a pariah regime in North Korea,” the father said in an interview scheduled to air Thursday night.
The 22-year-old University of Virginia student was medically evacuated from North Korea and flown to Cincinnati late Tuesday. He was then taken by ambulance to a hospital.
RELATED: NKorea frees US college student; family says he's in coma
Fred Warmbier said he does not know exactly what happened to his son during his detention. He and his wife, Cindy, planned a Thursday news conference.
The public appearance will be at Wyoming High School, one of Ohio's top-rated schools. Warmbier graduated from there in 2013 as class salutatorian and had played soccer.
Residents of the northern Cincinnati suburb tied blue-and-white ribbons, the school colors, to trees near the family home. Joy at his release was mixed with concern after his parents said they were told he had been in the coma for over a year.
Former New Mexico Gov. Bill Richardson, a former U.S. ambassador to the United Nations, said there should be an investigation into what happened to Warmbier leading to this “tragic situation.”
Richardson, a Democrat, credited the Department of State with securing Warmbier's return from North Korea without any preconditions but said a forceful response from the U.S. government would be required “if its determined that there was a cover-up and Otto's condition was not disclosed and he didn't get proper treatment.”
City councilwoman Jenni McCauley said the tight-knit community was “thrilled” to have Warmbier back.
“Even though they're saddened by his condition, they're just glad for the family that he is home,” McCauley said. “For any parent, this is their worst nightmare. … We're hoping that he will be OK.”
She called him “a fabulous young man” who was known as intelligent, personable and well-liked in school and in the community.
Ellie Boettcher, a 14-year-old rising freshman at Wyoming High, where Warmbier's sister will be a sophomore, said students were elated.
“We're just really glad that he's able to come back,” Boettcher said. “Nothing really bad ever happens in Wyoming. It's kind of like a bubble. So it's really tragic. But luckily he is back, and I believe he will make a full recovery.”
Warmbier was serving a 15-year prison term with hard labor in North Korea. He had tearfully confessed to trying to steal a propaganda banner while visiting. He was released Tuesday, more than 17 months after being detained.
Such detentions in the totalitarian nation have added to tensions between Washington and Pyongyang. Three Americans remain in custody.
The U.S. government accuses North Korea of using such detainees as political pawns. North Korea accuses Washington and South Korea of sending spies to overthrow its government.
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said Tuesday that his department was continuing “to have discussions” with North Korea about the release of the other three imprisoned American citizens.
Image caption Subramania Bharati, who wrote in the Tamil language, was a literary colossus
In March 1949, the government in India's southern state of Tamil Nadu acquired the work of one of India's greatest poets. It was the first time in the world that the state had taken over the copyright of a writer and put his writings in the public domain.
Subramania Bharati, who wrote in the Tamil language, was a literary colossus. Influenced by the Romantic poets, the radical poet used the pen-name "Shelly-dasan", meaning disciple of Shelly. Much later, inspired by Walt Whitman, he wrote prose poems, possibly for the first time in an Indian language. He was also interested in haiku, the traditional Japanese poetry form.
Bharati was a maverick and remarkably progressive. He was not shy about open demonstration of affection: some of his love poems are addressed to his wife; and a grainy old picture shows the poet with his hand over her shoulder, very unusual for his time. He briefly turned atheist, and his nationalistic writings were banned for sedition by British rulers.
"He was the central figure in the making of a modern Tamil culture," says historian AR Venkatachalapathy, author of Who Owns That Song, a riveting new book on the battle for Bharati's copyright.
Much like Scottish poet Robert Burns who died at 37 leaving behind a small debt, Bharati died in poverty in 1921, aged 39, leaving behind his unlettered wife Chellamma and two daughters. By then, the radical poet had written than 700 pages of poetry - Whitman-inspired prose poems; blank verses; and couplets - and more than 600 pages of stories.
He was also fairly prolific in his stints as a journalist, writing more than 1,000 pages of articles and editorials.
Image caption Bharati wrote more than 700 pages of poetry
The government paid 5,000 rupees ($73;£55) each to Bharati's wife and daughters, and an equal amount to a half-brother of the poet for the copyright. This was a substantial amount of money in 1949. "It was a revolution in literary history. Since then no famous writer had the honour of their works freed from the claws of copyright before the lapse of the stipulated time period," says Dr Venkatachalapathy.
If Bharati and his family had held on to the copyright of his works, it would have expired in January 1972 - exactly 60 years after the author's death in accordance with the Indian laws. The fact that his copyright was put in the public domain very early on meant that the poet also gained enormous posthumous fame.
A few million copies of his books have been sold in the past six decades. A 500-page book of Bharati's poems can be bought for less than 100 rupees ($1.48;£1.11) today. Tamil movies freely use his songs, making them hugely popular. Bharati, who turned out to be major figure in help fashioning a Tamil identity, has become ubiquitous.
"I think it was a fantastic thing for the government to acquire his work and make it accessible and inexpensive. Bharati always wanted his works to be sold freely. His family was paid a generous sum by the government," Dr Venkatachalapathy told me.
Image caption Bharati, seen here with his wife Chellama, was a maverick
Bharati's works had a tortured afterlife after his death. His wife sold his works to his half-brother for a pittance. The poet's songs became popular with the advent of gramophone records and the movies. A powerful movie mogul quickly moved in and bought the poet's rights. When a filmmaker used one of his songs in his film, the mogul sued him.
This triggered an unusual controversy. Possibly for the first time in the history of literature, a popular agitation demanding the state take over of an author's work began. In 1944, Tamil writers demanded that Bharati's works needed to be "rescued from the clutches of private individuals". Five years later, the government had purchased his works. "Rather than being a violation of a legal right, this action of the state was intended as an unprecedented honour to the author," says Dr Venkatachalapathy.
Bharati is an outlier even in India. A trust held the copyright of Gandhi's writings until it lapsed and passed into public domain in 2009. Congress party leader Sonia Gandhi holds the copyright to Nehru's work until 2024. Publishers had free access to Nobel Prize-winning poet Rabindranath Tagore's works only after 1992.
Image caption If Bharati and his family had held on to the copyright of his works, it would have expired in 1972
More than 40 years after Bharati's death, his disciple and Tamil poet Bharathidasan's writings were also acquired by the government in Chennai. In 1992, the government brought the copyright to the work of former chief minister and Tamil icon CN Annadurai for more than 7mn rupees.
Since then, the government of Tamil Nadu has acquired the work of more than 100 Tamil writers. "What was once an unique honour has now been converted into a support scheme for Tamil writers. That is not a very good thing," says Dr Venkatachalapathy.
Bharati himself had railed against the state patronage of arts. "We must now begin relying on people," he wrote in a 1916 essay. "From now on support and succour for the arts will come from the common people. It is the duty of the artists to instil good taste in them. It will yield them good returns".
PRESS RELEASES
AGB announces the debut of Asia Gaming Genealogy Tree & Reunion Dinner, to replace Asia Gaming Awards on May 14, 2018.
(May 16, 2018) In lieu of the 3rd edition of the Asia Gaming Awards, Asia Gaming Brief is announcing the launch of one of its most ambitious projects – the Asia Gaming Genealogy Tree & Reunion Dinner, set to take place on Monday 14 May, 2018 at St. Regis, Macau.
The “Asia Gaming Genealogy Tree” is a significant undertaking pioneered by AGB which will serve to map out the key connections and networks within Asia's gaming industry.
An ongoing project, the Gaming Tree will identify and bring to light the network of people who have dedicated their careers to shaping the Asia Gaming Industry. Who did they work with and when, where have they gone since, and where are they now?
Whether you are new to the industry, or a seasoned veteran, the Gaming Tree will become an essential tool for identifying the keys movers & shakers in the industry and their respective networks.
As a pioneer in the industry, AGB has always been committed to constantly innovating and providing the industry with engaging projects and platforms that make a difference.
Along those lines, AGB will be replacing its existing “Asia Gaming Awards” event with the debut of the “Asia Gaming Genealogy Tree” and its accompanying Annual Reunion Dinner, set to take place on Monday 14 May at St. Regis, Macau.
Over the years, the Gaming Tree will continue to grow in tandem with the industry, with each year's update presented at the Annual Reunion Dinner, bringing together old friends and creating the opportunity for new connections.
For more information about the Asia Gaming Genealogy Tree and the Reunion Dinner on Monday 14 May, and how to be involved, email us at gamingtree@agbrief.com.
Frequently Asked Questions:
What is the Asia Gaming Genealogy Tree?
The Gaming Tree is the network of people who have dedicated their careers to shaping the Asia Gaming Industry. Who did they work with and when, where have they gone since, and where are they now?
What happens at the Annual Gaming Tree Reunion Dinner?
Every year the Asia Gaming Industry comes together under one roof to rekindle their connections, discuss their experiences and look towards the future.
The Reunion Dinner will also be charged with the induction of new members to the tree and the celebration of some of its most active members, as mentors and innovators, as well as those recognized by peers as having made an outstanding contribution to the industry.
What is the Yearbook?
The “Yearbook” is a print edition of the Gaming Tree, which will include the members of the Gaming Tree up to that year's edition.
Why should I get inducted to the Gaming Tree?
The Gaming Tree is the premier network of Asia Gaming stakeholders. You'll have an opportunity to meet and converse with the people who have shaped the industry.
How do I get inducted to the Gaming Tree?
You will need to be inducted by an existing member.
As a member of the Gaming Tree, who else can I nominate?
You can vouch for anyone with whom you have worked in the industry, as a co-worker, associate, partner, client or vendor. You will nominate a person who you deem to be an invaluable link in the chain, be it an operator, supplier, or service provider.
When and where can I nominate a colleague?
Members can nominate their colleagues to be included in the Gaming Tree throughout the year via the website/ web app.
When will a new member be officially inducted?
Every year, at the Reunion Dinner, the new members that have been nominated in the past 12 months will be announced.
How big is the Gaming Tree?
It will never stop growing! On inception, the tree grew from a number of core branches.
You'll be able to view a graphical render of the network in a dynamic, browsable format online.
A print version of the Yearbook will be published every year and distributed among the members.
Do you recognize special contributions to the industry?
Yes. The Reunion Dinner will provide an occasion to celebrate the outstanding achievements of some of its most active members, as mentors, innovators, leaders, among other special contributions. We will also host a remembrance for the Legends we have lost since the last Reunion.
How are the special contributions chosen?
Upon induction, members are prompted to nominate in the special contribution categories. Those getting the most nods from their peers will be recognized at the Reunion Dinner.
I'm not a member, why should I attend the Reunion Dinner?
The Reunion Dinner is a great opportunity to get a member to induct you! You'll share a meal with some of the most influential people in the industry – who knows what might come of that…
Who attends the Reunion Dinner?
All Gaming Tree members are invited to the Reunion Dinner celebrations.
I'm new to the industry – what are my chances?
The Gaming Tree recognizes the most influential stakeholders, no matter years of experience of age of the participant.
Where can I see the members of the tree?
Members will be able to browse the tree at online or in a copy of the Yearbook
I'm worried about my personal data….
Your data will not be shared with any third parties. Only other members of the Gaming Tree can view any private information you share.
For more information, email the team at AGB at gamingtree@agbrief.com.
Comments
FORT LAUDERDALE, Fla. (AP) — Sharon McGee never believed her father when he said her mother accidentally shot herself to death while threatening suicide 30 years ago.
So late last year, she confronted her father, James O'Neil, and demanded the truth. Her father told her a story vastly different than the one he told her — and detectives — decades ago.
According to court documents, O'Neil told his daughter her mother was threatening to kill herself. She pulled out a gun and he wrested it away from her. Verna O'Neil then said she wanted to die and her husband responded: “Let me show you how it's done” and pulled the trigger.
McGee kept her father's confession a secret for several months before going to police earlier this year, according to court documents. On Thursday, O'Neil, now 83, was charged with manslaughter. He was released Friday on $50,000 bail.
His attorney, Michael Salnick, did not return a phone call seeking comment.
According to an arrest affidavit written by Palm Beach County sheriff's Detective Paige McCann, Verna O'Neil died on July 23, 1987, from a gunshot to her face. She was 50.
James O'Neil told investigators that night that he and his wife had been arguing over her excessive drinking and his burnt dinner. He told them she was sitting on the couch when she pulled their handgun, a .357 Magnum, from beneath the cushion. He jumped on her to try to pull the revolver away and in the ensuing struggle it went off, killing her.
Sheriff's investigators classified her death as a suicide. It remained that way until McGee went to the sheriff's office in February.
She told detectives she was 28 when her mother died and had never believed her father's story. Last October, she said, she confronted him. He told McGee he had wrested the gun from her mother and then asked his wife what she wanted, according to court documents. He told McGee her mother replied that she wanted to die, so he said, “Let me show you how it's done.”
He told McGee he pried back the hammer, pointed the gun at her and pulled the trigger, but insisted the shooting was an accident, according to court documents. He told her to keep it a secret, sending her a text message that evening, “I'm believing that you will sleep much better tonight, Love Dad.”
Four months later, McGee went to the sheriff's office.
During two interviews with McCann in April, O'Neil told the detective that after threatening suicide, his wife had handed him the gun without a struggle. He said as he held it, the gun went off accidentally. He told McCann the gun had a hair trigger, meaning it could fire with a light pull, but tests performed in 1987 showed the gun required normal trigger pressure to fire.
McGee did not return a phone message left at a number listed for her.
NEW YORK: An engaged couple were removed from a United Airlines flight to Costa Rica on Saturday, as the airline remained under scrutiny following outrage caused by a video last week of a passenger being forcibly removed from a flight.
According to the couple, who said they were en route to get married, a federal marshal had escorted them from the plane before take-off from Houston, Texas, but United denied this on Sunday, saying in a statement that neither a marshal nor other authorities was involved.
The couple “repeatedly attempted to sit in upgraded seating which they did not purchase and they would not follow crew instructions to return to their assigned seats,” United said in a statement, adding “They were asked to leave the plane by our staff and complied.”
The statement from a United spokeswoman said the airline offered the couple a discounted hotel rate for the night, and rebooked them on a Sunday morning flight.
But Michael Hohl and his fiancée, Amber Maxwell, told KHOU they tried to pay for upgraded seating and were denied, after finding another passenger sleeping across their seats when they were the last to board.
After moving within the economy cabin a few rows up, flight crew denied their request to pay a supplement for the seats, which United sells as “economy plus,” and told them to move back to their original seats, Hohl said.
“We thought not a big deal, it's not like we are trying to jump up into a first-class seat,” Hohl told KHOU. “We were simply in an economy row a few rows above our economy seat.”
The airline suffered a public relations disaster after a video emerged a week ago showing security officers dragging a bloodied passenger off an overbooked United Express flight in Chicago.
Shares in United's owner, United Continental Holdings Inc. , were hammered, dropping 4 percent last week to close at $69 on Thursday, reducing the company's market cap by $770 million to $21.5 billion. Markets were closed on Friday.
Dr. David Dao, the 69-year-old Vietnamese-American doctor who was seen in video being dragged off a United flight a week ago, will likely sue the airline, his attorney said on Thursday.
After the incident triggered international outrage, United Chief Executive Oscar Munoz apologized to Dao, his family and its customers, saying the carrier would no longer use law enforcement officers to remove passengers from overbooked flights.
NEW YORK: An engaged couple were removed from a United Airlines flight to Costa Rica on Saturday, as the airline remained under scrutiny following outrage caused by a video last week of a passenger being forcibly removed from a flight.
According to the couple, who said they were en route to get married, a federal marshal had escorted them from the plane before take-off from Houston, Texas, but United denied this on Sunday, saying in a statement that neither a marshal nor other authorities was involved.
The couple “repeatedly attempted to sit in upgraded seating which they did not purchase and they would not follow crew instructions to return to their assigned seats,” United said in a statement, adding “They were asked to leave the plane by our staff and complied.”
The statement from a United spokeswoman said the airline offered the couple a discounted hotel rate for the night, and rebooked them on a Sunday morning flight.
But Michael Hohl and his fiancée, Amber Maxwell, told KHOU they tried to pay for upgraded seating and were denied, after finding another passenger sleeping across their seats when they were the last to board.
After moving within the economy cabin a few rows up, flight crew denied their request to pay a supplement for the seats, which United sells as “economy plus,” and told them to move back to their original seats, Hohl said.
“We thought not a big deal, it's not like we are trying to jump up into a first-class seat,” Hohl told KHOU. “We were simply in an economy row a few rows above our economy seat.”
The airline suffered a public relations disaster after a video emerged a week ago showing security officers dragging a bloodied passenger off an overbooked United Express flight in Chicago.
Shares in United's owner, United Continental Holdings Inc. , were hammered, dropping 4 percent last week to close at $69 on Thursday, reducing the company's market cap by $770 million to $21.5 billion. Markets were closed on Friday.
Dr. David Dao, the 69-year-old Vietnamese-American doctor who was seen in video being dragged off a United flight a week ago, will likely sue the airline, his attorney said on Thursday.
After the incident triggered international outrage, United Chief Executive Oscar Munoz apologized to Dao, his family and its customers, saying the carrier would no longer use law enforcement officers to remove passengers from overbooked flights.
SAN JOSE — Sharks general manager Doug Wilson signed Mikkel Boedker to a four-year, $16 million contact last summer with the hopes of bridging the speed gap that was apparent in the Stanley Cup Final.
But Boedker wasn't able to put his speed to use in Game 3 of the Sharks first round playoff series against the Edmonton Oilers Sunday because he couldn't even crack the lineup.
Related Articles Sharks' Pavelski, Burns among stars struggling to produce
Listen: How healthy is Sharks' Thornton's knee after Game 3?
What we learned in Game 3: Sharks need Thornton, Couture in top form to advance
Sharks' power play “not playing with a lot of confidence”
Purdy: Has anyone seen the Sharks' offense? Please notify SAP Center Joe Thornton's return to game action meant that one of the forwards who suited up for the first two games of the series would be watching Game 3 from the dressing room. Instead of removing a rookie, like Timo Meier or Marcus Sorensen, head coach Pete DeBoer opted to scratch the team's marquee acquisition, continuing a trend that reared its head throughout the season.
“Tough decisions. It's that time of year, you've got a lot of depth, so there's not a lot separating them. There are a lot of guys in that conversation,” DeBoer said. “That's just the way we decided to go.”
It wasn't the first time that DeBoer decided to remove Boedker from the ice this season. He benched Boedker for the third period of a game against the Anaheim Ducks on Nov. 26 and scratched him from the lineup on Jan. 5 after he put together a sluggish performance against the Los Angeles Kings on Jan. 3. The Sharks coach also benched Boedker for the third period of his team's bout against the Tampa Bay Lightning on Jan. 19 after a sloppy-defensive play allowed Jonathan Drouin to score a highlight reel goal.
Before he scratched Boedker in Game 3, DeBoer had limited the 27-year-old forward to just three shifts during the third period of Game 2 in Edmonton.
Boedker's inability to stay out of the doghouse is even more surprising considering that he played for DeBoer in junior hockey with the Kitchener Rangers and received an endorsement from the coach before signing with the team in July.
DeBoer said he doesn't know why Boedker has played with so much inconsistency this year.
“We're not getting into individual performances,” the Sharks coach said. “Those are tough decisions, it wasn't easy. I don't think it's been all bad. I think he was really good in Game 1, so he could easily be back in there tomorrow.”
It's unlikely that Boedker will be in the lineup for Game 4 because he was the last forward to leave the ice at practice Monday, suggesting that he will be scratched again.
“You never liked to be scratched,” Boedker said. “But he's got to play the team that he thinks in the best team on any given night. You've just got to handle it.”
Boedker, who scored only 10 goals this year, admitted that he's frustrated by how things have played out in his first season in San Jose.
“You're always frustrated when things don't go your way,” Boedker said. “You've just got to stick with it, be a professional and handle it the right way.”
No Joe: A rare scene unfolded during the last 1:47 of Game 3 at the SAP Center Sunday night: Joe Thornton sat on the bench as the Sharks attempted to tie the 1-0 game with an extra attacker on the ice.
Why didn't head coach Pete DeBoer send out the future first ballot Hall of Famer with a 6-on-5 advantage? Was Thornton gassed after logging 16:27 of ice time in his first game in two weeks or was his injured left-knee acting cranky?
“That was just a decision I made,” DeBoer said. “We went with the guys that we wanted to go with.”
The fact that DeBoer didn't want to go with Thornton in such a pivotal moment suggests that something just wasn't right with the team's emotional leader, who missed five-consecutive games before returning to action.
Regardless, DeBoer expressed optimism about Thornton's play moving forward.
“Talking to him as the game went on, he faded a little bit, but that's natural,” the Sharks coach said. “Every game him and Logan (Couture) play, they're going to get better.”
Skill beats muscle: Instead of inserting Micheal Haley into the lineup for Game 3 to respond to the physical pounding that the Oilers applied in Game 2, DeBoer stuck with the skilled trio of Meier, Sorensen and Chris Tierney on his fourth line. It proved to be the right move.
Although the line failed to score a goal, its speed and skill created a mismatch edge against the Oilers heavier depth players, reinforcing DeBoer's decision to keep Haley in the press box.
Meier led the team in shot attempts percentage, aka Corsi, in Game 3 (66.7 percent), while Sorensen (56.3) and Tierney (52.2) also produced impressive possession numbers.
“Physicality is part of the game, but if you control the puck and you draw penalties, that's more important,” Couture said, adding: “That's how you really get revenge or pay back — by putting pucks in the net. Unfortunately, we haven't been able to do it.”
Wall Street rose on Wednesday, with gains in energy and banking stocks fueling the recovery from a steep selloff driven by Italy's political crisis.
A renewed attempt to form a coalition government in Rome by the two anti-establishment parties, the 5-Star Movement and League, raised hopes that Europe's third-largest economy could avoid a new election.
A surprise breakthrough to form a hung government would ease uncertainty, but still usher in a coalition planning to ramp up spending in the heavily indebted nation and push for changes to European Union and euro-zone fiscal rules.
“It's a rebound from yesterday on hopes that there may be some agreement on forming a government. But this kind of perceptions are going to bounce back and forth,” said Scott Brown, chief economist at Raymond James in St. Petersburg.
“Markets are a little bit fragile because it's a holiday week. That could lead to some sharp moves either way.”
At 10:04 a.m. EDT, the Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 115.15 points, or 0.47 percent, at 24,476.60, the S&P 500 was up 14.72 points, or 0.55 percent, at 2,704.58 and the Nasdaq Composite was up 34.00 points, or 0.46 percent, at 7,430.60.
The S&P 500 and the Dow on Tuesday posted their first 1 percent drop in May as investors scurried for safety assets such as US bonds on fears of political instability in Italy.
On Wednesday, 10 of the 11 major S&P sectors rose, led by a 1.5 percent gain in energy index .SPNY.
Bank stocks, which were the worst hit Tuesday, recovered with the S&P financial index rising 1.1 percent. The Federal Reserve is set to consider a proposal to modify the “Volcker Rule” at 3 p.m. ET.
The proposal, which marks another step by Trump administration regulators to ease banking rules, is aimed at preventing lenders from making market bets while accepting taxpayer-insured deposits.
The S&P technology gained 0.4 percent, boosted by a 2.1 percent jump in shares of cloud-based business software maker Salesforce.com that reported quarterly profit above estimates and lifted full-year forecast.
HP rose 2.6 percent after posting quarterly revenue above estimates and raising full-year profit forecasts.
Investors also kept a wary eye on the developments around tariffs and trade. In an unexpected change in tone, the United States said late Tuesday it could still impose tariffs on $50 billion of imports from China unless it addressed the issue of theft of American intellectual property.
China said Wednesday it was ready to fight back if Washington was looking for a trade war, days ahead of a planned visit by US Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross.
Advancing issues outnumbered decliners for a 4.32-to-1 ratio on the NYSE and for a 3.64-to-1 ratio on the Nasdaq.
The S&P index recorded 15 new 52-week highs and one new low, while the Nasdaq recorded 124 new highs and 10 new lows.
In a letter sent on Dec. 28 but released by the Vatican only on Monday, Jan. 2, Francis said: "I would like us to renew our complete commitment to ensuring that these atrocities will no longer take place in our midst."
Since his election in 2013, Francis has taken some steps to root out sexual abuse in the Church and to put in place practices to protect children. But victims' groups say he has not done enough, particularly to hold to account bishops who tolerated sexual abuse or covered it up.
"(The Church) recognises the sins of some of her members: the sufferings, the experiences and the pain of minors who were abused sexually by priests. It is a sin that shames us," Francis wrote in the letter.
"I would like us to renew our complete commitment to ensuring that these atrocities will no longer take place in our midst. Let us find the courage needed to take all necessary measures and to protect in every way the lives of our children, so that such crimes may never be repeated. In this area, let us adhere, clearly and faithfully, to 'zero tolerance'," he said.
The comments, included in a letter about the plight of vulnerable children in general, were some of his most comprehensive on abuse.
Anne Barrett-Doyle, founder of the U.S.-based research and monitoring group BishopAccountablity.org, said in an email that the pope's words were little more than rhetoric.
"This pope keeps proclaiming zero tolerance but doesn't enact it. He knows full well that Church law contains no zero tolerance provision. Zero tolerance is mere rhetoric. The sad fact is that the Church still has not changed its system to make zero tolerance a binding reality," she said.
She said that while it existed in the United States, it is "still optional in the global Catholic Church".
Francis, who has met victims of sexual abuse several times, both in the Vatican and on some of his foreign trips, said: "We join in the pain of the victims and weep for this sin - the sin of what happened, the sin of failing to help, the sin of covering up and denial, the sin of the abuse of power."
In 2015, Francis ordered the trial and defrocking of a Polish archbishop accused of paying for sex with minors in the Dominican Republic.
The year before, he set up a Vatican commission, including some victims, to advise local Churches on how to prevent abuse. But some members have complained about the slow pace of change in the Vatican.
Francis also approved the establishment of a Vatican tribunal to judge bishops accused of covering up sexual abuse or failing to prevent it, but the proposal has so far stalled.
Church sexual abuse broke into the open in 2002, when it was discovered that U.S. bishops moved abusers from parish to parish instead of defrocking them. Similar scandals were later discovered around the world and tens of millions of dollars have been paid in compensation.
If you're getting close to 65, chances are you're going to enroll in Medicare. While it's common knowledge that Medicare is the United States' health insurance program for retirees, many people don't fully understand certain things about Medicare, such as when to enroll, how much it costs, what all the “parts” of Medicare are, and more.
Continue Reading Below
Image source: Getty Images.
With that in mind, here's a quick guide that could answer some of your Medicare questions before you have them.
Is Medicare enrollment automatic?
For many people, Medicare enrollment happens automatically. Specifically, if any of these three criteria apply to you, there's nothing you need to do — you'll be automatically enrolled in Medicare Parts A and B (more on the “parts” in the next section). In these cases, expect to receive your Medicare card in the mail about three months before you'll be eligible for benefits.
You already get Social Security benefits or retirement benefits from the Railroad Retirement Board (RRB). In this case, you'll automatically get Medicare Parts A and B on the first day of the month you'll turn 65.
You've gotten SS or RRB disability benefits for 24 months.
You have ALS (Lou Gehrig's disease). In this case, you'll get Parts A and B the month your disability benefits begin.
Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT
If none of these applies to you, you'll need to sign up for Medicare. For those who are eligible based on age, the initial seven-month enrollment period begins three months before the month in which you'll turn 65 and includes the three months after your birth month.
You don't have to sign up during the initial enrollment period, but not doing so can result in permanently higher premiums when you do. The Medicare general enrollment period runs from Jan.1 through March 31 each year.
The easiest way to sign up for Medicare is online at the Social Security Administration's website. Doing so takes about 10 minutes, and there are no forms to sign and no additional documentation requirements. If you already have Part A and just need to sign up for Part B, there is a separate application for this purpose. Of course, you can always choose to apply in person at a Social Security office, or over the phone, but these options can be much more time-consuming.
What are the “parts” of Medicare?
You may have heard about the “parts” of Medicare — for example, maybe you heard someone refer to your “Medicare Part B premiums.” There are four parts in all, and here's a quick breakdown of what each one includes:
Medicare Part A (hospital insurance): This covers inpatient hospital stays, skilled nursing facilities, hospice care, and some home healthcare. This is the part funded by the taxes that come out of your paycheck, and for most beneficiaries, there is no premium to be paid for Part A.
This covers inpatient hospital stays, skilled nursing facilities, hospice care, and some home healthcare. This is the part funded by the taxes that come out of your paycheck, and for most beneficiaries, there is no premium to be paid for Part A. Medicare Part B (medical insurance): This is the part of Medicare that covers doctor visits, outpatient care, medical supplies, and preventative care. Unlike Part A, Part B comes with premiums, which can be paid out of beneficiaries' Social Security checks.
This is the part of Medicare that covers doctor visits, outpatient care, medical supplies, and preventative care. Unlike Part A, Part B comes with premiums, which can be paid out of beneficiaries' Social Security checks. Medicare Part C (Medicare Advantage): These plans are offered through private companies contracted through Medicare to provide Parts A and B benefits.
These plans are offered through private companies contracted through Medicare to provide Parts A and B benefits. Medicare Part D (prescription drug coverage): This is an add-on coverage to Medicare, which is offered by private insurance companies. Part D can be included with some Medicare Advantage plans.
Since Parts A and B are the ones run by the federal government, they are generally what I'm referring to when I say “Medicare.” In fact, these two parts are collectively referred to as “original Medicare.”
Do I have to enroll at 65 if I have other health insurance?
If you are covered by another health insurance plan, such as through an employer, you should ask the benefits administrator if you have to sign up for Medicare.
If it's not required, you don't need to sign up during your initial enrollment period, and will be granted an eight-month special enrollment period once your coverage or employment ends (whichever comes first).
On the other hand, if your employer requires you to enroll at age 65, or you are retired and keep your employer's health coverage, or you have insurance under COBRA, you do need to enroll in Medicare. You can keep your other insurance, but Medicare becomes your primary health coverage after you apply.
How much will it cost?
For most beneficiaries, the only premiums that need to be paid are for Medicare Part B, unless a supplemental insurance plan or prescription drug coverage is purchased.
For 2017, the 70% of beneficiaries who already pay their Part B premiums out of their Social Security checks will pay $109 per month. New enrollees and Medicare beneficiaries who don't yet collect Social Security will pay a monthly premium of $134.
Deductibles for Medicare Parts A and B change every year, and for 2017, they are $1,316 and $183, respectively.
Do I need a supplemental insurance plan?
One little-known fact is that Medicare only covers about half of beneficiaries' healthcare charges. The rest must be paid out of pocket or by other health insurance. Fidelity estimates these costs to be $260,000 for the average 65-year-old couple retiring in 2016, so this isn't a small amount of money.
Because of this, many Medicare beneficiaries who don't have another insurance plan choose to buy supplemental insurance, which is also known as a Medigap plan. The benefits and costs of these plans can vary significantly, so here's a thorough guide to these if you're interested.
I heard Medicare is broke. Is this true?
While it's true that Medicare isn't in the best financial shape, don't let anyone tell you that Medicare is “broke” or “bankrupt.” This simply isn't the case.
In reality, Medicare hospital insurance (Part A) had nearly $200 billion in reserves at the end of 2015, and substantially all of the program's costs were covered by payroll taxes. What's more, the program is expected to run a surplus from 2016 through 2020.
After that time, however, Medicare is expected to run deficits for the foreseeable future. With the ongoing retirement of the baby boomer generation, there are going to be too many people collecting Medicare benefits and not enough workers paying into the system.
The latest forecasts call for Medicare to completely run out of money in 2028, at which point the incoming tax revenue will only be sufficient to cover 87% of the program's costs.
There is still time to fix the problem, and I believe it will happen. However, it's important to note that as a worst-case scenario, Medicare will need to cut Part A benefits by 13%, beginning in 2028. Part B will be unaffected by any of these financial troubles, as it depends on premiums paid by beneficiaries, not tax revenue.
What could change in the future?
As I just mentioned, something needs to be changed to ensure the long-term solvency of Medicare. And the combination of President-elect Donald Trump in the White House and Republicans in control of Congress could potentially make some big changes.
Trump has said many times that he won't cut Medicare benefits, but Republicans are unlikely to allow him to raise taxes to make this happen without adding to the national debt.
House Speaker Paul Ryan and other Republican leaders have published a plan called the “Better Way,” which calls for a sweeping overhaul to our healthcare system, including a modernization and eventual privatization of Medicare. You can read the entire plan here, and the Medicare discussion starts on page 30. In a nutshell, the idea is that Medicare would be preserved for those in or near retirement, but for everyone else, there will be a Medicare Exchange starting in 2024 which would allow beneficiaries to apply their Medicare funds to a health plan they select, including private options.
Whether or not this or any other major change will occur remains to be seen, but the bottom line is that something will have to be done — privatization, benefit reductions, tax increases, or some combination of the three. However, if you're close to retirement age now, it's a fair assumption that not much will change in regards to your Medicare benefits.
The $15,834 Social Security bonus most retirees completely overlook
If you're like most Americans, you're a few years (or more) behind on your retirement savings. But a handful of little-known “Social Security secrets” could help ensure a boost in your retirement income. For example: one easy trick could pay you as much as $15,834 more… each year! Once you learn how to maximize your Social Security benefits, we think you could retire confidently with the peace of mind we're all after.Simply click here to discover how to learn more about these strategies.
Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fool may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
A man was arrested Tuesday after yelling homophobic slurs and stabbing a gay couple leaving a Denver nightclub, police said.
Christopher Huizar and Gabriel Roman were leaving The Church on Sunday night when a man, identified as Dylan Payne, confronted the pair and stabbed them with a pocketknife, FOX31 Denver reported, citing a probable cause statement.
The couple suffered multiple stab wounds and told FOX31 Denver they believe they were attacked for being gay.
“We're running and I didn't realize how bad it was until he's like, ‘my hand!' and that's when I took my shirt off and I wrapped it around and there was blood everywhere, like so much blood,” Huizar said.
Huizar told the station he had been stabbed in the throat once and that Roman had several slashes in his back and his hand.
“It's way deeper than just the physical damage. Of course, we're relieved this guy is caught or whatever, but there's still that fright, I guess you could say to who else is out there like that?” Roman said.
Huizar set up a GoFundMe to help pay for hospital bills.
Payne, 24, was being held in connection with the attack, according to the Denver Post.
Police were investigating whether the attack was launched over the men's sexual orientation.
Image caption The Ayoub Sisters reached the top of the classical music charts
Two Scottish sisters, who shot to prominence with their version of Mark Ronson's Uptown Funk, are topping the UK classical music charts with their debut album.
The Ayoub sisters have included their violin and cello version of Ronson's funk track on the new album but they first posted it online when they were starting out two years ago.
Sarah Ayoub, 24, told BBC Scotland's Timeline programme: "Uptown Funk was the first pop cover that we ever attempted to play and upload on to YouTube.
"Mark Ronson invited us to Abbey Road studios to re-record it for the Brit Awards 2016."
Her younger sister Laura, who had her 22nd birthday on Thursday, says: "It definitely allowed us to get a foot in the door and helped us manage to show our music to a lot more people and gain a lot of opportunities, so we were very grateful for that."
Image caption The sisters appeared on BBC Scotland's Timeline programme
The sisters grew up in Bearsden on the outskirts of Glasgow and went to the Douglas Academy School of Music in Milngavie.
They were both classically trained, with Sarah graduating from the Royal Conservatoire of Scotland in Glasgow and Laura studying at the Royal College of Music in London.
Their parents are both Egyptian and moved to Glasgow shortly before they were born.
Cellist Sarah says: "We are Scottish-Egyptian so traditional music from both countries played a part in our influences."
Their debut album, recorded at Abbey Road with the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra, is an eclectic mix of tracks, ranging from Michael Jackson's 'Billie Jean' to Shostakovich and Johann Strauss.
Laura, who plays violin, says: "The whole album is accompanied by a symphony orchestra so throughout the whole disc there is a classical sound.
"The repertoire that we chose spans from Scottish music to Arabic music to popular music like Uptown Funk and core classic repertoire."
Image copyright Ayoub Sisters Image caption Laura and Sarah when they were just starting out in music
According to Laura, the siblings began to learn music at the same time.
She says: "We started on piano when I was four and Sarah was seven.
"We started learning at the same time but it was only about two years ago we made a conscious effort to try to establish ourselves as a duo."
Image caption Laura Ayoub says they hope to play in Scotland again soon
That effort appears to have paid off with a record deal with Decca, a hit album and a tour with choirmaster Gareth Malone coming up.
In the past few months, they have performed at Glamis Proms and with the National Youth Orchestra of Scotland.
The sisters will be off to France next week, followed by a trip to China.
They have previously joined forces with the Royal Scottish National Orchestra to record a medley of Scots anthems including Auld Lang Syne and My Love is Like A Red Red Rose.
But they have no concerts planned in Scotland.
Laura promised to return soon.
She says: "Scotland is home. The best audience is always here."
Here's the big Lucas Duda trade Yankees and Mets should make The Yankees and Mets have made one significant deadline deal: In July 2003, Armando Benitez was sent to The Bronx for three prospects. They should do something bigger now. Lucas...
Meet the newest batch of called-up Yankees pitchers Jonathan Holder and Ben Heller were rewarded for a combined five scoreless innings in Saturday night's 4-1 victory over the Red Sox in 16 innings with a ticket out of...
Yankees bullpen comes through in the clutch -- for once BOSTON — Ben Heller had pitched just one-third of an inning for the Yankees this season before he was called upon in the 15th inning Saturday night. “I told [Chad]...
Yankees outlast rival Red Sox in 16-inning marathon win BOSTON — When it finally was over, after almost six hours of baseball, the Yankees would not run away from the magnitude of Saturday's victory over the Red Sox. Left...
Yankees throw pressure and a promotion on Luis Severino is the Yankees' fourth starter, but the room for error is small. Severino, who failed miserably as a starter last season, was anointed with the starting role Thursday...
Who's on the bubble as Yankees need to cut 10 more TAMPA — The Yankees have 10 more players to cut before Sunday's noon deadline to have the Opening Day roster at 25. Following Sunday's game against the Rays at George...
How Yankees' shortstop juggle can end with one being waived TAMPA — Rows of lockers have been removed from the middle of the home clubhouse because they are no longer needed at Steinbrenner Field, but they are across the street...
Yankees' stud pitching prospect gone in 1st round of camp cuts TAMPA — The Yankees made their first round of cuts from major league camp following Sunday's game and they included lefty prospect Justus Sheffield as well as right-handers Nick Rumbelow...
Gary Sanchez can't draw but young Yankees a hit in MLB Network spot For the first time, there were nerves, anxious moments when the young Yankees weren't sure if they belonged, wondered if they were going to freeze up. No, this wasn't a...
A self-proclaimed anti-government revolutionary has been charged with trying to blow up an Oklahoma City bank with a 1,000-pound bomb that turned out to be fake, according to court documents.
Jerry Drake Varnell, 23, on Friday drove what he believed to be a stolen cargo van packed with chemical explosives into Oklahoma City and parked the van in an alley next to the BancFirst building, authorities said.
He had intended to execute an attack like the 1995 Oklahoma City bombing by homegrown terrorist Timothy McVeigh, but was unaware that the plot was doomed by months of planning and coordination with undercover FBI agents, according to the criminal complaint.
The case dates back to Dec. 21, when a confidential source informed the FBI that Varnell was allegedly interested in bombing the Federal Reserve Building in Washington, DC, in a manner similar to the 1995 attack on the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City.
The confidential source, who the FBI said was serving a prison sentence for a probation violation, started a dialog with Varnell through encrypted chat applications and Facebook Messenger.
According to the FBI, Varnell told the confidential source things like, “I'm out for blood. When militias start getting formed, I'm going after government officials when I have a team.”
He also allegedly discussed the possibility of explosives, telling the source, “I think I'm going to go with what the okc bomber used. Diesel and anhydrous ammonia."
Varnell continued to discuss the attack with the source over the course of several months, claiming that he was in the process of putting together a team, authorities said. He also brought the source to a “bunker” he was assembling on his parents' property, where he lived.
At one point, Varnell allegedly told an undercover FBI agent that he wanted to switch his target from the Federal Reserve Building in DC to the BancFirst building. When he was asked why he wanted to change targets, Varnell allegedly said "I don't want to kill a bunch of people.”
On June 1, the confidential source arranged for Varnell to meet with an undercover FBI agent known only as “the professor,” who they said could obtain the explosives and help construct the bomb. At the meeting, Varnell said he held a “three-percenter ideology,” a reference to the heavily armed militia group. Varnell also agreed to let the undercover agent obtain the explosives for him instead of him trying to make them himself, the complaint states.
The fake conspirators met several times and communicated on encrypted chat over the next several months. According to court documents, the FBI agent, per sting operation protocol, gave Varnell several opportunities to back out of the operation, but each time he expressed a desire to move forward.
On Aug. 11, Varnell met with the undercover agent and assisted the agent in the construction of what he thought was a 1,000-pound ammonium nitrate/fuel oil bomb at a storage facility in El Reno, Oklahoma.
Shortly after midnight on Aug. 12, authorities say Varnell drove in what he believed to be the stolen cargo van from El Reno to an alley outside the BancFirst building. After parking the van, he walked several blocks to where the undercover agent was parked, and the two drove several miles.
Varnell then allegedly attempted to detonate the bomb by dialing a number on the FBI agent's "burner phone," which actually rang a phone belonging to the FBI.
Varnell dialed the number at least three times, according to court documents, but the bomb constructed of inert parts never detonated. He was then arrested by members of the FBI task force.
“You Can't Turn That Into A House” on FYI takes home improvement to a new level: transforming old grain silos, chicken coops, a dumpster and more into tiny houses.
Here & Now‘s Robin Young learns more about the show from hosts Taimoor Nana (@taimoor_nana), Rehan Nana and Kyle Davis.
Interview Highlights
On the concept behind the show
Taimoor Nana: “This story started off about 10 years ago, and the three of us were sitting around and we had an old grain bin, and a 100-year-old wooden barn that had been partially collapsed due to a tornado — we live here in the Midwest. And we wanted to really take the two and combine them together, and we came up with the design of taking a grain bin and making it into a luxury, two-story cabin that we felt people from the city could come out and enjoy the wilderness, where we really wanted to basically connect people to nature, and the process of building cabins out in the wilderness.”
On the theme of sustainability in the show and the houses they create
Rehan Nana: “There's definitely that aspect. We've all had long discussions about this, and one of the things that we really enjoy is being able to reuse things that would've otherwise been left fallow. If you look across the Midwest, there's literally thousands of old grain silos that, just by the progress of agriculture, they get bigger. And so all these old ones are just left there. And so we looked at them and said, ‘Hey, I think we can turn that into a house,' and we actually did end up doing it. And what's really nice is, a lot of these are out in the country, and so you really get to see a great glimpse of rural America.”
On whether it can be a dangerous job
Kyle Davis: “I mean it is, it is for sure. But you know, it's really a different scenario every single time. I really, I guess just don't like following rules and doing it how everyone else does with a full crew taking months and months on end and hundreds of thousands of dollars. I'd rather do it with two brothers out in the country, maybe a couple farmers, and get it done in a week.”
On seeing a potential home when others might see junk
RN: “We all kind of look at things differently I think, in all of these different structures. And you get to really see when we sit down collaboratively, and start spitballing the potential that an object does have, and I think it's something that I always enjoy because it's breaking something back down. It's almost like being a kid again. Like, you know, getting to play with Legos and imagining what something could be. And I think that when you're looking at a structure to try to turn it into a house, that's one of the critical things that you have to do is not imagine what it is now, but imagine what it could be.”
On building a house out of a dumpster
KD: “We cleared out the trash, and then Rehan got in there with a gigantic, heavy-duty power washer that was the full size of a pickup truck, and just power-washed the thing as good as we possibly could, and it really cleaned up pretty nice in the end. It wasn't a dumpster, it was just a nice metal box to get started building the house.”
On the idea of putting their homebuilding skills to use after hurricanes like Harvey and Maria
KD: “We had some people writing to us saying, ‘Hey, what can we … let's work on something,' and we've kicked around the idea of maybe we do make some portable, prefab housing that could be shipped to disaster areas. I think that would be a really interesting project and challenge to work on.”
Already have an account?
Choose from 3 subscription plans to access.
You can cancel anytime.
Another 2026 Winter Olympic and Paralympic bid is in danger of being derailed by a referendum after approval for a state-wide ballot to decide the future of Graz's attempt.
The referendum was approved by the Styria State Parliament in its final sitting before a summer break after an emergency request by the Austrian Communist Party (KPÖ).
They gathered 11,031 valid signatures petitioning against pressing ahead with the bid, which is more than the 10,000 required to force a vote under local rules.
No final date has yet been proposed, but late September is considered the most likely timeframe.
A bid from Graz, Austria's second largest city, emerged as surprise challenger earlier this year after a failed referendum in Innsbruck last year.
A feasibility study conducted by the University of Applied Sciences Campus 02, Joanneum Research and Graz University of Technology last week concluded that a Winter Olympics in the region is "possible without great risk".
Figures involved in the bid initially claimed that there would be no need for a referendum.
They then argued that, even if one was held, laws in Graz and Styria stipulate that referendum results are not binding.
However, the rules are different for a state-wide referendum and it is hard to see the bid continuing without popular support.
The KPÖ have vowed to collect more signatures and continue to campaign against the bid.
Graz emerged as a contender after an initial attempt in Innsbruck was derailed by a referendum ©ÖOC
"[The signatures] have apparently caused a change of opinion," the party's Council member Claudia Klimt-Weithaler told ORF.
Graz Mayor Siegfried Nagl admitted to being disappointed about the decision, but claimed to be confident in public support.
"I have not only found supporters politically at federal, state and city level, everybody knows that - I fight for something, others want to be against something," he said.
"I hope that the Styrians decide with vision, the result is binding for me.
"The referendum is likely to take place in September.
"This is because at the beginning of October, the International Olympic Committee (IOC) will make a pre-selection of the Olympic candidates."
No referendum over an Olympic bid has been successful since one in Oslo in 2013 in support of a 2022 Winter attempt which collapsed anyway the following year.
Calgary in Canada, Sapporo in Japan, Erzurum in Turkey, Stockholm in Sweden and either Milan, Turin or Cortina d'Ampezzo in Italy are other cities still bidding for the 2026 Games.
Calgary could face a referendum at the end of this year while a bid from Sion in Switzerland was scuppered earlier this month after a failed vote.
A final decision on who will host the Games is due to be made by the IOC next year.
Bauer launches $12.99 food magazine with zero ads Bauer Publishing may have hit on a unique formula to beat the ad crunch in the print world: Start a new magazine with zero advertising — but a sky-high cover...
OkCupid's 'DTF' ad campaign draws criticism A conservative advocacy group is not down with dating website OkCupid's new “DTF” ad campaign. The group, CitizenGo, has launched a petition calling for officials in Portland, Oregon, to remove...
Lawmaker defends 'repulsive' ad in governor's race CHICAGO — A Republican lawmaker trying to unseat Illinois Gov. Bruce Rauner is standing by a campaign ad that's being blasted as racist, homophobic and “repulsive.” State Rep. Jeanne Ives,...
Dad buys Super Bowl ad to get Trump's attention WEST PALM BEACH, Fla. — A Tennessee father who says a defective guardrail killed his 17-year-old daughter is trying to get President Donald Trump's attention during the Super Bowl. Steve...
Advertisers spent less money on NFL games in 2017 Advertisers kept a tighter grip on their wallets when it came to the NFL this season. Revenue on game-time commercials slid 1.2 percent during the 2017 regular season, to $2.42...
Democratic senators blast Trump's new re-election ad Two senators on Sunday blasted an ad released by President Trump's re-election campaign during divisive budget negotiations that calls Democrats “complicit” in murders committed by illegal immigrants. “It is really...
Cuomo-promoting ad is a sad tale of MTA 'efficiency' For once, the Metropolitan Transportation Authority has proved a model of efficiency by killing two birds with one ad: It just proved the lunacy of its “no political ads” policy...
Ikea offers discount if you pee on their new ad Standard pregnancy tests are so 2017 — this year it's all about peeing on magazine ads to find out if you have a bun in the oven. Ikea's latest magazine...
Liberal Super PAC has Cuomo in its sights A new liberal Super PAC is targeting Gov. Andrew Cuomo in a TV ad alleging that he is overseeing rampant political corruption in state government. The Enough is Enough organization...
Video
A shopkeeper saw off three armed robbers, with the help of a tub of chilli powder.
Three men entered Baba Food City in Runfold Avenue, Luton, with two handguns and a knife on Saturday night, police said.
They left empty handed when the chilli powder, stored under a till for self defence, was thrown at them.
Only one leader of a big Western country is attending China's most important diplomatic event of the year, a summit next month on President Xi Jinping's New Silk Road strategy, as China's foreign minister denied it had been snubbed.
Continue Reading Below
Xi has championed what China formally calls the “One Belt, One Road” or OBOR initiative to build a new Silk Road linking Asia, Africa and Europe, a landmark program to invest billions of dollars in infrastructure projects including railways, ports and power grids.
China has dedicated $40 billion to a Silk Road Fund and the idea was the driving force behind the establishment of the $50 billion China-backed Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank (AIIB).
Diplomatic sources in Beijing said China had hoped for at least some senior Western leaders to attend the summit, including British Prime Minister Theresa May, to burnish the plan's international credentials and make it less China-centric.
But a list of attendees announced by Foreign Minister Wang Yi on Tuesday included only one leader from the Group of Seven (G7) industrialized nations, Italian Prime Minister Paolo Gentiloni, who took over in December after his predecessor quit following a crushing defeat in a reform referendum.
Wang confirmed the presence of the presidents of Russia and the Philippines as among 28 leaders coming, along with the Spanish, Greek, Hungarian, Serb and Polish prime ministers and Swiss and Czech presidents.
Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT
“This is a positive, cooperative agreement, and we don't want to politicize it,” Wang told reporters when asked if China was upset at the absence of most major Western leaders.
“This is an economic cooperation forum, an international cooperation platform that everyone is paying attention to, supports and hopes to participate in,” he said, adding representatives of 110 countries would come.
British finance minister Philip Hammond will come as May's representative, while Germany and France are having elections at the time and will send high-level representatives, Wang said.
“They have explained to us many times, France has elections in May, as does Germany about then, so their leaders originally were really willing to attend. This is not a platitude, it's the real information we got.”
China is sensitive to any suggestion that what it sees as its benign intentions do not have a receptive global audience, especially in Western capitals.
China was privately upset in 2015 after most Western leaders rebuffed invitations to attend a big military parade through Beijing marking 70 years since the end of World War Two. Western leaders were unhappy that the guest list that included Russian President Vladimir Putin and wary of the message China would send with the show of strength.
GLOBAL FRIEND
While China has portrayed the New Silk Road as a genuine effort to share the bounty of China's economic development and to fund infrastructure gaps, many Western countries are concerned about a lack of detail and transparency in the project and are suspicious about China's broader political intents.
Diplomatic sources said the presence of Putin and other leaders from countries with dubious human rights records, like the Philippines and Central Asian states, had contributed to a reluctance among Western leaders to attend.
“What Western leader wants to sit on the same stage as Putin?” said one senior Beijing-based Western diplomat who is familiar with the planning for the summit, speaking on condition of anonymity.
Still, at a time of uncertainty about the U.S. place in the world following President Donald Trump's pledges to put America first, China sees an opportunity to become more of a global leader and has found a receptive audience for its New Silk Road.
Leaders from countries that would appear to have little, if any, connection to the plan are coming to the summit, including Chile and Argentina.
“Everyone wants to be China's friend now with Trump in office,” said a senior Asian diplomat in Beijing.While China says the New Silk Road is not political, it has run into opposition from India due to a section of it in Pakistan, known as the China-Pakistan Economic Corridor, where some projects run through the disputed Kashmir region.
Wang dismissed those concerns, saying the Pakistan project had nothing to do with the dispute and India was welcome to participate in the New Silk Road.
A senior Indonesian government official said China was aiming for a “spectacular” summit.
“The Chinese are gunning for … global leadership so I think this OBOR summit is going to be huge,” the official said.
(Additional reporting by John Chalmers in Jakarta; Editing by Robert Birsel)
Nas and Nicki Minaj seem to going strong!
For her 35th birthday on December 8, the “Illmatic” rapper showed his girl some serious love by crowing her the “Queen of New York.”
On Instagram, he posted a pic of Nicki looking like straight up royalty–crown and all.
“Queens Get The MFkN Money! Happy Birthday To The QUEEN OF NY / HIP HOP @nickiminaj,” Nas wrote in the caption.
Queens Get The MFkN Money! Happy Birthday To The QUEEN OF NY / HIP HOP @nickiminaj A post shared by Nasir Jones (@nas) on Dec 8, 2017 at 4:36pm PST
Bow down!
According to XXL, in a second post, he uploaded a snippet of Lil Uzi Vert and Nicki's new video for “The Way Life Goes (Remix),” along with the caption, “BDAY Vibes.”
BDAY VIBES A post shared by Nasir Jones (@nas) on Dec 8, 2017 at 7:16pm PST
As we previously reported, it appears that the two have been dating since May. (Remember when she spilled her dating tea on an episode of The Ellen Show?)
When asked about her budding romance with Nas, the “Anaconda” rapper replied, “He's the king of Queens….and I'd like to think I'm the queen of Queens.”
She adds: “He's a rap legend, and so I have a lot of respect for him, but he's kinda cute, too.”
Since then, the two have been spotted all over town, including them celebrating his 44th birthday a few months ago looking pretty cozy
Virgo Season With my Real One From Queens! @nickiminaj #hennessylife A post shared by Nasir Jones (@nas) on Sep 14, 2017 at 9:09am PDT
#nas #nickiminaj A post shared by HipHopBulletin (@hiphopbulletin) on Sep 14, 2017 at 9:37am PDT
Happy Birthday Nicki!!!
BEAUTIES: Do you like Nicki and Nas as a couple? Sound off?
RELATED NEWS:
Nas Celebrates 44th Birthday With Nicki Minaj On His Arm
Did Nicki Minaj's Raunchy Paper Magazine Cover Break The Internet?
Nicki Minaj Is Giving Us A High End ‘Around The Way Girl' Look
More Videos 1:07 Panthers Cam Newton thinks it's funny to hear a "female talk about routes" Pause 1:07 Hornets and Lowe's dedicate basketball court at Tuckaseegee Park 1:05 Panthers Rivera working to keep team focused in "trying times" 0:36 Panthers coach Ron Rivera responds to questions about Cam Newton's sexist comments 5:51 Wells Fargo CEO grilled by lawmakers on whether or not bank will use forced arbitration in the future 1:08 CEOs describe health care partnership as a 'marriage' 1:05 What's rising at the old Observer site 0:21 Charlotte police shoot, kill man who had his hands raised 1:27 Key for Panthers: Being selfless and having humility, says Jonathan Stewart 1:41 Dale Earnhardt Jr. not happy with CMS track conditions Video Link copy Embed Code copy
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Hornets and Lowe's dedicate basketball court at Tuckaseegee Park Michael Jordan, Kemba Walker, Dwight Howard and all the Hornets players were in attendance for the dedication. The players conducted a basketball clinic for students from Allenbrook Elementary School. Michael Jordan, Kemba Walker, Dwight Howard and all the Hornets players were in attendance for the dedication. The players conducted a basketball clinic for students from Allenbrook Elementary School. John D. Simmons jsimmons@charlotteobserver.com
Michael Jordan, Kemba Walker, Dwight Howard and all the Hornets players were in attendance for the dedication. The players conducted a basketball clinic for students from Allenbrook Elementary School. John D. Simmons jsimmons@charlotteobserver.com
After being on the giving end of organ donation he never expected to be on the receiving end a few years later.
Fidel Castro's eldest son has joined a long list of public figures who have taken their own lives in a country with one of the highest rates of suicide.
In a rare exercise of transparency, the Cuban official press on Thursday reported that Fidel Castro Díaz-Balart, 68, committed suicide after suffering from deep depression for months. According to various versions, which el Nuevo Herald has not been able to confirm, his death occurred under circumstances that would be difficult to hide.
Rumors ranged from Castro Díaz-Balart shooting himself to jumping off the building in the Kohly neighborhood where he was receiving treatment.
Neighbors said there was a flurry of security activity around the Clinica de Seguridad Personal, a pink and buff colored military hospital in the Kohly neighborhood, on Thursday and Friday morning. But by Friday evening the neighborhood, where many military families live, was quiet. There is always tight security in Kohly with police posted on many corners.
Never miss a local story. Sign up today for a free 30 day free trial of unlimited digital access. SUBSCRIBE NOW
Clinica de Seguridad Personal, a pink and buff colored military hospital in the Kohly neighborhood, where Fidel Castro Díaz-Balart was reportedly getting treatment for depression. Mimi Whitefield mwhitefield@miamiherald.com
One neighbor said Castro Díaz-Balart locked himself in a fourth-floor room at the clinic and wouldn't let doctors enter, before throwing himself through a window and landing in front of the building not far from the Cuban flag, which remained at full staff Friday.
Another neighbor said that about two months ago, he saw Castro Díaz-Balart waiting at a bus stop in the neighborhood, and another saw him walking around Kohly.
If any of the death versions are true, it would help explain why the official press reacted so quickly to announce the suicide and share details about his depression with the population.
Reached by phone in Havana, Fidel Antonio Castro Smirnov — the son of Castro Díaz-Balart with first wife Olga Smirnova — said he would not make statements to the press and asked for “respect for the privacy of the family at this time.”
In Miami, Juanita Castro, sister of the current ruler Raúl Castro and the late Fidel Castro, said she did not know the details of her nephew's death. Mirta Díaz-Balart, Castro Díaz-Balart's mother and Fidel Castro's first wife, lives in Spain but travels to the island frequently and was “on her way to Cuba and probably already there,” Juanita Castro said Friday. She said she lamented the death of her nephew but would not be attending the funeral. According to the official announcement and a statement by the Cuban Foreign Ministry, the funeral will be strictly family, not a state ceremony.
On the island, news of the suicide did not raise eyebrows.
Cuba has one of the highest rates of suicide in Latin America with 17 deaths per 100,000 inhabitants, according to the World Health Organization. According to Cuba's most recent statistics, in 2015 there were 2,535 deaths “due to self-inflicted injuries,” the eighth cause of death that year, above diabetes and cirrhosis of the liver.
“The phenomenon of suicide is part of Cuba's culture and its political culture,” said Lou Pérez Jr., a professor at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill and author of the book “To Die in Cuba. Suicide and Society.”
Several public figures have committed suicide in the past several decades on the island. In 1951, Cuban radio listeners were shocked when the influential politician Eduardo Chibás fired a gun while on the air. Chibás died days later from the self-inflicted wounds to his leg. Osvaldo Dorticós, the second president after Fidel Castro rose to power in 1959, also shot himself in 1983 after suffering from depression. Three years earlier, in 1980, Haydeé Santamaría, a central figure of the arts in the early years of the revolution, reportedly used a shotgun to kill herself.
“The phenomenon of the suicide of public figures is an illustration of what happens among the population in general. Cubans have that history of suicide, which goes as far back as the indigenous population and slavery,” Pérez said. In Cuban culture, the historian added, there is “the phenomenon of patriotic suicide,” exemplified in phrases within the national anthem like “dying for the motherland is living” and later in the socialist slogan “motherland or death.”
Suicide became a taboo subject during the first decades of the revolution led by Fidel Castro, because it did not fit into the socialism narrative of being content. And although the official press reported the deaths of Dorticós and Santamaría, the episodes were shrouded in mystery and are barely mentioned in history books on the island.
Other Cuba observers have pointed to the symbolism of the suicide of Fidel Castro's firstborn, a little more than a year after the ruler's own death.
“The suicide of Fidel Castro Díaz-Balart is a metaphor for a revolution that does not swallow its children, but somehow invites them to take their own lives,” wrote Cuban writer and journalist Carlos Alberto Montaner on Twitter. “It happened to Osvaldo Dorticós, former president, and Nilsa Espín, sister-in-law of Raúl Castro.”
The news of Castro Díaz-Balart's death has also generated speculation about an alleged power struggle between the families of Raúl and Fidel Castro.
“There has been some speculation of the anger and disappointment of Fidel's family after General Raúl Castro became president and his children took the spotlight and hardly anything else was heard of Fidel's offspring,” said Frank Calzon, director of the Washington-based Center for a Free Cuba.
“There is no way of knowing if the tense relations between the Castros in Cuba, or the recent death of Fidel, or the dramatic economic and social crisis on the island had anything to do with Castro Díaz-Balart's death,” Calzon added.
“I met Fidelito, the eldest son of Fidel a few times. He was well-liked, exceptionally smart and fluent in a handful of languages,” Ann Louise Bardach, who interviewed Fidel Castro on several occasions, wrote in an email. “A Russian-trained physicist, he shared his father's intellectual curiosity and passion for the sciences. What makes this especially tragic is that he was the only son of Mirta Díaz-Balart, 90.” Díaz-Balart has two other daughters in Spain.
Castro Díaz-Balart, known as “Fidelito” on the island, had a difficult childhood in the midst of a fierce battle for his custody, Bardach wrote years ago in an article for The Washington Post.
In 1954, while Fidel Castro was in prison for assaulting the Moncada barracks, he learned that his wife wanted a divorce and that she had taken Fidelito with her to the United States. His wife's family was connected to the same government that Castro wanted to overthrow. After losing custody of his son, Castro wrote to one of his sisters that, “One day I'll be out of here and I'll get my son and my honor back — even if the earth should be destroyed in the process.”
After leaving prison and going into exile in Mexico, Castro begged Díaz-Balart to send the boy to Mexico before he embarked on the expedition that would ultimately launch the revolution in Cuba. He gave his word as a “gentleman” that he would return the boy after two weeks. He did not. His mother then used her family's influence to hire three men to kidnap Fidelito as he was walking in a park with two of Castro's sisters, Bardach reported. Juanita Castro confirmed the details of the incident to el Nuevo Herald.
The boy ultimately returned to New York with his mother. After he seized control in 1959, Castro once again appealed to her with a request to send the child to Havana. Fidelito returned to the island with his father.
As a teenager, Fidelito's behavior abroad once embarrassed Castro, as reported by the Miami Herald in 1967. Castro sent his son on a tour of several socialist countries. Fidelito escaped from a hospital where he received treatment for pneumonia and managed to get on a plane back to Havana. When he returned, Castro punished him by not letting him leave a mansion in a Havana suburb near the former Country Club.
This would not be the only episode in which Castro Díaz-Balart was publicly humiliated by his father. In 1992, he was fired by Castro for “inefficiency” as the head of the construction of a nuclear power plant in Cienfuegos.
After several years of ostracism, Díaz-Balart returned to public life but with a low profile. Most recently, he was seen posing in a selfie with Paris Hilton in Havana.
“In Castro Díaz-Balart, all the symptoms of the heir's orphanhood must have come together. In a very short time, his environment changed dramatically,” said Cuban writer and historian Rafael Rojas. “The government of his uncle altered not a few rules of the game within the Cuban political class and put the elites in circulation. The suicide of Castro Díaz-Balart serves as another evidence of that metamorphosis of Cuban socialism.”
Deutsche Windtechnik Inc. was established at the end of 2017 and is now active in the North American wind energy market. The goal of the experienced multi-brand specialist with European roots is to make the benefits of independent turbine maintenance available to US operators and investors. In particular, operators can benefit from the new, flexibly designed maintenance concepts and the savings potential that goes along with them.
More Headlines Articles
With its decades of experience in Europe as a flexible partner for high-quality independent full service, Deutsche Windtechnik is now starting a new chapter in service history in the US: "Service companies currently active in the market often function as subcontractors for OEMs. By contrast, Deutsche Windtechnik is an independent full-service provider on equal footing, and with its strong multi-brand expertise, the company can offer completely new options for operators and investors," said Melf Lorenzen, Managing Director of Deutsche Windtechnik Inc., describing the company's successful launch. Matthias Brandt, Board Director at Deutsche Windtechnik AG, added: "The healthy competition stimulates the market, and this not only leads to lower prices but also to better service performance and new products.Multi-brand expertise, service quality and flexibility are crucialOne key component of Deutsche Windtechnik's business model is that it provides service for turbines from Vestas/NEG Micon, Siemens/AN Bonus, Nordex, Senvion, Fuhrländer and Gamesa. This means it can service almost all common turbine types, including most of the turbines installed in the US. On the other hand, the flexible maintenance contracts offered by Deutsche Windtechnik give operators decisive influence over the profitability of a project. Individually designed basic contracts, for example, give the operator the greatest possible influence over maintenance and repair processes at its wind farms. At the other end of the spectrum, minimum-risk full maintenance contracts give the customer an 'all-roundcarefree package' with guaranteed availability, which can also include replacement of large components on request.Preparations for the first jobs are in full swingAs a result of the high demand and initial successful discussions with wind farm operators, preparations for the first jobs in the US are now in full swing: The team has been strengthened in the areas of operations and administration. The first service technicians are now on duty, and sales and QHSE experts have also been recruited to the team to ensure optimal implementation of country-specific regulations. They all have many years of experience in the American wind energy sector and are well prepared for the tasks ahead. In the course of the year, further experts from various fields will be joining the team.If anyone would like to see Deutsche Windtechnik's capabilities first-hand, they will have an opportunity at the AWEA WINDPOWER 2018 in Chicago. We would be glad to make an appointment with you in advance. Please contact Ms. Anca Dupu, Management Assistant Deutsche Windtechnik Inc. at a.dupu@deutsche-windtechnik.comAbout Deutsche Windtechnik AGBremen-based Deutsche Windtechnik AG offers full scope from a single source for the technical maintenance of wind turbines in Europe and the USA. The company operates both onshore and offshore. More than 3,000 wind turbines are serviced by over 1,000 employees throughout Europe as part of permanent maintenance contracts (basic and full maintenance onshore). Its system engineering focuses on Vestas/NEG Micon, Siemens/AN Bonus, Nordex, Senvion, Fuhrländer and Gamesa turbines.
A motorist has been caught on camera driving the wrong way onto the busy A90 in Fife.
The dash cam clip shows the driver of a silver Ford Mondeo head up the off ramp of the busy dual carriageway towards oncoming traffic at the Rosyth junction North of the Forth Road Bridge.
The incident happened on Saturday February 4 at 9.57am.
Fraser Hendrie, the driver of a fully loaded seven-car transporter said: “As I approached the ferry toll off slip, north bound of the Forth Road Bridge I was shocked to see two headlights heading towards me.”
“I assume the guy took the wrong slip road and decided to do a U-turn to head back up the road into oncoming traffic. There were two cars on the slip road and the drivers had no choice but to take evasive action to avoid a collision.
“I'm glad I was taking the next junction as I don't think I would have been able to stop my full loaded car transporter in time.”
A spokesperson for Scotland's Worst Drivers said: “It's not clear from the footage if the driver drove the wrong way up the slip road or did in fact perform a u-turn after mistakenly turning off.
“I do hope this was a mistake and the driver did not intentionally drive the wrong way to get quickly back on the dual carriageway.
“Unfortunately the vehicle registration is not legible on footage so we may never know what actually happened here.”
This time, the metaphoric bus is pulling away from Lane Kiffin.
Kiffin will not continue his duties as Alabama offensive coordinator in the College Football Playoff title game Jan. 9, the school reportedly announced Monday.
The development allows Kiffin to focus on his new gig as head coach of Florida Atlantic, Alabama coach Nick Saban said in a statement shared on Twitter by Andy Staples of Sports Illustrated.
“We made the decision because it was in the best interest of our players, our program and for Lane for him to assume his duties at Florida Atlantic,” Saban told ESPN Monday. “We mutually agreed that this was best for both programs.”
Last week, Kiffin missed the Crimson Tide team bus after a media session ahead of the Chick-fil-A Peach Bowl, which Alabama won 24-7.
With that victory, Alabama advanced to the national championship game — a rematch with Clemson after the Crimson Tide beat 45-40 in last year's CFP final.
Former USC coach Steve Sarkisian, a member of Saban's staff who was already picked to succeed Kiffin, will be the offensive coordinator for this year's title tilt.
“We sat down following the Washington game and talked about the time demands of managing both jobs, and we recognized that it is best for our players, and for Lane, that we allow him to turn his full attention to his new head coaching role at FAU,” Saban said in the statement about Kiffin. “This wasn't an easy decision and we appreciate the way Lane handled this in terms of doing what is best for our team. At the end of the day, both us wanted to put our players in the best position to be successful. Obviously, we are in a unique situation where we have our next offensive coordinator on staff. We have full confidence that Sark will step in right away and make this a smooth transition.”
DETROIT (AP) Aaron Rodgers was right.
The Green Bay Packers ran the table, just as their star quarterback said they could, by capping a six-game winning streak with an NFC North-clinching 31-24 victory over the Detroit Lions on Sunday night.
”This wasn't just a shot in the dark,” said Rodgers, who threw three of his four touchdown passes in the second half. ”It was an optimistic belief in my teammates.”
The Packers (10-6) were undefeated after losing four straight games midway through the season, when Rodgers shared his bold thoughts, to win the division for the fifth time in six years. Like his team, Rodgers has been perfect during the streak with 15 TD passes and no interceptions. He will lead fourth-seeded Green Bay at home Sunday against the fifth-seeded New York Giants in an NFC wild-card game in its eighth straight postseason appearance.
”We have bigger aspirations,” Packers coach Mike McCarthy said. ”This is the first step.”
Detroit (9-7) dropped its last three games after it had a two-game lead in the NFC North, spoiling its shot at winning a division title for the first time since 1993.
The Lions, though, will be in the playoffs for the second time in three years with coach Jim Caldwell because the Giants beat the Washington Redskins earlier in the day. The sixth-seeded Lions will play at third-seeded Seattle on Saturday night in a wild-card game.
”If you're in, you've got a chance,” Caldwell said.
Rodgers , who was 27 of 39 for 300 yards, threw a go-ahead, 3-yard TD pass to Davante Adams with 9:23 left in the third quarter. Rodgers connected with Geronimo Allison and Adams in the end zone in the fourth quarter to give Green Bay a 14-point lead in a game it trailed 14-7 at halftime.
THE OTHER QB
The Lions had a slim shot to comeback from a fourth-quarter deficit to win, as they did eight times this season, when Matthew Stafford connected with Anquan Boldin for a 35-yard touchdown pass with 13 seconds left. The Packers dashed Detroit's hopes by recovering the onside kick and Rodgers had only to kneel once to seal the victory.
Stafford put Detroit ahead by a touchdown with a 3-yard pass to Golden Tate with 23 seconds left in the second quarter after Zach Zenner tied it with a 1-yard run.
Stafford was 26 of 41 for 347 yards with two TDs and an interception. He made some fantastic passes and some he sailed over wide-open receivers.
RODGERS RUNS
Rodgers ran for 42 yards, his third-highest total of the season, on 10 carries. By design, he converted a third-and-1 from the Green Bay 34 with a 13-yard run a bootleg. Rodgers also used his feet to escape sacks and to give his receivers time to get open.
MISSED OPPORTUNITIES
Stafford failed to connect with Tate when he was all by himself midway through the first quarter, wasting a chance to make a big play to possibly score on Detroit's second drive.
”That one was close to being really good,” Stafford said. ”You're going to hit some, you're going to miss some.”
Early in the scoreless second period, Detroit's Matt Prater missed a 39-yard field goal. Green Bay linebacker Clay Matthews also missed an opportunity, dropping one of Stafford's passes that he could've possibly returned for a score.
MATTHEW'S MILESTONE
Stafford surpassed 30,000 yards passing for his career, becoming the fastest quarterback to reach the mark. He did it in his 109th game Sunday night against Green Bay. The previous record was held by Dan Marino and Kurt Warner, who did it in 114 games. With a chance to lead the Lions to a signature win, however, Stafford came up short to add to his legacy that he beats bad teams and loses against winning teams.
INJURIES
Packers: Two cornerbacks – Quinten Rollins (neck) and Makinton Dorleant (knee) – were carted off the field minutes apart late in the third quarter and another cornerback – Damarious Randall (knee) – left the game with an injury in the second half. Rollins, who was conscious and able to move, was taken to a hospital. Receiver Randall Cobb (ankle), running back James Starks (concussion) and center JC Tretter (knee) were inactive with injuries.
Lions: Cornerback Asa Jackson left the game with an ankle injury. Receiver Marin Jones was evaluated late in the game for a concussion, but returned to play. Cornerback Darius Slay returned from a one-game absence with a hamstring injury. Right tackle Riley Reiff was out with a hip injury and was missed, especially when Nick Perry got past his replacement, Corey Robinson, for a possession-ending sack in the third quarter. Robinson left the game with an apparent injury in the second half and
UP NEXT
Packers: Green Bay will play the Giants at Lambeau Field, where it beat them 23-16 in Week 5.
Lions: Detroit, which has won only one playoff game since winning the 1957 NFL title, will face long odds to advance on the road against the Seahawks.
—
For more NFL coverage: www.pro32.ap.org and http://twitter.com/AP-NFL
—
Follow Larry Lage at www.twitter.com/larrylage
This year's Positive Choices speaker was not only entertaining but offered his audiences valuable information about the internet.
By Angel Wyrwas
This year's Positive Choices speaker was not only entertaining but offered his audiences valuable information about the internet. Kevin Honeycutt spoke to a small gathering of adults Sept. 19 and addressed the Baker students and teachers the following day.
Honeycutt introduced himself as an art teacher/football coach from Kansas. He described his childhood and how he was the first one in his family to graduate high school and then college. He shared how he grew up in poverty, moving often and eventually was placed in foster care. “I know where I'm from,” said Honeycutt.
Today Honeycutt is an award winning Technology Integration Specialist that speaks to students and educators all over the world. His message was about digital legacy and what that means. “Our kids will spend the rest of their lives in the future. Are we getting them ready?” he asked.
Honeycutt asked how will we craft our digital legacy and warned about thinking before posting online. “You may think that comment or picture won't last, but it does,” said Honeycutt, “and it can ruin you. Provable stupidity is findable. How you act, your character, matters.”
He talked about how students today have always had technology available to them. “When I was growing up, we had computers as big as houses and cell phones came in bags that you had to hold with two hands,” laughed Honeycutt. “The smart phone has more technology in it than Apollo. But how we use technology will largely determine our future.”
“I'm 50,” said Honeycutt, “but I'm pretty good at this stuff.” Almost all information is available online and he offered websites and apps that could be used for creating music and fabric, building a business or publishing a book. He shared stories of students who were selling products online and other students using technology to help people around the world.
Honeycutt then played several songs on his guitar as students used an app to play accompanying music. One student from Wibaux played some incredible drum music on an Apple drum pad.
He closed his presentation with a challenge to ‘do something great'. “I want to share your story,” said Honeycutt.
Marseille have announced that they have terminated the contract of Lassana Diarra by mutual consent.
The former Real Madrid and Chelsea midfielder reportedly went on strike in order to force a move away from Stade Velodrome.
Diarra has been heavily linked with a move to the Chinese Super League, with Shandong Luneng - coached by Felix Magath - said to be in talks with his agent.
The 31-year-old is now free to discuss terms with any interested club after having his contract rescinded.
"Olympique de Marseille and Lassana Diarra have terminated his contract by mutual consent, effective today," a club statement read.
"Having arrived without a transfer fee in the 2015-16 season, Lassana Diarra spent a season and a half at Olympique Marseille."
Diarra has made 12 appearances for Marseille this season but has not started a Ligue 1 match since the 4-0 defeat to Monaco on November 26.
He was linked with a possible move to Valencia before the close of the European transfer window on January 31.
Reports in France have claimed that Diarra is eager to secure a lucrative contract so that he can pay a fine of €10million to former club Lokomotiv Moscow, having failed in an appeal against a FIFA ruling which found him guilty of breaching his contract with the Russian club in 2014.
A Belgian court ruled in January that FIFA and the Royal Belgian Football Association (KBVB) must pay Diarra €6m in total after finding that they had infringed freedom of movement laws by claiming that any prospective club would have to jointly pay the fine to Lokomotiv.
FIFA's declaration saw Charleroi pull out of a move to sign Diarra in 2015, prompting the legal action.
Airbus SE Chief Executive Officer Tom Enders sketched out the company's plans for the next generation of European fighter aircraft and warned that Brexit means the U.K. could miss out on future production.
Airbus's German operation is working with French warplane specialist Dassault Aviation SA on a fighter platform involving a range of aerial products, including drones and “swarms” of small aircraft, Enders said in an interview Tuesday.
“We're not talking about ‘a' military aircraft,” he said in Berlin. “We're talking about a system of military-combat airborne elements. It's a different system.” It's not even clear whether there will be role for a piloted plane, the CEO added, saying that depends on requirements specified by the French and German governments.
A Eurofighter Typhoon fighter jet Photographer: Luke MacGregor/Bloomberg
The project represents a threat to Britain's position at the heart of warplane development as negotiations continue on terms for the country's exit from the European Union. Airbus has historically worked with London-based BAE Systems Plc in combat jets, with the companies partnered on the Eurofighter Typhoon and Dassault producing the rival Rafale.
Enders said that any Brexit settlement that renders Airbus's U.K. operations less competitive would pose a bigger threat to new projects than to current work, given the cost of relocating production facilities.
“I do not see that we can pick it up and do it somewhere else,” he said. “But of course, future activities, future production, future developments, those are up for discussion.” Airbus is meanwhile in talks with suppliers about measures -- including the stockpiling of components -- to help sustain deliveries in the event of a transition-less Brexit leading to border delays.
Airbus has previously questioned BAE's commitment to pan-European defense initiatives in light of the company's involvement with U.S.-based Lockheed Martin Corp.'s F-35 fighter, the world's biggest warplane program, on which it has a 15 percent work-share.
The involvement of Dassault also ups the ante, since the French company has proven design capabilities that could allow it to fulfill BAE's current role.
The U.K.'s high defense budget might still guarantee BAE a central role in fighter development. Defense Secretary Gavin Williamson has said that a new combat air strategy being developed by the government will aim to secure that status. Contracts won by BAE have also been crucial in sustaining Eurofighter production, most recently in the form of a 48-plane deal for which Saudi Arabia signed a memorandum of understanding in March.
Court 5 at the US Open was the site of aces, serves, forehands, backhands and insulin injections.
During a changeover late in the second set Monday against Kevin Anderson, American qualifier J.C. Aragone left the small sidecourt for about 45 seconds, huddling with a trainer out of view for an injection.
Diagnosed with diabetes five years ago, Aragone's readings weren't good. He has a device — it's called a Dexcom G-5 and includes a thin probe under the skin — taped to his body near his hip. It spits out blood-sugar readings and he keeps a monitor by his seat on the court, checking it every other changeover.
“My blood sugar was all over the place,'' Aragone said, explaining the need for the injection. “It definitely affects you. When you guys haven't eaten for hours, you feel kind of dizzy like you're going to pass out or faint. That wasn't the case today. I was a little bit high. If you have too much of something in your body, it's not normal. I was able to manage it well. Thankfully the doctor came out and we were able to get it under control.
“In a perfect world it would be great to be like you guys out there.”
It was a Hollywood tale that Aragone was even playing in the first round of the Open. The fifth singles player at Virginia carried a 537th world ranking entering last week — an alternate for the Open's qualifying tournament.
He was a last-minute replacement, won three straight matches and here he was Monday on opening day — with a curious crowd of about 1,000 fans packing the quaint court.
It didn't matter much that Aragone couldn't prevail over the 28th-seeded Anderson, losing 6-3, 6-3, 6-1. After all, five years ago, he was in a diabetic coma, and has fainted before during a practice.
“It's crazy — I'm getting texts right now from American Airlines,'' Aragone said. “I was originally supposed to be on a flight to Orlando. I wasn't expecting this. It came out of nowhere.”
Aragone started strong, looking to stay on serve at 4-3 in the first set. He lost an eight-deuce game, then failed to capitalize on double-break point in the following game, giving Anderson the set. It took a while for Anderson to figure out his obscure but gritty baseliner opponent, but eventually he hammered 22 aces.
“I knew he was a college guy but never saw him strike a ball,'' Anderson said. “I used a few college contacts. Must be a strong college team to play at 5 and qualify for the Open.''
Four of his Virginia teammates drove from school to make it for Monday's match. The Cavaliers won the NCAA title this year, but Aragone has graduated. He was a finance major and during the Open last summer was actually an intern at Chase in Manhattan.
Coincidentally, Chase is the Open's top sponsor and some of his former co-workers were in attendance.
Aragone has vowed to give the tour a try for a year before possibly heading into the business world. Along the way, his goal is to be an inspiration.
“I have definitely received a ton of Facebook messages,'' said the 22-year-old from Yorba Linda, Calif. “Stuff from people thanking me, giving them hope for their families. That's amazing and eye-opening.”
Since his story began to emerge in recent days, Aragone has heard from diabetes organizations about being their first tennis ambassador.
“Nick Jonas is a pretty big diabetic supporter, but you just don't see many athletes,'' he said. “I feel it's an untapped area where I can help athletes that feel a little down because of this condition. I would love nothing more than to promote my condition, teach people it's not that bad to stop you from succeeding in life or reaching your dreams.''
MASON — Amendments to extend the lengths of two contracts to include a new water project were signed when the Mason Town Council met recently.
A contract with Region II Planning and Development was lengthened, as well as an engineering contract with Triad Engineers, according to Mayor Donna Dennis. Both were extended for the purpose of a project in the Clifton area that will place a new main water line in one section of the unincorporated town. Cathy Elliott of Region II attended the meeting.
A public hearing for, and final reading of, a bond ordinance for the upcoming wastewater upgrade project were held during the meeting, as well. There were no residents speaking either for or against at the public hearing, the mayor said. Also present for the hearing was Attorney John Stump of Steptoe & Johnson.
In other action, the council:
Agreed to open an account at City National Bank specifically for the wastewater upgrade project;
Discussed amending several town ordinances, including the grass, trash and debris ordinance, animal leash law, and Business and Occupation tax ordinance;
Voted to increase the police department secretary's pay by 50 cents per hour;
Requested that Supervisor Aaron Woolard contact the state to determine if the town can fix a drainage problem on a state road;
Contacted the lone company who presented estimates for restroom renovations at the town hall with changes; and,
Announced the Riverbend Arts Council members of Meigs County will be judging the Christmas lighting contest, open to town residents.
The next meeting will be Dec. 21, 6:30 p.m.
Attending were Mayor Dennis, Recorder Christy McDonald, and council members Becky Pearson, Marty Yeager, Sharon Kearns, and Ricky Kearns.
By Mindy Kearns Special to the Register
Mindy Kearns is a freelance writer for Ohio Valley Publishing, email her at mindykearns1@hotmail.com.
Mindy Kearns is a freelance writer for Ohio Valley Publishing, email her at mindykearns1@hotmail.com.
When Rihanna first launched her singing career, she may have dreamed about landing the kind of fame and fortune that would allow her to buy a Picasso. But pop star...
Emma Morano, the world's oldest person, died on Saturday at the incredible age of 117. The Italian credited her longevity in part on a diet that revolved around eating raw eggs every day. In other words, Rocky was onto something.
RELATED: Meet the man who attended the first 78 Masters
Despite her inordinate amount of time spent on Earth -- Morano was the last living person to be born in the 1800s(!) -- it doesn't seem like Morano ever got into golf. That's a shame. However, that won't stop us from summing up how long she lived with some remarkable golf-related figures (All rounded to the nearest whole number). Here we go:
30: The number of years Morano was born before Arnold Palmer.
3: The number of years Morano was born before Bobby Jones. Bobby Jones died 46 years ago.
5: The number of years younger Morano was than the USGA.
20: The number of years Morano was born before Pebble Beach Golf Links opened.
35: The number of years Morano was born before the inaugural Masters.
106: The number of British Opens contested during Morano's lifetime.
110: The number of U.S. Opens contested during Morano's lifetime (The tournament was cancelled fewer years than the Open due to WWI & WWII).
97: Morano's age at the time of Tiger Woods' first Masters win.
117: Morano's age at the time of Tiger Woods' latest Masters WD.
You get the point. Morano lived for a LONG time -- and through most of golf's history. Stock up on eggs, everyone.
WATCH: GOLF DIGEST VIDEOS
With the World Cup less than three weeks away, For The Win is breaking down each team competing for the title.
Denmark's Group C schedule
Denmark vs. Peru – June 16 at 12 p.m. ET | TV: FS1
Denmark vs. Australia – June 21 at 8 a.m. ET | TV: FS1
Denmark vs. France – June 26 at 10 a.m. ET | TV: FOX
Best players
Tottenham Hotspur midfielder Christian Eriksen scored nine goals in 2017 with the Denmark national team and could be poised for a breakout campaign in this World Cup. The Danes have a solid mix of experience to go along with players firmly in the prime of their playing careers. Forward Nicklas Bendtner and center back Simon Kjær will bring leadership to the Danes. Still, Denmark may be overmatched against France.
Recent World Cup history
Qualification out of UEFA is a grind and few teams know that better than Denmark. The Danes didn't qualify for the 2014 World Cup and last qualified in 2010, failing to reach the Round of 16. Denmark's best finish came in 1998's run to the quarterfinal. Denmark erupted with five straight goals in its playoff with Ireland to earn the trip to Russia.
What experts say about Denmark
While the Danes are longshots to win the World Cup (BetOnline gives Denmark a 1.6 percent chance), Eriksen should have enough talent around him to advance out of Group C. Yet, Denmark's time in the World Cup probably won't last much beyond that. Via Yahoo! Sports:
The Danish have not been so dynamite of late, missing two of the last three World Cups and two of the last three Euros. This entirely Christian Eriksen-centric team won't set the world alight either. But its 5-1 destruction of Ireland in the qualifying playoffs demonstrates an ability to outperform its talent on the day. And a weak group improves Denmark's chances of advancing – and likely crashing out in the Round of 16.
How to be a fan
If you're a big Tottenham fan, odds are you'll be rooting for Eriksen to make a major splash in the World Cup. Denmark is sponsored by Hummel rather than Nike, Adidas or Puma, which makes Denmark gear especially tough to get a hold of. Still, you can find Denmark gear here.
NEW YORK – Jewish Democrats on Monday praised Muslim Rep. Keith Ellison after he issued a strong statement denouncing antisemitic hate preacher Louis Farrakhan.
“Ellison's statement leaves no ambiguity that he does not accept Farrakhan's hateful and divisive preaching and we appreciate him reiterating this conviction,” The Jewish Democratic Council of America (JDCA) told The Jerusalem Post.
“We expect our politicians to disavow him, as part of their commitment to equality and the fight against antisemitism,” the statement added.Over the past several weeks, the Democratic lawmaker from Minnesota's Fifth District has come under heavy criticism from “factions on the Right,” who he claims are attempting to “smear” his reputation and divide both the black and Jewish communities.A number of “political opponents have been pushing the narrative that I am somehow connected to a man named Louis Farrakhan. It's not true,” Ellison wrote in a statement published on the open-forum website Medium earlier Monday.“I do not have and have never had a relationship with Mr. Farrakhan, but I have been in the same room as him,” he added, explaining that they had a brief encounter a decade ago.Accusations relating to Ellison's alleged relationship with Farrakhan began soon after the congressman took office in 2007, when it was revealed that he had an affiliation with the Nation of Islam that lasted about a decade.Soon after his election win, Ellison – the first Muslim to ever serve in Congress – condemned Farrakhan and antisemitism, and renounced the Nation of Islam.In 2013, Ellison said that he “attended a meeting in New York City with Iranian President Hassan Rouhani and nearly 50 others, where I advocated for the release of an American political prisoner.”“I didn't know Mr. Farrakhan would be there and did not speak to him at the event,” Ellison states in the Medium article. “Contrary to recent reports, I have not been in any meeting with him since then, and he and I have no communication of any kind.”Farrakhan made headlines in the US last month after he delivered a speech at the annual Savior's Day event in Chicago where he made numerous antisemitic statements.Speaking to thousands of followers, Farrakhan railed against the US Jewish community's supposed influence over the media, an antisemitic trope that has long been a popular talking point for the black nationalist leader.In one part of the address, Farrakhan said that the “Jews were responsible for all of this filth and degenerate behavior that Hollywood is putting out, turning men into women and women into men.”“White folks are going down. And Satan is going down. And Farrakhan, by God's grace, has pulled the cover off of that Satanic Jew – and I'm here to say your time is up, your world is through,” he added.Saviours' Day is a holiday of the Nation of Islam commemorating the birth of its founder, Wallace Fard Muhammad.The JDCA, which defines itself as “the voice for Jewish Democrats” with “socially liberal, pro-Israel values,” also welcomed Ellison's commitment to fighting against antisemitism and other forms of hatred.“As an organization and wider community, we strive to reach across religious and racial divisions to work for mutual understanding and social justice,” the council said.“American Jews and African Americans are long-standing partners in the fight to create a more equitable and inclusive country. JDCA will continue to build on this legacy, and is pleased that Rep. Ellison and other members of Congress are equally committed,” the organization added.
CLEVELAND (AP) — The suspect in the random killing of a retiree posted on Facebook made his living mentoring teens in Cleveland, but his life appeared to be unraveling under the weight of gambling debts and trouble with his girlfriend.
Rambling videos he shared showed his despair, saying he was out of options and wanted to kill as many innocent people as he could.
While authorities have not found any evidence that he killed anyone else, the manhunt for Steve Stephens stretched into a third day on Tuesday and far beyond the neighborhood where police said he shot a 74-year-old man who was picking up aluminum cans on Sunday after spending Easter with some of his children.
Stephens, 37, could be anywhere, authorities said, calling it a nationwide search. A $50,000 reward is being offered for information leading to his capture and prosecution.
Stephens posted a video of himself killing Robert Godwin Sr., a former foundry worker who had 10 children, police said. In it, he said, “I snapped, I just snapped.” But police would not speculate on what was behind it.
“Only Steve knows that,” Williams said.
In the video, Stephens told Godwin a woman's name and said, “She's the reason that this is about to happen to you.” Godwin did not seem to recognize the name.
The woman Stephens spoke of, Joy Lane, said in a text message to CBS that “we had been in a relationship for several years. I am sorry that all of this has happened.”
She also said Stephens was “a nice guy” who was good to her and her children.
Stephens filed for bankruptcy two years ago despite holding down a job as a counselor helping young people develop job skills and find employment. The behavioral health agency where he worked said an extensive background check before he was hired turned up nothing worrisome.
In one video posted on Facebook, Stephens said that he gambled away everything and that he and his girlfriend had planned to marry but did not, without saying why. He blamed her for what was about to happen.
Some friends said they knew about his gambling. But the videos showed a man they did not recognize.
Alexis Lee, who saw Stephens last week, said his childhood friend always seemed respectful and got along with everybody.
“He never ever told me he had problems or issues. It was always good things,” Lee said. “He was always just so happy and cool, calm, collected, like, that's why it's so shocking.”
Other neighbors said he was quiet as a kid and intelligent, recalling how he went to college and got a master's degree.
“He was just a no problem person at all, compared to a lot of people,” said Cynthia Coley, a former neighbor.
In one video in which he blamed his girlfriend, Stephens said he woke up last week and “couldn't take it anymore.”
Investigators said that Godwin was the only victim so far linked to Stephens, despite his claim on Facebook that he killed over a dozen people.
On Monday evening, Facebook announced that it was launching a review for reporting harmful content following the killing. The company said that Stephens posted a video of himself announcing his intent to commit murder, then two minutes later posted another video of himself shooting and killing Godwin. A few minutes after that, he went live and confessed.
The company said it disabled Stephen's account within 23 minutes of receiving the first report about the video of the fatal shooting and two hours after receiving any report.
“In this case we did not receive a report about the first video, and we only received a report about the second video — containing the shooting — more than an hour and 45 minutes after it was posted,” said Justin Osofsky, Facebook's vice president of global operations. “We received reports about the third video, containing the man's live confession, only after it had ended.”
Officers searched dozens of places around Cleveland without finding Stephens or any other victims before expanding the manhunt. Detectives spoke with the suspect on Sunday by cellphone and tried to persuade him to surrender, police said.
Law enforcement officials said his cellphone was last tracked Sunday afternoon in Erie, Pennsylvania, about 100 miles (160 kilometers) east of Cleveland. Police in Philadelphia said eight elementary schools and a high school were locked down Monday while they investigated reported sightings but found nothing.
Members of the Emergency Response Unit were in attendance on the Quays following the crash Source: Sam Boal via RollingNews.ie
THREE PEOPLE HAVE been hospitalised following a four-car collision on the south quays in Dublin.
The collision occurred at 2.10pm on Wellington Quay.
Four cars were involved in the collision, including one official garda car.
Three people have been taken to hospital. The extent of their injuries is not yet known.
The south quays have been closed off between Burgh Quay and Wood Quay as a result of the incident.
Gardaí are directing traffic in the area and the College Green traffic ban has been temporarily lifted for outbound traffic.
Road users are being urged to avoid the area if possible.
The incident happened at the Wellington Street and Parliament Street junction shortly after 2pm this afternoon Source: Sam Boal via RollingNews.ie
AA Roadwatch has said traffic is busier than usual along Dame Street, and from James' Street through to Mount Brown. These traffic delays have caused knock-on delays along Tara Street and Pearse Street.
There are reports that traffic is also slow along Macken Street northbound, and the North Circular Road, as people avoid the south quays.
Gardaí in Pearse Street have launched an investigation into the incident.
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.
INDIANAPOLIS (WISH) – The Indianapolis Colts announced Monday they have signed free agent tight end Eric Ebron.
Ebron appeared in all 16 games (nine starts) for the first time in his career and caught 53 passes for 574 yards and four touchdowns last season with Detroit.
The Lions on the first day of free agency released Ebron. He was Detroit's 2014 first-round draft pick.
Bacteria discovered on the icy continent of Antarctica is set to change the way humanity looks for alien life on other planets.
To date, our search for habitable worlds that could host alien life has been guided by what we know about life-conducive conditions on Earth. But in a new breakthrough, researchers have discovered a bacterium in Antarctica that can survive solely off chemicals in the air.
The microscopic organisms can survive off just hydrogen, carbon monoxide and carbon dioxide — opening up new possibilities about the existence of extraterrestrial life forms living in harsh conditions.
Antarctica is among the most extreme environments on Earth and it was previously thought that the stresses of freezing temperatures, limited carbon, nitrogen and water availability along with strong UV radiation restricted life.
But new research reported in the journal Nature has shown the desert soils of Antarctica harbor surprisingly rich microbial communities.
“Here we provide evidence that atmospheric trace gases are the primary energy sources of two Antarctic surface soil communities,” researchers wrote.
“We propose that atmospheric H2, CO2 and CO provide dependable sources of energy and carbon to support these communities, which suggests that atmospheric energy sources can provide an alternative basis for ecosystem function to solar or geological energy sources.”
Essentially, the bacteria can survive with little sunlight, no geothermal energy and extremely limited nutrients.
The discovery was the result of DNA sequencing and analysis of soil samples collected from the icy continent.
“Although more extensive sampling is required to verify whether this process is widespread in terrestrial Antarctica and other oligotrophic habitats, our results provide new understanding of the minimal nutritional requirements for life and open the possibility that atmospheric gases support life on other planets,” researchers said.
Astronomers have historically sought out the potential presence of water when looking for planets that could support life, but the bacteria findings show it's not the only indicator sufficient for life.
Exoplanets that were once not even considered to be candidates to hold life might be reanalyzed to find habitable regions, said lead researcher Dr. Belinda Ferrari.
“This new understanding about how life can still exist in physically extreme and nutrient-starved environments like Antarctica opens up the possibility of atmospheric gases supporting life on other planets,” she said.
Forensic scientists in Burkina Faso on Monday were trying to establish the identity of the 18 people who died in Sunday night's attack on a restaurant in Ouagadougou. At least one of the victims was French, prosecutors in Paris said, adding that they would open a terrorism investigation.
Condemning a "disgusting attack", President Roch Marc Christian Kaboré vowed that his country's "valiant people" would "put up a resistance to terrorism with no concessions" after security forces had put an end to the attack and hostage-taking on Monday morning.
The victims were of various nationalities and two attackers were also killed, officials said.
French President Emmanuel Macron condemned the attack and praised the "effiective mobilisation" of the Burkinabé security forces.
Macron and his counterpart in the former French colony, Roch Marc Christian Kabore, were to discuss the situation later Monday.
The operation finished at about 5.00am Monday, Communications Minister Remis Dandjinou announced on RFI.
Two of the four reported attackers were among the 18 dead, while about 10 people were injured.They had been rushed to hospital where doctors said during the night that they were in a critical condition.
The attack on the Aziz Istanbul café-restaurant started at about 9.00pm, witnesses reporting two assailants armed with Kalashnikovs arriving on a motorcycle and opening fire, followed by three following later in a four-wheel drive vehicle and opening fire.
The restaurant was often used by foreigners and officials said that customers of various nationalities were present at the time.Turkey has said that one of its citizens were among the dead.
Close to site of previous attack
France, the former colonial power, advised its nationals to stay away from the area and declared that it was standing with the Burkinabé people and authorities "in this painful moment".
The Aziz Istanbul is about 200 metres from the café Capuccino, which was the target of an attack claimed by Al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb that killed 30 and injured 71 in January 2016.
There have been several attacks and kidnappings in Burkina Faso in the last two years and an Australian and a Romanian, who were taken captive in 2015 are still being held by an Al Qaeda-linked group.
Burkina Faso is one of the five African countries cooperatiing in the G5 force to combat armed groups and smuggling in the Sahel region.
“But the Celtics now are getting sneaky old. Al Horford is now 30. Isaiah Thomas is 29 next year, and his game is based on quickness – and that fades fast. Amir Johnson off the bench is 29, and oh yeah, Avery Bradley's got some big years left but he's a free agent and already complaining about his contract.
To contextualize this, LeBron James is 32 years old and it feels like he's been around forever. Never forget that when LeBron went to Cleveland – and I backed him on this – he passed on the talented, young Andrew Wiggins. Why? He said ‘my window's closing.' He went for Kevin Love, the veteran.
Remember that Lakers trade years ago when the Lakers gave up two first-round picks, Marc Gasol, three different players to get Pau Gasol from Memphis? Lakers gave up the future to get the veteran Pau Gasol. Why did they do it? Because Kobe was 29 years old and the late Jerry Buss realized ‘you've got to make hay in this league when you can make it.'”
Winslow Townson Winslow Townson-USA TODAY Sports
LOS ANGELES — “Space Jam 2”? A whole new “House Party” franchise?
With the leadership of LeBron James, anything is possible.
As James comes from Cleveland to Los Angeles looking to take the Lakers to more championships with a blockbuster $154 million contract announced this week, he could also push those two 1990s properties closer to reality and go from part-time presence to major player in Hollywood.
James hasn't yet spoken about his plans for Los Angeles. But if he wants to, he's already shown he can act, and not just in that good-for-an-athlete way.
His one real film role, playing himself in the 2015 Amy Schumer film “Trainwreck,” directed by Judd Apatow, won big raves.
The Associated Press' Lindsey Bahr called him “a comedic revelation.” Ann Hornaday of the Washington Post said he showed “expert, deadpan timing.”
James' co-stars agreed.
“He was really good. Like everything with him it was very effortless,” said Bill Hader, who played the movie's male lead with James as his sidekick, and previously acted with James when he hosted “Saturday Night Live.”
”He's always listening. I know actors that don't listen, they're just waiting to say their line. He listened.”
Hader said there was frequent improvisation on “Trainwreck,” and James easily kept up with the sketch comedy pros like Hader.
“You'll never believe this, but he was super confident,” Hader told the AP with a laugh by phone from the Toronto set of the film “It 2.”
“But not cocky,” Hader added.
“I remember Chris Rock was on set and rattled off a line suggestion really fast for LeBron, and LeBron said it back during the scene verbatim,” Hader said. “I remember thinking, ‘I can't do that.'”
He wouldn't be the first Laker to try acting. Kareem Abdul-Jabbar and Shaquille O'Neal had their share of famous, and infamous, roles. And Kobe Bryant ended up with an unlikely Academy Award for an animated short based on a poem he wrote about basketball.
Whether or not he appears on screen, James has already begun a major media career that can only get a boost from LA.
Gone are the days when athletes had to be in a major market to make it in film and television, as James himself has shown through his years building his brand in Cleveland.
But there's nothing like face-time for becoming a force in Hollywood.
James and his business partner Maverick Carter has a production company, SpringHill Entertainment, that has a deal with Warner Bros. and office space on the legendary movie company's lot, where he could become a regular.
“Certainly the proximity will make it easier for LeBron personally to be part of future projects,” said David Schwab, an executive vice president at Octagon, a global sports and entertainment marketing and management firm. “The advantage of a market like New York, Los Angeles and Golden State is the ability to have coffee, lunch or dinner daily” with key decision makers. “In a smaller market you don't get those consistent opportunities,” he said.
Schwab said James' partners at Warner Bros. and elsewhere are most likely “excited that he's in Los Angeles as they could possibly use LeBron personally to close business deals with future partners of their own.”
James, via SpringHill and his digital film company Uninterrupted, has already brought some projects to big and small screens, with many more in the works. Here are some highlights:
– “Space Jam 2.” The idea of James reviving the 1996 movie starring another candidate for greatest basketball player of all time, Michael Jordan, has been in circulation for several years. The movie with Jordan battling animated aliens alongside Bugs Bunny and his Warner Bros. cartoon buddies brought mixed reviews and eyerolls at the time, but has become a cult classic. Justin Lin of the “Fast & Furious” films has been attached as director.
– “House Party.” Stephen Glover and Jamal Olori of “Atlanta” are writing a script that James and SpringHill hope will revive the franchise that starred Kid n' Play and spawned three big-screen sequels from 1990 to 1994.
– “Smallfoot.” James will have another chance to show off his comic chops as the voice of a skeptical yeti in Warner Bros' animated film.
– “Now We're Talking.” A digital comedy series on Uninterrupted that features two rival professional football quarterbacks who become broadcasters and frequent pro athlete cameos is about to enter its second season.
– SpringHill is also producing several more television projects including the game shows “The Wall” and “Do or Dare” and “Rise Up,” a documentary about the civil rights movement for the History Channel.
Elon Musk's Space Exploration Technologies Corp. is in early talks with the Port of Los Angeles for additional space, according to both the company and the port.
SpaceX called the negotiations preliminary and said the additional land would be used for unspecified “operations.” The company already leases 8.1 acres of land and water from the port, which is near its headquarters and factory in Hawthorne, California.
Spokesmen for the port and the company did not say how the land would be used. SpaceX, which builds Falcon 9 and Falcon Heavy rockets at its sole rocket manufacturing plant, is expected to need additional factory space to construct its massive in-development rocket, named “BFR,” that's designed to carry humans on quick hops across the world and eventually to Mars. Any new factory built to assemble it would need to be located near water to easily ship the “Big F***ing Rocket,” given its size.
SpaceX -- which also has a presence in Washington, D.C.; the Seattle area and Texas -- is targeting about 30 total launches in 2018, the majority using its smaller Falcon 9 rocket.
Orson Welles' last film finally has a home.
Netflix has acquired the global rights to Welles' “The Other Side of the Wind” and will finance its completion and restoration.
Netflix's announcement Tuesday brings to a close the decades-long mystery surrounding one of cinema's greatest filmmakers. Welles began shooting the film in 1970 but never completed it. The “Citizen Kane” director died in 1985.
“The Other Side of the Wind” is a Hollywood satire about a filmmaker attempting a comeback. Its stars include John Huston, Dennis Hopper and Peter Bogdanovich, who has helped in its editing.
Producer Frank Marshall will oversee the film's completion.
Netflix chief content officer Ted Sarandos says he grew up worshiping Welles, so releasing Welles' last film “is a point of pride” for him and for Netflix.
OF STATE CERTIFICATE
OF ASSUMED NAME
Minnesota Statutes, 333
The filing of an assumed name does not provide a user with exclusive rights to that name. The filing is required for consumer protection in order to enable consumers to be able to identify the true owner of a business.
ASSUMED NAME:
Artic Glass Company
PRINCIPAL PLACE
OF BUSINESS:
10068 Flanders Court NE
Blaine, MN 55449
NAMEHOLDER(S):
M&D Management LLC
4540 Island View Drive
Mound, MN 55364
I, the undersigned, certify that I am signing this document as the person whose signature is required, or as agent of the person(s) whose signature would be required who has authorized me to sign this document on his/her behalf, or in both capacities. I further certify that I have completed all required fields, and that the information in this document is true and correct and in compliance with the applicable chapter of Minnesota Statutes. I understand that by signing this document I am subject to the penalties of perjury as set forth in Section 609.48 as if I had signed this document under oath.
DATE FILED: September 29, 2017
SIGNED BY: Mark A. Meyer
Published in the
Blaine/Spring Lake Park Life
October 6, 13, 2017
740648
More Videos 0:21 Charlotte police shoot, kill man who had his hands raised Pause 1:07 Panthers Cam Newton thinks it's funny to hear a "female talk about routes" 1:07 Hornets and Lowe's dedicate basketball court at Tuckaseegee Park 0:43 Body cam footage shows views from Charlotte officers who shot man with hands raised 1:22 Charlotte's mayoral candidates Vi Lyles and Kenny Smith: Back to Basics 1:21 AG Josh Stein discusses the closing of the Charlotte School of Law 2:32 Candlelight vigil for Rueben Galindo 3:52 Synced 911 call, body cam reveal final moments in real time of Charlotte police killing man with hands raised 3:03 911 call audio: You hear her tell him to put the gun down. Seconds after police arrive - gunshots. 3:46 Observer's Jourdan Rodrigue answers fans' questions about the Carolina Panthers Video Link copy Embed Code copy
Facebook
Twitter
Email
A look at Dale Earnhardt Jr.'s career in NASCAR After winning 26 times on the NASCAR circuit, Dale Earnhardt Jr. is making his final appearance in Charlotte. Here are the highlights of his career as a driver. After winning 26 times on the NASCAR circuit, Dale Earnhardt Jr. is making his final appearance in Charlotte. Here are the highlights of his career as a driver.
After winning 26 times on the NASCAR circuit, Dale Earnhardt Jr. is making his final appearance in Charlotte. Here are the highlights of his career as a driver.
D.R.A.M., who's getting ready to tour Europe next week, has finally dropped the video to “Cute,” a highlight from his 2015 debut LP Big Baby D.R.A.M. The new flick is obviously pegged to Valentine's Day, with D.R.A.M. and his Muppet double looking for romance. D.R.A.M. has rarely been cynical, so the quest goes well. Watch the video below.
TERRE HAUTE, Ind. (AP) — A newspaper reports a western Indiana couple has won more than $200,000 in settlements after a police dog bit their son during a school field trip to a courtroom.
The Terre Haute Tribune-Star reported Friday that public records requests show Michael and Gabriel Abbott of Brazil recently reached out-of-court settlements of $105,000 from the state and $80,000 from the city of Brazil. The couple had sued Clay Superior Court Judge Blaine Akers, the city of Brazil and the Brazil Police Department.
The lawsuit said their son, Jaxon, then 11, was placed in unnecessary danger in Akers' courtroom in 2013 when police placed marijuana on some students and the drug-sniffing dog bit Jaxon's leg before being forcibly pried off by officers. The lawsuit said the boy suffered scarring and nerve damage.
Everything you need to know about The Voice, featuring new coach Olly Murs
What time is The Voice UK on TV?
The singing contest continues on Saturday 3rd February at 8pm on ITV.
Advertisement
What can we expect?
This show might not draw such salacious headlines or attention-grabbing acts as The X Factor, but it is pulling in the viewers. Whereas Simon Cowell's darling was struggling in the ratings last year, The Voice UK has so far been holding strong. Maybe it's because of the talented singers, including this series' oldest contestant who auditions on tonight's show?
Or perhaps viewers enjoy seeing Olly Murs look like a bit of a plonker? A few weeks ago he was getting put in his place with a punch in the arm from Tom Jones, and last week his chair had a mechanical failure and broke down at the crucial moment. Will another mishap befall him this evening?
Review by Frances Taylor
Who's already got through the Blind Auditions?
A full list of all the singers and performers who have so far made it through the Blind Auditions and have got to the next round on The Voice UK are here.
How many more Blind Auditions are there still to come?
With the number of singers on the coaches' teams filling up fast, it seems like there can only be a couple more weeks left of the Blind Auditions.
Who are the coaches on The Voice UK?
The Voice UK coaching line-up this year stars veterans Sir Tom Jones and will.i.am alongside Jennifer Hudson (who joined the panel last year) and newbie Olly Murs.
Advertisement
The Voice UK airs Saturdays on ITV.
If I told you the United States is the wealthiest country in the world, I trust you would not be too surprised.
What if I told you data collected biannually by the Coalition for Personal Financial Literacy reveals that only 7% of high-school students can be considered financially literate? What if I also told you that 33 states in our country do not require high-school students to take a basic economics class or a financial literacy class in order to earn their high-school diploma?
A comparison of Finra surveys from 2009 and 2012 showed a decline in financial literacy over that four-year period.
You might ask, how can this possibly be, in the wealthiest country in the world?
Well, the dirty little secret is that a financial literacy and proficiency deficit in the United States continues to be a significant societal problem. But it must surely be improving with all the cable TV financial channels and myriad financial information on the internet? Actually, a comparison of Finra surveys from 2009 and 2012 showed a decline in financial literacy over the four-year period. A 2015 study of financial literacy that covered adults in 148 countries found that the U.S. ranked 14th, behind Singapore and the Czech Republic and slightly ahead of Estonia and Bhutan.
What is fascinating is we all desire for our kids to get good grades in high school, so they can attend a good college and get a rewarding and well-paying job, but we fail miserably as a society in providing them with financial education and financial proficiency.
How do we help ensure that the next generation will be better financially educated and more proficient in understanding credit-card debt, college loans, 401(k) retirement plans, global capital markets, investment options, diversification, asset allocation, mortgages and stock options, to name just a few?
Well, at Barron's we want to spark new thinking on this topic and help put a highly valued and highly educational financial publication in the hands of the next generation of college, university and high-school students. For nearly a century, our readers have ranked as many of the most successful business leaders and investors in the world, so this only seems logical.
Barron's is pleased to announce Barron's in Education. This program, funded by Barron's and sponsors who are also interested in vastly improving financial literacy and proficiency, makes it possible for all students and faculty at participating schools to receive a digital subscription to Barron's at no cost. We also provide a weekly review that highlights the top events and articles that professors and teachers can address in the classroom. A new email newsletter summarizes the top business and investment stories of the week. We are also making our MarketWatch Virtual Stock Exchange interactive game available, at no cost to the schools and students.
The author is director of financial literacy and education at Dow Jones Media Group.
To learn more about this program and how to partner with Barron's to improve financial literacy and proficiency for the next generation, contact BarronsEDU@barrons.com.
Ireland's trade surplus fell by €452m (-9%) in February following a 16% rise in imports and just a 3% rise in exports, according to new figures from the Central Statistics Office.
Goods import for the month increased by €800m to €5.88 billion, while exports were €349m higher to €10.6 billion, which leaves the country's trade surplus at €4.7 billion.
Exports of medical and pharmaceutical products increased by €827m (+37%) to just over €3 billion in February, when compared with the same month last year.
Exports of Electrical machinery, apparatus and appliances were also up, increasing by €159m (+28%) to €731m.
The CSO figures also show that on the import side, fuel imports rose in February by €56m (+25%) on the same month in 2016.
Exports to Britain were 19% higher during the month to €1.16 billion, while imports from the country showed a small decrease, dropping by 4% to €1.22 billion.
At €4.85 billion the European Union accounted for half of Irish exports in February. €1.15 billion of this went to Belgium, while the main non-EU destination for Irish exports was the United States, accounting for €2.95 billion.
With regard to where Ireland's imports are coming from, 63% came from the EU in February. €1.22 billion of this came from Great Britain.
Outside of the EU, the main sources of imports were the US (€767m) and China (€283m).
(It's Wednesday and this is what our favorite creators are digging! Shawn's the artist on Image's Thief of Thieves these days. Next issue is out next week. Also, check him...
Video
The number of people needing to use food banks in Blaenau Gwent has been described as "quite scary", by a project manager.
It is ten years since the first one opened in the local authority area and now there are five.
Project manager at the one at Ebbw Vale's Festival Church food bank, Amanda Davies, said the original bank in the area was planned to open a few weeks, but now thousands of people were being fed.
The Trussell Trust has warned the rollout of universal credit in Wales could see a significant rise in those using food banks.
More Banksy art spotted in NYC More of Banksy's protest art has reportedly been spotted, this time in Brooklyn. Two murals that mirror the elusive British graffiti artist's style and anti-capitalist message were seen Friday on...
Banksy is back in New York City Banksy's back in the Big Apple. The famed British graffiti artist added a new work to New York's streets this week — a stencil of a rat on a clock...
Is this British musician Banksy? Has guerrilla artist Banksy finally had his cover blown? The mysterious street painter appeared to be accidentally named in a podcast conversation between British musicians Goldie and Scroobius Pip this...
Tour a Tribeca loft filled with babies and Banksys Tribeca has no dearth of art galleries, so it's easy to imagine you've stumbled into yet another after stepping off a freight elevator into this airy, 4,000 square-foot Laight Street...
Tiger Woods now has more withdrawals than rounds played in his latest comeback to competitive golf. But Woods' most recent WD might be the most troubling, because it doesn't even involve him playing golf.
Late Tuesday, Genesis Open officials released the following statement regarding Woods canceling a pre-tournament press conference. That's right, a press conference.
"After receiving daily treatment the last several days on his on-going back spasms, Tiger Woods has again been advised by doctors to limit all activities and will not hold a press conference Wednesday. It will not be rescheduled."
Even though the 14-time major champ had pulled out of the event last Friday, he was still to attend as the tournament's host. Woods' TGR Live is running the event, which also benefits the Tiger Woods Foundation. Now it's unclear if Woods will make an appearance at Riviera this week.
After missing the entire 2015-2016 PGA Tour season while recovering from two back surgeries, Woods finished 15th in an 18-man field at the Hero World Challenge in December. He announced an ambitious schedule to start 2017 in which he planned on playing four events in a five-week stretch, beginning with the Farmers Insurance Open. But after missing the cut at Torrey Pines, Woods withdrew following an opening 77 at the Dubai Desert Classic and then WD'd from this week's Genesis Open and next week's Honda Classic.
Woods' agent, Mark Steinberg, announced his client's withdrawal in Dubai prior to his second-round tee time. Steinberg said his client was experiencing back spasms that were unrelated to his previous back troubles.
"It's not the nerve pain that has kept him out for so long," Steinberg said at the time. "It's a back spasm. He just can't get it to calm down."
Either way, Woods remains on the sideline. And with him not answering questions on Wednesday, everyone else remains mainly in the dark regarding his situation.
RELATED: This set of Tiger Woods prop bets will make you sad
WATCH: GOLF DIGEST VIDEOS
PORTLAND, Ore. (KOIN) — Amazon recently sent out an email to hundreds of customers to let them know their purchased solar eclipse glasses were not confirmed safe for viewing the eclipse.
Many viewers told KOIN 6 News Saturday they had received this email, forcing them to purchase new ones.
In the email, Amazon said,
To protect your eyes when viewing the sun or an eclipse, NASA and the American Astronomical Society (AAS) advise you to use solar eclipse glasses or other solar filters from recommended manufacturers. Viewing the sun or an eclipse using any other glasses or filters could result in loss of vision or permanent blindness. Amazon has not received confirmation from the supplier of your order that they sourced the item from a recommended manufacturer. We recommend that you DO NOT use this product to view the sun or the eclipse.”
Amazon also said in the email they were refunding buyers in full.
It's currently unclear how many companies are affected by the recall. However, vendor ICSTARS later said all of their filters were safe to use.
Pam Ledbury, who lives in Damascus, said she was so excited to watch the eclipse until she received the email from Amazon, just 9 days before the solar eclipse.
“Thousands of us probably bought them because they are cheap,” Ledbury said.
However, Ledbury is grateful Amazon warned her about the potential faulty glasses.
Ledbury said, “It really was a good idea because if they are not sure, you can imagine how many people can go blind.”
She also said if she can't find appropriate glasses by Aug. 21, she'll watch the shadows move over her farmlands.
If you received this email from Amazon, there are other places to purchase eclipse glasses.
The American Astronomical Society has listed manufacturers of eclipse glasses on their site, which are verified to be compliant with the ISO 12312-2 international safety standard.
NASA has also listed multiple ways to view the eclipse safely.
You can get safety regulated glasses here.
WHAT'S TRENDING ONLINE NOW –
>> MORE FROM LILA'S DIGITAL DOWNLOAD
FAIRBORN — Diana Marra will be demonstrating her art techniques at the regular Fairborn Art Association meeting slated for 7 p.m. Tuesday, April 3.
Marra loves the elegance and simplicity of the Chinese Brushstroke. Marra said,
“Each stroke can represent a leaf, a wing, an emotion,” Marra said. “So much can be said with so little. A simple elegant piece transitions into all cultures and fits every décor.”
For as long as she can remember, Marra has wanted to be an artist. Yet for whatever reason, she felt she had to do something scientific and did not pursue art professionally. With a dual major in chemistry and psychology from Ohio University, she began a 33-year career with Formica Corporation, primarily in engineering, design and global product development. Being able to visualize the end result as an artist and develop and implement production steps as an engineer was a unique and vital combination to her success.
Marra turned a 20-year sideline pursuit of art into an in-depth investigation into art history, designs of the masters, color theory, Photoshop, faux finishing, botanical drawing and Chinese brush painting. There, she found her niche: the ancient art of brush painting, with such elegance in its simplicity, captured her heart.
She began a year of global travel and artistic study in 2010, to capture the cultures and landscapes for future paintings, from jungle-trekking and cave-tubing in Belize to the International Crane Foundation in Wisconsin. She also toured and studied in Italy and from the Mediterranean to Hawaii.
Marra's brush painting education included the Art Academy of Cincinnati, private study with Karl Feng, and a three-week tour and study with Ning Yeh in China including the New China University in Beijing, climbing The Great Wall, Yellow Mountain and Zhangjiajie, which was the inspiration for “Avatar” — old China as seen through an artist's eyes. Her style includes both traditional, using Chinese ink and watercolor, matted and framed and a new contemporary style using acrylics on gallery-wrapped canvas.
The FAA meeting room is located at the rear entrance of the Fairborn Central Building, 221 North Central Ave. Parking and entrance are located around and behind the former school building, now senior housing. The public is welcome.
LEXINGTON, KY (WAVE) - After being in business since 1950, Kennedy Book Store in Lexington is permanently closing its doors.
The bookstore has been a fixture for University of Kentucky students at the corner of S. Limestone and Winslow.
MORE FROM WAVE3.COM
+ Blue Bell Ice Cream to return to WAVE Country
+ Extras needed for movie being filmed in WAVE Country
+ Parents: Tips to stop financially supporting your grown child
An email was sent out by the store Sunday night saying December 22 would be their last day of business.
The Kennedy family sold the location to investment partners last year.
Copyright 2017 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
Reuters President Donald Trump told Fox News he is “seriously considering” pardoning ex-Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio.
President Trump said he may pardon former Arizona sheriff Joe Arpaio, who was found guilty two weeks ago of criminal contempt for defying a state judge's order to stop targeting suspected undocumented immigrants for traffic stops, a new report said Monday.
The Maricopa County sheriff was an ardent Trump backer who also backed his birther views, arguing as recently as December that ex-President Obama's Hawaii birth certificate was a fake.
“I am seriously considering a pardon for Sheriff Arpaio,” the president told Fox News on Sunday at his club in Bedminster, New Jersey.
“He has done a lot in the fight against illegal immigration. He's a great American patriot and I hate to see what has happened to him,” Trump added in the interview, which was broadcast on Monday.
Trump said the pardon could happen in the next few days, should he decide to do so.
Arpaio was convicted by federal Judge Susan Bolton of misdemeanor contempt of court for willfully disregarding an Arizona judge's order to stop the anti-immigrant traffic enforcement.
He is expected to be sentenced on Oct. 5 and could face up to six months in jail, but since he is 85 and has no prior convictions he may escape jail time.
“Is there anyone in local law enforcement who has done more to crack down on illegal immigration than Sheriff Joe?” Trump asked.
“He has protected people from crimes and saved lives. He doesn't deserve to be treated this way.”
This report originally appeared on NYPost.com.
Enjoy a dramatic 'Turn,' but 'Salem' may be too schlocky “Turn” (Sunday, 9 p.m., AMC): The newest offering from AMC is the story of America's first spy ring, set during the Revolution. And while the series was based on Alexander...
Dramas take on cold, dark wintry feel on screen It looks like the dramas are feeling the effects of this long winter: everything is cold and dark: “The Following” (Monday, 9 p.m., Fox) If you didn't catch the Season...
Usmanu Danfodio University Inducts A New Pro-Chancellor.
The Usmanu Danfodiyo University Sokoto on Tuesday, 6th June, 2017 inaugurated its reconstituted Governing Council at the Senate Chamber of the Ahmadu Bello House. The new Chairman of the Council, Rtd. Hon. Justice Pearl Enejere, an appointee of the President Muhammad Buhari, while delivering her inaugural address expressed delight over the honour and privilege bestowed …
The post Usmanu Danfodio University Inducts A New Pro-Chancellor. appeared first on Students Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from Students Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Quality cameras, as we've written before, are essential to any self-driving car. There are certain crucial tasks, including lane line detection, reading street signs, and accurately interpreting street lights, that only a camera can make possible. Until now, companies working on autonomous vehicles have mostly been limited to using either small cameras similar to those in smartphones, or standard industrial cameras designed for other applications. Now Sony has produced what might be the first commercially available sensor that is designed specifically for self-driving vehicle projects.
HDR is a must-have, and this sensor makes it a lot simpler
The contrast in a street scene — especially at night — can be more than a standard camera's sensor can handle. In particular, the contrast between the large amount of illumination coming from a stoplight and the low amount of light on a street sign or emitted from a pedestrian wearing dark clothes can be extremely large. Entering and exiting tunnels is another situation that creates high-contrast scenes. Typically, either multiple cameras, multiple exposures, or potentially some extensive computational imaging inside the camera are needed. Sony claims that its new sensor has 120dB dynamic range and low light sensitivity down to an amazing .1 lux (basically moonlight), which means that it should be able to capture the entire scene in each frame.
Sony describes the sensor as having an “original pixel structure and exposure method.” This strikes me as very similar to the Digital Pixel System, pioneered by Stanford spinout Pixim. Since Sony bought the assets of Pixim a few years ago, that is entirely possible, but I've been unable to confirm it. If it is based on the Pixim technology, it works by allowing each pixel to have an independent shutter speed (time when it is read out). So pixels that are gathering more light can shut off sooner, so that the color of the light can be read accurately. The camera can then integrate the various pixels and shutter speeds to create a final HDR image.
LED flicker is another problem unique to vehicles
Many street and other lights are now using LEDs that actually flicker at a rapid rate, one that is too fast for our eyes to notice. Traditional sensors can be fooled by that flicker — misinterpreting the color or intention of the light. You can see the impact of both the HDR capability and LED flicker reduction in this demonstration video from Sony:
The new sensor, officially the Sony IMX390CQV, doesn't have resolution specs that would impress anyone used to typical cameras. At 2.45MP, it is lower-resolution than even most selfie imagers. However, the limited resolution allows for reasonable size pixels despite the sensor's small 1/2.7 form factor.
In any case, today's car computers are limited in how much video they can process, so most systems in development currently don't employ much more than 2MP (roughly 1080p) cameras. Along with its advanced features, the new sensor is also designed to meet the stringent reliability and safety standards required for deployment in cars. You won't see one on the road right away though, as while Sony plans on sampling the sensor soon, it won't be in production until early in 2018.
President Trump attacked the New York Times and Washington Post on Tuesday for their alleged reluctance to cover a meeting between then-Attorney General Loretta Lynch and Bill Clinton last year.
“E-mails show that the AmazonWashingtonPost and the FailingNewYorkTimes were reluctant to cover the Clinton/Lynch secret meeting in plane,” Trump tweeted about 2 p.m.
The president was referring to US Justice Department emails obtained under Freedom of Information request and published by the American Center for Law and Justice.
The emails center around Lynch's meeting with Clinton on the tarmac of the Phoenix airport in June 2016.
A New York Times reporter is seen in one June 30 email reaching out to a Justice Department official to say he's “been pressed into service to write about the questions being raised” by the meeting, the Washington Examiner reported.
A reporter with the Washington Post emailed a Justice official the same day to say his editors “are still pretty interested” in the story but that he wanted to “put it to rest,” according to the Examiner.
Former FBI Director James Comey has said the meeting between Bill Clinton and Lynch is what prompted him to publicly confirm his agency's probe into Hillary Clinton's emails.
Trump also touted his administration's accomplishments again Tuesday.
“After 200 days, rarely has any Administration achieved what we have achieved..not even close! Don't believe the Fake News Suppression Polls!” he wrote.
An on-camera toast to Balthazar's 20th anniversary Food blog Eater will be filming the scene and interviewing veteran staff at the restaurant on Friday.
Hot NYC restaurant Balthazar is loaded with juicy secrets No restaurant in New York City — maybe in America — ever opened to greater hoopla, hysteria and impossible-to-satisfy demand than Balthazar did on April 21, 1997. The 180 seats...
Cate Blanchett proves 'fake news' wrong Star had reported that “Cate's mood swings have been driving the cast and crew crazy” on set of "The Present" on Broadway.
Cate Blanchett proves 'fake news' wrong Star had reported that “Cate's mood swings have been driving the cast and crew crazy” on set of "The Present" on Broadway.
Giant mirror crashes on diners at Balthazar A giant mirror crashed onto diners at the hip SoHo hotspot Balthazar Friday morning — injuring a former French government big who then lifted the mirror off fellow diners “like...
Balthazar signs 10-year lease in Soho After Keith McNally's Pastis shuttered in the Meatpacking District, rumors swirled that his venerable Soho spot Balthazar was next. But the restaurateur denied the reports and has signed a new...
Keith McNally's 28-year-old daughter Sophie joins the family restaurant business The one piece of advice famed restaurateur Keith McNally has for his 28-year-old daughter, Sophie? “Never listen to the boss,” says McNally, 63. Perhaps easier said than done when you're...
After two closed restaurants, can Keith McNally return to the top? It's only the second night of business for Keith McNally's new restaurant, Cherche Midi, and already the place is buzzing. Stylish diners sip Champagne at the bar and cozy up...
Bernhard Goetz: NYC's most 'high'-minded citizen Bernhard Goetz has something to teach New Yorkers about life, about animals, about the barbarity of circumcision and the joys of a well-oiled firearm in the right hands — if...
Eagles (+4 ½) over Patriots / Over 48 (Super Bowl LII, US Bank Stadium, Minneapolis)
There has been a stream of high-value opportunities available to the discerning handicapper in the ultimate game — especially since the expansion to 12 postseason-eligible teams in 1990 fortified the chances of even superior sides to slip up because of wear and tear, Dame Fortune or lesser rosters enjoying specific matchup advantages.
This game doesn't look so simple, despite the presence of a five-time Super Bowl winner with the dominant quarterback and ace coach on their side, favored by a diminished number against a standing QB and a second-year head coach thriving with worthwhile talent gathered with the aid of the acumen of general manager Howie Roseman, whose eye for picking off other teams' disrespected castoffs rivals New England's.
That broad market opened at New England -6. The public appears broadly split, but one Las Vegas whale has been firing sporadic six- and seven-figure fusillades at multiple desert outlets, which have trimmed the consensus number to -4 ½.
We respect the Patriots' historical ability to be able to “finish” in the big game with a succession of stouthearted fourth quarters — though one's fealty to Tom Brady, Rob Gronkowski (now cleared from concussion protocol) and the rest of the receivers is based on the Patriots' front line being able to keep Brady's shirt clean and these Eagles are able to outplay most offensive lines without having to resort to blitzes. We prefer both of Philadelphia's lines to New England's.
The resurrection of Nick Foles is reminiscent of a couple of veteran QBs who met their destiny once they manned the controls of an NFC East franchise with a history (and the associated institutional know-how) of winning league championships, stepping in for starters who had suffered late-season injuries. A December replacement for Jay Schroeder, ex-Buccaneer Doug Williams guided the Redskins in Super XXII.
Supported by a stout defensive front and a run game (unlike the favored Broncos, who had neither, despite the presence of John Elway), Williams racked up 35 second-quarter points in that 42-10 rout. Three years later, career backup Jeff Hostetler kept the Giants' ship afloat when Phil Simms went down in Week 14 and won five straight, snaring the Super photo when Scott Norwood's last-second field-goal attempt went wide right for Jim Kelly and the favored Bills.
Acknowledge that Philly doesn't have the modern league-championship history the 'Skins, Giants or even Tom Landry's Cowboys can boast of, though the Eagles were star-crossed as Donovan McNabb threw three picks (Brady: none) in the Eagles' narrow loss to these Patriots in Super XXXIX — the Pats' third championship in four years. We would also agree that in the Pats, these Eagles have drawn a more difficult opponent than either Williams' Redskins or Hostetler's Giants did in their storybook seasons.
The over/under doesn't seem to offer significant value, unless you're already an Eagles enthusiast looking for something resembling a hedge. The Pats' two Super losses to the Giants were direct products of Big Blue's pass rush hectoring Brady early and often, resulting in a pair of no-sweat unders. Brady has a history of significantly slow starts in Supers, going scoreless in all seven first quarters, feeling out the opposition while trying to set up multiple strategic wrinkles to employ when it really matters. This season, the Pats didn't face a top-drawer offense in peak form away from Gillette anytime prior to December, and heaven knows the Eagles have multiple fear-inducing weapons if Foles can deliver regularly. Wouldn't surprise if the first half stays under 23 ¹/₂, before things loosen up later on.
Looking at the big picture, we're also compelled to emphasize that as Brady strives to maintain his extraordinary performance levels in his 41st year, his supporting cast (even with the unique presence of Gronkowski) does not match up favorably with earlier Patriots championship editions. Still, Bill Belichick's surface optimism is obvious, and a representative effort by the favorite is anticipated. As most expected, the scattered -4s appearing last week had been snapped up by Friday, as serious Patriots believers finalize their own max-value positions.
“No bad luck” to Eagles owner Jeffrey Lurie …
Eagles, 28-23.
Conference championship: 1-1. Eagles (W); Patriots (L).
Over/Unders: 0-2.
Postseason: 5-4-1.
Over/Under: 7-3.
Follow Richard Witt on Twitter: @rich_witt1.
Dear Reader,
As you can imagine, more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before. Nevertheless, traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications, like ours, are being forced to look for new ways to keep going. Unlike many other news organizations, we have not put up a paywall. We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analyses from the frontlines of Israel, the Middle East and the Jewish World.
As one of our loyal readers, we ask you to be our partner.
For $5 a month you will receive access to the following:
A user uxperience almost completely free of ads
Access to our Premium Section and our monthly magazine to learn Hebrew, Ivrit
Content from the award-winning Jerusalem Repor
A brand new ePaper featuring the daily newspaper as it appears in print in Israel
Help us grow and continue telling Israel's story to the world.
Thank you,
Ronit Hasin-Hochman, CEO, Jerusalem Post Group
Yaakov Katz, Editor-in-Chief
Real Madrid would be getting a rough deal if they ended up with Neymar as a replacement for Cristiano Ronaldo, according to their former goalkeeper Iker Casillas.
Madrid's all-time record goalscorer threw his future in to doubt in the immediate aftermath of last Saturday's 3-1 Champions League final win over Liverpool when he spoke of his time at the Santiago Bernabeu in the past tense.
Ronaldo partially rowed back on those statements in mixed-zone interviews in Kiev and then signed off a speech at Madrid's trophy parade by telling supporters: "Until next year…"
Nevertheless, the fact Madrid have been persistently linked to a move for Neymar, along with the Brazilian's club Paris Saint-Germain being one of a select few in Europe who could offer a financial package in line with Ronaldo's demands, meant the Portuguese superstar merely fuelled existing rumours.
Speaking at an event where he was presented as an ambassador for betting company Sportium, Casillas – who is now with Portuguese champions Porto – spoke of Ronaldo in glowing terms and urged against any prospect of him leaving the Spanish capital.
"Cristiano is the best team-mate I've ever had," he said. "It's incredible what this guy is doing – he is [still] improving every day.
"It's crazy, whatever people are saying. He is happy at Madrid and whatever has been said before he always remained at Real Madrid.
"I don't think he will leave. Cristiano could be compared to [Alfredo] Di Stefano.
"Would I change him for Neymar? No. I wouldn't change him for any player in the world. I understand football changes but, nowadays, Cristiano is Real Madrid."
Casillas believes Neymar should avoid the turbulence of another blockbusting transfer and focus upon making good on his €222million switch from Barcelona to PSG by establishing a similarly definitive spell with his current club.
"He changed a big club like Barcelona for a new challenge in PSG. I wouldn't understand his exit right now," the 37-year-old said, before adding slightly mischievously, "But I do understand that everybody would love to end up playing for Real Madrid."
Bristol Motor Speedway will once again use the PJ1 compound for a third consecutive time for this weekend's NASCAR events there.
First applied at last August's Bass Pro Shops NRA Night Race and again for the Food City 500 earlier this year, the compound has resulted in greater grip and additional grooves that has led to closer side-by-side racing.
As a result of the success at Bristol, as well as other tracks, look for PJ1 — or tire dragging to add more rubber to the racing surface — to be utilized at several other tracks during the upcoming 10-race NASCAR Cup playoffs.
“We had our driver council meeting Friday night in Michigan, and part of that meeting was to go over the remaining race tracks, talk about where we may or may not put something on the surface (or) where we want to rubber in the track,” NASCAR Executive Vice President and Racing Development Officer Steve O'Donnell said Monday on The Morning Drive on Sirius/XM NASCAR Radio.
“(We) really worked with the drivers to say what is the exact line where you think this would continue to improve the racing on track,” O'Donnell added. “It's been going really well so far.
“We learn obviously where it works and where we've got some changes to make. We liked the first race at Bristol where we used it, might have missed the line a little bit the last time, so we're going to go back to where we were with the first race and think that will be a really good solution.”
BMS officials are preparing to add the PJ1 treatment to the lower groove in time for Wednesday's UNOH 200 Camping World Truck Series race on Wednesday.
The compound will also be reapplied for Friday's Xfinity Series Food City 300 and Saturday's NASCAR Cup Bass Pro Shops NRA Night Race.
It has worked so well that BMS sister tracks Charlotte Motor Speedway and New Hampshire Motor Speedway – which will both host races in the upcoming 10-race NASCAR Cup playoffs – have also utilized the compound.
At tracks that do not use the compound, O'Donnell said others may use tire dragging to add more rubber to the race surface, much like took place at Michigan International Speedway prior to Sunday's race.
“I think there's only actually a couple (of tracks) where we won't have something,” O'Donnell told TMD. “There are a lot of different things when you look at trying to bring a high line in, especially at Texas, bringing that second groove.”
O'Donnell expects to announce which tracks will either use the compound or tire dragging in the next week.
“We want to finalize it with the race tracks,” O'Donnell said. “I think, all in all, we've got a plan for each one of the upcoming tracks.''
Follow @JerryBonkowski
Veteran Argentina midfielder Fernando Gago suffered heartache on Thursday after sustaining a cruciate ligament injury in World Cup qualifying.
Argentina's hopes of booking a ticket to Russia for next year's World Cup were dealt a blow following a goalless draw at home to Peru in Buenos Aires and their woes were compounded by a serious knee injury to Gago.
Former Real Madrid man Gago – now playing for boyhood club Boca Juniors in Argentina – ruptured his anterior cruciate ligament and lateral internal ligament in his right knee at La Bombonera, Argentina confirmed post-match.
Gago, who was back in the national team for the first time since 2015, was a 60th-minute substitute but the 31-year-old only lasted six minutes as his international return was cruelly cut short in front of his club supporters.
Argentina's hopes of World Cup qualification remain in the balance after they dropped out of the play-off spot, down to sixth following Chile's victory heading into next week's final matchday – a trip to Ecuador.
WASHINGTON - President Donald Trump "would be inclined" to permit the release of a memo written by Democrats that rebuts a Republican document alleging anti-Trump bias at the FBI, if it passes a security and legal review, a White House spokesman told CNN on Friday.
"I think the president would be inclined to release the Democratic memo should it come to us and should it be reviewed and gone through the same process and if national security and legal equities review it and say it doesn't challenge sources and methods, the information in it" is accurate, White House spokesman Raj Shah told the network.
Share on facebook Share on Twitter
NASCAR star Dale Earnhardt Jr. and interior designer wife Amy pose for a picture during filming in Key West. DIY Network
Thousands of Californians were told Monday to evacuate their homes ahead of a storm that officials said is likely to pummel a region already devastated by wildfires and mudslides.
Robert Lewin, the Santa Barbara County emergency management director, said the area is expecting more rainfall in a single storm than the county typically sees all year.
- Advertisement -
“Ten inches of rain falling on a burn area is something that we don't understand exactly what's going to happen,” he said during a news conference.
Related: Deadly rains in Southern California send rivers of mud into homes, trigger fire, flooding
An “atmospheric river” is expected to arrive on Tuesday and last until Thursday, officials said, bringing heavy rain and possible flash flooding, along with tumbling rock and mudslides from San Luis Obispo County south to Los Angeles.
Mark Jackson, a meteorologist with the National Weather Service, said the storm's bulls-eye will be an area scorched last year by a wildfire that was the largest in California history, at 440 square miles.
Eighteen people were killed and 1,000 buildings — many of them homes — were reduced to ashes.
In January, with the blaze still simmering, a powerful storm swept across Santa Barbara and Ventura Counties, triggering mudslides that killed 21 people.
With mountain channels cleared out by the January storm, Jackson expects rocks and soil to cascade toward the coast with even more ease than they did two months ago.
Lewin concurred. “Those mountains are locked and loaded with debris,” he said.
Mandatory evacuation orders will go into effect on Tuesday in Santa Barbara County, clearing 7,400 residents out of their homes, or roughly 17,000 to 18,000 people, Sheriff Bill Brown said.
“This storm is not the storm to question,” Lewin said. “Please heed the mandatory evacuation orders.”
1:17
White House: Updates to immigration ban to allow permanent residents into U.S. without waiver
4:30
He has a new face, one that had belonged to another man
7:23
(WVTM/NBC News) A University of Alabama student is making good on a Twitter promise.
Kelsey Hall posted a picture of herself in a Christmas tree costume, saying she would wear the outfit for the remainder of the semester if she received 1,000 retweets.
She quickly received 30,000.
As promised, she has been wearing the festive piece, but says all the attention is kind of getting to her.
“It's been a little stressful,” Hall says. “You know, having everyone like tagging me in things and calling me. And people wanting interviews and stuff.”
After this experience, Hall says she will probably think long and hard about posting any more challenges to social media.
Grab the FREE WDTN News App for iPhone or Android. Stay up to date with all the local news, weather and sports as well as live newscasts and events as they happen.
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter for all the latest news, weather and sports.
Video
Fictional worlds such as Narnia, Gotham City and Neverland have mysteriously appeared on road signs in Oxfordshire.
The roundabout signs in Didcot - described as England's most normal town - also direct drivers to Middle Earth and Emerald City.
The fantasy locations were recently added to five signs along the A4130 in Oxfordshire.
Free-housing hokum A new Queens development is expected to get the City Council's final blessing today. The question now is: Even with the council's approval, can the builder afford to build it?...
New York's greedy progressives City Council members are poised to OK a plan for 1,700 new apartments in Queens, called Astoria Cove, after a deal Wednesday succeeded in squeezing the developer for new concessions....
Suspected herders killed two priests and 14 parishioners in an attack on a Catholic church in a Nigerian region that's seen a surge in violence between farmers and cattle owners.
Police are investigating the incident in the Mbalom area of Benue state, government spokesman Terver Akase said by phone Tuesday.
The attack “is clearly calculated to stoke up religious conflict and plunge our communities into endless bloodletting,” President Muhammadu Buhari said in an emailed statement.
The main theater of conflict between farmers and herders is the so-called Middle Belt region, whose support was key in helping Buhari's All Progressives Congress win the 2015 general elections. Buhari will seek re-election in a February 2019 vote.
Erin Murphy is best known for playing Tabitha on the 1960s hit series “Bewitched.” These days the former child star has been keeping busy despite being choosy with her projects. The 52-year-old is a hands-on mom to six children and thoroughly enjoys meeting fans of the beloved sitcom, which starred the late Elizabeth Montgomery. She's also appearing in a new web series, titled “Life Interrupted,” which also features Alison Arngrim, Dawn Wells and Michael Learned. Murphy spoke with Fox News about the lasting success of “Bewitched”:
Fox News: How did you initially get the role of Tabitha?
Erin Murphy: ‘Bewitched' was doing this huge casting call. They had previously shown it in black and white, so the big push of the third season was that the show was going to color and that they were going to focus more on the character of Tabitha. So they were looking for someone who looked like Elizabeth Montgomery and wasn't afraid of the lights. I auditioned with my fraternal twin sister Diane and we got the part.
Fox News: What was your connection with Elizabeth Montgomery like?
Murphy: She really was like a mom to me. I definitely think of her more like a family member than a co-worker. And I think it's because when I was on set, it was just me. My parents weren't standing there next to me [while I was working]. So I looked up to her as family, as a parent almost. We were friends outside of the set and she had three children around my age, so we grew up together. So it was a close relationship for sure.
ERIN MURPHY, WHO PLAYED TABITHA ON ‘BEWITCHED,' RECALLS HER TIME ON SET
Fox News: What's one thing about your relationship with Elizabeth Montgomery that would surprise fans?
Murphy: She and I are very, very much alike. She had a really dirty sense of humor and so do I! She was just one of those people who was so beautiful, but she wasn't afraid to look silly –kind of like Lucille Ball… They could be really campy and funny. There was no fear there.
Fox News: What about your relationship with Agnes Moorehead?
Murphy: She was probably my favorite. I had a really, really wonderful and close relationship with her. I didn't have grandparents who lived in California. My grandparents were far away. But she was like my grandma and I saw her every day. She didn't have grandchildren, so she called me her granddaughter. I called her grandmama when we weren't filming. She was amazing.
Fox News: Darrin Stephens was played by two different actors. What was your relationship like with both of the men?
Murphy: It was great. I was very lucky because I stayed in touch with people after the show was over, so I had the pleasure of hanging out with Dick Sargent as an adult and having phone conversations with Dick York. As a kid, I was very close with both of them. I grew to admire them as adults because they were such great men.
Fox News: Were you there when Dick York had his accident on set?
Murphy: I was. He had a seizure on set. I don't want to say the seizure was inevitable, but the last season that he was on the show, he was in so much pain. They had to film several episodes where he wasn't in the scene because he was in so much pain. Even as a child, I could tell he was in pain and he would definitely say things about it. And later, he did tell me that one of the things that helped him stay on the show as long as he did was sitting and leaning. He couldn't really stand very much. And he said that I would sit on his lap and he would tell me stories, which helped him cope. He really was like a dad and it took his mind off the pain.
FOLLOW US ON FACEBOOK FOR MORE ENTERTAINMENT NEWS
Fox News: How did you transition from being on a really popular TV show to having a normal life again?
Murphy: I think it's because I've always had this strong sense of self… I always had a large group of friends in school who happened to be in the entertainment business. So once the show was over, I was excited to go to camp, hang out with other kids my age in the neighborhood… it was easy for me. And since my family moved from Los Angeles to Orange County, I was turning down jobs. And I still do! I probably shouldn't, but I still do. I'm offered things, but I don't jump and say ‘yes' to everything. And I'm not begging people for work… I have kids at home and I plan on traveling more. I would like to do another series at some point, but I do want to spend time with family and friends, just laugh and enjoy life more. I want to do a little bit of everything.
Fox News: Does it ever get tiring to be recognized for someone that you played as a child?
Murphy: No… I think any moment that someone comes up to you just to say they liked you on a TV show, that's flattering! I think it's very kind and I'm very open to posing for pictures, meeting fans and answering questions about ‘Bewitched.' I'm thankful that people appreciate what I did. I think it's awesome.
Fox News: How did you become involved with ‘Life Interrupted'?
Murphy: I was at a party with a group of former child actors. Every few months we get together for a potluck or a barbecue. So we were at a party and Alison Arngrim [of ‘Little House on the Prairie'] called me over to the dessert table. She tells me, ‘Just say yes, just say yes, you're going to say yes.' I asked her to tell me more, of course. Because you know, we're all child actors, we all want to continue working in some way, so we're always pitching ideas to each other. I say no to almost everything. I have a bit of a reputation for being picky about the things I will and won't do. But it turned out that this project had a group of my good friends. And the thing that made me say yes was when Alison said, ‘You'll be playing my wife!' I said, ‘I'll do it!' It just sounded like a lot of fun.
Image copyright Emily Wray Image caption Scott Wray and wife Emily visited the soap set in 2015
A Coronation Street fan who discovered a lump in his groin after a testicular cancer storyline says the soap may have saved his life.
Scott Wray, 27, had a 1.5cm growth removed by surgeons and wife Emily tweeted her gratitude to the show.
Actor Tristan Gemmill, whose character Robert Preston had a similar ordeal, sent Scott "a hearty man-hug".
Scott said he was "forever grateful" to the soap and got to thank Tristan personally on BBC Radio Manchester.
The Corrie fan, from Shotton Colliery, County Durham, now lives in Ontario, Canada, where the soap is "very popular".
He and Emily, 27, are big fans and visited the set in 2015 while he was working in the UK to save for their wedding.
Image copyright Emily Wray Image caption Scott Wray is recovering after testicular cancer surgery
When bistro owner character Robert Preston found a testicular growth, it prompted Scott to check himself more thoroughly than usual and he found the 1.5cm lump.
Surgeons performed an orchiectomy to remove one testicle on 27 January and Scott is awaiting a blood test to find out if he is in the clear.
He was told it appeared the cancer had not spread but that doctors could not yet be "100% sure".
The retail worker said while character Robert agonised about having an operation, he "just went and got it done".
Skip Twitter post by @TristanGemmill Wow - Thank you for letting me know. That's terrific news! We have an amazing team of writers,producers &storyliners. I'm just lucky enough to be the face on the end of it. Please give your hubby a hearty man-hug and best wishes for a speedy recovery from all of us at Corrie.👏👍 https://t.co/A750nRHz4d — Tristan Gemmill (@TristanGemmill) January 27, 2018 Report
"I would have freaked out a lot more if I hadn't seen somebody go through it already," he said.
"The writing was very accurate. The surgeon said he was surprised the show prompted me to do it.
"Coronation Street might have saved my life. It helped me get potentially life-saving surgery and I will be forever grateful."
Image copyright Emily Wray Image caption Scott Wray is a big fan of Coronation Street
The couple have since been interviewed on BBC Radio Manchester and got a surprise when Tristan joined them on air.
The actor told him: "Everyone at Corrie is completely over the moon that our story has led to this situation.
"We wish you all the best, Hopefully the outlook will be bright for you."
Image copyright Karen Newell Image caption Sledging down a snowy mountain is one experience Fred Howe has already ticked off
An eight-year-old boy who dreams of swimming with sharks has created a visual bucket list of things he wants to see before he loses his sight.
Fred Howe has a rare eye disease called retinal folds meaning his impaired sight could soon deteriorate further.
He has already ticked off a few, including a sail on the Thames and meeting his favourite CBeebies stars.
Fred, from Haxby, York, is said to be "obsessed" with sharks and wants to get up close to them.
He also aims to travel to Disneyland Paris on the Eurostar to "give Mickey a high five" and meet a Bavarian mountain owl "almost as big as me".
Other experiences on Fred's list include:
Swim in a really warm sea with a coral reef
Sleep in a massive knights tent with a bed at Warwick Castle
Ride a bicycle made for two so my mum can do all the pedalling
Build a secret garden den
Be a zookeeper for the day
Image copyright Karen Newell Image caption Another of Fred's aims was to feed penguins at the Deep aquarium in Hull
His mother Karen Newell called Fred, who is nicknamed 'Fantastic Mr Fred' by his family, an "amazing, fearless boy" who "just gets on with life".
"One eye he doesn't really see much out of at all, just light and dark, the other eye he can probably see a couple of metres ahead of him," she said.
"It's stable at the moment and we're hoping for as many years of sight as we can but it's not a nice thing to have a progressive disease so we're trying to do as much as we can, while we can."
On the list, Fred writes that his mother would prefer him to swim with dolphins instead of sharks "as they're kinder and don't bite your bum".
You may also like:
His mother said the family want to "build up his visual memory so if his sight does deteriorate sooner rather than later then he can recall those experiences and build on them".
"In a zoo the animals are usually far away and you just can't see them, so feeding experiences have been wonderful," she added.
"We're not saying it's all doom and gloom if Fred's sight goes, it's just a case of trying to build up the list so he understands more about the world."
0:45 New Year's Eve in uptown Charlotte Pause
1:00 Cam Newton after season-ending loss: I need a rest, time away
1:23 Curry Laksa at Co Charlotte
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
4:15 Roy Cooper sworn in as NC governor minutes after midnight
3:38 We'll be there
0:52 Shoppers seek sales at area malls
0:23 Weddington Warriors are 3AA champions
3:07 So what can Trump actually do in his first 100 days?
A San Francisco hospital has received multiple victims from a shooting at a sprawling UPS warehouse and customer service center.
A San Francisco hospital has received multiple victims from a shooting at a sprawling UPS warehouse and customer service center.
By PAUL ELIAS and JOCELYN GECKERAssociated Press
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) - A UPS employee who had recently filed a grievance opened fire Wednesday inside one of the company's San Francisco packing facilities, killing three co-workers before fatally shooting himself as employees fled frantically into the streets shouting "shooter!," authorities and witnesses said.
The gunman, Jimmy Lam, filed the grievance in March complaining that he was working excessive overtime, Joseph Cilia, an official with a Teamsters Union local that represents UPS workers in San Francisco, told The Associated Press.
Still, Cilia said Lam wasn't angry, and he could not understand why he would open fire on fellow drivers at a morning meeting. Lam appeared to target the three drivers who died, chasing at least one of them out of the building, Cilia said. Cilia said he spoke to witnesses who had been in the meeting of UPS drivers.
"I never knew Jimmy to not get along with people," Cilia said. "Jimmy wasn't a big complainer."
Two other UPS employees were wounded, but Cilia said both were released from the hospital.
Amid a barrage of gunfire, some workers sought refuge on the roof of the four-story facility, while others ran outside and pounded on the windows of a public bus, witnesses said.
"They were screaming, 'Go! Go! Go!'" said Jessica Franklin, 30, who was riding to work when the bus made a regular stop in front of the UPS facility. "As they got on the bus, they were all ducking."
The shooting that prompted a massive police response in one of the city's industrial neighborhoods, about two miles from downtown San Francisco, Assistant Police Chief Toney Chaplin told reporters.
UPS spokesman Steve Gaut said the shooter was a company employee. A San Francisco Police Department official identified him as Jimmy Lam of San Francisco but had no immediate details on his background, noting the name is common in the San Francisco Bay Area and finding information required significant record searches.
The official spoke on condition of anonymity because the investigation is ongoing.
Officials, UPS employees and witnesses described chaos as shots rang out during a morning meeting before drivers were sent on their delivery routes.
Police have not yet released victims' names but families and friends identified one of the people killed as 46-year-old Mike Lefiti, a UPS driver.
Lefiti's cousin, Mack Toia, told KGO-TV (http://abc7ne.ws/2sch61d) he was at the UPS facility waiting to pick up Lefiti when he heard shots. He left his van and saw his cousin sprawled on concrete behind a gate, Toia said.
"The police officers were right on the scene just like that. I got to touch him, but I couldn't hug him," Toia said. "They just pushed me away because they were trying to resuscitate him."
Toia said he was able to tell Lefiti he loved him.
Co-worker Isaiah Miggins said he saw Lefiti, known as "Big Mike," as he arrived for work just before 9 a.m., a few minutes before the shooting started. "He was a joyful man. Always happy," Miggins said.
On social media, heartbroken family members of Lefiti recalled him as a warm-spirited man devoted to his children and family. A photo on his Facebook page shows Lefiti in his brown UPS uniform holding a trophy. He also posted photos of his UPS truck and an award for 15 years of service to the company in 2015.
Neighbor Raymond Deng said he heard up to eight gunshots.
"They were all in rapid succession," said Deng, a 30-year-old tech worker who lives across the street from the warehouse. "It was like tat, tat, tat, tat, tat, tat, tat."
Police arrived in minutes.
"This was a frightful scene," Chaplin said. He said officers found two victims outside and others inside and pulled the wounded to safety as they confronted the gunman, who was armed with an "assault pistol."
"The suspect put the gun to his head and discharged the weapon," Chaplin said, adding that police did not fire any shots.
Chaplin said police have not determined a motive and were interviewing families of victims and witnesses to piece together what led the gunman to act.
Mayor Ed Lee condemned the violence and praised authorities for a "very proactive response."
"It could have been worse," he said. "Lives were saved today."
It was not immediately clear how many employees were at the facility, but UPS said the warehouse employs 350 people. The shooter and all the victims were employees, UPS said in a statement.
UPS driver Marvin Calderon told KNTV that he recognized the gunman as a fellow employee but did not know him personally.
"I just started running out like crazy, like I've never run before," Calderon told the TV station.
After the gunfire, auto shop owner Robert Kim said he saw "a mob of UPS drivers" running down the street screaming "shooter, shooter."
Deng watched from his window in the Potrero Hill section of San Francisco as workers fled the building. He said another group of about 10 people gathered on the roof and held up their hands waving for help.
"I saw police officers go up from the ramp and then storm the buildings," he said. "It's crazy."
The shooting occurred the same day a gunman opened fire on Republican lawmakers at a congressional baseball practice in Virginia, wounding U.S. Rep. Steve Scalise of Louisiana and several others.
___
AP writers Janie Har, Sudhin Thanawala and Linda Wang in San Francisco and Mike Balsamo contributed reporting from Los Angeles.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
There is so much evidence piling up in the Manhattan federal case against a man who was once one of Gov. Cuomo's most trusted aides that his lawyers don't think they'll be ready for trial, according to court papers.
Evidence in the bribery case against Joe Percoco — including 11 million pages of material and images from 22 electronic devices — has been so voluminous that reviewing it has proven to be a “Herculean task,” his lawyer complained in a filing Tuesday.
“We estimate that even laying eyes on a third of the 11 million pages would take a five-person team well into 2018,” lawyer Barry A. Bohrer wrote on behalf of Percoco and three other defendants in the nine-defendant case.
As a result, Percoco doesn't see setting a trial for anytime soon — unless the government agrees to share the specific evidence it plans to use at trial, Bohrer wrote in the letter to Manhattan federal Judge Valerie Caproni.
“We believe that early disclosure of the Government's exhibit list …. might make possible, albeit with great difficulty, a trial in January of 2018,” Bohrer wrote in the letter.
Percoco — who was so close to the Cuomos he was referred to as a “third son” by the Gov.'s dad — stands accused of shaking down $315,000 in bribes from two companies looking to do business with the state. The former political aide, who is now an executive at Madison Square Garden, referred to bribe payments as “ziti,” a reference from “The Sopranos,” the feds have said.
“OK. will deal with it after I get my ziti!” Percoco allegedly wrote in a 2014 e-mail to Cuomo aide-turned-lobbyist Todd Howe, who pleaded guilty and is cooperating with the feds.
The request for more time — barring a massive assist from the feds — was co-signed by lawyers for Peter Galbraith Kelly, a former executive of energy company Competitive Power Ventures, and COR Development Co. executives Steven Aiello and Joseph Gerardi.
The judge could rule on the issue at a hearing on Thursday.
The Sept. 22 arrest of Percoco and his alleged cronies rocked Albany capital and tainted Cuomo's signature “Buffalo A Billion” economic-revitalization project, which opened the door to bid-rigging in exchange for bribes, the feds have said.
The Gov. has said he could be called to testify at the trial — if one is ever scheduled.
“I could be. I haven't envisioned it,” Cuomo told reporters in December. “No one has suggested that. I think the question would be more it's up to the nine defendants who they call in their defense, so you don't really know.”
Man who died after cops tased him was high on coke, bath salts The death of a Bronx man who was Tased by cops in November was ruled a homicide — and he was high on cocaine and an ingredient found in bath...
Gov. Cuomo inks 'bath salts' drug ban Gov. Cuomo finally signed legislation Thursday outlawing “bath salts” — the designer drug peddled to club kids as a supposedly pure form of ecstasy called Molly — after The Post...
Any articles or press releases must contain contact information including your telephone number, exceptions being made for writers from inside Eritrea only. If you are writing from Eritrea, state that you are writing from Eritrea and you will be given instruction to securely verify that you are actually writing from Eritrea.
No google phone or VOIP phone numbers are allowed. Each submission must have the following line: contact informationfollowed by a telephone number, your full real name; that is, even if you desire to use a different "pen name".
We have added strict SPAM filter on our Email Server, any email that has more than one recipient and not addressed to the proper asmarino pages (English, Tigrigna, Arabic pages) will be stored in the junk folder possibly delaying posting or never be posted.
From now onward, we are not going to accept multiple postingsof articles. Exceptions will be made when an article is also posted at another website with a different audience, with little or no overlap with asmarino audience.
Thank you for your cooperation.
Tobin Heath has played in front of tens of thousands of people in Beijing, Germany and Rio de Janeiro, winning two Olympic gold medals and one World Cup trophy in her nine-year career with the United States women's national team.
Somehow her spotlight felt brighter during the United States' 1-0 loss to England on Saturday at Red Bull Arena in the second game of the four-team, round-robin SheBelieves Cup. England shocked the top-seeded Americans on substitute Ellen White's goal in the 89th minute. It is the first time England has beaten the U.S. since a friendly in 2011.
Approximately 800 people from her family and former club team packed the stands to see the 2016 US Female Player of the Year in action, just 30 miles from her hometown of Basking Ridge, N.J.
“It's always an honor and a privilege to play in front of supporters from the club I grew up with,” Heath said after the game. “It's never fun to lose, but I thought it was a really competitive game.”
Entering the game in the 76th minute for captain Carli Lloyd to a cacophony of screams, Heath didn't disappoint her fans with a flurry of cutback moves and one-touch passes.
“The girls look up to Tobin because she's willing to give back,” said Tom Anderson, president of Players Development Academy and Heath's youth soccer coach. “And when she comes back, she'll jump into a practice and play keepaway with the girls.”
When Heath first joined the national team in 2008, as a 20-year-old junior out of the University of North Carolina, coaches turned her playing time into its own game of keepaway.
“Tobin used to be a player who wasn't as professional off the field and didn't realize she had to take care of her body,” Lloyd said, “but she's taken her game to another level. I think she's learning when to do her cheeky stuff and when to connect and play one and two touches.”
Earning her 129th cap (international appearance) Saturday, Heath, 29, has become indispensable in coach Jill Ellis' midfield. Heath's breakout 2016 season, during which she recorded a career-best six goals and eight assists on her way to claiming the top national award and challenging Lloyd for FIFA Player of the Year, came as no surprise to those who knew her.
“Last year, when they started to look at the common denominator and away from the big scorers, there's Tobin Heath,” Tim Heath, Tobin's uncle, said. “She gets the job done, she does what she's supposed to do. She's always been a giver, a natural playmaker.”
As a young girl, Heath stood out from the pack because of the hours she spent watching soccer and drilling moves outside of training, making her a “master of the ball,” in the words of Glenn Crooks, who previously coached Heath with New Jersey's Olympic Development Program as well as Lloyd at Rutgers.
Heath was playing a European style of soccer long before many of her American teammates made a point to experience the game overseas, like Lloyd signing this year with Manchester City, Alex Morgan with Olympique Lyonnais and Crystal Dunn with Chelsea.
“Tobin's been one of our most consistent players,” Ellis said. “She's one of the best one-[on]-one player in the world. She's dynamic and accountable on both sides of the ball.”
Promising for Ellis, and frightening for her opponents, Heath will never stop finding skills to add to her arsenal.
“Just like the time she nutmegged her mom in the kitchen,” Crooks said of Tobin kicking the ball between her parent's legs. “Tobin will keep getting better because there will always be another move that she learns.”
НТВ в социальных сетях twitter
facebook
google
vk
odnoklassniki
instagram
telegram
'); StatBanner('btw', bl); } else { show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); } } } function mailru_ads(data, el) { if(data && data.length > 0) { var ban_location = $(el).attr("ntv-loc"); var bl = parseInt(ban_location); if(bl == 3 && typeof b240_callback !== 'undefined') { try { window[b240_callback](); } catch(e) {} } StatBanner('all', bl); } } (MRGtag = window.MRGtag || []).push({ onNoAds:function(resp) { mailru_noAds(resp); }, onAdsLoaded: function(data, el){ mailru_ads(data, el); }, iframeMode: false }); function StatBanner(type, place) { if (type == 'all') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_showed" }); } if (type == 'noAds') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_mailru_error" }); } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_top" }); try { reachGoal('banner_error_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_ntv_showed" }); } if (type == 'btw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_showed" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_showed'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'nobtw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_error" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_error'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4_ntv" }); } } $(function() { var o = document.createElement('vid' + 'eo'); if(isFInst && (!o || !o.canPlayType || !o.canPlayType('video/mp4; codecs="avc1.640029, mp4a.40.2"'))) { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "html5_media_support" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('html5_media_support'); } catch (e) {} } }); // -->
The U.S. Supreme Court upheld an administrative review system that has helped Google Inc., Apple Inc. and other companies invalidate hundreds of issued patents.
The justices, voting 7-2 on Tuesday, said a review board that critics call a patent "death squad" wasn't unconstitutionally wielding powers that belong to the courts.
Silicon Valley companies have used the system as a less-expensive way to ward off demands for royalties, particularly from patent owners derided as "trolls" because they don't use their patents to make products.
The ruling caused shares to drop in companies whose main source of revenue -- their patents -- are under threat from challenges. VirnetX Holding Corp., which is trying to protect almost $1 billion in damages it won against Apple, dropped as much as 12 percent. The patent office has said its patents are invalid in a case currently before an appeals court.
The court's ruling “will reassure, if not embolden, patent challengers,” said Christopher Bruno, a patent lawyer with Schiff Hardin. Patent owners are likely to turn their focus to asking courts to scrutinize some of the procedures used by the board, he said.
‘Public Rights'
Drugmakers, research companies and independent inventors criticized the Patent and Trademark Office system, saying it makes it harder to fend off competitors and protect their ideas from copycats. Congress set up the system in 2011.
Justice Clarence Thomas wrote the court's majority opinion, rejecting contentions that issued patents are the type of rights that must be adjudicated in the federal courts.
"The decision to grant a patent is a matter involving public rights -- specifically, the grant of a public franchise," Thomas wrote. The review system "is simply a reconsideration of that grant, and Congress has permissibly reserved the PTO's authority to conduct that reconsideration."
Chief Justice John Roberts and Justice Neil Gorsuch dissented.
Since the reviews began in 2012, more than 7,000 petitions have been filed, primarily on computer and high-tech patents.
The case is Oil States v. Greene's Energy Group, 16-712.
The Mark Hotel, located in one of Manhattan's most coveted and discreet locations a stone's throw from Central Park and the Metropolitan Museum of Art, received the top rating in Bilanz, Switzerland's leading business magazine, which gave the property its much anticipated and coveted #1 rating in The World's 100 Best City Hotels Award.
The Mark is an international leader in hospitality that has become the hotel of choice for a savvy clientele of global power players since it re-opened almost a decade ago after a bold renovation by French interior designer Jacques Grange; it was Mr. Grange's very first commercial project in the United States.
Bilanz's rating follows a long list of awards and accolades The Mark has received over the years since its re-imagination by Grange, including Condé Nast Traveler's Hot List and Gold List for several years in a row, Condé Nast Traveler's Reader's Choice Awards in 2014 & 2016, U.S. News & World Report Best Hotels list in 2014, 2015 & 2017, as well as Travel & Leisure's Gold List, to name a few.
How much of gold's recent strength is due to geopolitical worries about Syria and North Korea? Surprisingly little, as it turns out.
You therefore may want to think again if you are betting on gold GCM7, -0.36% as a hedge against an escalation of geopolitical tensions. I know this advice runs counter to the conventional wisdom that gold is a safe haven, much in the same way that U.S. Treasurys reliably rally whenever there is trouble anywhere in the world. But history does not support that same conventional wisdom about gold.
Richard Thaler: Here's the best investing strategy (1:31) Professor Richard Thaler, an expert in behavioral economics, talked to MarketWatch about his 'lazy' investing strategy that allows investors to maximize their returns while doing very little.
Consider how gold performed during the most momentous geopolitical events of the 1980s and 1990s. I compiled a list of these events from two sources. The first is a study that appeared in the Journal of Portfolio Management in 1989, written by economics professors David Cutler, Lawrence Summers, and James Poterba (Poterba is at MIT; Cutler and Summers are at Harvard University). Their study focused on the most momentous non-economic events in U.S. history. The second is a list of crisis events compiled by Ned Davis Research. (I didn't extend my list to prior decades because it was only in the mid 1970s that gold started to freely trade in the U.S.)
During the 18 crises on my list over those two decades, gold bullion fell during 11 of them — or 61% of the time. Its average return across all 18 was a loss of 1.8%. About the only consolation a gold investor can draw from these results is that gold didn't perform as poorly as the Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, +0.90% , which fell an average of 4.9% during those same crises. (See chart, below.)
This result is broadly consistent with what was found in a National Bureau of Economic Research study several years ago by Duke University professor Campbell Harvey and Claude Erb, a former commodity and fixed-income manager at TCW Group. Rather than try to independently determine a list of the worst geopolitical crises, they used the S&P 500 SPX, +0.86% as their gauge: If the index fell by a lot, it must be indicative of some sort of trouble.
The researchers found that gold fell almost as often as it gained during those months of big S&P 500 losses. Specifically, they found that gold fell during 47% of the months when the S&P experienced those declines, and rose 53% of the time.
Bottom line: If you want a more reliable safe haven asset, your best bet is U.S. Treasurys. If you want to continue betting on gold, you should find a different rationale than its allegedly being a safe haven.
For more information, including descriptions of the Hulbert Sentiment Indices, go to www.hulbertratings.com or email mark@hulbertratings.com
Share Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Apple has released iMovie 10.1.9, adding support for the iPhone X and additional iPad resolutions and fixing bugs. The release resolves an issue that could prevent logging into Facebook, fixes a bug that could cause HEVC video clips and HEIF photos to appear black in the viewer, stops iMovie from hanging when quitting, addresses an issue that could lead to slower media import from SD cards on an iMac Pro, and improves stability when working with Camtwist Studio. (Free from the Mac App Store, 2.3 GB, 10.13.2+)
No one likes getting bogged down in the workplace. Everyone should have the chance to take a break from their routine to keep the creative juices flowing. MSNBC's JJ Ramberg has some ideas about how you and your team can have more fun in the office. Yes, it's possible!
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed 3 ways to have some fun at work 1:33 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
CLAYTON, Ohio (WDTN) — Several people were taken to the hospital after a single-vehicle crash near Clayton.
The crash happened around midnight in the westbound lanes of I-70 near the Hoke Road exit. The car ran off the right side of the road and up an embankment before rolling over.
The Ohio State Highway Patrol says five medics were called to the scene to assist people hurt in the crash.
OSP says a juvenile was driving. Investigators aren't sure if the people in the car were wearing seatbelts.
The cause of the crash is under investigation.
OSP did not release conditions on any of the people in the car.
The Sharks are not scoring. The Sharks are also not getting any younger while they wait to score. There's a tendency to conflate those two things.
Related Articles Kawakami: My series prediction–Warriors in a sweep
Purdy: Sharks turn power play salad into inedible defeat
Purdy: Todd McLellan is planted in Edmonton but still has roots (and wife and son) in San Jose
Purdy: The playoff Sharks of 2016 return just in time to post an overtime victory
Purdy: Sharks' playoff experience will count more than Oilers series progresses That conflation might even be fair. As the Edmonton Oilers have taken a 2-1 lead in the best-of-seven series that continues Tuesday night, it's been apparent to anyone with eyeballs that the Sharks are indeed the older and occasionally slower team.
The math also doesn't lie. Let's look at the birthdays for the 18 skaters, plus goalie Martin Jones, who dressed for the Sharks in Game 2 on Sunday. Their average age: 29.05 years.
Now, look at the 18 Edmonton skaters, plus goalie Cam Talbot, who dressed for the same game. Average age: 25.79 years.
It all makes for an easy meme: The Sharks are being worn down and out-millenialed by the young whippersnapper Oilers, which is why they have pulled out the last two decisions in the latter half of the games.
I don't buy it. The beloved Los Tiburones are struggling in the series. They've had the lead for zero minutes in the run of play because their only victory was on a sudden-death overtime goal in Game 1. But it's happening because they are not bearing down to bury their chances and failing miserably all but once on their power plays. That has nothing to do with speed or birthdays. It also has only slightly to do with the fact that the Sharks' top two centers, Joe Thornton and Logan Couture, are visibly still recovering from injuries.
No, this has everything to do with winning just one more individual battle along the boards or in front of the net at a crucial moment. The results of those battles are more about strength and sharpness. And in Game 2, when the Sharks were sloppy and gave up two shorthanded goals, that was more about carelessness and lack of execution. Edmonton's speed and energy have been largely contained and handled. The Oilers have won two of three games because, give them full credit, they have been better at seizing the moment. The Sharks, not so much.
Now, if the series progresses and the Oilers do demonstrate that their younger legs and superior vitality are a difference-makers, then it will be easier to buy the San-Jose-has-too-many-geezers argument. But it's hard to make that case when two of the Sharks' older players, winger Joel Ward and defenseman Paul Martin (both 36 years old) have been responsible for 66 percent of the goals the team has scored. Ward and Martin have also been two of the better Sharks away from the puck.
There's no denying that the Sharks' most prominent faces, such as Thornton (37) and Patrick Marleau (37) and even Brent Burns (32), are closer to the exit ramps than entrance ramps of their careers. Joe Pavelski (32) also has plenty of miles on his old-ometer. But Sharks coach Pete DeBoer is patiently defensive when someone uses the “O” word to describe his team.
“I don't look at it that way,” said DeBoer after Monday's practice. “I look at it as if we have nice blend of young speed and exuberance and veterans who still have a lot of gas left in the tank. I don't consider ‘old' to be even in our vocabulary around here.”
Addressing the same issue, Martin more or less flipped it around, saying that people looking to rationalize the Sharks' victory in Game 1 could contend that Edmonton's players “are too young and don't have experience.”
(Maybe Martin has been reading my column.)
“Hey, you just want to win hockey games,” Martin said. “We did it last year and had a nice run and I'm pretty sure we were one of the older teams then, too. You've still got to play the game a certain way. And we have guys that can skate, as well.”
The Sharks have no one, however, who can skate the way McDavid can skate.
“He is so dynamic and he's one of the faster players around,” Martin said. “And we don't have a guy at that level. So maybe it makes it seem like we can't keep up. But we've got a lot of good guys and can try to use all five of us on the ice to keep him in check.”
Tuesday is plainly a fulcrum game in the series. The Sharks don't need to be reminded. This could be their best shot at Edmonton for a long while. These Oilers of 2017 remind me of the Los Angeles Kings team that the Sharks faced in the playoff spring of 2011. You could tell that those Kings were on a heavy upswing and were going to be very, very good in the future. Their roster featured a 21-year-old Drew Doughty, a 23-year old Anze Kopitar and other young talent. Jonathan Quick, the goalie, had just turned 25.
The catch was, none of them had yet won a playoff series. They needed to learn how tough it was to do so. In the 2011 first round, the Sharks and their more experienced lineup managed to grind out a six-game series victory. But as we all know, those core Kings players went on to win two of the next three Stanley Cups.
Edmonton's current team has that same feel. They have ascending young stars such as McDavid (20) and Leon Draisaitl (21) and Oscar Klefbom (23). All supremely gifted. All serious about their craft. But just like those 2011 Kings, you wonder if these 2017 Oilers know how difficult it is to close out a series. We're going to learn over the next several days. The Sharks need to get serious about bringing every bit of stamina and playoff knowledge they own to SAP Center on Tuesday night.
The Sharks are older. I don't think they are old. Yet.
IT HAS BEEN revealed this morning that the government must pass a new law in order to ensure that passenger flight details can be passed onto other EU countries (and others) and international police organisation Interpol.
This is in order to satisfy the EU's Passenger Name Directive, the stated purpose of which is the prevention, detection and prosecution of terrorism and other serious crimes.
In effect this means that the details (including names, travel dates, contact numbers, payment details, and baggage information, but not including data on race, political opinions, religious beliefs, sexual orientation etc) of all passengers travelling on Irish flights can be shared externally by airlines and travel agents.
The security directive is applicable to all EU countries. But is it something you would be happy about?
We're asking: Are you comfortable with your flight details being shared with other countries?
South Africa's state-owned Central Energy Fund has applied to invalidate 2015 contracts for the sale of crude oil to Taleveras Group and joint ventures led by Vitol Group and Glencore Plc.
The sale of 10 million barrels of oil reserves by the CEF's Strategic Fuel Fund when prices languished near an eight-year low was probed by the Energy Department. The CEF filed a founding affidavit on March 12 to declare the contracts invalid, spokesman Jacky Mashapu said in a text message. He declined to comment further.
The Strategic Fuel Fund had previously described the transaction as a rotation of stocks, and in October Taleveras said the fund should have used the proceeds of the sale to buy fresh reserves.
Glencore declined to comment. Vitol and Taleveras didn't immediately respond to emails seeking comment.
Although one would hope the media would have been simply stating the facts and observing the activities near Standing Rock, I must ask: Is the average citizen aware of the protesters' repercussions on the environment in that region? ND Fish and Wildlife Service asked television media to document and broadcast video of some of the protesters in hopes of identifying these individuals. With all the feature stories regarding how protesters came together behind an issue, there was little coverage regarding how they acted in the area.
There is video of protesters near the campsites chasing a deer to exhaustion, then attempting to drown the deer to death before ultimately stabbing it with pocket knives. A rancher reported a prize-winning bison had disappeared off his property and in the areas near the campsites, there were bodies found of horses, cattle and bison in various stages of having been butchered or had disappeared off ranchers' properties. Local residents and law enforcement also reported that groups of protesters "disposed" of human waste and garbage improperly. These are the same people fighting to "protect the environment." Did any of this make the national news? No, and if it had, I would be shocked to think that the protests would have seen the same levels of public support.
Regardless of your political opinions on DAPL, the amount of hypocrisy that occurred at Standing Rock sickens me. I can only imagine the outrage that would have occurred if all aspects of this issue were publicly acknowledged, and not just the construction of the pipeline itself.
Connor lives in West Fargo.
Amtrak will overhaul the decrepit rails in and around Penn Station this summer — with multitrack shutdowns creating nightmarish commutes for tens of thousands of LIRR and NJ Transit riders, officials said Thursday.
The construction will take place every day of the week, with some tracks out of commission around the clock, said Amtrak CEO Wick Moorman, who added he's shooting for a completion sometime in September.
Sources told The Post the railroad would try to tackle only four of the station's 21 tracks at a time, but Moorman would not commit to that.
“I don't make any guarantees about disruptions,” he said. “Our target is that the minimum number of tracks to be impacted and minimum number of people to be impacted while getting this work done.”
The tracks are in such poor condition that the company has to do all repairs at once instead of spreading them out over years as originally planned, said Moorman.
“The events of the past month have shown we have to step up our game and get the work done immediately,” he said.
The repairs will include replacement of timber, steel, switch­es and electrical components.
“It is all at a point where it needs to be renewed rather than keep trying to repair it,” said Moorman.
There have been two derailments at Penn Station in the past five weeks that have severely hampered train traffic — especially for LIRR and NJ Transit customers.
The most recent derailment, on April 3, caused an entire week of delays and cancellations as Amtrak scrambled to replace aging timber and switches.
Riders were glad to hear that Amtrak is making repairs, but expressed skepticism that the work would be done properly.
“It's going to be a disaster,” predicted Blake Drescher, who takes commutes from Huntington, LI. “They're probably going to have to run less trains and they're already packed.
“People are paying almost $400 a month to stand around every day,” he added.
MTA and NJ Transit officials said they expect Amtrak to consult them every step of the way.
“The MTA's top priorities are ensuring the safety of our riders and that Amtrak keeps service disruptions due to their repair work to the minimal amount possible,” said MTA spokeswoman Beth DeFalco.
Additional reporting by Jennifer Bain
If you read William Micklem's latest EN column — Does Size Matter? In Praise of Smaller Horses — then you'll love this helmet cam starring Hwin, a 14.1-hand Mustang mare, pinging around the Training cross-country course at River Glen Horse Trials.
Team Tredstep rider Elisa Wallace and Hwin added one show jumping rail to their dressage score to finish 11th in their division on 45.0. It's clear watching the video that Hwin loves her job — look at those pricked ears! Go Hwin. Go Eventing.
Yes, really. As the music and magic of Britney Spears heads to Jungle for an ‘Icon' tribute night, we celebrate her best influences.
By Mike Fleming
While she may not be the first person we all think of for life advice, 20-20 hindsight gives us perspective on a perennial pop princess. Even with a year on the record of shaving her head, driving with a baby in her lap, and public meltdowns, there's a lot to love about Britney Spears.
Think sexy. Think fierce. Think Vegas.
The party queens of For All Humans get it. They plan ‘Icon: A Celebration of Britney Spears' for Saturday, Jan. 18 at Jungle. Look for dance, song and drag performances by Michael Robinson, John James, Biqtch Puddin', Peaches, Josette, LaRico Potts, Melissa Coffey and Diego Serna.
You get a chance to shine as well. Dress on theme or just wear your best look to move to Britney beats by DJ Fannie Mae Breezy with pics by your host Barry Brandon of For All Humans.
But before all that can go down, we psyche you up for the event and hit you baby one more time with Britney songs that got us all through tough times with real talk. Take a walk down Memory Lane and download the ones you're missing.
Baby One More Time
If we didn't know quite how to handle our first crush, we learned to ask, ‘What Would Britney Do?' and the answer was being coy, be flirty, and be sexy AF!
Lucky
Even when you've supposedly got it all, Britney knows that the question remains: Why are you sometimes still not happy? Loneliness, is a bitch, honey.
Toxic
When we're addicted to a man against our better judgment, Britney is there for us. She knows feels our pleasure-pain.
I'm a Slave 4 U
Remember when you were a newbie in the club and all you wanted to do was dance and meet “that guy over there”? Britney remembers too.
Toy Soldier
As we started growing up, so did our girl. Never forget the day that Britney and this song helped us realize that we need a man, not a boy.
Radar
So the girl turned into a woman who knows what she wants and intends to get it. Oh right, Britney too.
Womanizer
Just as we had been around the block a time or two, we were ready to tell others about what we learned from some of those scrubs.
Shattered Glass
Trying to protect ourselves doesn't always work out, and we get cheated on. Britney shows us how to not just get mad, but get even.
Work Bitch
Who taught us how to fully realize our baddest selves and flaunt it? You know who: It's Britney, bitch.
(You Drive Me) Crazy
Even with all our experience, some guys keep us up all night. Ms. Spears is tossing and turning right there with us – to a beat.
Icon: A Celebration of Britney Spears takes place Saturday, Feb. 18, 10:30 p.m. at Jungle, 2115 Faulkner Road NE. jungleatl.com
Portable tools for condition data collection and monitoring provide an efficient and economical alternative to earlier approaches. Portability gives equipment-facing personnel in operations and maintenance an opportunity to capture and act on changing conditions as needed – at any time, from anywhere.
On-site condition reporting
Portability is ideal for tackling unexpected or intermittent conditions as well as routine concerns on the plant floor. The FactoryTalk TeamONE smartphone app from Rockwell Automation focuses on increasing worker productivity by providing near-instantaneous incident and device data and allowing for collaboration among plant-floor, engineering and IT workers. Incidents are posted in the iOS or Android app and shared with others for analysis, and the identified solution is posted for execution.
“We are able to drive a reduction in mean time to repair through team collaboration, live device diagnostics, and interactive machine alarms,” says Kyle Reissner, mobility platform leader at Rockwell Automation.
Technology Toolbox This article is part of our monthly Technology Toolbox column. Read more from Sheila Kennedy.
Walk-around condition monitoring
Solutions designed for walk-around condition monitoring let analysts spend less time collecting data and more time analyzing it. GE's Bently Nevada SCOUT200 Series is a rugged system that features a lightweight hip-mounted wireless vibration data collector (the intrinsically safe SCOUT220-IS model or COMMTEST220 non-IS-rated model) that streams data via Bluetooth to a durable Android smartphone. The system has full connectivity with GE's System 1 software for diagnostics.
“Portables provide a solid foundation and are a valuable component in any condition monitoring program,” says Chris McMillen, distributed hardware product manager at GE.
The small, military-grade, IP67-rated Auguscope from Augury records vibration and ultrasonic sensor data for mechanical diagnostics, leak detection, pump cavitation, and steam-trap issues. The technician attaches a magnetic sensor to the machine's body and initiates recording from his or her smartphone. That data is sent to Augury's servers for analysis.
If you can use Facebook or Twitter, then you can use the Auguscope, suggests Saar Yoskovitz, CEO and co-founder of Augury. “The Auguscope app combines an extremely intuitive user interface with cloud-based algorithms to deliver real-time machine diagnostics and treatment recommendations to users' smartphones,” he says.
The TRIO line of vibration data collectors and analyzers from Azima DLI can be worn on a belt, carried, or slung over the shoulder by technicians or operators. TRIO features four simultaneous channels of vibration data and a dedicated tachometer, plus wireless Bluetooth acquisition and voice recognition technology that allows routine or complex troubleshooting data to be collected from a safe distance.
Putting the data in the cloud gets more people involved in diagnosis and repair decisions. “Data is data; it is what you do with it that really matters,” explains Michael DeMaria, director of product management and training at Azima DLI.
IMI Sensors manufactures a suite of accelerometers to optimize walk-around vibration monitoring routes. The sensors include 5000g+ shock protection to guard against damage from accidental overloads during sensor mounting and removal. Integral magnetic bases and/or cables minimize sensor installation time at each individual route stop. Coiled cables and breakaway connectors enhance convenience and safety for the technician.
“IMI Sensors provides tools that facilitate expeditious measurements while ensuring the safety of the technician,” says Meredith Christman, product manager at IMI Sensors.
The OM-DAQXL Series data logger from Omega Engineering is a handheld multichannel touchscreen data logger available with eight or 16 universal inputs. It is suited for automation environments in which high-speed measurements are needed – for example, in chemical, water treatment, or HVAC process monitoring facilities.
In the plastics industry, for example, the OM-DAQXL can be used to measure temperature sensors (thermocouples or RTDs) and pressure transducers used in various types of plastics processing machinery, including injection-molding machines and extruders, says Anthony Corvini, DAS and automation product manager at Omega Engineering.
Movable condition sensors
With Fluke Condition Monitoring, rugged wireless sensors for voltage, current, temperature, and power can be easily connected and left in place or disconnected and moved where needed. A gateway receives the sensor signals from up to 30 feet away and sends the measurements and alarms to cloud-based software that is viewable from a computer or mobile device.
“The Fluke Condition Monitoring system allows maintenance managers to see more of what is going on in their plant without needing more people. They can monitor from their office. They can monitor from the plant floor. They can even monitor from their couch,” says Weishung Liu, product planner at Fluke.
INDIANAPOLIS (WISH) — The Indianapolis Power & Light Co. is sending a warning to customers: Don't fall for the scam.
A company spokesperson said IPL noticed a significant increase in scam reports Monday. The company took to Twitter, warning customers that scammers are calling and demanding immediate payment by prepaid debit card.
Jason Strachman of Lawrence said he didn't recognize the number, but the caller knew his name and address. They said he owed money.
“It was freaky and scary because they knew so much about me without me having to provide them any information,” Strachman said. “That's why it sounded so legitimate.”
He grew frustrated, hung up and looked up IPL's number himself. A real IPL worker told him he'd just avoided a scam.
“The biggest red flag that customers should be aware of is that demand of immediate payment,” IPL spokesperson Claire Dalton said. “We will never demand that over the phone.”
A 24-Hour News 8 reporter called a number that Strachman said the scammer gave him. The reporter heard an automated message saying he'd reached IPL. He pressed “5” to talk to a real person and asked if he was speaking to a scammer. That's when the call was disconnected.
IPL also encourages people to report the scams to the police.
24-Hour News 8 left a message with Indianapolis Metropolitan Police Department asking if they are investigating. They had not yet responded by Monday night.
The following is a list of open wheel events taking place October 6 – 8, 2017 presented by Allstar Performance. We try our best to keep the schedule updated, but we are not always made aware of schedule changes or cancellations. Always check and verify before attending any event. If you see an event that is missing or listed incorrectly please contact us with the correct information.
Friday October 6, 2017
10/6/2017: Afton Motorsports Park – Afton, NY – Capital Region Sprintcar Agency10/6/2017: Anderson Motor Speedway – Williamston, SC – Must See Racing10/6/2017: Atomic Speedway – Chillicothe, OH – Winged 305 Sprint Cars10/6/2017: Deep South Speedway – Loxley, AL – ASCS – Southern Outlaw Sprints10/6/2017: El Paso County Raceway – Calhan, CO – ASCS – National Tour10/6/2017: Fairbury American Legion Speedway – Fairbury, IL – Interstate Racing Association / Midwest Open Wheel Association – FALS Classic
10/6/2017: Fairbury American Legion Speedway – Fairbury, IL – POWRi – Wingless Auto Racing / POWRi – Wingless Auto Racing East Series – FALS Classic
10/6/2017: Fairbury American Legion Speedway – Fairbury, IL – Wisconsin WingLESS Sprint Cars – FALS Classic
10/6/2017: Mercer Raceway Park – Mercer, PA – Winged 305 Sprint Cars – Little Guy Nationals
10/6/2017: Ocean Speedway – Watsonville, CA – King of the West Sprint Car Series10/6/2017: Red Dirt Raceway – Meeker, OK – Non-Wing Sprint Cars10/6/2017: Williams Grove Speedway – Mechanicsburg, PA – Winged 410 Sprint Cars – Run What You Brung
Saturday October 7, 2017
10/7/2017: Anderson Speedway – Anderson, IN – Non-Wing 410 Sprint Cars – Tony Elliott Classic
10/7/2017: Anderson Speedway – Anderson, IN – United States Speed Association – Tony Elliott Classic
10/7/2017: Arizona Speedway – Queen Creek,AZ – ASCS – Southwest Region10/7/2017: Atomic Speedway – Chillicothe, OH – Winged 410 Sprint Cars10/7/2017: Atomic Speedway – Chillicothe, OH – Winged 305 Sprint Cars10/7/2017: Charleston Speedway – Charleston, IL – Non-Wing 410 Sprint Cars10/7/2017: Cottage Grove Speedway – Cottage Grove, OR – Winged 360 Sprint Cars10/7/2017: East Bay Raceway Park – Tampa, FL – Winged 360 Sprint Cars10/7/2017: Enid Speedway – Enid, OK – Oil Capital Racing Series10/7/2017: El Paso County Raceway – Calhan, CO – ASCS – National Tour10/7/2017: Fairbury American Legion Speedway – Fairbury, IL – Interstate Racing Association / Midwest Open Wheel Association – FALS Classic
10/7/2017: Fairbury American Legion Speedway – Fairbury, IL – POWRi – Wingless Auto Racing / POWRi – Wingless Auto Racing East Series – FALS Classic
10/7/2017: Fairbury American Legion Speedway – Fairbury, IL – Wisconsin WingLESS Sprint Cars – FALS Classic
10/7/2017: Fremont Speedway – Fremont, OH – Winged 410 Sprint Cars – Run What You Brung
10/7/2017: Fulton Speedway – Fulton, NY – World of Outlaws10/7/2017: Kennedale Speedway Park – Kennedale, TX – Winged 305 Sprint Cars10/7/2017: Lake Ozark Speedway – Eldon, MO – Winged 360 Sprint Cars10/7/2017: Lee USA Speedway – Lee, NH – 350 Supermodifieds – Prelims
10/7/2017: Lincoln Park Speedway – Putnamville, IN – Non-Wing 410 Sprint Cars10/7/2017: Lincoln Speedway – Abbottstown, PA – Winged 358 Sprint Cars – Hank Gentzler Memorial / Manufacturers Appreciation Race
10/7/2017: Lincoln Speedway – Abbottstown, PA – Winged 410 Sprint Cars – Hank Gentzler Memorial / Manufacturers Appreciation Race
10/7/2017: Mercer Raceway Park – Mercer, PA – Winged 305 Sprint Cars – Little Guy Nationals
10/7/2017: Meridian Speedway – Meridian, ID – Winged 360 Sprint Cars10/7/2017: Petaluma Speedway – Petaluma, CA – Winged 360 Sprint Cars – Adobe Cup
10/7/2017: Petaluma Speedway – Petaluma, CA – Wingless Sprints – Adobe Cup
10/7/2017: Port Royal Speedway – Port Royal, PA – Mid-Atlantic Sprint Series10/7/2017: Port Royal Speedway – Port Royal, PA – PA Sprint Series – Blue Collar Classic
10/7/2017: Randolph County Raceway – Moberly, MO – Winged 410 Sprint Cars10/7/2017: Riverside International Speedway – West Memphis, AR – Mid-South 305 Sprint Car Association – Grassroots Nationals
10/7/2017: Salina Speedway – Salina, KS – National Championship Racing Association10/7/2017: Salina Speedway – Salina, KS – Nebraska 360 Sprint Car Series – Tentative
10/7/2017: Sandusky Speedway – Sandusky, OH – Crate Sprint Cars10/7/2017: Santa Maria Speedway – Santa Maria, CA – USAC – West Coast Sprint Car Championship – Season Championship
10/7/2017: Southern Oklahoma Speedway – Ardmore, OK – Sprint Series of Oklahoma10/7/2017: Southern Raceway – Milton, FL – ASCS – Southern Outlaw Sprints10/7/2017: Showtime Speedway – Pinellas Park, FL – Southern Sprintcar Shootout Series10/7/2017: Susquehanna Speedway – York Haven, PA – Super Sportsman10/7/2017: Talladega Short Track – Eastaboga, AL – United Sprint Car Series10/7/2017: Tri-State Speedway – Haubstadt, IN – Midwest Sprint Car Series – Harvest Cup
10/7/2017: Valley Speedway – Grain Valley, MO – Non-Wing 410 Sprint Cars10/7/2017: Ventura Raceway – Ventura, CA – Focus Midgets10/7/2017: Ventura Raceway – Ventura, CA – Sr. Sprints10/7/2017: Wayne County Speedway – Orrville, OH – All Star Circuit of Champions –
Sunday October 8, 2017
10/8/2017: Lee USA Speedway – Lee, NH – 350 Supermodifieds10/8/2017: Red Dirt Raceway – Meeker, OK – Oil Capital Racing Series10/8/2017: Sandusky Speedway – Sandusky, OH – Crate Sprint Cars
There were as many as five complaints of sexual harassment...
The City Council is weighing legislation that would require that the discipline meted out to city workers in sexual-harassment cases be made public — information Mayor de Blasio's office is refusing to provide.
Councilmember Mark Levine (D-Manhattan) said he submitted a request earlier this year for a bill to be drafted that would shine a light on how agencies handle substantiated complaints of harassment.
City officials revealed for the first time Monday that substantiated claims of sexual harassment were made against as many as five employees in the mayor's office between 2014 and 2017, but they've refused to say how the staffers were punished.
Ritchie Torres, chair of the council Oversight and Investigations Committee, slammed the secrecy as hypocritical for an administration that touts itself as transparent.
“Without details, we have no means to evaluate how seriously these substantiated allegations were taken. How can you claim to be for transparency if you don't provide the public this information?” Torres (D- Bronx) asked.
In response to questions, officials have said they're compiling a summary of how guilty workers were disciplined across the board, but not with a breakdown by agency.
The Pennsylvania SPCA removed 15 dogs from the home of an alleged unlicensed breeder in Lancaster County last week after it received a tip that dogs were being illegally debarked. The group found that three dogs, including Rosella shown here, had been debarked by someone who had pushed a pipe-like object down their throats multiple times. Courtesy of Pennsylvania SPCA
DURANT, Okla. - Southeastern bounced back from a season opening 4-1 loss to Rockhurst by closing out opening day with a 2-1 victory over Central Missouri on Friday afternoon at the Southeastern Regional Invitational at the Durant Multi-Sports Complex.
The split gets the season off to a 1-1 start heading into matchups against Washburn and Missouri Southern State on Saturday.
In the win over UCM, Symphoni Shomo turned in a pair of hits and a walk, while Karsyn Brigance, Sydnee Hinkle and Kennedy Salyers each logged a hit.
Hinkle and Salyers each drove in a run, while Hope Deanda and Marilyn Maas each scored.
Kelsey Story tossed a complete game in her Southeastern debut, earning the win after tossing 7.0 innings and striking out two while allowing an unearned run on six scattered hits.
The Jennies took a 1-0 lead in the top of the second inning, taking advantage of an SE error.
The Storm answered in the bottom of the third with Hinkle doubling home Deanda to tie the game at 1-1.
SE would break through again in the bottom of the fifth inning as a pinch-running Maas would score from second on a 1b to the right side that was stopped on a dive by the second baseman, but they were late with the throw to the plate and SE would score the go ahead run and hang on for a 2-1 win.
In the opener, Shomo and Destiny Riddle each turned in a pair of hits as the Storm held an 8-to-6 edge in hits.
Brigance, Salyers, Thompson, Wallace and Emily Cudd each added a hit.
Riddle got the start and tossed 3.0 innings and was saddled with the loss after allowing three runs on three hits despite six strikeouts.
Cudd tossed 3.1 innings in relief and allowed a run on three hits before Story came on to record the final two outs.
RU got on the board first with a solo homer in the second and tacked on two more runs in the third with a two-run shot to go ahead 3-0 midway through the third.
SE broke through in the bottom half of the third as Shomo picked up a two-out single and stole second before scoring when Marisa Fleck reached on an error to make it 3-1.
Rockhurst added a run in the top of the fifth on an RBI triple to mount a 4-1 lead.
The Storm would load the bases with no outs in the bottom of the fifth on three-straight singles from Mykaela Wallace, Shomo, and Cudd, but a strikeout and a double play would end the threat.
The Storm would load the bases again in the bottom of the sixth on Singles by Karsyn Brigance, Kennedy Salyers and Keeshia Thompson, but for the second straight inning SE was unable to bring a run in.
A female stunt driver has died after a motorcycle crash on a set for the movie Deadpool 2 in Vancouver, Canada, police said.
The driver's name was not immediately released.
Witness Sharmina Kermalli said she had just walked into a Starbucks next door to where the accident happened when she heard a loud crash.
She ran out of the coffee shop and saw glass still falling on the body of the woman.
A crumpled motorcycle was seen lying on its side at the location of the accident near the waterfront in Vancouver.
Ryan Reynolds plays Deadpool (PA) More
Police said officers were at the scene and investigators with WorkSafeBC, a provincial workplace safety agency, were also looking into the incident.
Deadpool, a Marvel Comics superhero, is played by Vancouver-born actor Ryan Reynolds.
The first film was released in 2016 and the follow up is due to be released in 2018.
Get your life in gear. Experts from fashion to fitness share their tips for staying fit, fab and mindful all year long.
STYLE
Simon Doonan, creative ambassador, Barneys New York
“The first rule for having a fabulous 2017 is, if you don't already have one, then you must, must, must develop a signature flourish,” says Doonan. “I have my flowery shirts that I always wear, Iris Apfel has her giant glasses.
“Secondly, take all your sensible clothes — all the basics and essentials — to Goodwill, and keep all your fun clothes, because clothing is an antidepressant. If you step up your look, you're going to feel better.”
HEALTH
Dr. Mehmet Oz, host of the ‘The Dr. Oz Show'
“We're making a big push to move into vegetable-based proteins,” says Oz. “It's not only important to save the planet, but also increasingly important for our health.”
Although Oz says you shouldn't ditch beef and poultry entirely (eat meat twice a week, he says), sources like beans are great alternatives.
“Nori, this seaweed-like vegetable, and sea vegetables are becoming more popular. And they're inexpensive and sustainable,” he adds.
In the new year, Oz says New Yorkers should experiment with newly popular grains like buckwheat.
“Strictly speaking, buckwheat's not a grain. It's a seed from a flower, and is probably going to be the most popular new carb source for folks as it's full of nutrients, including B vitamins,” says Oz, who recommends eating it whole and roasted.
The Oprah-approved doc says to make sure any New Year's diet is realistic.
“The biggest mistake is that people go on a fad program,” he says. “If you make it too Spartan, you won't follow it.”
In other words, you have Oz's permission to keep drinking the vino in January.
“Alcohol is an important part of socialization,” he says, “and there's nothing healthier than socializing with your friends.”
FITNESS
Robin Arzón, Peloton cycling instructor
Set reasonable fitness targets, says Arzón.
“For example, make a goal to complete a 5K by Jan. 31; attend yoga two days a week, four weeks in a row. The extent to which we can make fitness goals specific and attainable, the more likely they are to be accomplished,” says Arzón.
Once you set your goals, scream it from the rooftops (or the digital equivalent: your Facebook account).
“Now you have virtual accountability partners,” she says. “You can tell your network of 300 Facebook friends about your goals, and nine times out of 10 they're going to celebrate you.”
DATING
Amanda Bradford, founder of the dating app the League
Play the field, and use online dating to figure out what you want in a long-term mate, says Bradford.
The dating guru says New York singletons should optimize their online-
dating profiles this year by spending more time filling out the Interests and About my sections.
“If you're really honest about what you want, you will have more people swipe left on you,” she says, “but the ones who swipe right will have a higher conversation rate.”
Once you have a match, try to schedule a date within the first six messages — “The chance of you meeting drops drastically after that,” she adds.
Finally, broaden your horizons.
“A lot of people are quick to write someone off if one photo looks weird or if they have a dorky opener,” says Bradford. “But in general, it's worth your time to meet that person.”
MINDFULNESS
Arianna Huffington, founder of Thrive Global
“Get adequate sleep, because it changes your whole day,” says Huffington, NYC's new resident sleep expert. “A good day begins the night before.”
Huffington recommends turning off all devices and getting them out of the bedroom before turning in for the night.
“If you wake up in the middle of the night, you are more likely to be tempted to check what's happening on Snapchat or Instagram, and then you go down the rabbit hole,” she says.
Once you're up and rested, remain mindful.
“Make personal connections with people that we normally have impersonal transactions with during the day, like the person who you buy a cup of coffee from,” says Huffington. “It changes the quality of our day.”
She also recommends taking two-minute breaks to consciously inhale and exhale, and engaging in walking meetings with your colleagues.
Finally, keep meetings device-free.
“We don't bring our laptops and phones into meetings at Thrive,” says Huffington. “People claim that they're using them to take notes, but in fact, people most of the time are multitasking, answering e-mails and texting, and becoming distracted and depleted.”
CAREER
Jennifer Fleiss, co-founder of Rent the Runway
Millennials have much higher expectations of their employers, says Fleiss.
“They want to have their career path laid out really early on, have feedback all the time, and they ask for promotions often,” she says, adding that newbie employees should keep their heads down and get some wins under their belt first. “It shows character.”
And everyone, millennial or not, can benefit from setting clear, concise daily goals.
“I try to start and end every day with a priority list — what are three or four things I need to get done today?” she says. “And at the end of the day, what are the three or four things I want to look at tomorrow?”
FINANCE
Jim Cramer, host of ‘Mad Money'
Don't let the stock-market boom scare you off from investing in 2017.
Cramer says a lot of Americans may be wary the market has hit its peak — but it's a mistake to stay out of the stock game.
Instead, Cramer advises starting out small by investing savings in monthly increments.
“I want them to invest in an index fund, preferably the S&P 500 index fund,” he says. “But I only want them to put one-twelfth of the money [they have to invest] in each month.”
For example, if an individual has $1,200 to invest, start with putting $100 into the S&P 500 in January, and another $100 in February.
But don't do anything if you have credit-card debt.
“Credit-card debt is a sucker's game,” says Cramer. “It's ridiculous. If you have any, pay it down before you save. It will wreck you.”
CAREER
Robert Reffkin, co-founder of Compass
Reffkin believes saying no to things is more important than saying yes.
“Often I think the inability to say no to nonessential meetings gets in the way of being productive and efficient,” he says. “If you look at the average person's calendar over the last year, [you'd see] so many things that weren't critical.”
FASHION
André Leon Talley, contributing editor, Vogue
“Invest in one thing you just can't live without, whether it's a coat or jacket or dress. Buy one thing you covet that's a craving, an obsession,” says Talley.
Just make sure it's not too '80s, he warns.
“Those leather bomber jackets with the exaggerated shoulders — they probably aren't going to come back,” says Talley.
“But keep your shredded jeans. They will always come in handy.”
FITNESS
Holly Rilinger, creator of LIFTED
“For the last couple years it's been, ‘Go as hard as you can and do as many classes as you can,' ” says Rilinger. “[The year] 2017 is about being more mindful. Pick a certain amount of workouts per week, and give them your full attention.”
The former star of Bravo's show “Work Out New York” also recommends buying a foam roller and spending 10 minutes a day on it to avoid painful knots.
“The more we work out, the more locked up our body gets,” she says. “If you foam-roll it out, it's almost like self-massage.”
FITNESS
Tracy Anderson, celebrity trainer
Anderson, trainer to the stars and creator of the Tracy Anderson Method, says New Yorkers can jump-start their New Year's exercise plans with these four moves. But Anderson, whose 59th Street studio launches this winter, says, “Your muscles get smart fast, strong fast and stupid fast. Do this workout until you can do each move well, and then move on to new exercises.”
Butt workout:
Balancing back arabesque kicks
1 Kneel on your hands and knees. For a challenge, extend your supporting arm straight out to the side.
2 Lift your working leg back at hip height, keeping the leg straight and supporting knee bent.
3 Kick your leg out to extend to an arabesque, with the leg lifting higher and toes pointed, then return to the starting position. This movement has a quick pace and sharp kick.
4 Complete 30 reps, then switch arms and legs.
Ab workout:
Wide plank with double-knee drop and passé
1 Get into a plank position with your legs in a wide split.
2 Bend your knees to kneeling position and tap the floor quickly, then return to a wide plank.
3 Pull your right knee into your chest.
4 Return to a wide plank.
5 Switch legs. Complete 30 reps.
Harry Kane's penalty against Colombia in the World Cup last-16 tie made him the first England player to score in six consecutive internationals since 1939.
Having been fouled by Carlos Sanchez, Kane - after a lengthy delay caused by Colombia's protests to referee Mark Geiger - duly kept his cool to break the deadlock from 12 yards.
It brought up the Tottenham star's sixth goal of the tournament, and also saw England's captain equal Tommy Lawton's 79-year-old record.
Kane's strike also sees the 24-year-old match Lionel Messi's total record of World Cup goals, on his debut at the tournament.
Image copyright AFP Image caption Javier Valdez had reported extensively on drug trafficking and organised crime in Mexico
Police in Mexico have arrested a man they suspect of killing award-winning journalist Javier Valdez last year.
He was shot dead in May 2017 in northern Sinaloa state near the office of the news weekly he had founded, Ríodoce.
Mr Valdez wrote extensively on drug-trafficking and organised crime in Mexico, including the powerful Sinaloa drug cartel.
He was one of at least 11 journalists to be killed in Mexico in 2017.
Mr Valdez's widow welcomed the arrest but said it was important to know more about what lay behind it.
"If they can demonstrate that this is really the killer... we'll need to know why he did it, what the motive was and who gave the order," she told Agence France Press news agency. "I hope it will be soon," she said.
The arrest was announced by Mexico's Interior Minister, Alfonso Navarrete, who did not give any further details about the suspect.
Ríodoce reported that the suspect was a 26-year-old cartel member known by the alias of Koala.
According to the news weekly, the man was arrested in the border town of Tijuana while driving the car used by the gunmen who shot Mr Valdez.
Mr Valdez was well aware of the risks he war running by covering the drugs war in a state wracked by drug-related violence.
Speaking at a launch of his book Narcojournalism he said that being a journalist "is like being on a blacklist" and that gangs "will decide what day they are going to kill you".
TOKYO- Two Syrian asylum seekers on Tuesday lost a bid to overturn a government decision to deny them refugee status, in the first such lawsuit in Japan since civil war erupted in the Middle Eastern state in 2011.
The Tokyo District Court upheld a government ruling made five years ago, that the pair's bid for asylum was not admissible under international refugee law.
"The world understands the Syrian situation - it's getting worse. But the Japanese court hasn't understood that at all," one of the plaintiffs, Joude Youssef, told a news conference.
Speaking in Arabic through a Japanese interpreter, Youssef said he planned to appeal the court's decision.
The second asylum seeker was not at the news conference.
Lawyers said Youssef had the right to stay in Japan, under a humanitarian status that allows residency but not full refugee rights. It was not clear if the second plaintiff would appeal.
Immigration and asylum are sensitive subjects in Japan, where many pride themselves on cultural and ethnic homogeneity even amid a shrinking population and the worst labor shortage since the 1970s.
Share on facebook Share on Twitter
OAKLAND — Maybe this NBA Finals matchup gets old. But LeBron James never does.
The Cleveland Cavaliers superstar continues to defy age, as well as gravity, and arrives for his latest showdown with the Warriors as if he's finally getting the hang of this basketball thing at age 33.
There he was again Wednesday in Oakland, the greatest player of this era getting ready to face the greatest team of this era. (In both cases, that phrase of this era could someday be wiped from the equation.)
James heads into Game 1 against the Warriors on Thursday having scored 30 points or more in 108 career playoff games. One more game like that, and he'll tie the NBA record set by Michael Jordan, a man he is chasing in more ways than one.
“We're lucky. I'm lucky. He's going to play 10 feet from here tomorrow night,” Warriors general manager Bob Myers said of James, while standing courtside Wednesday after practice. “That by itself is something to enjoy.”
This marks the fourth consecutive year in which Cleveland will face the Warriors for the NBA title. Never before have the same two teams faced each other for the championship four straight times. Not in the NBA, and not in any other major professional sport, either.
“I mean, it may not be as suspenseful as a lot of people want it to be, or as drama-filled,” Warriors forward Kevin Durant said, almost apologetically. “But that's what you've got movies and music for.”
Even three times is rare. And in each case, it occurred at least a half-century ago. It happened in the NFL (from 1952-54), in the NHL (1954-56) and in baseball (1921-23).
And if you're sick of seeing this annual Warriors-Cavaliers rivalry on auto-replay? Well, that's on the 28 other teams, Warriors guard Klay Thompson said.
“I think the rest of the NBA has to get better,” Thompson said. “It's not our fault.”
Maybe the pattern will change when LeBron James retires. So check back in, oh, 20 years or so. The four-time MVP keeps extending his prime years that, for most NBA stars, wrap up around age 31.
“I don't know. I've just never really bought into that,” James said before practicing at Oracle Arena on Wedneday. “I've never bought into a ceiling either. You (reporters) have always asked, ‘What's your ceiling?' And I've always kind of told you that I don't really have a ceiling.”
The only reason that this NBA Finals is not a foregone conclusion — the Warriors are preposterously, embarrassing, overwhelming favorites — is that James has a knack for beating the odds.
He somehow willed Cleveland past the Boston Celtics in the Eastern Conference Finals. All he had to do was become the third player in league history to post at least 35 points, 15 rebounds, and nine assists in a Game 7, joining Dolph Schayes (in 1959) and James Worthy (1988), according to Elias.
James did it with a Cavaliers supporting cast that, to put it delicately, isn't exactly about to borrow the Warriors' famous “Strength in Numbers” catch phrase. His teammates were spoofed in an unaired “Saturday Night Live” sketch earlier this month, but it made the rounds on the internet.
The sketch parodied the “important” roles James' teammates play, which is to say picking up his laundry, sweeping up his chalk and offering him free-throw high-fives. (“No, I don't watch that stuff,” Cavs coach Tyronn Lue said Wednesday).
As it stands, the odds-makers list the Warriors as plus-1000 favorites to win the NBA title. That means that bettors have to wager $1,000 to win $100.
On the other hand … well, on the other hand there's LeBron James. And that's a compelling argument. He recounted on Wednesday how a sideline reporter asked him early this season how he was still able to reach such heights after all these years.
“And I told her at that particular time: ‘This is the best I've felt in my career,”' James said. “I don't know if she believed me, and I don't know if you guys believe me, but I really felt that.
“And I continued to just play at an all-time-level standard for the rest of this season. Hopefully I can continue it in these Finals also.”
Because he also made it four consecutive times with the Miami Heat, James is now the sixth player in NBA history to play in eight consecutive NBA Finals. All the others were from the same Boston Celtics dynasty in the 1950s-60s: Bill Russell (10 in a row), Sam Jones (9), Tom Heinsohn (9), K.C. Jones (8) and Frank Ramsey (8).
“I don't care who he's faced. … Eight straight times is eight straight times,” said the Warriors' Thompson. “The fact that he's doing that in the modern era is pretty remarkable.”
In these playoffs, James leads NBA in scoring at 34 points per game, while adding 9.2 rebounds and 8.8 assists.
“His IQ is ridiculous,” Cavaliers guard J.R. Smith said. “He can process things extremely fast, on the move, while things are happening. It's pretty remarkable. If I could pinpoint anything, I think it's his ability to change the play as it's happening without anybody else knowing. That's an extremely important talent that he has that people may not see.”
James, as he tends to do at this time of year, is fueling the best-ever debate. And even some long-time disciples of Michael Jordan, or even longer-time disciples of Wilt Chamberlain, might — in a private moment — at least give James some serious thought.
He enters this series as the all-time NBA Finals leader in triple-doubles (9), while ranking third in points (1,247, trailing only behind Jerry West's 1,679 and Kareem Abdul-Jabbar's 1,317). He is also third in assists (339, behind Bob Cousy's 400 and Magic Johnson's 584). Related Articles NBA Finals: Bob Myers aware that Warriors' championship run will not last forever
NBA Finals: Kevon Looney, Jordan Bell ready to fill big role
Warriors' forward Andre Iguodala optimistic he can play in the NBA Finals
Steve Kerr reveals what he told Tyronn Lue during his leave of absence
NBA Finals: This never gets old for Cavaliers' J.R. Smith
It's his all-around game that makes the strongest case. James has 82 career playoff games in which he had at least 30 points, five rebounds and five assists. Next on the list is Jordan (51) followed by Kobe Bryant (37), West (35) and Larry Bird (32).
But he has one big check mark against him. Jordan was 6-0 in his Finals appearances. James' record is at 3-5 heading into perhaps the longest shot of his career.
“For me as a competitor, it's fun,” James said. “It's truly fun to know when I'm done playing the game of basketball to know that I played against some of the greatest teams that ever played, ever been assembled. And this is one of them.”
F&L Market has Whole Boston Butt $1.49 and Coca-Cola is 2 for $3.00. This is a delicious way to use both products for one delicious entree!
Ingredients:
Whole Pork Shoulder Roast or Boston Butt (with or without bones)
12 oz can of Coke
1 Tbs Onion Powder
1 Tbs Garlic Powder
1 Tbs Black Pepper
1 Tbs Salt
1 bottle of your favorite Barbecue Sauce (I use Sweet Baby Rays)
Instructions:
[April 24, 2018] New Capterra Survey Results Identify Top Tech Uses for Small Businesses
Capterra, the leading online resource for business software buyers, today released its findings from a survey of 699 individuals across 14 industries on what software small business owners should invest in now and what software they can put on the back-burner. Designed to help SMBs set their purchasing priorities, key takeaways from the Capterra survey unveil owners need to invest in data security, right away. Customer relationship management (CRM) software is essential to most businesses, and depending on the company, blockchain and business intelligence may not be a significant option - at least right now. While small business investments are determined by a complex combination of factors that are unique to a company's goals and circumstances, Capterra's survey results and analysis are a "pulse checker" on the SMB market in general and vital to small business owners. The Landscape Now: Security and Cloud Technologies Drive Today's Small Businesses
Among the technologies already implemented in SMBs, results show small business owners need to invest in data management or information security solutions with only 68 percent of respondents currently using data and information security technologies. "The SMB community must commit to 100 percent participation in security management in order to stop data breaches," says Tirena Dingeldein, senior analyst and content manager, Capterra. "Hackers are increasingly sophisticated in their attacks, and it is well past time to invest in a data management or information security solution," says Dingeldein. The implementation of policies to increase oversight of data and information security - such as the General Data Protection Act (GDPR) - also pose serious hazard to small businesses who risk losing money, on top of any potential hacks, if they do not protect their data correctly. Capterra's survey findings also identifies that 59 percent of respondents are currently using cloud computing for their business, indicating that companies using the technology are seeking more agile and scalable information storing and transaction performing capabilities. For businesses who have yet to implement cloud strategies into their technology objectives, Capterra advises watching for the following indicators as a sign of the times to transition to a cloud solution: budget for maintaining systems in-house is increasing beyond what has been normal in previous years; more time is spent waiting for data to populate than using it for work; the existing data filing system has outgrown what its in-house solution can handle. Custome Relationship Management (CRM) Tools Found as Top Tech Necessary to Scale Business Growth
When asked to identify the importance of specific technologies necessary to conduct business operations, small business survey takers responded with a rousing 73 percent that CRM software is critical to their organization, yet only 56 percent of respondents are currently using a CRM tool. "After data and information security management tools, SMBs should make CRM technology their next tech investment," says Dingeldein. "CRM software is the way successful businesses nurture their customers and open up their sales funnel. Without a CRM, small businesses risk time and resources used to build customer relationships." For business owners who have yet to adopt a CRM tool, SMB leaders should reflect on how they currently manage their business leads and maintain customer relationships if not by CRM. "The survey results show that while a majority of business owners are interested in CRM tools, delay in adoption is often a result of not yet finding the right tool that fits their needs," says Dingeldein. Dingeldein also suggests business owners explore free or open source CRM if budget does not allow for paid versions.
Blockchain is the Hype but Not Necessary - Yet
Surprises in the survey include much talked-about blockchain: 54 percent of 268 respondents currently using, planning or evaluating blockchain said it is beneficial but not necessary for conducting business. "Blockchain may not be a necessary requirement right now, but it should also not be discounted for future consideration," says Dingeldein. "It is predicted that blockchain will have a significant impact on small businesses in the next ten years." Results also show that 28 percent of 269 respondents currently using, planning or evaluating chatbots say that they are not necessary for them to conduct business. Small business respondents in this survey say a chatbot is not a requirement for them to conduct business successfully. However, as businesses scale, owners may need to reconsider the value and efficiency chatbots bring. A recent Gartner report also expects this vantage point to change in the near future led by the way Generation Z and millennials interact with the world around them. Bearing in mind that determining which technology a small business should invest in is highly subjective, the right software decision can nonetheless increase revenue, while the wrong one can sink a company. The stakes are high and real intelligence, such as the results found in the survey, are critical. To learn more about the findings, the full survey results can be found in Tirena Dingeldein's blog post, "Tech for Small Businesses: What Your Peers Are Using." Capterra conducted this survey in 2017 among 699 U.S.-based SMBs with more than 10 employees and annual revenue of less than $100 million. The survey excluded nonprofit organizations. The qualified respondents are decision-makers or have a significant influence on the decisions related to purchasing technologies for their organization. About Capterra: Capterra is the leading online resource for business software buyers. Founded in 1999, Capterra features validated user reviews and independent research across hundreds of software categories. From Accounting to Yoga Studio Management, Capterra covers it all. Each month, Capterra helps more than three million buyers find the right software. Capterra is a Gartner (News - Alert) company. For more information, visit capterra.com. View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005398/en/
[ Back To TMCnet.com's Homepage ]
1:00 Cam Newton after season-ending loss: I need a rest, time away Pause
0:45 New Year's Eve in uptown Charlotte
5:49 Fayetteville police rescue woman and child from car trapped in flood waters live on Facebook
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
4:15 Roy Cooper sworn in as NC governor minutes after midnight
11:06 Cooper on HB2: 'Today, the legislature had the chance to do the right thing for NC and they failed'
4:57 HB2 repeal deal - what happened?
0:52 Shoppers seek sales at area malls
1:45 Should 16- and 17-year-olds be in solitary confinement?
Sports News of Monday, 14 August 2017
Source: asantekotokosc.com
2017-08-14
Kotoko vs Nea Salamina on Wednesday
Kotoko returns into this season's MTN FA Cup this Wednesday and ahead of the eagerly-awaited clash with Division One side, NEA Salamina at the Baba Yara Sports Stadium, we look at the five major talking points surrounding the game.
Nature of the FA Cup
The FA Cup is known for giving “minnows” from the lower divisions the chance of eliminating Premier League giants. This year's campaign hasn't been different since some Premier League clubs have already fallen victims. The casualties that come to mind are WAFA who fell to Amidaus Professionals; Aduana Stars who were beaten by Techiman Eleven Wonders; Ashgold who lost to Asokwa Deportivo and Liberty Professionals who were edged out by Danbort FC.
Kotoko's Journey
The Porcupines joined the campaign at the Round of 64 stage. The team was then under care-taker coach, Frimpong Manso. They faced Bekwai Youth Academy at the Gyamfi Park, Bekwai, winning 3-1 on penalties after it ended 1-1 in regulation time. The team proceeded to beat Proud United 1-0 at the Swedru in the Central Region in the Round of 32 stage. Kotoko's first home game in the competition against Wassaman United and with a spot kick, neatly taken by Amos Frimpong, victory was delivered and a quarterfinal berth secured.
Eschewing Complacency
Kotoko have played three matches so far in the competition all against Division One sides. The pre-match talk always described the duels as a ‘David-Goliath' affair but the games didn't quite reflect that as the Porcupines couldn't get convincing wins in any of them. In a competition noted for upsets, the least a Premier League side can do is to guard against overconfidence. Eschewing out complacency in this case is more relevant.
Chances of Winning
Kotoko has a bright chance of winning the game. Why not? It's always interesting watching a one-off competitive game involving Kotoko and a lower division side. Don't be surprised to see NEA Salamina inspired by their new surroundings to deliver shock, early threats that will lead to nothing. Kotoko has quality players, pedigree and experience to win. The Porcupines should be able to withstand any threat and impose themselves on the game. The odds favour Kotoko but the players need a positive attitude to make victory possible. As Ernest Sowah has said, the team must have “strong desire to win”.
Options Available
Steven Polack's right knee is still is a knee brace but the English tactician is likely to be at the bench as he did in the game against Hearts of Oak. Polack has an array of players to choose from especially with the five Chan players returning from their match in Ouagadougou. Polack has a good number of regular and fringe players available. It's possible he will rest a few of his regulars as the date for the league game away to WAFA approaches.
Image copyright AFP Image caption The Elders have warned that a hard border between Northern Ireland and the Republic would seriously undermine the agreement
A group of senior world figures has expressed 'deep concern' about potential risks posed by Brexit to the Good Friday Agreement.
At their recent board meeting in London, The Elders hailed the 20th anniversary of the agreement.
They praised the inspiration it had given to others around the world trying to end bloody conflicts.
They warned that a hard border between Northern Ireland and the Republic would seriously undermine the agreement.
The Elders are chaired by Kofi Annan, the former United Nations secretary-general.
"The Good Friday Agreement has served Northern Ireland, the rest of the United Kingdom and the Republic of Ireland very well for the past 20 years," Mr Annan said.
"It was painstakingly achieved after complex negotiations and difficult compromises on all sides.
Image caption Kofi Annan is chairman of The Elders
"Amid the wider political and economic uncertainty caused by Brexit, all stakeholders should place the preservation of peace and security as a high priority."
Who are the Elders?
The Elders are a group of senior world figures originally brought together by former South African president Nelson Mandela in 2007.
Members include Kofi Annan, another former UN secretary-general Ban Ki-moon, former Irish president Mary Robinson, former US president Jimmy Carter and Martti Ahtisaari, a Finnish politician and Nobel Peace Prize winner who was served as a member of the Independent International Commission on Decommissioning in Northern Ireland.
The Elders say they "represent an independent voice, not bound by the interests of any nation, government or institution".
"We are committed to promoting the shared interests of humanity, and the universal human rights we all share," they add..
The Elders noted the commitments by the UK and Irish governments and the European Union to avoid the imposition of a hard border in the event of the UK leaving the EU's single market and customs union after Brexit, and urged them to withstand any pressure to abandon this stance as negotiations continue.
Former Irish president Mary Robinson, who is also an Elder, said: "Peace in Northern Ireland was hard-won and needs to be protected.
"The Elders welcome the assertion by UK Prime Minister Theresa May of the paramountcy of the Good Friday Agreement, and the importance of ensuring that nothing should be done to allow the reimposition of a hard border.
"All governments and parties in all parts of the UK and Ireland must work to make this promise a reality."
With each leak, the foundation of Lonzo Ball and the Lakers' relationship seems to weaken.
It is no secret that Ball and his ever-volatile father, LaVar, were determined to have him get drafted by the Lakers and build their legacy there. Ball had a respectable rookie season for the Lakers when healthy, but with LeBron James in Los Angeles and in need of another star, Ball's future there is as precarious as ever.
The Lakers have been in talks with the Spurs for the disgruntled Kawhi Leonard, but the Spurs seem more enamored with Brandon Ingram, Kyle Kuzma, Josh Hart and future draft picks than they do Ball. Any chance of Ball being included in that trade, however, seemed to end when it was reported last week that the former UCLA star was recovering from a torn meniscus.
According to ESPN's Adrian Wojnarowski, the Lakers believe that it was Ball's camp that leaked the news and their response was to sign Rajon Rondo to a one-year deal. Like Ball, Rondo is a ball-dominant point guard who struggles with his shot.
“This is a message to Lonzo Ball … I think there's a belief around the Lakers that it was within his world that that got leaked out there to keep him from getting traded,” Wojnarowski said. “He doesn't want to be traded from LA. It wasn't the Lakers that wanted information out on that knee injury. There were a lot of teams that were checking on possible deals with the Lakers and there were questions about that knee. They want winning, veteran players there. You have LeBron James now, and he's 33 years old. They want win-now guys. And Rondo is going to challenge Lonzo Ball.”
The Lakers might not be done sending messages. According to SheridanHoops.com, the Lakers decision-makers Magic Johnson and Rob Pelinka are considering some Plan Bs if they start to believe that they cannot land Leonard in a trade now or in free agency next season. Two of the names mentioned by Sheridan are John Wall and Damian Lillard, who would be clear upgrades over Ball even if he is not included in any deal.
As for the Ball camp, LaVar continues to cling to his notion that the Lakers will one day have all three of his sons on the roster. This comes after his middle son, LiAngelo, could not even land a spot on their G-League team — or to this point, any G-League team.
“LeBron got a four-year deal, right? I hope he gets four [championships] in a row,” LaVar told TMZ on Tuesday. “If not, I guarantee two when all my boys on the Lakers with him. Game over.”
OCALA, Fla. — A Florida man told sheriff's deputies he accidentally discharged a pistol while he was teaching gun safety to three young people.
The incident occurred Monday afternoon at Eglise Baptiste Philadelphie church near Ocala.
According to a Marion County Sheriff's report, the man said he was showing three girls “the difference between a real firearm and a BB gun.” He was using his Sig Sauer 9 mm when his “finger snagged the trigger.” He told deputies he doesn't recall pulling the trigger.
The Star Banner reports the deputy collected the 9mm projectile and shell case and contacted the girls' parents.
No arrest was made and no one was injured.
The naysayers had already begun shoveling dirt on the Big Blue football grave of Eli Manning. The football obituaries were being written, the football eulogies were being sung.
So who was that in the red 10 jersey slinging the ball Tuesday at Giants OTAs?
Could that have been Eli Manning, starring in a Night of The Living Dead remake, produced by John Mara and Steve Tisch and directed by Dave Gettleman and Pat Shurmur? Who gave their franchise quarterback new life the night they drafted Saquon Barkley instead of Sam Darnold, Josh Allen or Josh Rosen?
E-life.
“I think Eli has a lot left in the tank,” wide receiver Sterling Shepard told The Post, “and they were right by making that decision, I feel like.”
Manning (19 TDs, 13 INTs in 2017) was granted his wish to keep his dream job, and now, at age 37, it is on him to author a dream season few on the outside believe he has in him.
Those on the inside feel differently.
Head coach Pat Shurmur worked magic with Case Keenum in Minnesota last season and believes he can work magic with the eternally cerebral Manning.
A Barkley-centric running game behind a rebuilt offensive line will give Manning the kind of balance he has lacked for years, and a healthy Odell Beckham Jr. should make a dramatic difference.
“Being at Duke (for spring workouts) with him, kinda seeing his routine, getting to see what he's been doing, you can definitely tell he's kinda turned back the clock a little bit,” tight end Evan Engram told The Post.
If you didn't know how old he is, how old would you think he would be?
“I would say early 30s … like 30, 31,” Engram said.
“I expect a big year from 10. We got some dogs up front that are gonna work their butts off to protect him, we're gonna work all together, have a good run game, and we got some weapons outside that's gonna make a lot of plays for him, so I'm really (excited) to see what we could do.”
If you didn't know how old Eli Manning is, how old is he looking these days?
“I'd say about 26, 27,” free safety Andrew Adams told the Post.
No way.
“Yeah, he looks about in his prime … throwing the ball well … got good zip on it … so yeah, he's looking great,” Adams said. “He's performing at a high level in these OTAs, definitely.
“We all believe in him and we know he can get the job done.”
Barkley will also serve as a safety valve in the passing game for Manning, who completed 105 passes to the backs last season. The difference is Barkley can take any one of them to the house.
“He's a hard-nosed guy,” Adams said of Barkley. “He's gonna put his head down and get you four yards no matter what.
“He can make nothing into a little bit, a little bit into a lot.”
If you didn't know how old Manning is, how old would you think he was?
“The guy's still out here slinging the ball like — I couldn't give you a specific age, but he's out here slinging the ball just like he always has,” Shepard said.
It all sounds good at the end of May. The jury is very much out. But Manning no longer has to look over his shoulder and worry about taking a seat on the bench. He loves being the quarterback of the Giants. It stings him that he has not won a playoff game since Super Bowl XLVI. He doesn't merely want to win. He needs to win. Before his championship window is shut forever.
E-life.
Creating great customer experiences separates market leaders from the rest of the pack. Here are 12 ideas, best practices, strategies and words of advice for advancing your digital marketing efforts in the year ahead.
Brad Rencher at the 2017 Adobe Summit
You put on a show in Vegas, you gotta give the crowd glitz. And that's exactly what Adobe did with its recent Adobe Summit 2017, which featured a motivational talk from Peyton Manning, surprise appearances from Ryan Gosling and Penn & Teller, and Saturday Night Live's Kate McKinnon showing off her improv genius.
But marketers were there to learn, and the conference delivered on that front, too. Here are 12 digital marketing ideas, best practices, strategies and nuggets of wisdom shared during the summit.
1. Digital transformation is ‘all or nothing'
During the Summit's keynote, Adobe CEO and President Shantanu Narayen addressed the pain points many organizations face today: The need to stay ahead of competitors, the struggle to achieve digital transformation, and, above all, the need to deliver exceptional customer experiences.
“Just when we think we've figured out our strategies, new experiences and technologies emerge, creating more fear across industries than I've ever seen,” Narayen said. He cited Adobe, circa 2008, as an example of a company at a crossroads. At the time, “our growth was stagnating,” he said. Mobile was “upending” Adobe's desktop software model. “We weren't mission-critical to where our customers were heading.”
Adobe executives decided the company needed to transform from being “leaders in content creation” to “leaders in content creation and data,” including analytics, Narayen continued. “We moved from box software to monthly cloud subscriptions, and we had to earn that business every day. We persevered, experimented and evolved.”
Most every company has its version of that story today, or soon will. Narayen added: “Preserving the status quo is not a business strategy. Digital transformation is all or nothing.”
2. Customer experience is the new battleground
A brand that hopes to survive and prosper must transform into an “experience business,” where delivering an amazing customer experience is the top-line business goal, Narayen said. Creating great customer experiences separates market leaders from the rest of the pack, he added.
But becoming an “experience business” is by no means easy. Such a transformation creates “an all-hands-on-deck moment for companies,” said Brad Rencher, Adobe executive vice president and general manager of digital marketing, during the keynote. “It's not just the charter of the marketing department. We're all stewards of the customer experience.”
We've reached the point where customers dictate their relationship with brands, and not the other way around, as it once was, said Forrester analyst James McCormick in a separate session. “We've given customers many digital ways to engage with us, and they can engage with our competitors, too.” And they can easily move on to a competitor if their experience with your brand is unsatisfying, he pointed out.
3. Four tenets of becoming an experience business
Rencher offered his take on the 4 tenets that successful experience-focused businesses have in common:
The company must know and respect its customers — and know what they want before they ask. The company must speak in one voice across sales, marketing, support and all other functions. Technology should be transparent to the customer. “Don't make (the experience) about the technology,” Rencher said. “The medium is not the message. The experience is the message.” The company must delight its customers at every turn so that customers' expectations of the brand “consistently, constantly elevate.”
As an example, Rencher said automotive companies are transforming into experience businesses. In the past, they sold cars. But cars are evolving into ‘experience pods,' where technology personalizes your experience with music playlists, temperature controls, speed settings and more. “Pretty soon, the least interesting thing you will do with your car will be to drive it,” he added.
Read more: Adobe digital marketing chief: 4 competencies required to be an experience-led business
4. Enterprise execs lack vision for digital disruption
According to Forrester, 89 percent of enterprise executives believe digital will disrupt their business within the next 12 months. But only 27 percent of CEOs say they have a clear vision for digital transformation of their business, McCormick said.
Similarly, 73 percent of executives say their firms aspire to be data-driven, but 29 percent say they're not adept at being data-driven. The result is a big disconnect between all the data that's being collected about customers and businesses that are successfully turning that data into action, McCormick said.
Look for that scenario to change this year. In 2017, customer insights “will be liberated” by artificial intelligence (AI), McCormick continued. “This will be the year when businesses gain direct access to powerful customer insights through new vendor-built cognitive interfaces and other AI-related technologies,” he said. It will be the year of the ‘insights revolution,' where businesses harness and apply data “at every opportunity” to differentiate products and customer experiences.
5. Don't expect a one-stop shop
No one vendor will be able to give marketers all the insights, analytics and tools they need, McCormick added. “You'll need to work with multiple partners to get the complete digital insights stack.”
6. Customer insights will drive growth
Businesses like Amazon that are “insights-driven,” delivering products and services that wouldn't be possible without customer insights, will collectively generate $1.25 trillion by 2020, Forrester predicts. That's up from a collective $250 billion in 2015.
“Insights-driven businesses will be faster and fleeter” than those that aren't insights-driven, McCormick added. With global Gross Domestic Product (GDP) expected to grow only about 3.5 percent annually, most brands will have to “steal” customers away from competitors in order to grow. To do that, you'll need a solid technology foundation for gaining customer insights.
“Your company needs to be insights-driven by 2020,” McCormick added. “The CMO needs to know this now, not tomorrow.”
7. Competition for mobile web users gets fierce
In a session about digital marketing predictions, Tamara Gaffney, principal analyst for Adobe Digital Insights, said that overall visits to websites declined 0.4 percent since January 2014. In addition, total time spent on websites declined 22 percent from 2015 to 2016. Smartphones are behind the shift, making it more important than ever to make a strong impact on mobile, she said.
“You've got two seconds to get a mobile experience right the first time,” added R “Ray” Wong, principal analyst and chairman at Constellation Research, in the same session. “And if it's bad, they won't come back.”
Put another way: “Make sure your loyal (mobile) visitors come back again and again, because your competitors are trying to steal them,” said Gaffney.
In a separate session, Travis Sabin, mobile app and analytics product manager for Adobe, said that 61 percent of mobile web users are unlikely to return to a site if they had a bad experience.
8. Plan for a future in which people don't buy things
Many consumer brands are focused on selling their products in the largest volumes possible. But in the age of Uber and Netflix, many consumers “don't own things anymore, they're accessing them,” said Wong. “So, when you think about how to sell something, think about what is the smallest unit you can sell and be profitable. Think about how you might not be selling products anymore, you might be selling services. Choose technology to support that business model. Understand that speed and time to innovation trumps perfection. It's better to move forward than to try to move perfectly. And don't hang on to the past, or to an old business model, or someone will disrupt you and you'll have to respond.”
9. Focus less on campaigns
Content marketing has a success rate of only 30 percent, according to Joe Pulizzi, founder, Content Marketing Institute, in a session on content marketing. The low rate is because, too often, marketers think in terms of campaigns that have start and end dates. But you should think of content marketing as publishing, and “publishing never ends,” he said.
“It takes time to build an audience, and most marketers are very impatient,” Pulizzi added. “The average time from the start of content marketing to monetization is 12 to 18 months.”
10. Email marketing still rocks
In terms of overall content marketing effectiveness, email marketing tops the list of channels, ahead of social media networks, said Pulizzi. “Email is the best thing we've got as marketers.” With email, you can communicate directly with, and gain valuable insights into, your subscribers. There's no gatekeeper standing between you and your customer, as there is with social media networks like Facebook.
For example, Starbucks has built a following of nearly 5 million people on Google+. But how will those followers benefit Starbucks if Google+ goes away?, Pulizzi asked. It's better to focus primarily on channels, like email marketing, where you can completely control the interaction with fans and followers.
11. Mobile apps and mobile websites serve different purposes
Is a branded mobile app or a mobile website better for attracting, engaging and delighting customers? The answer: It depends.
Mobile apps are best for providing location-aware offers and features, messaging with customers, encouraging customer loyalty with rewards or other offers, providing customer service and enabling offline functionality, while the mobile web is ideal for enabling local searches, sharing URLs on social media, reaching new customers, increasing your brand's exposure, influencing purchase behavior and easily updating content, said Benjamin Weiss, product manager for pharmacy store chain Walgreens, which offers both a mobile website and a mobile app. Weiss spoke during a session in which mobile apps were pitted against the mobile web.
Ideally, your brand should leverage both. But if your top goal is to reach new and existing customers, focus on the mobile web. A mobile app is recommended to engage customers and improve customer service.
12. Customer engagement starts with happy employees
Virtual reality, augmented reality, 360-degree live videos, AI, machine learning. With so many emerging technologies to enhance marketing and customer experience, where does a CIO focus?
The technology is important, of course. But CIOs should focus, above all, on their team members, said Adobe CIO, Cynthia Stoddard, in an interview. “There's been a lot of talk about how to digitize the workspace to focus on customer experiences,” she said. And while that's important, CIOs “need to take some of that strategic thinking and apply it to their workforce. How do you prepare your organization to really be a leader in the future? How do you support the changing base of employees and give them the tools they're happy with, to keep them from Ubering on to the next place? That's the real challenge for CIOs.”
Read CMO Australia's extensive coverage from the 2017 Adobe Summit:
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
Could these movies really win Oscars? Classic, high-fiber movies seem to have been falling out of favor for a few years at awards season — lightweight, crowd-pleaser “Argo” won last year — but this year could...
‘Bad Grandpa' beats ‘Gravity' at the box office Apparently astronauts are no match for Jackass. Paramount's “Jackass Presents: Bad Grandpa” topped the weekend box office with $32 million, according to studio estimates Sunday, sinking three-week champ “Gravity” to...
Project info
Prosopagnosia is a disorder where the patients don´t recognize familiar faces, including their own. For me, it´s also a common symptom of the life in modern cities, of course in a much milder form. We don´t recognize the people we went to school with or our neighbours because we are constantly staring at our smartphones or are for other reasons with our thoughts in another world. Individual people turn to shadows, one looking like one another.
Some Dolphins note on a Friday:
• Is any quarterback pounded more on social media than Jay Cutler? Check out some of the criticism on Twitter in the wake of last Sunday's Saints debacle:
Former Bears center and current Chicago talk show host Olin Kreutz: “Matt Moore will start for the Dolphins before the year is over.”
• Former NFL running back and UM alum Jarrett Payton after a Cutler pick: “That's the Jay Cutler I know.”
• ESPN's Stephen A. Smith: “Awwww Damn! Another Sunday, another game Jay Cutler can't get it done. I'm so surprised! I'm so surprised!”
• Michael Rapoport, of Barstool Sports tweeted to his 300,000 followers: “Smoking Jay Cutler hasn't thrown a legit TD in two games. Bring in Kap now.”
• Fox Sport's Shannon Sharpe, sarcastically: “Damn. If Cutler didn't know the Dolphins offense…. Wish Kap knew that offense.”
• ESPN's Michael Wilbon: “You trust your team to Cutler at this point, you get exactly what you deserve: nothing, losses, shutout.”
• And there was this highly critical piece by Bleacher Report's Mike Freeman today.
More Videos 1:42 Dolphins' Jay Ajayi talks about returning from concussion Pause 1:21 Pouncey: The competitor in me wants to get out on the field 1:38 Miami Dolphins Jay Cutler talks to media after practice 1:09 Gase talks about Cutler's Dolphins debut 1:26 Coast Guard crews deliver medical supplies in Puerto Rico 1:18 Farm Share helping to feed those still hungry after Irma 26:44 One Day with President: 24 hrs with Bolivia's Evo Morales 2:58 Trump praises first responders and survivors' bravery in Vegas mass shooting 1:07 Panthers Cam Newton thinks it's funny to hear a 'female talk about routes' 0:44 Aventura police charge woman with animal cruelty Video Link copy Embed Code copy
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Miami Dolphins Jay Cutler talks to media after practice Jay Cutler, Miami Dolphins quarterback, talks about flying more in the first part of the season than some teams in the NFL will fly all season. Miami Dolphins Jay Cutler talks to media after practice Jay Cutler, Miami Dolphins quarterback, talks about flying more in the first part of the season than some teams in the NFL will fly all season. Charles Trinor Jr. Miami Herald
NEWS AND NOTES
• Cornerback Xavien Howard (shoulder) said he's fine and will play Sunday. Defensive tackle Jordan Phillips (ankle) also said he expects to play.
Howard, Phillips, Byron Maxwell, Terrence Fede and Mike Hull were all listed as questionable but all practiced fully Thursday.
• Tennessee Titans coach Mike Mularkey said quarterback Marcus Mariota (hamstring) will be a game-time decision Sunday. He's listed as questionable. Matt Cassel is the backup.
Dolphins defensive end Andre Branch said the Dolphins are preparing to face Mariota.
“That's the toughest thing when there's an unknown here, especially with the differences in the two,” Adam Gase said. “If Marcus plays, it's really an emphasis on one thing. If Matt plays, it probably changes for them.”
But Cam Wake said: “There's a blank spot in the backfield. I will get there no matter who is there. Nameless, face.”
More Videos 1:42 Dolphins' Jay Ajayi talks about returning from concussion Pause 1:21 Pouncey: The competitor in me wants to get out on the field 1:38 Miami Dolphins Jay Cutler talks to media after practice 1:09 Gase talks about Cutler's Dolphins debut 1:26 Coast Guard crews deliver medical supplies in Puerto Rico 1:18 Farm Share helping to feed those still hungry after Irma 26:44 One Day with President: 24 hrs with Bolivia's Evo Morales 2:58 Trump praises first responders and survivors' bravery in Vegas mass shooting 1:07 Panthers Cam Newton thinks it's funny to hear a 'female talk about routes' 0:44 Aventura police charge woman with animal cruelty Video Link copy Embed Code copy
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Miami Dolphins quarterback Jay Cutler says he is comfortable with the team Quarterback Jay Cutler (6) speaks to the media after Miami Dolphins football practice on Wednesday, Sept. 20, 2017. Miami Dolphins quarterback Jay Cutler says he is comfortable with the team Quarterback Jay Cutler (6) speaks to the media after Miami Dolphins football practice on Wednesday, Sept. 20, 2017. Al Diaz adiaz@miamiherald.com
• If Gase decides to re-allocate playing time, tight end would be one potential position.
Through two games, Julius Thomas has 141 snaps, Anthony Fasano 63 and MarQueis Gray just nine.
“I don't think I've had this low a rep count but I'm adapting in the role,” Fasano said.
Thomas has eight catches for 71 yards in three games and Pro Football Focus ranks him 70th of 71 tight ends as a run blocker.
• Julius Thomas said he will continue to kneel during the National Anthem.
Julius Thomas, Michael Thomas and Kenny Stills have kneeled for the anthem since President Donald Trump used a derogatory term to describe players who kneel for the anthem. Thomas was non-committal about kneeling Sunday.
Here's my six-pack of Heat notes today, including personnel stuff.
Carrie Parsons, 31, was a Seattle resident remembered as a "one in a million friend," according to Laura Cooper and KOMO News in Seattle. She was an avid fan of country music singer Eric Church — one of the festival's headliners — who she'd seen more than 10 times.
Cooper, a close friend, learned from Parsons' mother that her friend had been shot. "I woke up and I thought 'is this real?'" she told KOMO. "'Did this actually happen or is this just a bad nightmare?' No — it's real — a senseless tragedy I can't make sense of."
Former Origin Energy CIO, Olaf Pietschner was on Tuesday named as head of Capgemini in Australia and New Zealand.
Pietschner joined the company last year as its chief operating officer for the region and is succeeding Nicolas Aidoud in the top role.
Commenting on the appointment, Luc-Francois Salvador, executive chairman of Capgemini in Asia Pacific and Middle East, said Pietschner had been a key member of the executive team.
“Olaf's extensive experience in business, technology consulting and digital transformation will strengthen our innovation agenda to address the business ambitions of our clients, aligning our service portfolio with customer demand for both innovation and competitiveness,” he said.
“Asia Pacific is Capgemini's fastest growing region and a top priority for the group as we continue to capitalise on the opportunities in this market. I would like to thank Nicolas for his leadership and his contribution to the Australian business.”
Prior to joining Capgemini, Pietschner spent 8 years as chief information officer at Origin Energy. He was also group director, technology at News Corp between 2004 and 2009 and a principal at Capgemini between 2002 and 2004.
Follow CIO Australia on Twitter and Like us on Facebook… Twitter: @CIO_Australia, Facebook: CIO Australia, or take part in the CIO conversation on LinkedIn: CIO Australia
Follow Byron Connolly on Twitter: @ByronConnolly
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
Center for American Progress president and CEO Neera Tanden told staff in an email Tuesday evening that she is sorry, following a BuzzFeed News report late Monday on sexual harassment issues at the liberal think tank.
Tanden emailed all staff at CAP as well as its sister organization CAP Action, which is focused on politics and elections, twice on Tuesday. In the first email, Tanden claimed “inaccuracies” in the BuzzFeed News report, while declining to name them and stating that CAP had acted “quickly and decisively” in response to sexual harassment allegations at the organization.
By Tuesday evening, Tanden emailed staff that she had spoken to “members of our community” and “wanted to share some additional thoughts.” Tanden noted that CAP will hold an all-staff meeting Wednesday to discuss the issue in an “open and frank” way and also invited employees to share their thoughts on an anonymous Google doc, noting “it's sometimes hard for some to raise issues at All Staff.”
“I am deeply sorry that that anyone has felt unsupported after having the courage to come forward,” Tanden wrote in an email to staff just before 8 p.m. ET. “When any staffer doesn't feel comfortable or feels like they are being badly treated, that's a problem for us. It is our commitment to continue to learn and work harder to ensure we have a workplace where every single staffer feels comfortable. At the end of the day the most important thing is that our staff feel safe, supported, and listened to. That that didn't happen is something that is on me to rectify for the future.”
Tanden added that CAP is working with the employee union to set up sexual harassment training at the company, after 19 current and former staffers told BuzzFeed News that they had not undergone such a training during their time at the organization. “We also recognize the need for ongoing discussion of issues related to harassment.”
In closing her email, Tanden said that she would be available to talk with staff one on one and said, "CAP has been a proud leader in policy fights to create safe work environments, and we will be just as vigilant to ensure that we do that within our own walls."
Tanden's comments come after BuzzFeed News reported late Monday about issues of sexual harassment at the organization, a major progressive organization in Washington, DC, as well as allegations of retaliation by the women who reported the harassment.
Those reports of harassment centered on Benton Strong, a former communications employee with CAP, who was suspended with pay for three days — through his end date at the organization — after he was reported to the human resources department for sending sexually explicit text messages to a junior staffer. Strong had also been reported to HR two months earlier for asking female staff if they had been flashed or masturbated in front of by a stranger and mocking one woman who said she cried as a result of that happening to her.
A spokesperson for CAP declined to comment on the emails Tuesday.
Former murder accused remanded on attempt murder charge
A gold miner who was previously charged for murder was yesterday remanded to prison on an
attempt murder charge.
Shawn Filiicene appeared before Chief Magistrate Ann McLennan in the Georgetown Magistrates' Courts, where he was not required to plead to the indictable charge.
Particulars of the allegation stated that on February 11, at Iwang, Backdam, Potaro River, with intent to commit murder he wounded Manuel DeSantos.
The 43-year-old accused was told to return to court on April 18, in the Mahdia Magistrate's Court.
Police Prosecutor Deniro Jones said that Filiicene was previously charged for murder. However the charge was withdrawn.
Prosecutor Jones pointed out that the virtual complainant received multiple stab wounds to the neck and is still hospitalized in a critical condition.
Meanwhile, in another case, a 33-year-old farmer was yesterday released on $300,000 bail after being slapped with a wounding charge.
Lawrence Gomes of Paramakatoi, pleaded not guilty to the allegation which stated that on January 29, at Paramakatoi, North Pakaraima, he unlawfully and maliciously inflicted bodily harm on Rawlinson Robin.
Attorney Everston Lammy-Singh in a bail petition told the court that his client is the sole breadwinner of his home. Prosecutor Jones did not oppose bail for Gomes but requested that it be granted in a substantial amount.
Further, Prosecutor Jones disclosed that the parties are known to each other since they reside in the same village. Chief Magistrate Ann McLennan ordered the defendant not to go within 50 feet of the virtual complainant or witnesses in the matter.
This case will be called again on March 7, in the Lethem Magistrate's Court.
Video
BBC News NI travels to south Armagh, where former Irish customs enforcement manager Sean Kelleher explains the complexities of controlling the Irish border post-Brexit.
Shortly after winning her first UFC title by defeating Tonya Evinger, Cris “Cyborg” Justino called out her next desired opponent — except she wasn't from the UFC. The new UFC...
WASHINGTON: Retired Gen. Michael Flynn's resignation Monday night, after only 24 days in office as national security adviser (NSA), has jarred the Donald Trump administration, adding to existing turmoil over appointments and strategy for the 45th US president.
The resignation over secret contacts that Flynn had with Russian officials was not entirely a surprise, after weeks of leaks and discrepancies in his statements about the calls he made to them.
The smoking gun appears to have been Flynn's call to Russian Ambassador Serge Kislyak on Dec. 29 in which, according to US officials quoted in the Washington Post and New York Times, they discussed easing new sanctions on Russia, which is considered illegal since Flynn was not yet an authorized official.
What quickened his downfall was misleading his superior, Vice President Mike Pence, over the Kislyak call, prompting an inaccurate defense of Flynn by Pence on public television on Jan. 15.
While Flynn could face a Congressional investigation into his behavior and possible violation of the Logan Act for breaking the law forbidding unauthorized individuals from negotiating with foreign governments over conflicts, he is unlikely to face imminent legal action.
His resignation, however, has shaken an already fragile Trump White House, with increasing chatter of more resignations to come of officials who were brought on by Flynn.
According to the New York Times, they could include his deputy K.T. McFarland, Dave Horan or Robin Townley, whose security clearance was blocked by US intelligence last week.
Sources told Arab News that Flynn was seen as “insecure and confrontational” inside the White House.
The Washington Post reported him having no friends to defend him after alienating Pence, being disliked by chief strategist Steve Bannon, and having a tense history with both the intelligence community and Defense Secretary James Mattis.
While the White House and Republican leaders reaffirmed Trump's decision to let go of Flynn following an “evolving and eroding level of trust,” according to spokesperson Sean Spicer, there is an effort to move swiftly in finding a replacement and restructuring the team and National Security Council (NSC) strategy.
US media — including CNN, NBC and CBS — have focused on three potential names who are in the running to replace Flynn: Retired Gen. Joseph Keith Kellogg Jr., who has been named acting NSA and is a close ally of Flynn; former CIA Director Gen. David Petraeus, who met with Trump yesterday; and Vice Admiral Robert Harward, a retired Navy SEAL and former deputy commander of Central Command.
White House adviser Kellyanne Conway confirmed to NBC that there are “three candidates, very strong candidates that will be considered for a permanent position here.” Harward is considered the frontrunner because of his good connections to the military and very close relation with Mattis, whom Trump has grown to respect and listen to.
Harward was born into a Navy family. He lived in Iran and graduated from the Tehran American School in 1974, five years before the Islamic Revolution. He worked as an executive for Lockheed Martin in the United Arab Emirates (UAE), and is known for his direct, no-nonsense military approach. What could also work in his favor is that Kellogg, 72, is seen as too old for the tedious job of NSA and too close to Flynn.
Petraeus' legal woes could overshadow his appointment after having pleaded guilty to a disclosure of classified information to his biographer Paula Broadwell in 2012. Yet Petraeus' good chemistry with Trump, and his vast experience in the Middle East, could make the US president overlook the scandal.
On the Middle East particularly, Flynn's resignation will hurt outreach to Russia in coordinating the fight against Daesh in Syria, since the former NSA was the main interlocutor with Moscow on the issue. It is also seen as bad news for Ankara, since Flynn had advocated extraditing opposition figure Fethullah Gulen to Turkey.
It is unclear if Flynn's resignation will affect the strategy on Iran, especially since it was he who put Tehran “on notice” after its ballistic missile test on Jan. 29. Sources close to the administration told Arab News there is an overarching consensus among the defense, state and intelligence departments in countering Iran regionally, a view Flynn shared.
For now, all eyes will be on his replacement, and Trump's roadmap to force some balance and stability into his tenure after what has been by all measures a rocky start for the new administration.
Ana Veciana-Suarez writes a column about family, women's and social issues. She is the author of Flight to Freedom and The Chin Kiss King.
Gold eased Friday, leaving the lead futures contract on track for a weekly loss, as investors awaited further clues on the Federal Reserve's plan for U.S. interest rates from the September payrolls report.
Gold was poised for a weekly fall of around 1% after posting declines in each of the last three weeks.
December gold GCZ7, -0.25% was recently off $1.10, or 0.1%, to $1,272.10 an ounce. The exchange-traded SPDR Gold Shares GLD, -0.54% was little changed in premarket action.
December silver SIZ7, -0.17% meanwhile, tried for a slim gain, last up less than 1 cent, or less than 0.1%, at $16.645 an ounce, while the silver ETF iShares Silver Trust SLV, +0.00% was up 0.2%.
Investors are eagerly anticipating Friday's jobs report, which is expected to show the clearest sign of the effect of Hurricanes Irma, Harvey and Maria on job creation for September. Average estimates of economists polled by MarketWatch are for a gain of 75,000, compared with twice that figure last month, with the unemployment rate expected to hold steady at 4.4%.
See: Hurricanes may make it look like U.S. ‘lost' jobs for first time since 2010
Upbeat economic data are expected to bolster the Federal Reserve's case for increasing rates once more in 2017, and likely into 2018.
Gold traders have been on the defensive as the dollar hit “its highest level on a trade-weighted basis since mid-August. This development has been driven by the very robust U.S. economic data released in recent days, which have caused the Fed rate hike expectations to pick up,” said Carsten Fritsch and the commodities analysts at Commerzbank in a commentary.
“What is more, stock markets are still extremely buoyant. The leading U.S. stock indices are achieving new record highs on a daily basis. It is hard for gold to gain any ground in this market environment,” he said.
The dollar, as gauged by the ICE U.S. Dollar Index DXY, +0.10% which measures the greenback against a basket of six rivals, was up 0.1% at 93.96. It has risen 0.9% so far this week. A stronger dollar makes gold more expensive to buyers using other monetary units, and richer yields undercut the appeal of owning gold and other metals, which don't bear a yield. The 10-year U.S. Treasury yield TMUBMUSD10Y, +0.77% traded near 2.347% compared with 2.17% at the start of September.
On Comex, December copper HGZ7, -0.33% slipped to $3.0435 a pound. January platinum PLF8, -0.11% rose nearly 0.4% to $921.50 an ounce and December palladium PAZ7, +0.26% added 0.7% to $943.30 an ounce.
This current rally is rooted in greedy hopes, not grounded fundamentals, writes Tim Mullaney. See full story.
Bitcoin hits milestone of $1,000 as 2017 begins
The price of the cryptocurrency hit the highest level since late 2013, topping $1,000, as the first day of trading kicked off for 2017. See full story.
Two presidential New Year's tweets, two vastly different messages
President Barack Obama and President-elect Donald Trump issued starkly different New Year's messages on Twitter over the weekend See full story.
The best stocks for 2017 might be the worst performers of 2016
Poorly performing large companies tend to become better values, attracting investors, says Mark Hulbert. See full story.
Why you should listen to Harry Dent even if you don't believe a word
Investors should seek out the whole spectrum of opinion, even if they reject most of it, because it makes them better informed, writes Chuck Jaffee See full story.
The startup world is full of jargon that can sound odd — if not downright indecipherable — to outsiders. Take the quiz to see how well you know it. See full story.
Taylor Swift's allegation that a former morning radio host reached under her skirt and grabbed her backside during a photo session is bringing attention to a common but largely hidden outrage for many women.
Taylor Swift's allegation that a former morning radio host reached under her skirt and grabbed her backside during a photo session is bringing attention to a common but largely hidden outrage for many women.
(AP Photo/David Zalubowski). Ryan Kliesch, a Denver radio host, emerges from the federal courthouse after testifying in the civil trial involving pop singer Taylor Swift, Friday, Aug. 11, 2017 in Denver.
(AP Photo/David Zalubowski). Ryan Kliesch, a Denver radio host, emerges from the federal courthouse after testifying in the civil trial involving pop singer Taylor Swift. Friday, Aug. 11, 2017 in Denver.
(AP Photo/David Zalubowski). Attorneys for pop singer Taylor Swift, Douglas Baldridge, left, and Jesse P. Schaudies, Jr., are surrounded by photographers as they enter the federal courthouse for the morning session in the civil trial.
(AP Photo/David Zalubowski). Tree Paine, right, publicist for pop singer Taylor Swift, walks with the singer's brother, Austin Swift, out of the federal courthouse after a ruling in the civil trial for the singer.
By JAMES ANDERSON and TATIANA FLOWERSAssociated Press
DENVER (AP) - Jurors on Monday began weighing dueling lawsuits over Taylor Swift's accusation that a former radio host groped her during a 2013 meet-and-greet after attorneys for both sides pointed to a photo as proof that the alleged assault either did or did not happen.
During closing arguments in federal court, David Mueller's attorney questioned why Swift was smiling in a pre-concert photo taken when she said Mueller reached under her dress and grabbed her backside.
"Look at Ms. Swift's face. Is that the face of someone who's in shock, who is upset?" Gabriel McFarland said while showing the photograph of Mueller and Swift at a backstage event.
Swift, who testified forcefully last week, cried and wiped her face as her mother touched her right leg. Andrea Swift touched her daughter's hand as McFarland said the photograph meant nothing.
When the attorney suggested that Swift would not have kept her arm over Mueller's if he had grabbed her backside, Swift silently mouthed "wow."
Swift's lawyer also pointed to Mueller's expression in the photo as proof. Without using the expletive, lawyer Douglas Baldridge said, "That is an S-eating smile right there."
The photo was shown several times to jurors but has been sealed by the court.
The civil trial came after Mueller sued Swift, her mother and the singer's former radio liaison Frank Bell, saying they got him fired from his job at a Denver country music station and seeking up to $3 million in compensation for his ruined career. He denies touching the pop star.
U.S. District Judge William Martinez dismissed the claim against Swift on Friday, saying Mueller did not present enough evidence. The six-woman, two-man jury is still considering the claims against Andrea Swift and Bell.
The judge also said the former DJ is only entitled to two years' worth of earnings - about $300,000 - if jurors side with him.
Swift has countersued, alleging assault and seeking a symbolic $1 judgment. She said she wants to serve as an example to other women who have been assaulted.
Jurors much reach a unanimous verdict on each claim.
The singer's lawyer said during a closing argument that Mueller lost audio recordings he secretly took during a meeting with his bosses shortly after he was fired. Baldridge accused Mueller of changing his story and noted that his side never disclosed what the lost evidence was at trial.
"The guy did it. Don't be fooled," he told jurors.
McFarland told jurors that Swift's account of what happened is inconsistent with the testimony of every other member of her team. He also said Mueller immediately asked someone to call the police when he was confronted by security guards.
"That's not the type of guy who grabs or gropes a superstar, apparently out of the blue," he said.
He also cast doubt on the claim of former Swift security guard Greg Dent that he saw Mueller touch Swift while the photo was shot but did not act because he did not think she was in danger.
McFarland said the photographer who took the image, Stephanie Simbeck, "started it all" by pulling the photo of Mueller, his then-girlfriend and Swift from dozens taken at the event and showing it to Swift, who identified Mueller as the person who touched her.
Baldridge told jurors that Swift is standing up for all women and saying, "No means no."
He characterized Mueller as an aggressor and asked jurors: "Will aggressors like David Mueller be allowed to victimize their victims?"
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Ogle pays Govt. US $6 per acre but rents to operators for over US$6000
“Ogle Airport Inc (OAI) is making a kill using a state asset—441 acres of land. This is a state asset that they have been handed to operate. But how can they be allowed to charge us a rate 1000 times more that what they are paying to the government?”
That is the concern of an aviation operative who spoke to Kaieteur News on the grounds of anonymity.
Ogle is now paying the Government of Guyana US$6 per acre a year, but demands US$6098 from the subleases in years 2016 and 2017. From this year, subleases will have to pay US$6104 per acre, until 2020.
OAI has already signalled intention to further raise the fee to US$7,405 per acre. This will take effect from 2021 to 2023.
Operators are complaining about the fee and are calling it “advantage.”
Aviation operators have been complaining about several issues at Eugene F. Correia International Airport. Kaieteur News understands that several letters have been written to Ministers of the present and past government. The fee issue was highlighted in a letter sent to Minister of Public Infrastructure, David Patterson. However, the issue is yet to be addressed.
When some of the issues affecting large and small operators and the Eugene F. Correia International Airport were put to officials of OAI, they said that they asked Minister Patterson to set up an airport review committee but he never did.
The issues remain unaddressed.
OAI is a private company that operates the Eugene F Correia International Airport. It was given a lease for 25 years in 2001.
At least two people were seriously injured and a horse was killed late Wednesday afternoon in a wreck involving four vehicles on U.S. 377.
Miami Heat coach Erik Spoelstra holds a press conference to take stock the team's thrilling season and what lies ahead for the offseason.
More FOX Sports Florida Videos Goran Dragic says the Heat need to improve ball movement Erik Spoelstra on playoff chase: ‘I love our guys going through this right now' Full Timeout: Miami Heat's Tyler Johnson Rays' Jake Odorizzi vs. Yankees' CC Sabathia on Tuesday Florida Midday Minute: Rays, Magic, Lightning in action Tuesday Mackenzie Weegar on first NHL game: ‘Everybody made me feel really comfortable out there' More FOX Sports Florida Videos
From Gary Thomas
PLACERVILLE, Ca. (March 19, 2018) – Despite the World of Outlaws event being postponed until September the inaugural Placerville Speedway season kick-off party will still take place tomorrow (Tuesday March 20) at Beef'N'Brew from 5:30pm to 7:30pm! Rain or shine please come and have a great time with us!
There will be amazing food and beverage options during the event and World of Outlaws driver Brad Sweet will also be on hand for autographs along with Pville Sprint Car champion Steven Tiner, Forni Classic winner Justyn Cox, Pure Stock driving champ Jason Palmer, speedway regular Tyler Lightfoot and others! Beef ‘N' Brew is located at 4232 Fowler Lane in Diamond Springs, CA.
Weather permitting, Placerville Speedway is scheduled to host the Red Hawk Casino weekly championship opener this Saturday March 24. Divisions on hand for “Student Night” will include the Thompson's Auto Group Winged 360 Sprint Cars, Ltd. Late Models, Pure Stocks and Dwarf Cars. $5 tickets will be available to those who show their student ID at the speedway box office on Saturday.
Pre-sale tickets for Saturday are also available at https://www.universe.com/events/2018-placerville-speedway-championship-points-race-1-tickets-placerville-VCY902
Two people have been arrested in connection with a massive brawl outside the Turkish embassy last month in Washington, DC.
Washington, DC, police spokesperson Rachel Reid told BuzzFeed News that two men had been arrested. Sinan Narin was charged with a felony and misdemeanor for assault. Eyup Yildirim was charged with two felonies and a misdemeanor, also for assault.
Reid said both men are US citizens. Yildirim is from New Jersey, where is he currently awaiting extradition, and Narin is from Virginia. Police did not say where the men were arrested or how police zeroed in on them in the weeks following the fight.
Mayo's attacking options for season ahead have been dealt a blow with the news that talented forward Alan Freeman has left the squad.
Freeman told manager Stephen Rochford of his decision on Sunday last.
Due to work commitments, "Alan can't commit right now to being part of the Mayo squad,” Rochford told the Mayo News.
“But I've always said that the panel remains open-ended and who knows what might happen in the future."
Freeman did start in Mayo's opening league encounter with Monaghan and was due to start against the Kingdom last weekend. However, he was replaced by Andy Moran before the throw-in.
Ahead of the clash with Roscommon on Sunday week, Mayo management are hopeful that Aidan O'Shea, Brendan Harrison and Conor Loftus will be back in contention for a place in the match-day squad.
The trio have yet to start a game for the county this year.
One year later. Have customers forgiven United Airlines?
In April 2017, United Airlines faced a crisis that went viral on social media in a matter of hours, brought an out-of-court settlement and, eventually, an apology from the company's chief executive Oscar Munoz. It's a painful reminder of how a PR disaster in the social media age can spread so fast that it becomes a cultural touchstone for everything people feel is wrong with air travel.
On April 9, 2017, a 69-year-old doctor, David Dao, was forcibly removed from a United flight at Chicago's O'Hare International Airport because the flight was overbooked. His face bloodied, the man was dragged up the aisle of the United UAL, -1.96% airplane by a airport security officer after he refused to get off the plane. It was a video that few people will forget.
But can they forgive United? Many customers have moved on and are once again focused on other issues like price and convenience, but a new survey found that some have yet to put the issue to rest. It didn't help that in the year since Dao was removed from the United flight in such an undignified manner, the airline experienced several incidents of pets onboard that have either been injured or died.
Consumer perception of United is still far below what it was this time last year. It currently stands at -6.9 compared to 17 in the days before the incident (on a scale of -100 to 100), according to consumer perception firm YouGov BrandIndex. (Granted, it fell to -40 a month after the video went viral.) So while it's improved from those lows, it still has a long way to go to regain its previous high. (The airline did not immediately respond to request for comment.)
Don't miss: Have you heard the one about a Nobel Prize–winning economist getting ejected from a United Airlines flight?
Consumers' purchase consideration — a measurement of potential sales revenue — paints a different, brighter story for the airline. “With domestic airlines consolidated down to a handful, travelers likely had no choice but to put United back on their ticketing radars, even if they didn't think much of them,” the report said. It's still above the industry average for domestic airlines.
On April 10, 2017, 35% of travelers said they'd consider booking their next flight with United and that bottomed out at 18% one month later, YouGov found. Currently, 30% of travelers would consider flying United the next time they book a flight, six percentage points above the domestic airline sector average, but still below last year's level.
However, United's purchase consideration fell to 25% in March when a flight attendant told a woman to put her dog in an overhead bin of a flight from Houston to New York's LaGuardia Airport. The dog died. United said it would carry out a “thorough and systematic review of our program for pets.” It suspended new reservations for pet cargo after animal deaths on United doubled in one year.
For this latest piece of research, YouGov BrandIndex used its “impression score” and asked respondents: “Which of the following airlines do you have a positive or negative impression?” YouGov BrandIndex defined “travelers” as consumers 18 and over who said they were somewhat likely, likely, or very likely to travel in the next year.
BERLIN — A Syrian refugee family in Germany has named their newly born baby girl Angela Merkel Muhammed out of gratitude to the chancellor for her open-door asylum policy in 2015, hospital officials said.
“The first name of the girl is Angela, the second is Merkel. With this decision, the parents wanted to show their thankfulness to the chancellor,” said a spokeswoman for St. Franziskus Hospital in the western German city of Muenster.
Angela Merkel Muhammed was born on Aug. 16, measuring 21 inches and weighing 8.6 pounds, he said, adding the girl was the parents' fifth child.
Her mother, Asia Faray, and father, Khalid Muhammed, arrived in Germany with their then four children at the height of the refugee crisis in 2015.
Merkel, due to hold an election campaign rally in Muenster on Tuesday, lost popular support last year over worries about how Germany could absorb an influx of over a million migrants.
But with the refugee flow now stemmed, Merkel's popularity has recovered. Opinion polls put her conservatives some 15 percentage points ahead of their nearest rivals ahead of a national election on September 24.
It's not the first time that a refugee family in Germany has named its newly born baby this way. In February 2015, Angela Merkel Ade was born in a hospital in the northern city of Hanover. Her mother had migrated from Ghana to Germany.
Doctor gets no-jail sentence for using upskirt pen cam A disgraced pervert urologist who used a hidden camera to film up women's skirts in Union Square got a no-jail sentence Wednesday in Manhattan Supreme Court. Adam Levinson, who plead...
Doctor admits using upskirt pen cam to avoid jail Disgraced Manhattan urologist Adam Levinson copped to using a hidden pen camera in bustling Union Square to film up a woman's skirt as he was granted a no-jail plea deal...
INDIANAPOLIS (WISH) — Visitors to an area farmer's market had the chance to help local food pantries Wednesday.
Mayor Joe Hogsett went shopping at the Original Farmers' Market downtown in support of the initiative.
Every Wednesday, the Original Farmers' Market gathers donations and delivers them to local food pantries.
This week, the donations benefited Horizon House, a day shelter connecting the homeless with resources and basic amenities.
“That's an important step that people in Indianapolis can take to help us, help our neighbors who happen to be food insecure or those who are using social service networks to feed their families and to stay healthy with nutritious food,” Hogsett said.
The mayor has been working on several projects aiming to fight food insecurity in the city.
Bloomberg Markets AM with Pimm Fox and Lisa Abramowicz.
GUEST: Jason Trennert, Chairman and Chief Investment Officer of Strategas Research Partners, on yields, earnings, and market outlook.
Running time 07:08
When you're off seeing the best attractions in the USA and want to take a break to sip on the best new craft beers, you might want to consider an entire brewery tour instead. Kill two birds with one stone when signing up for the best boozy tours in America, which will get you drunk and knowledgeable. Afterwards, opt to fill your stomach up with the best burgers in America… or keep the party going at one of the best dance clubs in America.
A post shared by Brooklyn Brewery (@brooklynbrewery) on Nov 4, 2016 at 10:40am PDT
Sure, Brooklyn's Williamsburg is now known for its incredibly vibrant nightlife but, at the turn of the 20th century, the neighborhood had a lot less cocktail lounges and a ton more breweries, including Threes Brewing, Brooklyn Brewery and Sixpoint. On this three-hour tour, you'll get to taste several local craft favorites as a guide leads you and a small group to watering holes across town. The ten tastings also include appetizers and snacks—which you'll need to keep those feet moving. Sat at noon; $74.
A post shared by Ben (@ben_speckmann) on Oct 1, 2016 at 1:46pm PDT
If you spend your weekends throwing back a few brews and chowing down on some indulgent fatty breakfast foods, this hearty tour of the Windy City is right up your alley. As you travel through two of the city's most iconic neighborhoods, Lakeview and Lincoln Park, you'll stop in several historic and new hot spots for local brews and international imports. Along the way, three of the tastings will be paired with different kinds of bacon to bring out those aromatic flavors. You might want to opt for the Sunday brunch tour, which includes the same tastings in addition to your choice of meal. Double yum. Meets at Harrigans Pub. Sat at 3:30pm; $65. Select Sun at 12:30pm; $77 including brunch.
A post shared by Golden Road Brewing (@goldenroadbrew) on Jan 23, 2017 at 12:58pm PST
Let's face it: Los Angeles can be a daunting city to navigate for first-time visitors—unless you enlist the help of an expert guide. Sign up for this afternoon of fun as craft beer experts drive you around Downtown and Central L.A. in a comfy 15-seat van, taking you to three of the best local breweries (tour stops vary by date). At each venue, you'll enjoy four tasting flights and have the chance to order some scrumptious food at at least one of the breweries. The tour lasts 4.5 hours. Departs from Union Station. Sat at noon; $69.
A post shared by Wynwood Walls (@wynwoodwallsm) on Oct 22, 2014 at 12:24pm PDT
Grab a getting-to-know-you drink with your fellow tourists before heading on a walking tour of Miami's Wynwood Arts District. Gaze at murals by world-famous artists like Chor Boogie, Retna and Trek 6 and then follow your guide inside a variety of different galleries displaying stunning contemporary art. Discuss your favorite pieces over a complimentary signature cocktail and Spanish snacks before picking back up with the tour. Meets in Wynwood Arts District. Various dates and times; $63.
A post shared by MM (@michellem0) on Apr 1, 2017 at 2:33pm PDT
See how your favorite Philly beers and spirits get made on this tour of three local breweries and distilleries. Hop aboard the minibus, where a knowledgeable, funny and friendly guide will take you to stops that include Flying Fish Brewing Company, the Philadelphia Brewing Company, the Lunacy Brewing Company, the Dock Street Brewery and Cooper River Distilling (tour stops vary by date). Admire the breweries' equipment and ask all the questions you've ever had. The tour lasts 2.5 hours and includes Philadelphia pretzels. Meets in front of the Philadelphia Convention Center. Sat at 10:30am; $65.
A post shared by Live Oak Brewing Company (@liveoakbrewing) on Feb 18, 2017 at 9:43am PST
For many people living in Austin, craft beer is just as essential to life as water and taco trucks. In a city that prizes individuality and entrepreneurialism, the amount of local breweries turning out small batches of refreshing suds should come as no surprise. On this tour, learn about Austin's brewing scene, developed over the past few years, while visiting three local facilities. Expect to travel by van and stop at Live Oak, Adelbert's, Zilker, Independence, 4th Tap, Jester King and Last Stand (tour stops vary by date). Meets at Craft Pride. Wed-Fri at 4pm; $80.
A post shared by beer sips n' trips (@beersipsntrips) on May 29, 2015 at 6:24pm PDT
Forget politics and appreciate what really brings Americans together: beer. On this tour of D.C., you'll stop by three of the capital's breweries and distilleries and sample 12 different brews and spirits. A local hand-rolled pretzel will help fortify your stomach while the guide points out historic buildings and special memorials. Meets at Donald W. Reynolds Center for Art and Portraiture. Various days at 4pm; $80.
A post shared by Night Shift Brewing (@nightshiftbeer) on Mar 31, 2017 at 10:22am PDT
Bostonians love their beer. Given the whole lot of local breweries to visit, this tour offers both a day and an evening option. Both include trips to spots like Sam Adams, Cambridge Brewing Company, Night Shift, Mystic Brewery, Downeast Cider and Beer Works (tour stops vary by date). Opt for the lunch tour to visit Meadhall, a gastropub with 100 beers on tap, or sign up for the night session to dive into the nano-brewing scene, which includes very small batches of experimental drafts. Meets at Charles Street Liquors. Various dates and times; $90-$95.
A post shared by 21stAmendment (@21stamendment) on Mar 19, 2017 at 11:24am PDT
Hop aboard this tour's open air, 12-seat vehicle to see, and taste, San Francisco like you never have before. The tour goes up and down scenic hills, through charming neighborhoods and to smaller, off-the-beaten path eateries for unusual food and the perfect beer pairing. Along the trip, you'll chow down on local delicacies like tacos dorados, bourbon ice cream and a Chomp Dog, and get a behind-the-scenes look at a local brewery. Don't worry about getting drunk on the views and brews—this tour includes drop-off service at select hotels. Departs from select downtown hotels. Various dates and time; $159.
A post shared by wingman brewers (@wingmanbrewers) on Mar 30, 2017 at 2:37pm PDT
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Google
LinkedIn
WhatsApp
Email
Copy
This adventure through the City of Destiny, Tacoma, Washington, will open your eyes to the spirit, and spirits, of the Pacific Northwest. Bring your own bike or rent a set of wheels from the tour guides for a four-hour, five-mile excursion through Grit City. The guides will point out historical spots, like Prohibition-era ruins and former underground opium dens, as you pedal to four craft breweries and a distillery, where you will wet your whistle with tastes of cold suds and more. For tourists visiting Seattle, Tacoma is only a 40-minute drive away and includes beautiful views of the water and mountains. Departs from Old Soldier Distiller. Sat at 1pm, June-November; $55.
The stars seem to be aligning for the New England Patriots.
Even with a suspension to Tom Brady at the start of the season and an injury to Rob Gronkowski towards the end of it, the team snagged the AFC's top seed at a relative stroll. Now, with the winner of the injury-decimated Raiders-Texans game seemingly awaiting them, it looks like New England's best case scenario is unfolding before them.
There's only one team that can spoil everything: The Miami Dolphins.
Here are the seedings and match ups for this year's playoffs.
Looking at the current landscape, the Patriots will undoubtedly be rooting against any potential upsets. If all the higher seeds prevail, Pats fans will watch Brady take on either Savage or Osweiler at home (good luck with that, Houston) while the Chiefs and Steelers are busy beating each other up.
But the Steelers, dangerous though they are, can also be streaky. They've lost five times this season and have relied on late scores to win a number of other games, like against the Ravens two weeks ago. The team that so many picked for the Super Bowl ahead of the season has shown it's prone to odd results, and the Dolphins, which beat the Steelers earlier in the season (albeit in Miami) may well hand them a season-ending upset this time.
And if it does, that could be a headache for New England.
A Miami upset would pit them against the Dolphins, a team which has won three of its last seven games against the Patriots. Yes, those were all in Miami, but the point remains: Rather than its cushy Raiders-Texans game, it'd take on a fired-up divisional rival off a huge upset.
At this point, the Raiders or the Texans are divisional match ups both of the top two AFC seeds will want. If Miami gets hot and takes out the Steelers, they could play the ultimate spoiler against the Pats, with the Chiefs awaiting them the Conference Championship at the end of it all. The Patriots are still the better team, of course, and they should prevail, but its pathway has become more fraught. Injuries and fatigue are suddenly in play in a way they weren't before. And that, at this point in the season, is that last thing that any team wants.
The address of the alternative location will not be released to protect those using it, many of whom are escaping violence, homelessness and other crises. It is staffed and safe, said Erin Prochnow, the YWCA's executive director.
"We are staffing the alternate location and keeping it as safe as we can, to the best of our ability," she said. "We are committed to our mission of providing safety to the women and children we serve."
Shelter residents will not return to the University Drive building for another six weeks while cleanup and repairs take place. The electrical and mechanical systems, including the elevators and fire alarm, need to be repaired and operational before residents can occupy the building, she said.
YWCA staff continue to work out of the University Drive location, answering the nonprofit's hotline, (701) 232-3449, and serving those in need.
There are no estimates available yet for monetary damages or gallons of water that spilled into the 12-year-old building, but Fire Department officials have determined the structure is sound, Prochnow said. Insurance claims adjusters and SteamMaster workers have been on site since Dec. 20 assessing the damage and drying areas that were flooded.
Temperatures in Fargo ranged from a high of 13 degrees to a low of minus 18 the week before the pipe burst. When temperatures warmed to 21 degrees on Dec. 20, enough pressure was put on a sprinkler pipe to cause it to burst, Prochnow said.
The YWCA's facilities manager turned off the water within two minutes, but not before water flowed through every level, even reaching the diaper and food storage rooms in the basement, she said. Nearly every bedroom and office was damaged throughout the building.
Fans are on and the heat is turned up to help dry out the rooms. Sheetrock is being replaced and Prochnow figures the flooring will also need to go.
"We're working hard to restore it; water is a destructive force," Prochnow said. "We so appreciate the support we've received from the community. The support of the community is how we fund our mission."
Because of the water damage, the YWCA needs housewares, including linens and kitchen goods, and food, money and volunteer time. The organization lost its supply of diapers and is in need of cold weather supplies, such as lotion, lip balm and cough medicine.
"We need all the things you're going out to get for your family during this time of year," Prochnow said.
Donated goods will be accepted at the YWCA Administrative Office at 3100 12th Ave. N. from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. and at YWCA donation bins elsewhere, including its University Drive location.
YWCA needed items
Diapers
Volunteer time
Monetary donations
Food
Personal hygiene products (deodorant, etc.)
Pots and pans
Drinking glasses
Silverware
Bed linens
Towels
Shower curtains
Lotion
Lip balm
Cough medicine and drops
Danica Patrick admits the prudent thing would have been to “just keep walking” when she was booed by fans last weekend at Pocono Raceway.
Instead, Patrick approached those fans and lectured them, telling them “I have feelings.''
Patrick also told the fans: “My job is to not sign autographs, right? My job is to drive the car and tell the crew chief what is going on. I don't appreciate the boos. It hurts my feelings.''
While in Boston on Wednesday to promote next month's race at New Hampshire Motor Speedway, Patrick discussed what happened at Pocono.
She said she “had a moment,'' according to The Associated Press.
“Every now and again they just catch you in a moment, and I had a moment,” she said.
The episode started when Patrick was walking from pit road to the garage after qualifying at Pocono. Fans were cordoned on both sides to allow teams to pass by. An adult male fan slipped through and nearly reached Patrick before a security guard physically restrained the individual. The fan appeared to be holding something to sign.
Patrick turned to see what happened and kept walking. A few fans booed her and that's when she turned and walked toward those fans.
She said Wednesday she didn't sign for that man stopped by security because she “didn't feel it was right to honor that person for disrespecting the security guard.”
Patrick's comment to the fans that it's not her job to sign autographs has ignited a debate among NASCAR drivers on if it is their job.
Kevin Harvick, a teammate to Patrick at Stewart-Haas Racing, said on his SiriusXM NASCAR Radio show “Happy Hours” this week that: “I feel like signing autographs is 100 (percent) a part of my job description. It's just something that you should do.
“I feel like the fans are a big part of what we do. For me, it's important to support the fan base and the people that we have to give them what they want. I used to be one of those guys … ‘Dang it, I don't want to stop and sign autographs,' or ‘I don't want to do the autograph session.' … I believe signing autographs is definitely a part of what you do and a responsibility of every driver in that garage.''
Ryan Blaney, who scored his first career Cup win last weekend at Pocono, addressed the issue on his podcast “The Glass Case of Emotion” on Wednesday.
“I don't think it's part of our job to sign autographs, I think it's something that we should do,'' Blaney said. “I like to do it a lot. If you're worried about getting to your car, go early to where you have 10 minutes to stop and sign for fans. I mainly try to sign for kids. That's my priority.''
Dale Earnhardt Jr. also talked about the issue on his podcast, the Dale Jr. Download, this week.
“I hate it for Danica because it paints her in a bad light, but she brought it on herself,'' Earnhardt said. “You never know when a camera's rolling, whose watching. It's certainly true in that case.”
Earnhardt said signing autographs can help him if he's frustrated with his performance.
“The thing is I have found that what makes me feel better is actually going and signing autographs because the fans talk to you and go ‘I saw your qualifying, I saw it wasn't very good. No problem, you're going to get them tomorrow,'” Earnhardt said.
“That's all you really want to hear, from whoever is going to tell you that. You're feeling like crap, you're disappointed. … Actually going to talk to the fans and hearing their reinforcement, their positive reinforcement is good for me. I kind of seek that out in those moments because I know once I go through that process of signing some autographs, talking and interacting, you kind of get your priorities readjusted, what's important.''
Follow @dustinlong and on Facebook
In today's London Daybreak podcast, we cover the biggest stories that happened overnight. The White House plans to impose tariffs worth up to $60 billion on Chinese goods as early as this week, people familiar said. Facebook plunged as U.S. and U.K. officials demanded answers from CEO Mark Zuckerberg over reports Cambridge Analytica got information on millions of users without their consent. Saudi Arabia is scaling back plans for its Aramco IPO, the WSJ reported. Juliette Saly hosts; Ramy Inocencio discusses Facebook with Sarah Frier; Christine Harvey talks about Mohammed Bin Salman's U.S. trip with Alaa Shahine.
To listen to this podcast, click here. (Run time 6:14).
A new edition of Bloomberg Daybreak is now available on mobile and on the terminal. Check out DAYB or everything you need to know this morning, and customize your settings so you only get news on the industries and assets you care about. To unsubscribe, click on the Alert tab in DAYB. Have feedback? Email daybreak1@bloomberg.net.
Joey Chestnut, as he does every year, dominated Nathan's Hot Dog Eating contest at Coney Island. Look, let's all lose our appetites together:
The count is official: JOEY CHESTNUT ATE A WORLD RECORD 74 HOT DOGS. 😱 pic.twitter.com/SFY3QYHoEj — SportsCenter (@SportsCenter) July 4, 2018
Especially when we consider the reported calorie count, which is a thing that dissuades us from becoming competitive eaters every year:
Nutrition Data on Joey Chestnut's record 74 hot dogs and buns in 10 minutes. pic.twitter.com/vsuhaHH0ah — Darren Rovell (@darrenrovell) July 4, 2018
According to Nathan's Restaurant website, a world famous beef hot dog has 280 calories, 18 grams of fat and 780 mg of sodium.
This year's results came with a bit of drama. More from USA TODAY Sports:
The judges originally counted 64 hot dogs for Chestnut, but it was later revealed that an entire plate wasn't counted. Chestnut would have won regardless.
People around Twitter, of course, had all sorts of thoughts about Chestnut's continuous excellence in the competitive eating arena:
Imagine if Kobayashi and Joey Chestnut joined forces, eating hot dogs together. You are imagining the Golden State Warriors. — Carson Cunningham (@KOCOCarson) July 4, 2018
Congrats #SJSU alumnus and competitive eating legend Joey Chestnut! The defending champ wins Nathan's famous hot dog eating contest for the 11th time setting a new record! 🌭🏆🇺🇸 #4thofJuly https://t.co/gd7roxO43W via @mercnews — San Jose State University (@SJSU) July 4, 2018
Joey Chestnut makes me never wanna eat Hotdogs — MVD in Miami! (@PG_MVD) July 4, 2018
Joey Chestnut has just as many championships as Tom Brady and Michael Jordan combined! Chestnut is the real 🐐 — Chase Horn (@ChaseHorn) July 4, 2018
A Nathan's hot dog has 24 carbs. Joey Chestnut ate 74 hot dogs. Eating 1776 carbs and 74 hot dogs on 7/4 is the most American stat in history. — Justin Karp (@jskarp) July 4, 2018
On a sunny day, it's not uncommon to see students walking around campus without their shoes on. They're equipped with a backpack and regular school attire and though they keep the same pace as their peers, their lack of footwear makes some cringe and others wonder.
According to aerospace engineering junior Riley Ormiston, the Cal Poly barefoot trend started with the Instagram account @calpolybarefooters, which features the “finest Cal Poly SLO barefooters.” He said the trend hadn't gained much traction until recently when he noticed an unusual number of barefooters around campus. There were so many that Campus Dining had to bar them from entering on-campus dining complexes.
Shutting off autopilot
However, Ormiston started going barefoot for a different reason. He stopped wearing shoes when he broke his only pair on his way to class. By the time he received his order for a new pair of shoes in the mail, he had already committed to walking barefoot.
“The reason I keep doing it is because college is such a precious time in peoples' lives and it goes by in a blink of an eye,” Ormiston said. “I found myself really dissatisfied my freshman year because I felt like I had been on autopilot for most of it. What I realized was when I wasn't wearing shoes [was that] you can't go on autopilot. You have to be constantly aware of your surroundings, how you interact with your surroundings and you just really can't miss a moment.”
Ormiston walks barefoot no matter rain or shine. The only times he considers wearing shoes depends on how hungry he is and how likely it is he'll be kicked out of a restaurant. While he isn't sure exactly what the physical benefits are of walking barefoot, Ormiston said mentally, walking barefoot can be both relaxing and cleansing, like digging feet into the sand during a beach day. The pain that comes from stepping on pebbles or gravel is minor to the feeling of being grounded.
“There is kind of something really nice about having that contact with the earth,” Ormiston said. “It's really calming and it's like, ‘you know what, no matter what happens, the ground is still going to be here.'”
Barefoot benefits
According to Dr. Rex Stevens, a chiropractor for the San Luis Obispo Wellness Center, walking with shoes causes a heel-to-toe drop, a decelerating and unnatural motion for the foot.
“If you think back to the Looney Tunes, like the Road Runner, often they are going towards the edge of the cliff and they dig their heels in to slow themselves down,” Stevens said. “It's a decelerating motion and not a great human motion if you're trying to make yourself energy efficient.”
Stevens explained that walking with shoes moves the angle of stress from the foot to the muscles that move the joints of the ankles, knees and hips. When people restrict their natural mechanics by wearing shoes, inadequate pressure in and around the bones in their legs often make them vulnerable to problems with the the iliotibial band, the ligament that runs down the outside of the thigh from the hip to the shin.
Switching to a barefoot lifestyle isn't ideal for everyone, especially for seniors or people with foot trauma. Even for a healthy person, suddenly switching to being shoeless could be too severe and may damage the soft tissue in the foot. Stevens suggests using two or three sets of shoes with progressively lower millimeter drops between the heel and the toe before going completely barefoot. He also said if there was any time to start going barefoot, it's between the ages of 18 and 22.
“For the general population, it is worth it,” he said. “Getting back to the basic mechanics of foot strike is a very positive thing, we just need to get back to it gradually … The benefits are endless, not just for the feet, but also for the knee, the hip and the spine.”
Betsy Shwartz, a certified and licensed massage therapist and reflexologist of 32 years, said it's better to walk barefoot for two main reasons. One, it allows a person to articulate all the muscles on their feet without confinement, which keeps them strong. She said muscle tone in the foot is lost when people wear shoes because the ankles are really what's moving the foot.
Secondly, she said walking barefoot helps keep people grounded and walking as nature intended.
“My thing is if you're going to walk barefoot, walk on something natural whether it's grass, sand or dirt,” Shwartz said. “Our authentic selves need to be in nature, that's when you're going to harmonize and reach equilibrium.”
PITTSBURGH — The weather keeps wreaking havoc on the Pittsburgh Pirates and the Detroit Tigers.
Steady rain at PNC Park on Tuesday forced the clubs to postpone a game for the third time in the first month of the season.
The game was the 28th postponement in the majors this season, the most related to weather through April since the commissioner's office started keeping those records in 1986. Baltimore and Tampa Bay were also rained out on Tuesday.
Detroit and Pittsburgh will make up the game with a straight doubleheader on Wednesday starting at 4:05 p.m.
This is the second time the teams will play a doubleheader this season and the third time they've had to reschedule due to weather. Wintry conditions pushed back opening day at Comerica Park on March 29 and their game on March 31 was also postponed. Pittsburgh swept a doubleheader from the Tigers on April 1. Detroit also had two games against the New York Yankees wiped out earlier this month.
Pittsburgh will send out Jameson Taillon (2-1, 2.86) in Game 1 against Detroit's Jordan Zimmermann (1-0, 7.71). Chad Kuhl (2-1, 4.57), who had been scheduled to start on Tuesday and was originally slated to take the hill for the opener of the doubleheader, will face Matthew Boyd (0-1, 1.40) in the nightcap.
The Pirates have dropped six of seven following a hot start, while the Tigers have won five of seven.
Pittsburgh's offence has cooled off during its current slide and manager Clint Hurdle believes his team's struggles are part of a somewhat larger trend, one the weather is impacting. There could be more strikeouts than hits across the majors in a month for the first time, and Hurdle pointed to frigid temperatures as an issue.
“This has been the most challenging weather I've ever been a part of, and I'm not playing,” said Hurdle, who spent a decade in the majors as a player from 1977-87 before going into coaching. “It's hard to hit when it's cold.”
Pittsburgh had more strikeouts than hits in each game while dropping a four-game set with Philadelphia last week. Hurdle pointed to his own experiences as a player as proof that when conditions aren't ideal, hitting can become painful.
“Sometimes, you can only have one bad at-bat, the first at-bat of a game, in this kind of weather, (and) that can re-arrange your mental furniture,” he said. “I know if I hit a ball right off the end of the bat, that first at-bat, I knew I didn't want to do it again. Some of my aggressiveness might have leaked out of me.”
——
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
SAN DIEGO (AP) — Franchy Cordero and Hunter Renfroe, teammates in the Pacific Coast League last season, combined to drive in all of the San Diego Padres' runs in a 4-2, sweep-clinching victory over the Cincinnati Reds on Wednesday.
Renfroe hit his 14th home run, a two-run shot that tied the score 2-2 in the sixth inning, and Cordero hit a tie-breaking single in the seventh before Renfroe's RBI groundout finished the surge.
“I know exactly what Franchy's all about, and he's done everything I expected of him since he came up,” Renfroe said of his fellow rookie.
Padres starter Jhoulys Chacin (6-5) pitched seven innings, allowing five hits and two runs.
Reds reliever Michael Lorenzen (3-2) inherited a 2-2 score from starter Amir Garrett and began the seventh with two walks, leading to two runs.
The Reds, who have lost their past nine road games, were swept at both Dodger Stadium and Petco Park to go 0-6 on the West Coast trip.
The left-handed hitting Cordero hit three home runs over the first two games of the series.
He had two singles in the finale. The second, a groundball to right field, scored Matt Szczur, who had drawn a leadoff walk against Lorenzen as a pinch-hitter.
The RBI single came after Cordero mistakenly attempted to bunt, causing third-base coach Glenn Hoffman to tell him to swing away.
“We made sure that he got the message that we trusted his bat,” manager Andy Green said.
Green said Cordero, who made his major league debut May 27 as a replacement for injured center fielder Manuel Margot, was “being selfless” when he tried to bunt, but the smarter play was to swing because Lorenzen is a strikeout pitcher.
Green said the advice to Renfroe was to be patient.
“Hunter Renfroe does not need to cheat to get to any pitch,” Green said.
Renfroe hit Garrett's 88 mph fastball 429 feet into the top of the second deck to score Yangervis Solarte and tie Nate Colbert for the most home runs by a Padres rookie before the All-Star break. Colbert went on to hit 24 home runs in that expansion season, 1969.
Brandon Mauer recorded his 12th save in 14 tries after Brad Hand threw a scoreless eighth.
The Reds rediscovered their home run prowess, getting solo shots from Jose Peraza and Joey Votto after not adding to the team's majors-leading home run total in the series' first and second games.
Peraza hit Chacin's second pitch of the game into the left-field seats for the team's first leadoff homer of the season. For Peraza, it was his third home run.
Votto cleared the wall in right-center field for his 19th homer.
Garrett took a 2-0 lead into the sixth before Solarte singled and Renfroe blasted the lefty's 91st pitch of the afternoon.
The lefty starter, 25, brought in an ERA of 7.40.
“This was a great step,” Reds manager Bryan Price said. “He's a great kid, he's a great worker, everybody pulls for Amir to do well, and I think that was certainly a step in the right direction because he was throwing three pitches over the plate for strikes and he was on the attack.”
HIGHLIGHT DEFENSE
Prompting applause from Garrett, three Reds defenders teamed up to nab Erick Aybar trying to score from first on Luis Torrens' second-inning double.
Center fielder Arismendy Alcantara threw to second baseman Scooter Gennett, who threw to catcher Tucker Barnhart. Video review upheld the outcall of plate umpire Ted Barrett.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Reds: Zack Cosart, who went into Wednesday as the leading vote-getter at shortstop for the All-Star Game, was out of the starting lineup with a quad injury for the second day in a row. He was pulled from Monday's lopsided game due to the quad.
Padres: RHP Trevor Cahill is expected to throw bullpen sessions on the upcoming trip and then begin a minor league assignment.
UP NEXT
Reds: RHP Tim Adelman (4-2, 4.34) on Friday will face the Los Angeles Dodgers in Cincinnati after going 2-0 with 2.08 ERA in his past four starts.
Padres: RHP Miguel Diaz, who made 21 relief appearance this year, will make his second career start Friday against the Milwaukee Brewers in San Diego. In his first start, last Saturday against the Kansas City Royals, the rookie was unable to get an out in the third inning.
LONDON: A new European legal ruling on workplace email monitoring could impact multinationals with operations across the Gulf.
It follows a decision by the European Court of Human Rights last month that employers must warn staff if they plan to monitor their emails.
Lawyers have urged regional companies to ensure they follow suit.
That European ruling is expected to set a precedent on how far a company could potentially snoop into their employees' online activities.
The court's decision was related to a case in Romania where a man was fired for using his work email to communicate with his family.
“The key point for employers is that their ability to monitor employees' activities on email and online must be carefully managed and prior consent obtained,” said Rebecca Ford, partner in the MENA employment team at Clyde and Co, based in Dubai.
The European ruling may pose questions for European multinationals in the region where workplace practices and norms can vary.
Samir Kantaria, partner, head of employment law, at Al Tamimi & Co. said that he advises companies when they are drawing up their HR manuals or employment contracts to ensure that the employee doesn't “expect a right to privacy” when using work email on the company's network.
“If there was any potential for an employee to make trouble for an employer, the practices we recommend our clients to take are there to try to protect them,” said Kantaria.
He is currently working on a case in which the employer is presenting work emails in a disciplinary procedure as evidence that the employee was not fulfilling the requirements of his job.
Monitoring of employee emails should be “reasonable” and “for a business purpose,” said Ford — news that might come as a relief to many employees who occasionally use their work account to quickly arrange a catch-up with friends, book a restaurant or pay a bill.
Ford added that the monitoring of employee online activities outside of the workplace or through their own personal devices could be considered “unlawful.”
While lawyers in the UAE and the rest of the Gulf can make recommendations to employers, there is as yet no specific data protection laws that apply at federal level across the UAE for example. Some other Gulf countries are in the process of developing their own laws.
In the UAE, the Penal Code and Cybercrimes law makes it a criminal offense to intercept personal and confidential material without consent. It is currently the only federal level legislation that could offer any protection against someone reading or intercepting your personal data, such as emails.
While there is move and a growing desire to set up a more specific federal level data protection law, there is nothing in the legislative pipeline yet, said Nick O'Connell, partner at the law firm Al Tamimi & Company.
“There is quite a bit of movement in the region. Qatar — about a year ago — they introduced a data protection law. I have also heard recently that Bahrain has a draft law on the horizon, and for the UAE I think it really is just a matter of time.
Data protection is much more on peoples' radar than it used to be and at a legislative level it really is just a matter of time,” he said. “In order to be a credible economy I think these days you need to make sure you are in line with what other countries are doing in this space,” he said.
Dubai International Financial Center (DIFC) and the Abu Dhabi Global Markets (ADGM) already have their own data protection laws that govern the way personal data is processed.
LONDON: A new European legal ruling on workplace email monitoring could impact multinationals with operations across the Gulf.
It follows a decision by the European Court of Human Rights last month that employers must warn staff if they plan to monitor their emails.
Lawyers have urged regional companies to ensure they follow suit.
That European ruling is expected to set a precedent on how far a company could potentially snoop into their employees' online activities.
The court's decision was related to a case in Romania where a man was fired for using his work email to communicate with his family.
“The key point for employers is that their ability to monitor employees' activities on email and online must be carefully managed and prior consent obtained,” said Rebecca Ford, partner in the MENA employment team at Clyde and Co, based in Dubai.
The European ruling may pose questions for European multinationals in the region where workplace practices and norms can vary.
Samir Kantaria, partner, head of employment law, at Al Tamimi & Co. said that he advises companies when they are drawing up their HR manuals or employment contracts to ensure that the employee doesn't “expect a right to privacy” when using work email on the company's network.
“If there was any potential for an employee to make trouble for an employer, the practices we recommend our clients to take are there to try to protect them,” said Kantaria.
He is currently working on a case in which the employer is presenting work emails in a disciplinary procedure as evidence that the employee was not fulfilling the requirements of his job.
Monitoring of employee emails should be “reasonable” and “for a business purpose,” said Ford — news that might come as a relief to many employees who occasionally use their work account to quickly arrange a catch-up with friends, book a restaurant or pay a bill.
Ford added that the monitoring of employee online activities outside of the workplace or through their own personal devices could be considered “unlawful.”
While lawyers in the UAE and the rest of the Gulf can make recommendations to employers, there is as yet no specific data protection laws that apply at federal level across the UAE for example. Some other Gulf countries are in the process of developing their own laws.
In the UAE, the Penal Code and Cybercrimes law makes it a criminal offense to intercept personal and confidential material without consent. It is currently the only federal level legislation that could offer any protection against someone reading or intercepting your personal data, such as emails.
While there is move and a growing desire to set up a more specific federal level data protection law, there is nothing in the legislative pipeline yet, said Nick O'Connell, partner at the law firm Al Tamimi & Company.
“There is quite a bit of movement in the region. Qatar — about a year ago — they introduced a data protection law. I have also heard recently that Bahrain has a draft law on the horizon, and for the UAE I think it really is just a matter of time.
Data protection is much more on peoples' radar than it used to be and at a legislative level it really is just a matter of time,” he said. “In order to be a credible economy I think these days you need to make sure you are in line with what other countries are doing in this space,” he said.
Dubai International Financial Center (DIFC) and the Abu Dhabi Global Markets (ADGM) already have their own data protection laws that govern the way personal data is processed.
Legislative roundup: Rec marijuana, crime
The New Mexican
Days remaining in session: 13
Recreational marijuana advances: Members of the Senate Rules Committee voted 4-3 Friday for a proposed constitutional amendment to legalize recreational marijuana.
That decision keeps the measure alive, but it has little chance of making the November ballot.
Even the amendment's sponsor, Sen. Jerry Ortiz y Pino, D-Albuquerque, has said his proposal lacks enough support to clear the full 112-member Legislature to qualify for a vote of the people.
Republican Sens. Mark Moores of Albuquerque and Cliff Pirtle of Roswell opposed the measure, Senate Joint Resolution 4. They said marijuana legalization does not belong in the state constitution.
Sen. Mary Kay Papen, D-Las Cruces, also voted against the proposal.
Four other Democrats supported it. They were Ortiz y Pino and Sens. Jeff Steinborn of Las Cruces and Linda Lopez and Daniel Ivey-Soto, both of Albuquerque.
The measure would permit possession and personal use of marijuana for people who are at least 21 years old.
All in on crime: If the debate about crime has been marked by intractable debates about sentencing, bail reform and the death penalty, there was at least one package of public safety legislation that managed to pass the state House of Representatives by a wide margin — 66-1.
The bipartisan bills double the penalty for violent felons caught with a firearm while also ensuring that a long list of petty, nonviolent offenses such as littering or coasting are not punishable by jail time.
The measures also expand access to behavioral health services for jail inmates. This is similar to an initiative in Michigan credited with cutting recidivism rates. The package provides bonuses for some police officers. And it stiffens requirements that DWI offenders must satisfy before having an ignition interlock device removed from their vehicle.
Forty-six years: Rep. Nick Salazar, in his 46th and final year in the House of Representatives, was honored Friday during a ceremony on American Indian Day.
“Being recognized on the House floor is something that I will always cherish,” said Salazar, D-Ohkay Owingeh, who is retiring from office.
Members from the pueblos of Tesuque and Ohkay Owingeh presented Salazar with a colorful blanket.
Salazar is the most senior state legislator. His retirement will mean that Sen. John Pinto, D-Gallup, with 42 years' service, will have the longest tenure of any sitting lawmaker.
Looking ahead: The House Consumer and Public Affairs Committee meets at 9 a.m. Saturday to consider a bill that would reinstate the death penalty for murders involving children and law enforcement or correctional officers. The committee will also consider a separate piece of legislation requiring that parents are notified at least 48 hours before a planned abortion is performed on a minor. The Senate Conservation Committee also meets at 9 a.m. on Senate Bill 47, which would allow Public Service Company of New Mexico to recover financial losses from closing the coal-burning San Juan Generating Station.
Quote of the day: “New Mexico is burning while we're playing our fiddles up here.” — Sen. Mark Moores, R-Albuquerque, on a memorial calling on the state Supreme Court to repeal rules implementing bail reform. Many Republicans and Democrats have argued that bail reform has led to a spike in crime. The Legislative Finance Committee has compiled data, however, indicating the rise in crime began years earlier.
The New Mexican website:
Follow legislative coverage at www.santafenewmexica­n.com/news/legislatur­e
Subscribe to our updates on Twitter at www.twitter.com/ then­ewmexican
Grimmy is leaving after six years, with Greg James taking over as Radio 1 Breakfast Show presenter in September
Nick Grimshaw is leaving the Radio 1 Breakfast Show after six years.
Advertisement
The radio host told listeners that he was “grateful” to live his dream for so long – but that this wasn't a “forever job” and it was “time for a change”. He'll hand over his microphone to Greg James, who will become the new host of the flagship BBC radio show in September.
Grimmy took over the Breakfast Show in 2012 from Chris Moyles and has become the show's second longest serving presenter.
“I have decided that it's time for a change,” he said on-air on the morning of Thursday 31st May. “It's going to be time for a new show, and more importantly, it's time for a new wake-up time. Preferably 11.30.”
Last year, Grimshaw's show recorded the lowest listening figures for a BBC Radio 1 breakfast show since RAJAR records began in 1992 as overall youth radio figures continued their decline.
The radio personality, who has also served as an X Factor judge, will stay as part of the “Radio 1 family” but is saying goodbye to his alarm clock.
“It was always my dream to do the breakfast show and I'm very grateful that I got to live my dream every day for what will be nearly 6 years. But 6 years is a long time and this isn't a forever job. I had the time of my life" We love you @grimmers ❤️ pic.twitter.com/yNKfywOp4S — BBC Radio 1 (@BBCR1) May 31, 2018
Greg James joined him in the studio, adding in a tweet: “I cannot wait to take over the most famous radio show in the world and it was so lovely to break the news on air with Grim that we are switching shows.
Advertisement
“He's had an amazing six years and I can't wait to get going in the autumn.”
From Fully Injected Motorsports:
FREMONT, Ohio (December 10, 2017) – The Ohio Sprint Car Series will not be terminated, but instead rejuvenated under new ownership.
Steven Pocock, a 23-year-old, Fremont, Ohio, native with motorsports experience as a driver and from an administrative standpoint, has acquired the Ohio Sprint Car Series from former promoter, Brad McCown, and will continue operations in 2018. Pocock, a webmaster by trade, is excited to take the reins from McCown, hoping to restore the Series to its original state.
“I want to thank Brad McCown of Atomic Speedway for allowing this deal to happen. He allowed me to take some of the burden off of his shoulders and continue what he started. The last thing he wanted to do was terminate the Ohio Sprint Car Series. I'm glad I was able to keep it from folding,” Pocock said, who also promotes Martinville Raceway; a karting facility in Attica, Ohio. “The plan is to start where Brad McCown left off; build a schedule as soon as possible and continue operations in 2018. We have a lot of work to do, but I'm more than excited to get started.”
Ohio Sprint Car Series officials promoted a 25-race slate during the 2017 season, visiting dirt ovals and showcasing 410 cubic inch sprint car competition in all four corners of the Buckeye State.
More news and information pertaining to the Ohio Sprint Car Series will be posted during the coming weeks. Fans, teams and racers are encouraged to stay tuned online via www.ohiosprintcars.net and on all of the available social media networks including Twitter and Facebook. Those interested in developing a marketing partnership with the Ohio Sprint Car Series should contact Steven Pocock directly via phone at (419)-765-0088, or via email at webxdesign14@gmail.com.
The French novelist Antoine de Saint-Exupéry once said, “What makes the desert beautiful is that somewhere it hides a well.” Nowhere is this statement more apt than in Oman. The...
Gov. Andrew Cuomo's much-heralded new program for free tuition at state colleges comes with a huge catch: You have to sign years of your life away to get it.
Under a provision that was added to the tuition bill at the last moment, students who get a free ride at CUNY and SUNY schools must live and work in New York state for up to four years after graduation, or be forced to pay the money back.
The amendment — which was not part of Cuomo's original offer of free college for middle-class students — was added at the insistence of Republicans in the state Senate.
see also State Senate passes $153.1B budget After nine excruciating days of wrangling, the Legislature finally passed...
The GOP members worried that taxpayer-educated students would take their valuable knowledge and flee to other parts of the US, particularly from remote upstate communities.
“New York spends $1 billion on college financial assistance. There is a brain-drain problem,” said Senate GOP spokesman Scott Reif.
“We have to get away from educating people and then having them move away. We want to create a climate for business and new jobs.”
Cuomo agreed with the change.
“Why should New Yorkers pay for your college education and then you pick up and you move to California?” Cuomo said during a call with state editorial writers.
“The concept of investing in you and your education is that you're going to stay here and be an asset to the state. If you don't want to stay here, then go to California now, let them pay for your college education.”
But one professor of higher education slammed the proposal as “economically and educationally foolish.”
“As someone who has worked on almost every free college bill, I promise@NYGovCuomo won't be remembered well if he keeps this provision,” Temple University Professor Sara Goldrick-Rab tweeted.
She noted that Tennessee offers free tuition at its community colleges “without this nonsense.”
Cuomo's Excelsior Scholarship provides free in-state tuition for students from families with adjusted gross incomes of $125,000 or less. It is the first program of its kind in the country to fully subsidize tuition at both four-year and community colleges.
Students must maintain a minimum grade-point average to qualify.
Cuomo is expected to tout the program at a bill-signing ceremony Wednesday at La Guardia Community College in Queens.
Lawmakers also approved a new tuition assistance program for students at private colleges that offers up to $3,000 in tuition grants. That assistance, too, comes with a requirement that a student remain in New York after graduation.
Students who receive free tuition and then leave the state for an advanced degree won't have to pay the money back, assuming they return to New York once they complete their graduate studies. State officials also plan to make accommodations for graduates who leave the state for military service.
With wires
It can be hard getting through to today's kids on topics like safety and crime — but one teenager has done her bit to pass these crucial messages on to her peers.
Jade Heron joined the Police Scotland Youth Volunteers four years ago and has come to the fore as one of their key players. The 17-year-old now helps to deliver messages on key topics like knife crime to kids her own age in schools across Dundee.
Jade said: “I was so happy I cried. I can't believe I've won. I'm speechless. I've come on so much. I had no self confidence before, but I do now.”
The Fyodor Zolotukhin is an upgraded Il-38N maritime patrol and anti-submarine aircraft Marina Lystseva / TASS via Getty Images
In a separate incident, two other Russian Su-24s came within 300 yards of the ship. They were not armed.
In addition, an IL-38 flew at unusually low altitude.
Two defense officials said that the Navy tried to contact the Russian aircraft by radio but there was no response. The U.S. vessel did not take any evasive action.
Cap. Danny Hernandez, the spokesman for U.S. European Command, called Friday's incidents “unsafe and unprofessional” due to the speed and distance of the aircraft from the ship.
All four Russian planes were flying without their transponders on, the U.S. officials said. Transponders help identify an aircraft, and American officials say flying with the transponders off increased the risk of an accident or miscalculation.
American officials said the USS Porter was conducting routine operations in international waters.
Su-24M frontline bombers fly over Moscow on Sept. 5, 2016. Sputnik via AP
BOSTON (AP) — A juvenile court judge finds himself at the center of a legal quagmire in a case that provides a disturbing look at teen depression and suicide.
Judge Lawrence Moniz is deliberating the fate of Michelle Carter. The Massachusetts woman is charged with involuntary manslaughter in the 2014 suicide of her boyfriend, Carter Roy III.
Prosecutors allege that Carter caused Roy's death by relentlessly badgering him with text messages urging him to kill himself.
Carter's lawyers say Roy had made up his mind to take his own life and Carter did not cause his death.
The case is being closely watched in the legal community. If the judge convicts Carter of manslaughter, it could set a legal precedent in Massachusetts. The state does not have a law against encouraging someone to kill themselves.
Anyone who gets to see the total solar eclipse on August 21 will be lucky — and humanity is lucky to live on a planet that even has this kind of celestial event.
Mercury and Venus, after all, don't even have moons. Mars has a couple, but they're too small to completely blot out the sun. Gas giants like Jupiter do have big moons, but they don't have solid surfaces where you could stand and enjoy an eclipse.
And, even with solid land and a moon, Earth only gets its gorgeous total solar eclipses because of a cosmic coincidence.
"They appear to be the same size because of their distance away from us," explains Amber Porter, an astronomer at Clemson University, which is in the path of the upcoming eclipse. The diameter of Earth's moon is about 400 times smaller than the diameter of the sun, but "even though the moon is about 400 times smaller than the sun, it's about 400 times closer to us here on Earth, which is how that perfect kind of magic happens."
Because of this quirk, the tiny moon can obscure the entire face of the sun and reveal its eerie corona, at least right now. In the past, Earth's eclipses did not look like this.
"The size of the sun hasn't really changed over the age of Earth, but the moon has been moving away from Earth over eons. So in the past it looked bigger," says Matija Cuk, a planetary scientist at the SETI Institute.
The moon is still moving away from Earth, he says. Every year, it shifts outward about an inch-and-half.
"So actually for billions of years you can have a total eclipse, but this very evenly matched eclipse, where it is barely total, that happens for a relatively short amount of time," says Cuk.
In only about 600 million years, the moon will look small enough that it no longer completely covers the sun, and whoever is left on Earth won't see any more total solar eclipses. So, get them while you can.
The Neon bus and Neon Remix are the district's mobile café's for its summer food program. The decommissioned buses were refurbished and fitted with a serving area and six tables with the ability to seat 24 people.
During the school year, the original Neon bus was converted into a mobile classroom, so teachers could use it to get out of the building occasionally.
The Neon Remix will perform the same role as the Neon bus and allow the school system to give out more meals in the summer.
“We had 7,350 meals served [last summer],” said Ballard. “This year, we have Remix, and we're going to be going to different sites. We're going to have 17 total sites, nine of them are feeding sites, and eight of them are drop sites. We're going to spend about an hour at Don Fox Park, so anybody can come to Don Fox Park and eat with us.”
The summer food program will be at Coles Ferry Elementary School's cafeteria from 7:45-8:30 a.m. and 11 a.m. until noon until June 29.
The program will also be at the Tater Peeler Road site from 11:45 a.m. until noon; Inman Court from 10:45-11:10 a.m.; Weatherly Estates from 11:45 a.m. until 12:15 p.m.; Peyton Road Apartments from 10:45-11 a.m.; Kent Drive and Hobbs Avenue from 12:15-12:35 p.m.; Upton Heights from 11:20 a.m. until noon; Springhill Townhomes from 11:15-11:30 a.m.; Greentree Apartments from 12:50-1:10 p.m. and Don Fox Community Park from 12:15-1:30 p.m. until July 20.
When you're the star who owns a 31,000-square-foot mansion with a full-length basketball court, helicopter landing pad and 24 60-inch flat screens, income equality is inherently difficult to broach.
Even trickier is making a staunch argument that your brethren are underpaid, and the NASCAR industry needs revenue redistribution.
Denny Hamlin might not be the ideal guy to make the case, but he is the right guy to put forth a complex and divisive topic that at least is worthy of attention and conversation.
A little more than three years ago, the Joe Gibbs Racing driver gathered his peers in the parking lot of the NASCAR R&D center, handed out notecards with talking points to ensure consistent messaging and went inside to meet with Mike Helton and other NASCAR executives.
That was the genesis of the Drivers Council, which is in its third year of tackling major issues in Cup through regular audiences with the sanctioning body.
“It's because I'm passionate about it,” Hamlin explained during a February episode of the NASCAR on NBC podcast. “Gibbs says the same thing every time we come around to contract negotiations: You're very passionate about something and stick to your guns.
“I just feel like when I'm passionate about something, first I want to make sure it's right. I don't want to just say, ‘This is my idea, and it's right because it's my idea.' I want to get feedback from other drivers on that to make sure it's the right idea. I'm passionate about it, and I feel I have a way to communicate that to NASCAR without pissing them off at times.”
Not always, of course.
Hamlin's comments Wednesday morning weren't received well in some powerful corners of the Cup Series (on Thursday, NASCAR senior vice president Steve O'Donnell said Hamlin “might need to speak to some of the other stakeholders and maybe get a little bit better education”) and assuredly led to some form of him being read the riot act by someone with a board-level title. And it isn't the first time he has been willing to enter the crosshairs for what he believes in, either.
This is the same driver who once steadfastly refused to pay a fine in March 2013 for a rather innocuous review of the Gen 6 car that was deemed “detrimental to stock-car racing.” A deal eventually was brokered in which he paid, but NASCAR took the major PR hit because Hamlin stood his ground.
A few years before that, it was an unannounced $50,000 fine for an offhand remark about debris cautions on Twitter. NASCAR discontinued its secret fine system a year later.
The son of a trailer-hitch business owner from the Richmond, Va., area, has his detractors for living lavishly (he hasn't been shy about showcasing his Lake Norman abode), but there can be no questioning Hamlin's willingness to go to the mat for that which he believes.
And the even-keeled manner Wednesday in which he addressed the economics for drivers and teams was indicative of the fact that he clearly has deliberated on this for a long time before landing on a position that was controversial for many — notably fans who are tired of hearing about athletes commanding nine- to 10-figure annual salaries and demanding more.
The question of whether pro sports stars are worthy of such disproportionate compensation is a separate argument for another day, but it's indisputable that NBA and NFL players have among the best labor deals in pro sports – receiving roughly 50% of their leagues' primary revenue streams.
It also is beyond debate that if there is a driver qualified to weigh in on that, it's Hamlin – regardless of his opulent lifestyle (whether it's fair to judge how he or anyone chooses to spend their money is yet another question).
In the absence of Jeff Gordon, Tony Stewart and now the impending retirement of Dale Earnhardt Jr., there are fewer drivers than any point in recent memory willing to embrace the scrutiny that accompanies speaking out on a major issue, particularly in a league that is beholden in many ways to image-conscious corporate sponsors.
Hamlin and Brad Keselowski are those who most consistently voice objections when they feel strongly about a topic, and in Wednesday's case, it's an issue that should concern everyone – the long-term viability of race teams that make the weekly show possible.
After being asked about whether the 2018 rules would help reduce costs for teams, Hamlin confirmed it would to a degree (via “stacking pennies,” as it's known in NASCAR vernacular). But he also leaped to a larger solution: Finding a way teams no longer would be so reliant on corporate sponsorship, which is becoming scarcer each season (for some reasons beyond NASCAR's control).
“The pie has to be shifted,” he said, implying that race teams, which currently receive a quarter of the largest guaranteed revenue stream, should be given more.
This is where things get complicated in an unavoidable mess of optics.
If you're having an honest discussion about making team financials work, it's natural to ask whether it should start with jettisoning driver salaries that can be a massive seven- or eight-figure line item. Hamlin was asked just that Wednesday, and he candidly responded that drivers are underpaid, particularly those on the back half of the grid.
This understandably is a hard sell to a fan base that is middle class and traditionally blue collar. No one wants to hear that drivers who make millions aren't getting their due. From a philosophical standpoint, no professional athlete is underpaid.
But in the real world, it's fact that NASCAR drivers don't stack up with their counterparts – even though they are face greater occupational hazards (yes, the riskiest jobs often don't draw the largest salaries – this is comparative analysis, not an exacting thesis on the shortcomings of capitalism).
NFL and NBA players earn a greater percentage of league income through their labor contracts (again, it's a separate discussion why stock-car racing doesn't have them, and drivers are in a weaker position partly of their own making). NASCAR driver salaries are closely guarded secrets, but it's reasonable to presume it's nowhere near 50% of guaranteed revenue.
When Hamlin lobbies for driver earnings to be commensurate with other leagues, he isn't suggesting he deserves the $40 million annual deals that many NBA stars are getting (though he and other NASCAR stars probably should get a similarly proportionate shake, the NBA's current popularity makes it more flush with cash).
Hamlin isn't so tone-deaf to demand his lakeside estate could use a few technological add-ons and a new parquet court.
But he is arguing the disparity from the top to bottom of the grid needs to be fixed. There are benchwarmers in the NBA who are earning more annually than all but a handful of NASCAR stars. The last quarter of a NASCAR field isn't anywhere close to that stratosphere.
How does that get addressed?
Well, making the teams more self-sufficient – the starting point Wednesday for Hamlin – would help. Should that help come from racetracks owned by publicly traded companies that are receiving a lion's share of revenue (again, another way in which NASCAR understandably is different from other pro sports leagues)?
These aren't easy topics for the NASCAR industry to ponder, but they get addressed only after starting a dialogue.
And as usual, Hamlin was the one willing to go there.
While you're screaming about his lofty standards of living, it's worth remembering he partly enjoys them because of his willingness to fight.
XXX
As the oldest driver at Hendrick Motorsports by more than 17 years, the comforting interaction of Jimmie Johnson, 42, with Chase Elliott, 21, after Sunday's race at Dover could be a preview of an expanding role for the seven-time series champion as mentor in 2018. Alex Bowman, 24, and William Byron, 19, will race Cup for Hendrick next year.
“I'm here for those guys,” Johnson said Thursday night during Hendrick's splashy car and driver unveiling for next season. “I honestly walked over to Chase, and I didn't know what to say. He didn't really know what to say, either. But it was ‘Hey buddy, I'm here, if you want to scream, yell, punch something, kick something, anything you need, I'm here.' He's like, ‘I don't even know what to say.' I said, ‘That's fine, just know when or if or whatever it might be, I'm here.' I've had guys here for me, I just want to be that person for my teammates as well.”
When Johnson joined Hendrick in 2002, he spent his early years just watching Jeff Gordon and said he can sense Byron (who grew up in the same neighborhood where Johnson lives) doing the same.
“It can be as simple as just being around and seeing how people carry themselves to actually sitting down and working through a given topic,” he said. “I am aware that (Byron) is paying attention and Alex is, and I need to lead by example on a lot of fronts. But at same time, we might have to sit down and talk through some things, too.”
It's a little new for Johnson, who only last year shifted into more of a leadership role in becoming Hendrick's driving dean with the retirement of Gordon.
“The majority of my career has been the up and coming, the young gun, all these titles in front of my name,” Johnson said. “Then veteran appeared, and now it's like senior citizen. It definitely is different, but I'm young at heart, so I'll fit in well, and I know all three of these guys so well, and excited to have that youth in our program.”
XXX
Alex Bowman also is the guest on the latest NASCAR on NBC podcast, discussing his road to the No.88 Chevrolet, the advice he's gotten from Dale Earnhardt Jr. (and the social media tips he has offered him) and the harrowing Midget crash that once left him in intensive care for several days.
You can listen to the podcast by clicking on the AudioBoom embed below or download and subscribe to the podcast on Apple Podcasts by clicking here.
It also is available on Stitcher by clicking here and also can be found on Google Play, Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts.
The free subscriptions will provide automatic downloads of new episodes to your smartphone.
XXX
There have been industry meetings galore in Charlotte this week with Sunday's quasi-home game at Charlotte Motor Speedway bringing virtually all of the industry power brokers to NASCAR's hub.
With the 2018 rules distributed to teams Tuesday, NASCAR met Thursday afternoon with Goodyear about next season to lock down the competitive landscape for 2018. After that's done, O'Donnell said meetings will begin in earnest on mapping out the Gen 7 car that is expected to be phased in within the next few years.
XXX
A documentary about Danica Patrick directed by longtime ESPN anchor Hannah Storm is expected to make its debut next month, and a trailer that briefly appeared online last week hinted that it will be quite revelatory.
In a preview that ran a couple of minutes, the Epix production alluded to Patrick's fiery outbursts, her desire to start a family and her diminishing tolerance for questions about her career and motives. There also were snippets of an interview with Bobby Rahal, her former car owner in IndyCar, who predicted Patrick would have won the Indianapolis 500 by now if she hadn't transitioned to NASCAR but added that she increased her earnings power by racing stock cars.
Patrick has tweeted the movie's release is scheduled for Nov. 8.
Can't wait for you all to see the @epixhd documentary that @HannahStormESPN directed. I have… https://t.co/objFgYwAUw — Danica Patrick (@DanicaPatrick) July 25, 2017
XXX
Ryan Blaney did two things after his Xfinity win at Dover International Speedway that were trend-worthy, but only one drew much attention. While admirably giving the checkered flag to a young fan deserved the raft of attention it received, the Team Penske driver's decision to skip a postrace victory burnout also should be hailed as an example for others to consider.
“It's not really my thing,” said Blaney, who also skipped burnouts after an Xfinity win at Charlotte in May and his first Cup win at Pocono Raceway in June. “I used to do them and just not a fan of them anymore, especially when people destroy their race cars. That raises a lot of questions.
“I just don't think that it's really that nice to do. That's just something personal that I don't think a big smoky burnout (does). You can just go down there and give a big wave to the fans, and they get pretty pumped up about that as a big, smoky burnout and all that. Just personal preference.”
It's a preference we wouldn't mind seeing the rest of his generation adopt, particularly with the recent questions about a celebration that really does nothing more than amplify exuberance with mind-numbing destruction. There are classier ways to carry the checkered flag, as Blaney showed.
NEW YORK — A novel interactive at New York Comic Con (NYCC) allows visitors to sample the pulse-pounding adventures of a fictional CIA agent firsthand.
In "Echo Escape," presented by Amazon, a group of players works together against a ticking clock, piecing together clues that will open the doors and release them from a series of locked rooms. But there's an unexpected twist to this unusual challenge.
Like other escape rooms, this entertainment experience places participants in seemingly locked spaces, where they must solve puzzles that guide them to freedom. But this is the first such experience to incorporate voice-activated technology, Amazon representatives told Live Science. "Echo Escape" harnesses Amazon's Echo devices and the company's Alexa virtual assistant to help players find what they need in order to outwit enemy agents and escape each room before time runs out. [11 Odd and Intriguing Smart Home Technologies]
"We wanted to show people the fun experiences that you can have used your voice — and an escape room seemed like a really unique way to do that," Amazon spokesperson Dawn Brun told Live Science at New York Comic Con (NYCC).
In homes, Echo devices and Alexa can perform a number of "smart" tasks, allowing users to remotely control lights, temperature settings and individual appliances via voice commands. Alexa can also search for information on the internet, play music, and perform tasks such as setting alarms and notifications and updating calendars. Amazon designed "Echo Escape" to incorporate ways that people can interact with Alexa, weaving those functions into a narrative that mirrors the world of the new Amazon original series "Tom Clancy's Jack Ryan," coming out in 2018.
The series' title character, a CIA agent played by actor John Krasinski, was created by author Tom Clancy and was introduced in the 1984 political thriller "The Hunt for Red October." Ryan has since appeared in five films, played by Alec Baldwin, Harrison Ford, Ben Affleck and Chris Pine.
In "Echo Escape," players use the Echo device to interact with voice recordings from Ryan and with video calls from another agent, known only as "Foxtrot." Two types of Echo smart-home tech appear throughout the NYCC escape room: Echo Show, which includes a touch screen, and Echo Plus, a new device that incorporates a hub to connect multiple appliances. It's commercially available on Oct. 31.
Helpful CIA operative "Foxtrot" shows team members what they need to find in order to complete the mission. Credit: M. Weisberger/Live Science
The mission, which takes about 20 minutes to complete, begins when a team of up to six players fitted with wireless microphones enters a small room resembling a metal vault. To open the locked door, and the doors of subsequent rooms, participants follow instructions from Ryan and interact with Foxtrot to find the objects that will advance them to the next level. The group can also request help along the way from Alexa, for instance, by remotely controlling the room's lighting or other elements.
"An escape room lends itself really well to 'Jack Ryan,'" Brun told Live Science. "And [a voice-enabled escape room] hasn't been done before, so we thought it would be a fun experiment to try."
"Echo Escape" is at the Jacob K. Javits Convention Center during New York Comic Con (Oct. 5 to Oct. 8) and is open to all badge-holders.
Original article on Live Science.
Will low-nicotine cigarettes actually help smokers quit? Last week, the FDA announced an initiative to lower nicotine in cigarettes to “minimally or non-addictive levels,” in an effort to keep new smokers from getting hooked and wean current...
Trump doubles down on call for death penalty for drug dealers President Trump on Monday railed against drug dealers responsible for the deadly opioid epidemic that has devastated the United States — vowing “tough action,” including the death penalty for some...
E-cigarettes breed more smokers than quitters Vaping has led more people to start smoking real cigarettes than to stop, according to a study. A lung-busting 168,000 American young adults who had never smoked took up the...
Demi Lovato celebrates sobriety on tour Lovato performed Friday night at the Barclays Center in Brooklyn, telling the audience that March 15 was a proud day for her.
FDA plans to make cigarettes less addictive The Food and Drug Administration plans to lower the amount of nicotine in cigarettes to make them less addictive — a “pivotal step” toward saving lives, the agency said. FDA...
Trump's pick for economic adviser opened up about addiction recovery The CNBC host has been sober for 23 years after losing his job as chief economist at Bear Stearns, and nearly losing his life.
How to cure your social media addiction Is social media the greatest invention of the 21st century — or the newest way we're putting ourselves and our families in danger? While the digital future promises connection that...
Weed is helping me quit opioids At age 49, after being 20 years clean from a methamphetamine addiction, Dawn Lindsey was hopelessly hooked again. Now, though, she blamed a doctor for her new habit: dependencies on...
Trump publicly praises death sentences for drug dealers WASHINGTON – President Trump said Thursday he wants tougher penalties for drug dealers and praised countries that punish pushers with the “ultimate” death penalty. “Some countries have a very, very...
Image copyright AlexRaths/Getty Images Image caption A best-practice guide for GP surgeries
There is still a long way to go before deaf patients get the increased accessibility to NHS Wales that they were promised, a charity has warned.
There has been some progress since standards were introduced in 2014.
But Action on Hearing Loss said people who are deaf or have hearing loss are still being forced to use the phone or go to their GP surgery in person.
The Welsh Government said it recognised there was "more to be done to address the remaining barriers".
The charity, formerly known as the RNID, had responses from more than 300 people to a survey.
GP surgeries and deaf people Action on Hearing Loss Cymru survey 54% still leave surgery unclear about diagnosis or how to take medication
38% said doctors or nurses did not speak clearly or spoke too quickly
29% ask other person to call GP on their behalf
36% travel to surgery to book appointment as they cannot use phone Getty Images
Findings include:
More than a third visit their GP surgery in person to book appointments but only 17% said they prefer to book in this way
More than a quarter ask a family member, friend or support worker to call their GP surgery on their behalf
Around a quarter experienced difficulties booking urgent same-day appointments or getting urgent medical advice when their surgery was closed
More than half said doctors or nurses did not check they had understood what had been said
More than a third said doctors or nurses did not speak clearly or spoke too quickly
The charity said progress includes the introduction of technology to all GP surgeries in Wales to record the communication needs of patients with sensory loss.
But it makes recommendations, including tips on communication and training.
More than 575,500 people are deaf or have hearing loss in Wales.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Fosia Ibrahim talks about access problems for deaf people when her teenage son was rushed to hospital.
Fosia Ibrahim, from Barry, whose partner is also deaf, said she has not seen any improvements and said she still cannot email or text the doctor.
"I have to book appointments, way in advance. In an emergency it's really difficult," she said.
"Sometimes I ask an interpreter, please can you phone them to book an appointment because I can't use the phone. I don't want to rely on my children to do that, I want them to be independent."
Rebecca Woolley, director of Action on Hearing Loss in Wales said: "I understand and appreciate it is complex.
"There probably is a financial implication here in that rolling out training to frontline services in Wales is costly in certain ways. But I think that there is a huge amount that could be done that is cost-neutral to the NHS and that can be done quickly. That would make a huge impact for people when receiving care."
You might be interested in these stories too:
Dr Charlotte Jones, of BMA Cymru, welcomed the report and said it sounded like there was "still room for significant improvements" and more awareness-raising.
She added: "We know that with all consultations, patients don't take away everything that we say - this isn't peculiar just to those with hearing loss but we accept that it's probably worse for those patients to understand and take on board the information if it's not given to them in the correct way."
A Welsh Government spokeswoman added: "Effectively capturing the communication needs of patients with sensory loss is key, which is why in November we strengthened the standards by making it a requirement for all GP surgeries to identify and record the information and communication needs of patients with sensory loss.
"We will also continue to monitor health board performance plans and work with the Centre for Equality and Human rights to ensure these standards are being applied."
NEED TO CATCH UP? TheJournal.ie brings you a round-up of today's news.
IRELAND
Lugnaquilla, Co Wicklow, at sunset today Source: Eamonn Farrell/Rollingnews.ie
WORLD
Ant McPartlin Source: John Phillips/Getty
#MISSISSIPPI: A teenage girl was shot dead by her nine-year-old brother in an argument over a video game controller.
#ANT MCPARTLIN: The TV personality has stepped aside from his presenting duties following his arrest for drink-driving.
PARTING SHOT
It's the end of a bank holiday weekend. One in which Ireland won a Grand Slam. So it's safe to say there may be a lot of sore heads about the place this evening. And a lot of Fear. So this won't help – here are seven sounds guaranteed to scare the life out of an Irish person at the best of times, let alone now. And this is the worst of the lot:
LOS ANGELES — A California substance-abuse counselor who hit a man with her car and drove two miles with his body embedded in her windshield was sentenced Thursday to 25 years to life in prison.
Sherri Lynn Wilkins had pleaded no contest to second-degree murder and two drunken driving counts.
Wilkins, 55, had been found guilty at a 2014 trial on similar charges but an appeals court last year threw out the conviction because her entire criminal history had been admitted at trial and could have prejudiced the jury.
She had received the stiffer sentence of 55 years to life before her appeal.
Prosecutors then refiled charges and Wilkins pleaded no contest.
In 2012, Wilkins was a substance-abuse counselor and was driving home through Torrance when she hit and killed 31-year-old Phillip Moreno.
She drove more than two miles with his half-naked body embedded in the windshield and his upper body face down on the hood before other drivers confronted her at a stoplight, according to court records.
Wilkins told them that Moreno seemed to jump in front of the car. He died at a hospital.
Wilkins drank three shots of vodka and a beer in her car before driving, but the defense argued there hadn't been enough time for her blood-alcohol level to exceed the legal limit of .08.
Investigators said Wilkins' blood-alcohol level was about twice that limit 1½ hours after the crash.
Summer vacation offers parents and students alike the opportunity to focus on what may be their most dreaded subject: paying for college.
Unfortunately, many of them will deserve an A for effort, but a middling C for execution. That's because many families continue to commit unforced errors in their efforts to save and pay for the hefty tuition bills that typically await. It's no disgrace, since few people have all the nuances covered. But experts say that some of the biggest blunders being made can be easily fixed.
Among the traps people fall into: obsessing about Ivy League schools; thinking it isn't worth it to even apply for aid or scholarships; and not considering “529” college-savings plans—investment accounts that offer big tax advantages when the profits are used to pay for higher education. Only about one-third of parents are even aware of 529s, according to the latest annual survey, released in May, by St. Louis brokerage firm Edward Jones.
Here are some of the main mistakes that families make, and how to fix them.
1. Not applying for aid
Just 1 in 8 students at private, nonprofit colleges pay full freight for school. Yet many upper-income and even middle-class families don't apply for aid or fill out the Free Application for Federal Student Aid, or Fafsa. Many figure that they won't be approved, or that it will prejudice the admissions decision makers against their student.
With 4,000 colleges in the U.S., it is also a mistake to fall in love with one school too early in the process.
“They just assume they're not going to qualify for any need-based financial aid,” says Anne Sturtevant, executive director of higher education at the College Board.
But many factors can improve the chances that a family will get aid, including the cost of the school, how many children in the family are in college and any special circumstances.
“There's a tendency among middle-income families for the parents to overestimate eligibility for merit aid and underestimate eligibility for need-based aid,” says Mark Kantrowitz, publisher and vice president of strategy at the scholarship site Cappex.com. Merit aid is typically for overqualified students whom the college wants to attract, while need-based aid is about the family's financial situation, not the student's own résumé.
It's also a mistake not to apply for financial aid before freshman year.
Some families delay applications for aid to subsequent years, to minimize the possibility that a request for aid could hurt their student's chance of being admitted. But colleges don't like it when families try to game the system, so they typically restrict new applications for aid to students whose financial circumstances have changed, Kantrowitz says.
Don't miss: Get your kids to play these sports to boost their chance at a college scholarship
Some parents may not want to apply for financial aid, fearing it could affect their child's admission chances. In some cases that's true, and parents should first check to see if the school considers applicants' financial situations in its admission process. Parents should be aware, though, that for at least some of these schools, it will affect only how much aid they receive—not whether their child gets in or not.
2. Not looking into a 529
The stats are glum. Yes, more than $275 billion was stuffed into these tax-advantaged higher-education investment accounts at the end of 2016, according to the Investment Company Institute. But according to the Edward Jones survey, just 32% of Americans are aware of 529s, and, when asked how they have paid or how they plan to pay for college, only 14% cited a 529.
That is misguided, says Kantrowitz, who argues that 529s are the best tool available to save for college.
A 529 account allows you to invest after-tax money for the benefit of your child (or another designated recipient). The money is invested in mutual funds, and no federal tax is owed on withdrawals as long as they are used to paying for qualified higher-education expenses.
If your child wins a scholarship or goes to a military service academy, you can withdraw the equivalent amount from the account without penalty (you'll have to pay income taxes on the portion that represents your gains, but not on your contributions). If plans change, you can retitle the account, pointing it to any direct relative of the original beneficiary—another sibling, or cousin, for instance. The plans come with state-tax benefits in some states as well.
There's little downside: If you take the money out for a nonqualified reason, you just have to pay income tax on the gains and a 10% penalty.
But parents shouldn't count on their financial adviser to set them up with a plan, says Kent McDill, a researcher at Spectrem Group, which analyzes the behavior of wealthy investors. A Spectrem survey found that only 16% of investors with more than $100,000 in nonresidential assets held a 529 account.
Also read: This controversial way to finance college may be getting more popular
“Advisers don't promote the plan because there's no benefit to them,” McDill says. That is because advisers don't get paid extra to push their clients into 529s, unless they happen to work for a firm that offers a 529 program, he says.
Even small contributions to a 529 will still help. Parents should aim to save at least one-third of their student's expected college costs. Because these expenses typically go up by a factor of three over 17 years, their savings goal should be the cost of a college education in the year the baby was born, Kantrowitz says.
If parents can't afford to pay for college all at once — and few can — their best strategy is to pay for some with college savings (in a 529, ideally), some with current income, and borrow the rest. And take advantage of tuition installment plans, which allow payments over the course of the school year for a nominal fee.
3. Not budgeting for true costs
Families have plans for how they're going to pay for college. But they rarely have backup plans, says Sara Goldrick-Rab, a professor of policy, organizational and leadership studies at Temple University in Philadelphia who studies higher-education funding.
For instance, what happens if a parent doesn't qualify for a Parent Plus loan, which requires a credit check? Or if parents establish a financial plan that assumes their student will work 20 hours a week, but the student can't find a job for as many hours? What if the student plans to take 15 credits and graduate early, but the work is too hard, so she ends up dropping a class and doing poorly in another, landing her in academic probation and imperiling her financial aid? What if her roommate doesn't work out and she needs to move into another housing situation in the middle of the semester? How about if the parents make more money this year than last, and their student loses some of her aid as a result?
It's important to have a family conversation about how much parents can afford to pay for college, before deciding where the student will enroll, Goldrick-Rab says.
Another common mistake is not factoring in accurate costs for housing and food, which can exceed a student's budget by thousands of dollars a year, she says. As a result, parents should research the actual cost of living in the college's local area, and not just rely on the figures the college gives out.
4. Misfiring on scholarships
Scholarships are the best way to attend school courtesy of someone else's money, although earning outside scholarships will likely reduce any aid you received from the college by the same amount. Many students don't approach the scholarship process in the best way, Sturtevant says.
Students have a higher likelihood of qualifying for scholarships in their local area, so they should start in the college counselor's office by looking through records of scholarships earlier graduates have won, she says. Ideally, their goal should be to obtain more in scholarship money than the school offers them in either grants or loans.
“Look at sources you're likely to qualify for, renewable over four years or a big dollar amount, so when you're spending all that effort you'll get the biggest bang for your buck,” she says.
Just 0.2% of students receive $25,000 or more in scholarships for one year, so a free ride is exceedingly rare, Kantrowitz says. The best bet is to cobble together many small scholarships. Students should try one of the free scholarship-matching services online; they should never pay a fee for this information. They should enter as much biographical detail as possible. This will allow them to apply for scholarships aimed at niches like students whose siblings have had cancer or whose ancestors came from a specific country.
Most people skip over scholarships that award less than $1,000 as well as essay contests, so these are untapped resources.
5. Obsessing about elite schools
Think the Ivy League is the only college pedigree that matters? Just 2.7% of undergraduate applications in 2015 went to the eight universities that belong to this club, Kantrowitz says—and that is applications, not individuals, many of whom applied to multiple Ivy schools. Most American college students are at public institutions where admissions are moderately selective, not cutthroat. So while an elite education definitely can pay dividends, families should focus on aligning what they can spend with their student's needs, wishes and academic performance.
“Students will do better if they go to a college they can afford that is a match for them academically—where they will be challenged but not overwhelmed,” Sturtevant says.
With 4,000 colleges in the U.S., it is also a mistake to fall in love with one school too early in the process.
You can't know what school is best for you after visiting a single campus, says Goldrick-Rab. Students often get hung up on a particular school without knowing their full range of options, she says, and parents struggle to afford it although the student could easily have been happy at a different campus.
Research shows the more a college charges, the more people apply, says Goldrick-Rab: “Just because it is expensive doesn't mean it is good.”
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Abortions don't cause depression, although women who have depression and anxiety may be more likely to have abortions, researchers reported Wednesday.
The study, reported in the Journal of the American Medical Association's JAMA Psychiatry, is the latest to show no evidence that abortion causes depression. Policies that cite damage to mental health as a reason to restrict access to abortion are not based in fact, the researchers said.
“The repercussions of abortion for mental health have been used to justify state policies that limit access to abortion in the United States,” the team, led by Dr. Julia Steinberg of the Department of Family Science at the University of Maryland, wrote.
It's a difficult thing to study, as no researchers could ethically randomly assign pregnant women to either have an abortion or not have one. The next best thing is to study a large group of women, some of whom became pregnant and some not, and some who had abortions and others who did not.
They used Denmark's large national database covering nearly 400,000 women born after 1980.
Steinberg's team compared women who filled prescriptions for antidepressants to women who did not. The Danish database also carries details of abortions — something that may less accurately show up in U.S. data, where abortions may or may not be recorded.
“Compared with women who did not have an abortion, those who had an abortion had a higher rate of antidepressant use,” the researchers wrote. “A close look at the data, however, suggests that the higher rates of antidepressant use had less to do with having an abortion than with other risk factors for depression among women who had an abortion.”
“That is, the increased risk of depression did not change from the year before to the year after an abortion. And contrary to previous claims that abortion has long-term adverse effects, the risk of depression decreased as more time elapsed after the abortion,” they added.
Women who had babies had an initially lower rate of antidepressant use — perhaps because of a reluctance to take any medications while breastfeeding and caring for a newborn. But then rates of antidepressant use went up more among women who had children than among those who did not.
Washington state on Thursday sued Purdue Pharma LP, the maker of OxyContin, becoming the latest state or local government to seek to hold a pharmaceutical company accountable in court for a national opioid addiction epidemic.
The city of Seattle also filed a separate lawsuit against Purdue as well as units of Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd , Johnson & Johnson, Endo International Plc and Allergan Plc.
The lawsuit by Washington Attorney General Bob Ferguson accused Purdue of deceptive marketing of OxyContin and of convincing doctors and the public that its drugs had a low risk of addiction and were effective for treating chronic pain.
Bottles of OxyContin medication sit on a pharmacy shelf. Bloomberg via Getty Images
He said he would seek to force Purdue to pay a "significant" sum for engaging in marketing practices that downplayed the addictiveness of its drugs, allowing it to earn billions of dollars while fueling the opioid crisis.
"I don't know how executives at Purdue sleep at night," Ferguson told reporters.
Purdue, based in Stamford, Connecticut, said in a statement that it was "deeply troubled" by the opioid crisis and that its U.S. Food and Drug Administration-approved products account for just 2 percent of all opioid prescriptions.
Related: CVS to Limit Opioid Prescriptions to 7-Day Supply
"We vigorously deny these allegations and look forward to the opportunity to present our defense," Purdue said.
According to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, opioids were involved in over 33,000 deaths in 2015, the latest year for which data is available. The death rate has continued rising, according to estimates.
The lawsuits followed a wave of lawsuits against opioid manufacturers and distributors by Louisiana, West Virginia, New Mexico, Oklahoma, Mississippi, Ohio, Missouri, New Hampshire and South Carolina, as well as several cities and counties.
Related: One in Three Americans Took Prescription Opioid Painkillers in 2015, Survey Says
Purdue and three executives pleaded guilty in 2007 to federal charges related to the misbranding of OxyContin, and agreed to pay $634.5 million to resolve a Justice Department probe.
That year, the privately held company also reached a $19.5 million settlement with 26 states and the District of Columbia. It had agreed in 2015 to pay $24 million to resolve a lawsuit by Kentucky.
In filing his lawsuit in King County Superior Court in Seattle on Thursday, Ferguson said he was breaking off from an ongoing multistate probe by various attorneys general into companies that manufacture and distribute opioids.
While Ferguson said he looked forward to seeing its results, "we felt we had a case ready to go."
(Reporting by Nate Raymond in Boston; Editing by Susan Thomas and Tom Brown)
A fighter of the Hashed al-Shaabi (Popular Mobilisation) paramilitaries prays on the road next to an infantry-fighting vehicle during the advance towards villages between the northern Iraqi cities of Hawija and Kirkuk on October 6, 2017, after the Iraqi forces retook Hawija from Islamic State group fighters a day before. AHMAD AL-RUBAYE GETTY
[Deal Alert] Huawei Watch 2 is $179 ($120 off) and Watch 2 Classic is $219 ($148 off) at Best Buy
Video
People may have been confused about Plaid Cymru's stance on opposing Welsh Labour, Plaid leader Leanne Wood has said.
She spoke as Plaid announced it was walking away from a co-operation deal with the governing party, known as the compact.
A two-year budget deal, that will allow Labour's spending plans to clear the assembly, remains in place.
Image copyright PA
Nick Grimshaw is stepping down from the Radio 1 Breakfast Show - and will be replaced by Greg James.
The presenter is ending his nearly six-year stint on the show and will move to Greg's 4-7pm slot on the station.
Grimmy said he's had the "time of his life" but has decided it's "time for a change and a new show".
Greg added: "It really doesn't get any bigger than this and I really want to build on the great work Grimmy has done."
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Greg James is taking over the Radio 1 Breakfast Show
The news was announced on the breakfast show on Thursday when Greg joined Grimmy in the studio.
Nick began hosting the show in 2012 and earlier this week became the second-longest running breakfast show presenter in Radio 1 history.
He said: "It was always my dream to do the breakfast show and I'm very grateful that I got to live my dream every day for what will be nearly six years.
"But six years is a long time and this isn't a forever job. I had the time of my life. I've decided it's time for a change and a new show."
He said he loves Radio 1 and can't wait to start his new show in the drivetime slot and remove "all alarms from my house".
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Nick has presented the breakfast show for five years and 250 days
Nick took over from Chris Moyles on the breakfast show. He'd previously presented the station's late night programme.
The latest official Rajar listening figures suggest 5.1 million people tuned into Grimmy at breakfast time in the first quarter of 2018 - they were the second lowest audience figures since current records began. It was a drop of 600,000 compared to the last quarter of 2017.
He added: "I'm so happy to be swapping shows with my friend and yours, Greg James, and can't wait to wake up to him each morning. Not literally. Just on the radio. Unless he's up for it."
Image copyright Fulwell 73 Image caption Greg also hosts BBC One's Sounds Like Friday Night with 1Xtra's Dotty
Greg is the current presenter of the drivetime show and was first on air on Radio 1 the day after he graduated from university.
He said he was "beside myself" to be given the chance to present the "most famous radio show in the world".
He added: "The listeners have become like mates during the ten years I've been on air, so to be there when they wake up is a real honour.
"They're always front and centre and this will of course be the case on the new breakfast show. It's going to be the most enjoyable challenge I've ever undertaken and I can't wait to get started."
The pair will start their new shows on Radio 1 in autumn.
Follow Newsbeat on Instagram, Facebook and Twitter.
Listen to Newsbeat live at 12:45 and 17:45 every weekday on BBC Radio 1 and 1Xtra - if you miss us you can listen back here.
SAN DIEGO — For a few wild seconds, California's players, led by Don Coleman, celebrated near midcourt as if they'd won the national championship.
The Golden Bears earned the chance to get a little crazy by surviving a chippy final few minutes of a 63-62 victory against San Diego State after they had blown a 14-point lead on Saturday.
Juhwan Harris-Dyson made two free throws with 7.8 seconds left and Coleman converted a 3-point play in the final minute for the Golden Bears (4-6), who were coming off an unfathomable 27-point home loss to Central Arkansas.
“I had to show the crowd a little something because of the boos, so I was happy we pulled the win out,” Coleman said.
Coleman was booed every time he touched the ball in the final 9 1/2 minutes after he and SDSU's Malik Pope got tangled up on the floor. As they were untangling, Coleman kicked at Pope. Both were assessed personal fouls, but SDSU's crowd wasn't happy with Coleman.
Cal snapped a two-game losing streak overall and a four-game skid against SDSU (7-3).
Harrison-Dyson was fouled by Devin Watson on a layup following an SDSU turnover and made both free throws. Jeremy Hemsley missed a desperation 3-pointer at the buzzer.
Cal scored the first nine points of the second half to take a 48-34 lead. SDSU was slowly whittling away when the game turned chippy. As SDSU's Jalen McDaniels made a layup to close to 55-49 with 9:42 left, Coleman and Pope were tangled on the floor at the other end.
“I thought I got fouled so I was kind of frustrated,” Coleman said. “He kind of grabbed my foot so I kind of like kicked him off me. That was it, really. He was holding my leg so I kicked him.”
Said Pope: “It was just physical, a lot of emotions. He's a chippy player, which is expected. Can only respect it, but I got a little kick down there; a little retaliation by me, which is just a mental breakdown that hurt us. It wasn't really anything serious. I was hoping we got the ball but you know, stuff happens.”
Cal went cold and SDSU kept chipping away, taking a 58-56 lead on Matt Mitchell's 3-point shot with 4:26 left.
The Aztecs had a 62-58 lead after Hemsley made one of two free throws with 50.5 seconds left before Coleman converted a 3-point play to close to one point. SDSU's turnover led to Harris-Dyson's tying and winning free throws.
Pope had 20 points and eight rebounds, while Mitchell and Hemsley had 13 points apiece.
Justice Sueing scored 12 for Cal, including the first seven points of the first half. Darius McNeill scored 10.
“We needed this one,” Coleman said. “We needed a big one to get our confidence back. We knew the last game we struggled and we knew we had to bounce back.”
Coach Wyking Jones was pleased with the way the Golden Bears responded after some tough practices following Wednesday night's loss and even at 8 a.m. shoot-around Saturday.
“I expected them to compete tonight,” Jones said. “I actually felt really, really good about this game. I knew our guys would play with a chip on their shoulder against these guys because the mentality of San Diego State is they come in and try to out-physical you.”
BIG PICTURE
California: The Golden Bears were coming off two big home losses, by nine points to Saint Mary's and 27 points to Central Arkansas.
San Diego State: The Aztecs lost to a Pac-12 team for the third time this season. They blew a halftime lead and fell 90-68 at Arizona State on Nov. 14, and blew a nine-point second half lead and lost to Washington State 93-86 in the championship game of the Wooden Legacy in Fullerton on Nov. 26. Guard Trey Kell missed most of the second half with a bruised quad.
STRATEGY
SDSU struggled against Cal's zone, making only 6 of 28 3-point shots.
“It was a complete team effort,” Jones said. “The guys absolutely followed the game plan. We wanted to slow things up a little bit. We just said to our guys, ‘If we play that 2-3 zone, we're going to make them shoot us out of it. Keep it tight, try to limit penetration.' The main thing was not letting them get offensive rebounds or get out in transition and we did a great job in that.”
QUOTABLE
“I think we all know if you shoot 6 for 28 from 3 you're not going to win a lot of games against a zone,” SDSU coach Brian Dutcher said. “I think Cal hurt us rebounding. We knew that was a possibility.” Cal outrebounded SDSU 33-24.
UP NEXT
California returns home to Berkeley to face Cal State Fullerton next Saturday.
San Diego State is off until Dec. 21, when it hosts No. 12 Gonzaga.
WASHINGTON: Consumer prices declined in May, reflecting a big drop in energy prices and smaller declines in a number of other areas. It was the second monthly decline in the past three months and underscores how inflation has been a no-show in the slow-growing US economy.
Consumer prices edged down 0.1 percent last month following a small 0.2 percent increase in April, the Labor Department reported Wednesday. Prices had fallen 0.3 percent in March. In addition to a drop in energy costs last month, the price of clothing, airline fares and medical care also declined.
Core inflation, which excludes energy and food, rose a slight 0.1 percent in May.
The Federal Reserve was expected to boost a key interest rate later Wednesday. But some economists suggested that the unexpected slowdown in inflation in recent months may cause the Fed to slow the pace of further rate hikes.
“From out of nowhere we have now had three months of unusual weakness in underlying prices,” said Paul Ashworth, chief economist at Capital Economics.
He said the inflation slowdown was occurring at the same time that the unemployment rate has fallen to a 16-year low.
“It will not stop the Fed from hiking interest rates… but it increases the downside risks to our forecast that there will be a further two rate hikes in the second half of this year,” he said in a research note.
Over the past 12 months, consumer prices are up 1.9 percent while core inflation has risen 1.7 percent. The Federal Reserve seeks to manage interest rates to promote moderate annual gains in inflation of 2 percent. The Fed's preferred measure of inflation, tied to consumer spending, has been below 2 percent for five years and in recent months slipped back a bit.
However, Fed officials have said they believe the recent slowdown in price gains reflected transitory factors and they expect inflation will resume moving toward 2 percent as low unemployment helps to boost wages. Unemployment in May dipped to 4.3 percent.
In May, food costs edged up a tiny 0.2 percent while energy costs fell 2.7 percent, led by a 6.2 percent drop in the price of gasoline. Over the past 12 months, food costs are up just 0.9 percent while energy prices have risen 5.4 percent.
Clothing costs dropped 0.8 percent in May while the cost of new cars and used cars both fell 0.2 percent.
Medical services such as the cost of doctor's visits dipped 0.1 percent in May but have risen 2.5 percent over the past 12 months.
WASHINGTON: Consumer prices declined in May, reflecting a big drop in energy prices and smaller declines in a number of other areas. It was the second monthly decline in the past three months and underscores how inflation has been a no-show in the slow-growing US economy.
Consumer prices edged down 0.1 percent last month following a small 0.2 percent increase in April, the Labor Department reported Wednesday. Prices had fallen 0.3 percent in March. In addition to a drop in energy costs last month, the price of clothing, airline fares and medical care also declined.
Core inflation, which excludes energy and food, rose a slight 0.1 percent in May.
The Federal Reserve was expected to boost a key interest rate later Wednesday. But some economists suggested that the unexpected slowdown in inflation in recent months may cause the Fed to slow the pace of further rate hikes.
“From out of nowhere we have now had three months of unusual weakness in underlying prices,” said Paul Ashworth, chief economist at Capital Economics.
He said the inflation slowdown was occurring at the same time that the unemployment rate has fallen to a 16-year low.
“It will not stop the Fed from hiking interest rates… but it increases the downside risks to our forecast that there will be a further two rate hikes in the second half of this year,” he said in a research note.
Over the past 12 months, consumer prices are up 1.9 percent while core inflation has risen 1.7 percent. The Federal Reserve seeks to manage interest rates to promote moderate annual gains in inflation of 2 percent. The Fed's preferred measure of inflation, tied to consumer spending, has been below 2 percent for five years and in recent months slipped back a bit.
However, Fed officials have said they believe the recent slowdown in price gains reflected transitory factors and they expect inflation will resume moving toward 2 percent as low unemployment helps to boost wages. Unemployment in May dipped to 4.3 percent.
In May, food costs edged up a tiny 0.2 percent while energy costs fell 2.7 percent, led by a 6.2 percent drop in the price of gasoline. Over the past 12 months, food costs are up just 0.9 percent while energy prices have risen 5.4 percent.
Clothing costs dropped 0.8 percent in May while the cost of new cars and used cars both fell 0.2 percent.
Medical services such as the cost of doctor's visits dipped 0.1 percent in May but have risen 2.5 percent over the past 12 months.
Last week, Waymo showed a video of people riding in its self-driving minivans. They thumbed their phones, yawned and one snoozed. The message: Driverless cars are so safe, they're boring. The clip was meant to drum up support for a fully driverless taxi service it plans in Phoenix later this year.
Now, a tragedy may slow the Alphabet Inc. unit's efforts, and the broader industry march toward commercialization of this technology. A self-driving test car from Uber Technologies Inc. hit and killed a pedestrian in Tempe, near Phoenix, late Sunday, prompting investigations by regulators and a backlash from some consumer-safety advocates.
"It will set consumer confidence in the technology back years if not decades," said Jason Levine, executive director of the Center for Auto Safety, a Washington-based advocacy group. "We need to slow down."
A still image taken from video, shows investigators at the scene of the accident involving an Uber car on March 19. Source: ABC-15.com via AP Photo
The fatality, the first one known to involve an autonomous test vehicle and a pedestrian, comes at a critical juncture for the nascent industry. Companies including Alphabet, General Motors Co., Uber and Tesla Inc. are investing billions of dollars to develop the technology. Tests on public roads had mostly proved trouble-free and the rare major crashes were not found to be the fault of the technology.
Still, as autonomous vehicles are increasingly tested in complex urban and suburban environments, the chances of a fatal incident rose. Leaders at Alphabet have, for years, fretted that a death from a crash or reckless public road tests by a competitor could spark overbearing rules. When Bloomberg called a former driverless car engineer on Monday to discuss the industry, the person's first comment was: it finally happened. The person asked not to be identified talking about such a sensitive topic.
Read more: The evolution of driverless cars -- a QuickTake explainer
When a driver using Tesla's Autopilot system crashed and died in 2016, the initial reaction was similar to Monday's response to the Uber incident. But the two episodes are different.
In May 2016, Joshua Brown, the driver of a Tesla Model S who had Autopilot engaged, slammed into a semi truck on a Florida highway and was killed. The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration and the NTSB investigated, supplier Mobileye NV cut ties with Tesla and numerous updates were made to the Autopilot technology. But the fallout was largely contained to Tesla.
"A lot of us were surprised that the Tesla fatality did not have greater consequences. The Uber fatality could turn out to be the thing that makes the general public more skeptical," said Bryant Walker Smith, a professor at the University of South Carolina's School of Law who studies driverless car regulations.
"In Tesla's Florida crash, the car was purchased by and used by the victim. In the Arizona crash, the vehicle was a test vehicle under the control in every sense by Uber, and the victim was an ordinary person," Smith added.
The Tesla episode was relatively easily dismissed by the rest of the driverless car industry. Autopilot is a "driver assistance" system and drivers are expected to maintain control. It uses radar, cameras and computer-vision technology to understand surroundings. Systems designed by Waymo, Uber, and GM's Cruise use another method known as Lidar, in addition to radar and other sensors, that they argue is better for fully autonomous driving.
Full driverless systems can save the most lives by being more alert and capable than human drivers and relieving them of all control of vehicles, their argument continues. More than 37,000 people were killed on U.S. roads in 2016, and pedestrian deaths rose 9 percent, according to NHTSA.
"People are going to be aware of this tragedy and this death, even if they are unaware of the hundreds of other people who died in motor crashes today," said Smith.
So far, it's unclear if the Uber incident will alter other companies' plans in Arizona. The video Waymo released earlier this month was collected from test riders in Chandler, about 14 miles from Tempe. Since last summer, Waymo has shuttled volunteers in its autonomous minivans without safety drivers behind the wheel -- an unprecedented feat meant to show the company's technical prowess. Officials from Waymo did not respond to requests for comment. A Chandler representative said the city has no plans to change its arrangement with Waymo.
Human drivers rarely face criminal charges for accidents like the one on Monday, but the involvement of an autonomous vehicle is new territory, according to Chris Zachar, a partner at Zachar Law Firm, a personal-injury firm based in Phoenix.
"There's never been an incident like this before in Arizona," he said. A spokeswoman for the Tempe Police Department did not respond to request for comment as to whether any charges have been filed.
According to the police, Elaine Herzberg, 49, was walking outside of a crosswalk at the time she was struck by the Uber vehicle. Arizona state law requires that pedestrians yield to right-of-way vehicles when not using crosswalks.
However, this distinction may not matter in this case, Zachar said. "If the radars on these vehicles are as good as they claim to be, why do you need the presence of a crosswalk?"
By BEN WALKER
NEW YORK (AP) — Quite a rally for Rumor — a commanding comeback for German shepherds, too.
Rumor was crowned America's top dog Tuesday night when, a year after a near miss, she came out of retirement to win best in show at the Westminster Kennel Club.
Cheered loudly all around the ring by a packed crowd at Madison Square Garden, and clearly the crowd favorite, she's just the second German shepherd to win the event that began in 1877.
“Unbelievable,” handler and co-owner Kent Boyles said.
In a year that's seen lots of late, startling twists in sports — think Patriots, Cubs and Cavaliers — Rumor pulled a shocker. She'd been at home in Wisconsin for months, a house pet headed toward having puppies, when she suddenly jumped back into the show ring in January.
Boyles is a fan of the Green Bay Packers and star quarterback Aaron Rodgers. Seeing a pet go from the couch to this top prize, heck, that's a dog world Hail Mary.
Rumor beat out a Norwegian elkhound, a Pekingese, a miniature poodle, an Irish setter, a boxer and a Norwich terrier in the final ring. The Irish setter called Adrian finished second.
“The German shepherd standard talks about quality and nobility,” judge Thomas Bradley III said. “When you recognize it, it hits you at home, and that's what it really is. She is just magnificent.”
The 5-year-old Rumor is named for the Adele hit song “Rumor Has It.” This was the 104th career win for Rumor, and earlier in the day, Boyles said that this would definitely, for real, be her last major show.
“She's going to be relaxing for a while,” Boyles said after the win, but ultimately, there are “puppies in her future.”
Rumor joined the fittingly named Manhattan in 1987 as the only German shepherds to go best in show at the Garden.
There were nearly 2,800 dogs entered in the 141st Westminster canine competition, spread across the 202 eligible breeds and varieties.
1:43 CMS School Board comments on recent ICE raids Pause
1:28 Fear among Charlotte's immigrants
0:55 PETA says go vegan for your valentine
2:13 What does U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement do?
1:43 Steve Clifford on the toughest part of coaching
2:52 Dan DiMicco is Trump trade adviser
2:43 Tax reassessment: A boon for Trump National Golf Club and a loss for North Carolina county
0:34 Nice day to get a Valentine
1:41 Senate leader sees no 'true compromise' in Cooper's HB2 proposal
Image copyright WYFRS Image caption The cow fell down a sinkhole on Birks Close Farm. Village Street, on Thursday morning
A cow which fell down a sinkhole in its field had to be rescued by firefighters.
The "distressed" animal was found on Birks Close Farm in Norwood Green, Halifax, at about 09:20 BST on Thursday.
West Yorkshire Fire and Rescue Service (WYFRS) said the cow's back leg was stuck, with crew members and the farmer digging around the limb to free it.
A spokesperson said the cow was unharmed, "but a bit distressed".
A special sling was used to lift the beast to safety.
Posting on its Instagram account, WYFRS said: "Holy cow! Our amazing technical rescue & Cleckheaton crew helped re-moove this cow stuck in a sinkhole yesterday #notjustfires."
Image copyright WYFRS Image caption Fire crews carefully dug around the cow to help free it
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
DAVIE COUNTY, N.C. -- A dog picked up and thrown across the road in a tornado is now spending his first week at home.
Lewis Vannoy says his dog, Duke, was thrown about 1,000 feet when a tornado came through Davie County in North Carolina almost three weeks ago.
“Picked up in the mass of the swirling wind, picked up and tossed just like a ragdoll,” Vannoy said.
The 12-year-old Australian Shepard survived.
“When I got to him, he was across the road in the pasture,” Vannoy said. “He could hardly walk. He was in severe pain. He was lethargic and crying.”
Vannoy said Duke's right leg was broken in multiple places and his retina was damaged. The dog had multiple surgeries and spent some time at the vet.
“He's going to have a full recovery,” said Vannoy.
As Duke makes himself comfortable at home, Vannoy is still processing his loss.
“Thirty-five years to build it, 35 seconds to destroy it,” Vannoy said. “Home, barns, garage, tractors, lawn mowers, there's nothing here that doesn't have damage on it.”
Vannoy says his home is too damaged to fix.
“I'll build another house and we will make more memories,” Vannoy said.
He says cleaning his property will likely take between a year and a half to two years.
“I ain't giving up,” Vannoy said.
He is happy to be alive.
“It makes you hold on to your children and your grandchildren a little longer,” Vannoy said.
He's also happy to have Duke with him.
“You really become attached,” Vannoy said.
Vannoy said he also had a horse that was thrown by the tornado and survived.
What he wants people to know to now is that if you get a tornado warning, take cover. He says his situation could have been much worse.
The London Metropolitan Police, including officers from the Child Abuse and Sexual Offenses Command, are investigating Kevin Spacey regarding three new sexual assault claims, TMZ reports. The former House of Cards star was accused of sexual assault by three men in the U.K. for incidents that allegedly took place within a 17-year span. Two of the men reportedly contacted authorities in February, with one man claiming he had been assaulted in 2008 and the other accusing Spacey of an assault that allegedly occurred in 2013.
According to the New York Daily News, the third man came forward in April alleging that Spacey assaulted him in 1996.
Spacey is currently under investigation in both the U.K. and the U.S. for a total of six sexual assault claims. In January, Scotland Yard confirmed that it was investigating Spacey for an incident said to have occurred in London in 2005 and that Child Abuse and Sexual Offenses Command officers were involved. He is also being probed by London police for two other sexual assault claims, with one allegedly occurring in 2005 and the other allegedly taking place in 2008. There are also investigations into Spacey taking place in Massachusetts and California.
In October 2017, actor Anthony Rapp was the first person to come forward and accuse Spacey of sexual misconduct, claiming that a then 26-year-old Spacey made inappropriate advances to a then 14-year-old Rapp when they were both working on Broadway in the '80s.
Spacey was already in the headlines today after his L.A. Confidential costar Guy Pearce referred to him as “handsy” in an interview with an Australian talk show.
Jhené Aiko makes her love for Big Sean permanent with tattoo “Art is [love] thanks Jhené for allowing me to share this moment,” tattoo artist Miryam Lumpini shared on Instagram.
Jhené Aiko files for divorce amid Big Sean romance rumors The singer separated from husband Dot da Genius in June 2015 but has been getting close to rapper Big Sean ever since.
The Big Sean diet: Chipotle every day Svelte Detroit rapper also reveals that he's not a fan of avocado.
Flo Rida, Big Sean among this Queens barber's famous clientele Barber Richard Mendoza was celebrating the grand opening of his own shop in Queens in 2006 when a moment of inspiration struck. Mendoza expertly carved the NYC skyline into the...
Ariana Grande: I never belonged to Big Sean "I am tired of living in a world where women are mostly referred to a man's past, present or future PROPERTY/POSSESSION,” wrote the 21-year-old singer.
Ariana Grande and Big Sean call it quits “They both deeply care for each other and remain close friends,” reads a join statement.
Big Sean is actually totally cool with Bieber getting handsy with Ariana Grande The rapper's rep said a tweet expressing annoyance with the bratty pop star was a fake.
Alister Bull, Bloomberg News Federal Reserve team leader, discusses a milestone for the 10-year U.S. Treasury yield, which hit 3 percent on Tuesday for the first time since 2014 as investors expect more rate hikes in 2018. He speaks with Bloomberg's Amy Morris and Peter Barnes on Bloomberg Radio's "Politics, Policy, Power and Law."
This is a Bloomberg podcast. To download, watch or listen to this report now, click on the thumbnail/player on the sidebar.
A new study featured in the British Medical Journal has added to the ongoing debate over quality differences between rural and non-rural hospitals, concluding that patients who visited EDs at hospitals with low admission rates (which were disproportionately rural) were more likely to die within seven days. While it doesn't investigate if the deaths were preventable, some media outlets have used the study to suggest rural hospitals lag behind urban or academic medical centers in terms of care delivery and effectiveness. A review of Definitive Healthcare data shows that rural hospitals do perform worse than all other hospitals on several Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) and Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality (AHRQ) measures, even though they have a healthier patient base.
Rural hospitals have worse mortality rates than all other hospitals for four out of five common life-threatening conditions: pneumonia, stroke, COPD, heart failure, heart attack. Only mortality rates for stroke are slightly lower. The greatest difference lies with COPD, reaching a rate 19.8 percent at rural hospitals compared to 7.9 percent at other facilities. Previous studies have attributed the disparity to longer wait times prior to treatment during emergencies and lower rates of stent placement. In addition, other reviews have suggested that rural patients are more likely than those in urban settings to have severe forms of the condition, leading to worse outcomes. For the other conditions, though, the cause is less clear, though transportation difficulties and fewer available specialists may play a role.
One interesting finding is that rural hospitals have superior readmission rates for the five conditions, with the exception of stroke. A possible explanation is their comparatively low median case mix of 1.07, compared to 1.57 at urban and suburban hospitals. Other research has noted that rural providers have fewer barriers to care coordination given that a single company can own the majority of care locations and employ the most providers in a rural county that may only have a single hospital. Limited physician choice also encourages patients to stay within an established provider network. However, the all-cause readmission rates for both groups are nearly identical, suggesting that rural hospitals may be focusing their reduction efforts almost exclusively on the most serious common conditions.
Median Rates of Mortality and Readmissions by Condition and Hospital Setting, 2016
Rural Hospitals All Other Hospitals Mortality
Rate Readmission
Rate Mortality
Rate Readmission
Rate Pneumonia 16.8% 12.4% 16.1% 17.2% Stroke 12.3% 16.5% 12.5% 14.6% COPD 19.8% 15.5% 7.9% 20.0% Heart Failure 21.8% 14.3% 11.8% 21.9% Heart Attack 16.7% 8.0% 13.9% 16.9% All-Cause Readmission Rate — 15.5% — 15.6%
Source: Definitive Healthcare data
When AHRQ measures are taken into account, rural hospitals still have worse scores, but not in every category. The median rural hospital had a higher incidence of collapsed lungs and accidental cuts and tears, but had slightly better rates of serious blood clots after surgery and far fewer wound splits than other hospitals. The fact that most rural hospitals don't perform major or complex surgeries could explain the difference. It's important to note, however, that the vast majority of the scores come from only about half of all rural hospitals and very few critical-access facilities are included. Not all hospitals have enough case volume or admissions to report figures to the AHRQ, which bases its rates on cases per 1000 discharges. Even rural hospitals that do submit data tend to have far fewer admissions than non-rural facilities that do the same (2,279 compared to 8,728), which effectively magnifies the impact of outlier medical events or patient cases on their scores.
Patient Characteristics and AHRQ Median Figures by Hospital Setting, 2016
Rural Hospitals All Other Hospitals Case Mix 1.07 1.57 Major Complication/Co-morbidity Rate 47% 56% Wound Splits After Surgery 0.47 2.22 Serious Blood Clots After Surgery 4.68 4.78 Accidental Cuts and Tears 2.25 1.37 Collapsed Lung 1.39 0.40
Source: Definitive Healthcare data
The suggestion that rural hospitals offer inferior care in the past has been met with serious opposition from advocacy groups, who usually argue that rural health care brings its own set of unique challenges. Responses to a 2011 study critical of rural hospital performance pointed out that quality scores had been gradually improving since 2005 and questioned if traditional CMS quality measures could be meaningfully applied to rural facilities, pointing instead to sociodemographic factors and primary drivers of patient outcomes. However, as others have explained, patients should expect to receive the same quality care as they could find in a large city, and regardless of the exact reason, the data shows that rural hospitals certainly have room to improve.
Definitive Healthcare has the most up-to-date, comprehensive and integrated data on over 7,700 hospitals, 1.4 million physicians, and numerous other healthcare providers. Our database allows users to search by and report on a wide variety of quality metrics.
The home on Hillview Avenue where the pair was discovered has been vacant for years. (Source: Miles Jackson, WAVE 3 News)
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) – When El'Viva Murphy walked out of her backyard on Saturday, she saw two people in a treehouse behind a next door home.
What made it particularly odd was that the home on Hillview Avenue has been vacant for years.
PREVIOUS STORY
+ Homeless pair arrested, accused of shooting heroin in someone's treehouse
"When I noticed it, I was like, ‘Oh wow, they've done started moving in and staying there,' and they had screen doors up,” Murphy said. “I was like ‘Oh no, we have to stop this immediately'."
Murphy called Shively Police, who said they would deal with the problem.
"They said they were going to stop it and they have not let up," she said.
Three days later, and after multiple warnings, police arrested Sheba Ashby and Harry Pryor for having 10 used hypodermic needles, along with turn kits and heroin residue. They were also found to be living in the treehouse illegally.
MORE ON WAVE3.COM
+ LMPD asking for help finding suspects accused of robbing elderly victims
+ Barber shop owner shot on the job returns to work
+ LMPD expects more security requests following Alexandria shooting
"I walked out there one day and the girl was like, ‘How are you doing,' like she was really my neighbor,” Murphy said. “I was like ‘Whoa, okay. We have to do something about this'."
The report also said both Ashby and Pryor had blood running down their hands after having just injected themselves with heroin.
Murphy said she was particularly disturbed since she has a young son.
“We have children running around, children that play,” she said. “I've been finding needles all around here. I've found them in my yard."
Pryor told officers he had just recently been kicked out of a home down the block, and he needed a place to stay.
Both suspects have been charged with public intoxication and criminal trespassing; Ashby also faces 19 counts of possessing drug paraphernalia.
"I hope that it does stop all this stuff,” Murphy said.
Copyright 2017 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
Sixteen-year-old Murad Rahimov peered down into a gigantic space he had only dreamed about before: the world's largest clean room, kept scrupulously free of any dust or contamination, where NASA assembles and tests spacecraft before launch.
Murad's eyes gleamed and a smile played on his face as he took it all in — the scientists encased in sterile white suits; the replica of the massive new space telescope, the most powerful ever built, that will study the first galaxies born after the Big Bang.
Murad is obsessed with space. He has been ever since he was three, back in his home country Uzbekistan. His young imagination was sparked when his aunt gave him a picture book about space, and he couldn't stop looking at the images of the solar system. Soon after, he told his parents his dream: He wanted to become an astronaut and work for NASA.
On this recent day, he was getting a private tour of NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt, Md., thanks to an NPR listener who heard about Murad's passion for space in a story that aired earlier this year. In January, NPR profiled the Rahimov family on the day they became naturalized as U.S. citizens. The Rahimovs immigrated to the U.S. from Uzbekistan in 2010, when Murad was nine. When they first landed in Kansas City, Murad spoke no English. Now, heading into his junior year of high school, he's on an accelerated track, taking extra classes in the summer and packing his schedule with AP courses.
Listener Aaron Schnittman heard that story on the radio, and his ears perked up when he heard that Murad's goal is to work for NASA. He emailed NPR that same day, that his brother is a research astronomer working for NASA at Goddard. "I think it would be a cool follow up to connect the son to my brother and help him make the connections needed to pursue studies in astronomy," he wrote.
Cool, indeed. The connection was made, emails were exchanged, and last week, at the invitation of Jeremy Schnittman, Murad and his mother, Limara Rahimova, made the trip to Goddard outside Washington, D.C. Schnittman, an astrophysicist who specializes in black holes, spent several hours showing the Rahimovs the inner workings of the space flight center and sharing his enthusiasm for space science.
Murad was clearly in his element, sporting a t-shirt with a picture of the Millennium Falcon spaceship from Star Wars, and a line from the movie: "the fastest hunk of junk in the galaxy."
He and his mother got to see the giant cryo-vac chamber where spacecraft are tested to find out if they'll withstand the extreme temperatures of space. They walked inside the acoustic chamber that blasts spacecraft with earsplitting sound to simulate the vibration of launch. They toured the laser lab where scientists are fine-tuning measurements to detect gravitational waves. "Amazing," Murad marveled.
Back in his office, ("black hole central," as he calls it) Schnittman talked with Murad about his research into how light gets bent around black holes. Naturally, they both share a hero in Albert Einstein, whose photo Schnittman keeps pinned above his desk. "It's remarkable," Schnittman said. "It's over 100 years since Einstein did all of this stuff, and still, everything is Einstein. Einstein, Einstein, Einstein."
When Murad mused about the possibilities of time travel, Schnittman sounded optimistic. "It's really not that much of a stretch to say that we're one step closer to time travel," he told Murad. "This is something that Einstein predicted 100 years ago. According to the theory, the equations, time travel should be possible. The trick is just building it and getting it to work, but as far as we can tell, there's no rule against it."
The astrophysicist and the would-be astronaut parted ways with the promise to stay in touch.
Later Murad said he loves science because it shows "the sheer awesomeness, the sheer scale of how insignificant and alone we are in the universe. All these petty fights that people have between themselves, they are just insignificant. When you start thinking about space, you get lost in the vastness of it. That's what captivates me the most."
Now that he's a U.S. citizen, he believes his dream of becoming an astronaut is more within reach. He and his brother automatically became citizens when their parents did. Murad was at school the day they took the oath: "I came home and looked at my parents, and felt all this pride," he said. "You could sense that something has changed. They were smiling from ear to ear."
For his mother, Limara, becoming a U.S. citizen has grounded her in a new way. "I felt before like I'm between countries," she said. "But now I feel like I'm staying ...both my feet here in this land."
Limara works at a school, and each morning they all stand for the pledge of allegiance. Before, she said, "it didn't touch me. But now, yes! And I know what each word in the pledge of allegiance means. And it means, for me, a lot."
As for Murad? The rising high school junior has his sights set on going to Cal Tech, and on the Mars mission he dreams of one day leading. "Some people, they tell me to try to get a real job," he said, "of maybe not shooting so high. But nah. I'm shooting for it. I'm gonna chase my dreams."
Meantime, there's a celestial show about to happen, one he's been excited about for years: the total solar eclipse.
Murad's hometown, Kansas City, is a perfect spot to see it: right in the path of totality.
Next Monday he will be outside, watching in awe as the moon slides over the sun, and dreaming big dreams of space.
WASHINGTON — Every morning, 92-year-old Sidney Kramer wraps a blood pressure cuff around his arm and steps on a scale, and readings of his heart health beam to a team of nurses — and to his daughter's smartphone — miles from his Maryland home.
Red flags? A nurse immediately calls, a form of telemedicine that is helping Kramer live independently by keeping his congestive heart failure under tight control.
“It's reassuring both psychologically and physically. The way he's put it to me, it's like having a doctor appointment every morning,” said Miriam Dubin, Kramer's daughter.
The vast majority of older Americans and their caregivers are ready to give virtual health care a try: Nearly 9 in 10 adults age 40 and over would be comfortable using at least one type of telemedicine for themselves or an aging loved one, says a new poll from The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research.
But they want to make sure that an e-visit or other remote care is just as good as they'd get in person, and that their health information stays private, according to the survey released Thursday.
Long considered an option mainly for improving access to health care in rural areas with few doctors, telemedicine is gaining ground with tech-savvy younger consumers — they text their physician with questions or Skype with a mild complaint. For seniors with chronic illnesses or mobility problems that make simply reaching a doctor's office an ordeal, telehealth could be more than a convenience. The greying population is raising serious questions about how the nation will provide enough quality long-term care.
But while private insurance often covers a video visit or other digital health care, seniors have had a harder time because Medicare tightly restricts what it will pay for.
That's starting to change, with a law Congress passed last winter that expands Medicare coverage for such options as video visits to diagnose stroke symptoms or check on home dialysis patients. Also, Medicare Advantage programs used by a third of beneficiaries can start offering additional telehealth options.
“While the interest is huge, one of the big barriers remains reimbursement,” said Johns Hopkins University telemedicine chief Dr. Ingrid Zimmer-Galler, who has turned to grants to help fund such services as telepsychiatry for dementia patients. The new law “is really a huge step in the right direction. It certainly doesn't cover everything.”
Costs are a major issue for people who need ongoing living assistance. Less than a third of adults age 40 and over have set aside any money for their future long term care needs, the AP-NORC survey shows, and more than half mistakenly think they'll be able to rely on Medicare to help cover nursing care or home health aides.
Telemedicine will have to replace in-person care, not add to it, to help with those costs, cautioned Zimmer-Galler.
As access for seniors promises to grow, the AP-NORC Center poll shows widespread interest in telehealth. More than half of adults of all ages would be comfortable with a video visit via Skype or FaceTime to discuss medications, for ongoing care of a chronic illness or even for an urgent health concern.
In fact, adults 40 and older are just as open to at least some forms of telemedicine as those under 40, with one exception: The older crowd is slightly less comfortable discussing health care by text.
Among caregivers, 87 per cent say they'd be interested in using at least one form of telemedicine for that person's medical needs.
“I think the parents would be happier at home instead of being in the doctor's office waiting an hour to see a doctor for 15 minutes,” said Don Withey of Courtland, New York, who helps his 92-year-old father and 89-year-old mother get to their appointments. But, “we don't know much more about it other than the fact you can talk to a doctor over the computer or smartphone.”
Just 12 per cent of adults says they wouldn't use any form of telemedicine.
There are concerns. More than 30 per cent of people worry about privacy or the security or health information. About half fear that telemedicine could lead to lower-quality care, the poll found.
“It's not about having a video screen or Skype in the home or even a blood pressure cuff in the home. It's about the team that's behind it and the clinicians who are supporting the care of that patient,” said Rachel DeSantis, chief of staff at Johns Hopkins Home Care Group, which provides the 92-year-old Kramer's remote monitoring.
The Hopkins program provides no-cost monitoring for a month or two to select high-risk patients after a hospitalization because research found it reduces their chances of readmission.
When the monitor recorded Kramer's weight creeping up one week, nurses immediately knew it was a fluid build-up, a heart failure symptom that needed quick treatment. The machine is programmed for some educational feedback, too.
Dubin says her dad learned quickly when to cut back. “If he enjoys a pastrami sandwich one day, he can see his numbers may be higher the next day.”
Dubin says the reassurance was worth privately paying, about $250 a month, to keep the monitoring once Kramer's initial time in the program ended.
——
The survey was conducted March 13 to April 5 by The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research, with funding from the SCAN Foundation.
It involved interviews in English and Spanish with 1,945 adults, including 1,522 adults age 40 and over, who are members of NORC's probability-based AmeriSpeak panel, which is designed to be representative of the U.S. population. Results from the full survey have a margin of sampling error of plus or minus 3.3 percentage points.
——
Online:
AP-NORC long term care polls: http://www.longtermcarepoll.org/
Emergency services had to free a lorry driver from his vehicle after a collision in Coupar Angus Road, Dundee.
Witnesses reported that the Lochee-bound skip lorry collided into a lamppost, which fell across the carriageway, forcing a Tesco delivery van to swerve out of the way.
The van, which was travelling in the opposite direction, ended up on top of the lamppost.
Emergency services were called to the scene at around 1.30pm.
Blue tarpaulin was erected while crews work to remove the lorry driver from the cab of his vehicle.
His injuries are not thought to be life threatening.
He was stretchered into an awaiting ambulance at 2.50pm.
A Police Scotland spokeswoman said: “Officers are currently in attendance at a road traffic collision involving two lorries on A923 Coupar Angus Road, Dundee.
“The road is currently closed between Lochee roundabout and Dunsinane Industrial Estate.
“Diversions are in place.”
A Scottish Fire and Rescue Service spokeswoman said: “We got a call at 1.20pm to a road traffic collision between two vehicles on Coupar Angus Road.
“We've sent four appliances and a heavy rescue unit to the scene.
“We have been assisting police and ambulance.
“Two appliances were sent from Blackness Road, two from Macalpine Road and the heavy rescue unit, also from Macalpine Road.”
Rafael Nadal is mortal
Yes, we know he is. But this review is all about drama and hyperbole. Nadal has won 10 times in his 13 visits to Roland Garros. Last year he didn't lose a set. In 2016, he left the tournament in the third round due to injury. You have to go back to the 2015 quarter-final to find the last time he dropped a set at the tournament. But it nearly happened in the first round match against Simone Bollelli. The unseeded Italian led six points to three in the third set tiebreak. But he couldn't convert any of them. Bolelli held another set point later in the tiebreak but Nadal won it 11-9 and with it the match.
“Just try to win the next point, no?” said Nadal of his comeback
“That's the only way. Just think about the next point and try to go one by one, knowing if you lose the set, nothing happens. Match continues. Two sets to one up and believing that the opponent will have to still play well for a long time to win the match. So that was my thought.” And, as we know, no one has been able to play well for a long time to beat Nadal at Roland Garros.
.Martial Marin, marital Marin
Third seed Marin Cilic advanced to the second round on day three with a hard-fought straights sets win over James Duckworth from Australia. The 29-year-old Croatian hasn't done that well at Roland Garros before, he's only got to the last eight once in 11 visits. This year the 2014 US Open champion is in the bottom half of the draw and, if all goes according to plan, he is due to meet top seed Nadal in the semi-final. That should be a good match. Cilic is a dangerous opponent. He pushed Roger Federer to five sets in the 2018 Australian Open and was only undone in the Wimbledon final in 2017 against Federer because of bad blisters. In the prelude to this year's tournament, Cilic got married in Dubrovnik to his longtime girlfriend Kristina Milovic. Fabrice Santoro, the on-court interviewer asked Cilic what was the better feeling: winning a Grand Slam tournament or getting married? Cilic answered with the aplomb of a seasoned diplomat. "We had a wonderful day with family and friends. Winning on the court is great but Kristina and I have been together for a long time and to find someone like her is very special.” Ah, bless!
Roger and Rafa are inspirational
Messieurs Federer and Nadal have amassed 36 Grand Slam titles between them and the work ethic of the men - 36 and 32- years-old respectively is inspiring the next generation. Denis Shapovalov – all 19 years of him - says they are the lodestars. “What they have done is something that probably nobody is ever going to see again or it's going to be a while until you see it,” he cooed. “Rafa at 19, was winning Grand Slams. Roger, I mean, the guy's got 20 Grand Slams. It's just unheard of. At their age they are still improving. So for me it's kind of calming in a way. You know, I feel even if I don't have the results right now or next year, I feel like I have so much time to improve and to get to where they are right now.”
The queens are back
Serena Williams missed the 2017 French Open because she had just had a baby. Maria Sharapova did not play because she did not have the ranking points following a ban for doping. The former world number ones both played on day three and they both won. Williams in straight sets against Kristyna Pliskova and Sharapova in three. “It's great to be in this draw and it's great to be back on a court that I have had great success at,” said Queen Maria after beating Richel Hogenkamp. “I have always loved playing here in Paris.” And so she should. Two of her five Grand Slam titles have come in Paris in 2012 and 2014. “From a young age, the French Open was a Grand Slam that was very difficult for me to do well at physically and mentally. I overcame that. So to be back here and kind of relive those moments playing is very exciting.”
Queen Serena won in 2002, 2013 and 2015 in Paris. She claimed the 2017 Australian – her 23rd Grand Slam singles title – before heading into nappy valley. And the 36-year-old was happy to reflect on the changes in her life since baby Olympia arrived. She spoke about the health problems she had after the birth especially blood clots. “I feel like a lot of people don't talk about the health problems,” said Williams. “They talk about the baby and how happy they are. But it's a lot that goes into it with the pregnancy and with giving birth and it's called a miracle for a reason, because it's a miracle and it's very difficult sometimes to make it through. I really appreciate that a lot more now.”
Wakanda rules OK
Serena came out for her first round match in an all black catsuit that looked like something out of Black Panther, the Marvel blockbuster about the king of the mythical kingdom of Wakanda. “It's cool,” she said of the outfit. “I call it like my Wakanda-inspired catsuit. It's really fun. Although we designed it way before the movie but still, it kind of reminds me of that.” She said the suit made her feel like a warrior princess and Pliskova certainly felt the force in the 7-6 6-4 defeat. “I'm always living in a fantasy world,” added Williams. “I always wanted to be a superhero and it's kind of my way of being a superhero. I feel like a superhero when I wear it.” Serena, here's a thing. You are even when you don't.
Two killed in Mahaicony accident
The driver of a car and a female passenger were killed at around 21.00 hrs last night following a horrific accident at Perseverance, Mahaicony.
Dead is the driver, Stephen Phillips called ‘Mal' of Buxton, East Coast Demerara and Abeanna Hubbard, 20, of Melanie, East Coast Demerara.
Those critical are Aresh Harris also of Buxton, East Coast Demerara and Dominique Ally also of Melanie, East Coast Demerara. They were also occupants of the car.
Kaieteur News understands that the friends were returning home from a pool party at Park Square, Mahaicony, when Phillips lost control of the motorcar and slammed into a tree.
Reports are that Phillips, who may have fallen asleep at the wheel, was driving at a fast rate of speed.
Harris and Ally arrived at the Georgetown Public Hospital minutes after 22:00hrs last evening in an ambulance. From all observations, they both sustained head injuries.
Ally was crying out in pain, and her feet were swollen.
The White House kept Vice President Pence in the dark for weeks about the warning it had gotten about national security adviser MichaelFlynn from the Justice Department, Pence's press secretary, Marc Lotter, said Tuesday.
Pence did not find out until Feb. 9. Trump was first informed about the Justice Department's concerns regarding Flynn on Jan. 26, White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer said at Tuesday's daily press briefing.
Flynn's actions as President Donald Trump's short-lived national security adviser are under scrutiny after he resigned Monday night over phone calls he shared with Russia's ambassador to the United States in December — before Trump took office. Among the topics discussed included U.S. sanctions imposed by the Obama administration against Moscow for its alleged role in the 2016 presidential election.
The date the vice president knew is significant because it is when the administration became aware that the Washington Post was about to publish a heavily-sourced story that confirmed Flynn and the Russian ambassador discussed sanctions, despite public denials from Flynn and other incoming senior administration officials including Pence, then the vice president-elect.
Flynn's departure — so far the most high-profile of Trump's senior team — comes after the White House said he misled Pence and other senior administration officials about information he shared with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak. Flynn had claimed that he had no substantial communication with Kislyak, which Pence later repeated to various news outlets.
In his resignation letter, Flynn, a retired Army lieutenant general, said “the fast pace of events” was to blame for his inadvertently briefing Pence and others with “incomplete information regarding my phone calls with the Russian Ambassador.”
The Washington Post reported Monday that the Justice Department, led by then-Acting Attorney General Sally Yates, informed the White House last month that Flynn was not entirely forthcoming about the calls or their substance — opening him up to the possibility of blackmail by the Kremlin.
Related: A Timeline of Mike Flynn's Rise and Fall and the Russia Call
Yates also reportedly was concerned that Flynn could have violated the Logan Act of 1799, a rarely used law that bars unauthorized U.S. citizens from negotiating with foreign governments. However, a senior intelligence official told NBC News last week that there had been no finding that Flynn acted illegally.
Trump fired Yates on Jan. 30 after she directed Justice Department lawyers not to defend the president's executive order on immigration.
Flynn's calls with the Russian ambassador were leaked in a Jan. 12 op-ed in The Post.
Spicer said Tuesday the White House counsel undertook an “exhaustive review” and determined that Flynn hadn't violated any laws, but he still weighed whether Flynn could remain effective.
“We got to a point not based on a legal issue, but based on a trust issue, with the level of trust between the president and General Flynn had eroded to a point where [Trump] felt he had to make a change,” Spicer said. “The president was very concerned that General Flynn had misled the vice president and others.”
Trump counselor Kellyanne Conway also tried to distance the administration from Flynn on Tuesday morning, saying on TODAY that he was at fault after providing incomplete information and not being able to recall what occurred on his phone calls.
She was pressed repeatedly on why Flynn was left in his post — and continued to retain the president's trust — even after the Justice Department sounded an alarm.
“That's one characterization,” Conway said. “But the fact is that General Flynn continued in that position and was in the presidential daily briefings, was part of the leader calls as recently as [Monday] … and as time wore on, obviously the situation had become unsustainable.”
Flynn has been replaced by retired Army Lt. Gen. Keith Kellogg as acting national security adviser.
Editor's note: The original version of this story said the Trump administration knew about the DOJ warning on Flynn for 11 days before Pence learned of it. It is 15 days.
The beginning of Fall 2016 brought new restrictions on the use of drones and other unmanned aircraft systems (UAS). Since the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) released new guidelines regulating drone usage, it has become increasingly difficult to use drones on state-funded college campuses such as Cal Poly.
While it is possible to fly drones and UAS on campus, getting approval for these aircraft requires many steps including submitting paperwork, discussing intent and passing federal safety guidelines.
The new changes began in May 2015. A memorandum was sent out by the CSU Chancellor's office breaking down the steps needed to fly a UAS on a CSU campus. In September 2016, Cal Poly reiterated the CSU and FAA guidelines, requiring that any and all drones owned by departments be registered with Cal Poly Risk Management.
As of now, there are two major ways UAS can be approved for departmental use on campus:
#1 — FAA Certificate of Authorization
The first way, which is the most likely to be approved, is through a Certificate of Authorization (COA) award by the FAA.
The FAA is the federal oversight committee in charge of regulating U.S. airspace, which includes governing power over airplanes, UAS and other aerial vehicles. In order to even apply for a COA, UAS must be public aircraft. This means the UAS use must be non-commercial. According to FAA standards, UAS “for educational or training purposes” are considered commercial. So, any UAS use must have some sort of purpose beyond educational value to be considered for a COA.
Once that is established, departments can request a COA through Cal Poly's own UAS Committee, which reviews why a UAS is being used, who will be flying it, when it will be used and so on. If approved, the request is then sent to the CSU Office of General Counsel (OGC) to provide a public declaration letter that certifies the UAS is a public aircraft not used for commercial gain. With this letter, the application can be sent to the FAA for review and be granted a COA. After being granted a COA, the application still has to pass a flight-readiness test and a second overview by the University's UAS Committee before it is approved for flight.
#2 — Section 333 Exception
The second way to fly an approved UAS on campus is through a Section 333 Exception, which is granted only rarely to non-public UAS. Somebody wishing to use a UAS but who does not comply with the COA guidelines can apply for a Section 333 Exception if they can prove they can still operate a UAS safely.
In this instance, the UAS request still goes though Cal Poly's UAS Committee, but does not need a public declaration letter to be approved. Instead, they submit a petition for exemption to the FAA. If approved, this exemption lasts for two years. After being approved by the FAA, these applicants still need to pass a safety test and must be overviewed by the UAS Committee. Despite the significantly less paperwork, Section 333 exemptions for universities are rare. As of April 2015, only one has been granted.
Since these new regulations were put into place, the usage of UAS on campus has decreased as departments have to go through many steps to be approved through Cal Poly and the FAA.
Share Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Microsoft has released version 16.12 of its Office 2016 application suite with improvements to Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and Outlook. Word, Excel, and PowerPoint offer better sharing and collaboration, with your locally synced OneDrive documents now opening directly from the cloud. All four apps now let you insert and edit Scalable Vector Graphics (SVG) files. Otherwise, Outlook sees the most changes, gaining quicker access to calendar event details, highlighting of search terms in results, week numbers in the Calendar month view, and delegate-driven scheduling of Skype meetings on behalf of principals. Finally, Microsoft AutoUpdate now supports the msupdate command-line tool. ($149.99 for one-time purchase, $99.99/$69.99 annual subscription options, free update through Microsoft AutoUpdate, release notes, 10.10+)
I AM my mother's daughter not in skin tone, but in other ways. We share a flat, button nose and sarcastic sense of humour. She gave me her thick, coarse hair that often needs to be tamed into braids before it becomes wildly unmanageable. And I inherited from her a bunch of facial freckles, with three firmly planting themselves onto my top lip.
I may have spent a lot of time defending the legitimacy of my mother's marriage to my father, but only recently did I learn the story of how they came to be together.
I gathered my family in our living room, sat them down and nervously asked them a bunch of awkward questions. My dad immediately rested his head in his hands.
“In all my life I've never seen dad so stressed,” my older brother joked to me, as we watched dad pull at his bushy eyebrows. It's something he only does when he's stressed or bored, and it's a habit I've inherited from him.
The more I probed, the more uncomfortable he became, and after about five minutes of recounting his story he left the room for his garage-cum-man-cave.
As he retreated I followed: “I'm not finished with you.”
“But I don't want to,” he muttered, continuing to walk away.
My dad is one of the most generous people I know, but good people don't always talk about their good deeds. As much as my dad doesn't like to think about it, he gave my mum an opportunity to be something other than a housemaid and a single mother.
As it turns out they had met at my dad's best friend's wedding in Silay, a town near Bacolod, Philippines, in 1990. His mate was marrying my aunty and dad was the best man.
Before the wedding they'd stayed for four weeks at my mum's family home. Other than my mum, no-one really spoke to my dad when he was there – it wasn't a language barrier, as English is widely spoken in the Philippines, but more about the fact they inhabited such different worlds.
Mum and dad spent every day of that month together. They became friends and the friendship developed into something more. At the end of the month my mum caught her sister's bouquet, and my dad presented her with a ring. They were not in love, but he asked her if she wanted to come to Australia. He said he would marry her and bring her over, and if it worked between them, great; if not, he promised he would still help her immigrate.
She accepted his offer and came to Australia after the designated six-month fiancé visa waiting period.
They stayed together. But life for my mum and dad came with constant judgement. People whispered when they entered rooms together. Some questioned how two people could be engaged after knowing each other for such a short time.
My grandma had her doubts, too. My dad's response to her concerns was stern but respectful: if she didn't like it, they simply wouldn't visit. But that didn't stop grandma's friends from gossiping, constantly checking in for updates, and asking whether her son was separated yet, or if his Asian fiancé had received her visa and left him already.
St. Kitts and Nevis Team Unity Government Ushered In A Never-Before-Seen Coming Together Of The Federal Government and The NIA
BASSETERRE, St. Kitts – The Honourable Mark Brantley of St. Kitts and Nevis told the large crowd at a town hall meeting held by the Government of National Unity in Charlestown, Nevis Monday night (February 13th, 2017) that the Team Unity Movement ushered in “a coming together like we have never seen in the affairs of St. Kitts and Nevis.”
The three-party Team Unity coalition officially launched on Thursday, September 26th, 2013 at Greenlands Park, where it was announced that the charismatic Dr. The Honourable Timothy Harris – who was then a five-time elected Member of Parliament – would be the Movement's leader.
Team Unity ended up scoring a resounding victory at the polls on Monday, February 16th, 2015. Two days later, Dr. Harris was sworn in as St. Kitts and Nevis' third Prime Minister. Then, on Sunday, February 22nd, his administration's Cabinet was formally presented to the people of St. Kitts and Nevis.
Speaking last night to the highly engaged audience whose heads nodded in affirmation while they applauded his words, the Honourable Mark Brantley, who is the Minister of Foreign Affairs and Aviation in the Team Unity administration, said that the idea of unity was one that the people put their faith in, as evidenced by the election results.
Of this idea, Minister Brantley said: “It was an idea that we asked the people to invest in. It was an idea that we asked you to water and to allow germinating and grow.”
The Honourable Mark Brantley went on to encourage the people in attendance to consider more than his words in assessing the Team Unity Government's record of keeping faith with the citizens and residents of St. Kitts and Nevis, particularly in executing its mandate of ensuring economic advancement and a fair share for all.
“Let us look at the money…because for too long the people of Nevis have said that we have been left out. We have been on the outside of our nation looking in,” Minister Brantley, who is also Deputy Premier of Nevis, said, noting that, “I will give you the evidence. I am a lawyer by training so I deal with evidence.”
The Honourable Mark Brantley stated that, “In 2013, before Unity, the SIDF [the St. Kitts-Nevis Sugar Industry Diversification Foundation] spent $95,474,153.00. Every copper was spent in St. Kitts. Not a penny of that money reached Nevis…Unity took office in 2015, and look at the difference!”
“From the same SIDF, we got $6 million for a pier in Nevis, $2.5 million for the upgrade of sporting facilities, for the geothermal project $7.7 million, for the Mondo-designed athletic track $10 million, for the airport runway $2 million, for the control tower $1.5 million, for the Alexandra Hospital $9 million, for equipment for the Long Point Port $1 million, for the purchase of a generator by NEVLEC [the Nevis Electricity Company power station] $13.5 million, for our Treasury that was burnt down and is being rebuilt $6.5 million, for our water project $2.5 million…In less than two years of Unity, that comes up to $62.2 million,” Minister Brantley said.
In addition to this $62.2 million from the SIDF, the Nevis Island Administration (NIA) received – in less than two years – regular budgetary support from the Federal Government in the amount of $51.16 million. Minister Brantley explained last night that this regular budgetary support arrangement represents a pro-rata share of passport processing fees.
“I want to publicly commend the Premier of Nevis [the Honourable Vance Amory, who is Senior Minister in the Team Unity administration] because he has sat with the Prime Minister in a steady way…and he has brought home benefits for the people of Nevis,” the Deputy Premier said.
The Honourable Mark Brantley compared this with the years 2006 to 2015 – before the Team Unity administration came into office in February 2015. “Nevis received $17.3 million in those 10 years compared with $51.16 million in less than two years under Team Unity,” Minister Brantley said, reiterating that a total of $113.36 million was made available to Nevis in less than two years.
This money, which flowed “to the citizens of the country, who live and work and who were born in and make Nevis their home is by any measure a significant achievement,” the Honourable Mark Brantley added.
Minister Brantley also said that, although some naysayers declared that the Team Unity coalition could never last, the government is successful, as seen in the tangible progress that is taking place on both islands that make up the Federation.
“When we [in the Team Unity Government] say a fair share for all, we mean each and every citizen in this country must have fair access to the resources of the country. Each and every citizen of this country must have access to the full fruits of their citizenship, and whether by accident you were born in Cotton Ground [in Nevis] or Molineux [in St. Kitts], your rights should be no different in the state of St. Kitts and Nevis. That is our simple, simple statement. It may sound simple, but it has been very difficult to achieve over the years, and I am proud to say that with Unity we are well on the way to achieving that,” the Honourable Mark Brantley said during last night's town hall meeting at the St. Paul's Anglican Church Hall in Charlestown, Nevis.
The Food and Drug Administration approved the first home DNA tests Thursday that let people find out if they have a genetic risk for certain diseases.
The FDA decision allows home DNA test company 23andMe to directly market its gene tests for 10 diseases, including Parkinson's, Alzheimer's and some rare blood diseases.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed FDA Approves At-Home DNA Tests for 10 Diseases 1:39 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
"These are the first direct-to-consumer (DTC) tests authorized by the FDA that provide information on an individual's genetic predisposition to certain medical diseases or conditions, which may help to make decisions about lifestyle choices or to inform discussions with a health care professional," the FDA said in a statement.
"Consumers can now have direct access to certain genetic risk information," said Dr. Jeffrey Shuren, director of the FDA's Center for Devices and Radiological Health, which approves these kinds of tests.
"But it is important that people understand that genetic risk is just one piece of the bigger puzzle. It does not mean they will or won't ultimately develop a disease."
Related: Stop Selling Home DNA tests, FDA Tells 23andMe
A person's genes almost never make for a 100 percent risk of any disease. Instead, many different genes usually interact with a person's lifestyle and other factors to cause disease. For instance, the National Institute on Aging (NIA) notes that many genes are involved in developing Alzheimer's disease, and it's not clear how much each one raises the risk.
Related: 23andMe Faces Class Action Lawsuit in California
"It is unlikely that genetic testing will ever be able to predict the disease with 100 percent accuracy, researchers believe, because too many other factors may influence its development and progression," the NIA, one of the National Institutes of Health, says on its website.
“ It does not mean they will or won't ultimately develop a disease.”
And some genetic mutations are inherited, some develop before birth, and some occur as people live their lives. How, where and when these changes develop can affect whether such changes cause disease.
Related: Smoking Permanently Scars Your DNA
Samples are prepared for DNA testing at the Genetic Institute Nantes-Atlantique (IGNA) on Dec. 10, 2015 in Nantes, western France. Home DNA testing company 23andMe got a go-ahead from the FDA to market a home genetic test for 10 diseases. Georges Gobet / AFP-Getty Images
The FDA's decision, which is sure to stir up controversy, is a big turnaround from 2013, when the FDA singled out 23andMe, ordering the company to stop marketing its over-the-counter gene test.
23andMe is especially aggressive in marketing its home tests, usually offered as saliva tests that customers can send in for analysis.
This test does not include checks for genes that predispose people to cancer. They look instead for DNA variation involved in 10 conditions:
The FDA says these are all serious conditions and customers must first click an acknowledgement that they understand the results could cause them anxiety, a spokeswoman said. "The 'opt-in' page includes links to recommendations from professional medical associations on the benefits and risks of genetic testing for users to read before deciding whether to receive test results," the FDA spokeswoman, Tara Goodin, said via email.
Related: Mutant Gene Protects Against Heart Attack
New York University bioethicist Art Caplan says he is surprised the FDA approved the home tests, given the questions that still surround even genetic tests done by physicians.
"So much remains unknown, both about the accuracy of testing and the ability of consumers to process genetic information without counseling or help," Caplan said.
"Even physicians have a difficult time knowing how to interpret genetic test risk information. So this decision may wind up frightening as many people about genetic risk as it does empower them."
Kathy Hibbs, chief legal officer at 23andMe, said the company had changed the tests to address those issues.
"We had to conduct studies to show that consumers drawn from abroad swath of society could understand and use the product appropriately," Hibbs told NBC News. "We call those 'user comprehension' studies. We conducted those and submitted them to FDA to demonstrate that Americans can access and understand and use the product in a safe and effective way."
Hibbs says the tests will explain that having -- or lacking -- a genetic predisposition to a disease does not make for perfect certainty. "We provide information on how to access genetic counseling, although we don't provide genetic counseling ourselves," she said.
“ Even physicians have a difficult time knowing how to interpret genetic test risk information.”
And the FDA says the test will recommend that customers "speak with a healthcare professional, genetic counselor, or equivalent professional before getting the results of the test."
Medical geneticist Dr. Robert Green of Harvard University said people who buy the test tend to understand the risks. "We're moving as a society toward empowering people with health related information and this is, I think, a welcome step, along that journey," Green said.
Caplan says it's also not clear what privacy people have and how well 23andMe could safeguard their test results, or even their actual samples.
Related: How Much Cancer is Due to Genes?
The FDA said it reviewed the tests through a new process.
Consumers can expect more such tests to hit the market now.
"In addition, the FDA intends to exempt additional 23andMe genetic health risk tests from the FDA's premarket review, and genetic health risk tests from other makers may be exempt after submitting their first premarket notification," the FDA said.
"A proposed exemption of this kind would allow other, similar tests to enter the market as quickly as possible and in the least burdensome way, after a one-time FDA review."
What San Joselito's shining example teaches us about persecuted Christians
by Maria Ruiz Scaperlanda
North Texas Catholic
5 days ago
A tapestry of new Mexican St. Jose Sanchez del Rio, who was martyred at the age of 14 in 1928, hangs from the facade of St. Peter's Basilica during the canonization Mass for seven new saints celebrated by Pope Francis at the Vatican Oct. 16, 2016. (CNS photo/Paul Haring)
Editor's Note: The story of St. Jose Sanchez del Rio brings to our attention not just the persecution often experienced by the Church in its past, but the ugliness of religious persecution continuing today. In 2016 alone, 90,000 Christians were killed for their faith according to the Center for the Study of Global Christianity. We encourage you to pray for all those persecuted for their faith.
On an ordinary evening in February of 1928, a teenager known fondly to family and friends as Joselito stood fearlessly facing a group of armed Mexican Federales who demanded that he renounce his Catholic faith.
José had already been brutally tortured, the skin on the soles of his feet sheered off. Forced to walk on salt through the streets of his hometown, he must have known the destination would be his grave.
Yet even as each step caused the 14-year-old to scream in pain, he would not give in.
“If you shout, ‘Death to Christ the King,' we will spare your life,” the soldiers tried one last time, demanding that José deny his faith and instead pledge allegiance to the government.
“¡Viva Cristo Rey! ¡Viva Nuestra Señora de Guadalupe!” Joselito confidently countered, “Long live Christ the King! Long live Our Lady of Guadalupe!”
On February 10, 1928, José Sánchez del Río was ultimately shot and martyred for professing his Catholic faith at the cemetery in his hometown of Sahuayo, in the state of Michoacán, Mexico.
He was six weeks shy of his 15th birthday.
A Country in Chaos
In the 1920s — led by oppresive President Plutarco Elías Calles — the historically Catholic country of Mexico became deeply immersed in a violent, dark tempest of religious persecution.
By the middle of the decade, Catholic activitists founded La Liga Nacional de la Defensa de la Libertad Religiosa, or National League for the Defense of Religious Liberty, in an attempt to challenge peacefully the growing religious discrimination.
But as anti-Catholic pressure increased, the"Calles Law," as it came to be known, insisted on swift and uniform enforcement throughout the country of the Constitution's anticlerical and anti-Catholic articles.
St. Jose Sanchez del Rio
Threatening severe sanctions for violations and for government officials who failed to enforce them, Calles vowed, "As long as I am President of the Republic, the Constitution of 1917 will be obeyed," mockingly adding that he would not be moved by the "wailing of sacristans or the pujidos (groans) of the over-pious."
As strict “enforcement” turned into open discrimination, persecution, and torture of Catholics, underground rebels took up arms against Calles' military, the Federales. The rebels became known as Cristeros because of their battle cry — “¡Viva Cristo Rey!” or “Long live Christ the King!”
But to President Calles and his viciously anti-Catholic government, this declaration of faith, often proclaimed as last words by many Cristeros before their deaths, was clearly rebellious — and treasonous.
During this dark and vicious period, as many as 50,000 Catholics from every socioeconomic background were killed or martyred, including 90 priests, for standing up for their faith.
A Saint is Born
José Sánchez del Río was born on March 28, 1913, into a devoted family deeply committed to living out and proclaiming their Catholic faith.
Once President Calles' virulent anti-Catholic practices reached the faithful community of Sahuayo, on the western side of Mexico, Joselito begged his mother for permission to follow in the footsteps of his two older brothers who had already joined the Cristero movement.
When his mother objected, pointing out that he was too young, José replied, "Mama… do not let me lose the opportunity to gain Heaven so easily and so soon.”
It took him much pleading before Cristero General Prudencio Mendoza allowed him to enlist in the ranks — as a flagbearer.
During a battle on February 5, 1928, Joselito was captured and imprisoned in the rectory of his town's church. José prayed the Rosary and sang songs of faith to encourage not only himself, but also other Cristero prisoners.
In an attempt to intimidate him, the Federales made him watch as they threatened and hung a fellow Cristero. But instead of backing down, José encouraged his friend with words that echo those spoken by Christ on the cross when he addressed the thief hanging next to him: “You will be in heaven before me. Prepare a place for me…Tell Christ the King I shall be with him soon.”
A few days before his death, Joselito wrote a letter to his mother telling her of his imprisonment. The handwritten note, dated February 6, 1928, reads in part:
“I am resigned to the will of God. I die very happy because I die beside Our Lord. Do not afflict yourself because of my death since to die for God gives me joy. I send greetings to my brothers and ask them to always follow the smallest wish of God. I ask you to send me your blessing together with that of my father. I greet all for the last time. I send you love from your child's heart and desire so much to see you before dying…”
On June 22, 2004, José was recognized as a martyr by Pope John Paul II. He was beatified on November 20, 2005, by Pope Benedict XVI.
And on October 16, 2016, José Sánchez del Río was one of seven “witnesses” canonized by Pope Francis, who noted in his homily that these men and women “fought the good fight of faith and love by their prayers. That is why they remained firm in faith,” the pope emphasized, “with a generous and steadfast heart.”
The story of Joselito the young Cristero was recently featured in the 2012 Andy Garcia movie, “For Greater Glory: the True Story of Cristiada.”
He is considered the patron saint of persecuted Christians, children, and adolescents. His feast day is February 10.
Dark Times for the Church in Mexico
Catholicism has been a part of Mexico's history for almost 500 years, second oldest in the Americas only to Cuba and the Caribbean islands.
Ironically, Mexico was also the setting of one of the most violent and blatant anti-Catholic persecutions in history.
Following the 1910 revolution—and the virulent anti-Catholic articles added to the1917 Mexican Constitution, Catholics were viciously persecuted—with the greatest violence taking place under President Plutarco Elías Calles.
A painting by Mexican artist Martha Orozco features six priests – members of the Knights of Columbus – who were canonized by Pope John Paul II May 21, 2000. The priests were among 25 martyrs of Mexico's anti-Catholic persecution during the 1920s. (CNS photo/courtesy of Knights of Columbus)
Not only did President Calles strip the Church of all property, appropriating Catholic schools and seminaries, hospitals, universities, and homes for orphans and the aged, but the government also banned monastic orders, expelled missionaries and seminarians, and prohibited any form of public worship. Priests and nuns were barred from wearing religious garments, banned from voting, and forbidden from criticizing the government or commenting on public affairs, either in writing or word of mouth. And if charged with violation of the law, they were denied trial by jury.
Mexico's bishops were expelled and many of the clergy were exiled for years, some returning clandestinely to work and minister “underground.”
In his encyclical, Iniquis Afflictisque, Pope Pius XI addressed the horrific situation in Mexico, declaring what was taking place as a “cruel persecution,” and deploring the “great evils” of President Calles' government.
In 1925, and at the height of the Cristeros battle cry, Pope Pius XI established for the universal Church the feast of Christ the King.
Joselito's miracle
In 2016, during Pope Francis' February visit to the Cathedral of Morelia, capital of Mexico's Michoacán state, the pope stopped to talk with seven-year-old Ximena Guadalupe, a young girl with a direct connection to Joselito.
As a newborn baby, Ximena Guadalupe Magallón Gálvez contracted pneumonia and tuberculosis. At three months, she had a stroke, developed meningitis, and experienced epilectic seizures. To reduce constant spasms, the doctors induced a coma and told her parents that 90 percent of Ximena's brain was dead.
Ximena's mom, Paulina Gálvez Ávila, requested to hold her child while the doctors disconnected life support. “At that time I put my baby in the hands of God and the intercession of Joselito,” she told the official Mexican news agency Notimex. The baby instead “opened her eyes and smiled, looked at the doctors and started to laugh.”
After an official investigation, Ximena's cure was declared a miracle and attributed to the intercession of José Sánchez del Río, clearing the way for Joselito's canonization.
On an ordinary evening in February of 1928, a teenager known fondly to family and friends as Joselito stood fearlessly facing a group of armed Mexican Federales who demanded that he renounce his Catholic faith.
Published
Actress, producer, model, spokeswoman - it seems like there's nothing Gal Gadot can't do. And on Wednesday the Israeli native added yet another line to her resume: music video star.
Gadot is one of many luminaries who appear in a new video for Maroon 5's latest single, a remix of "Girls Like You" featuring rapper Cardi B.
In teasers for the video released on Thursday, Gadot appears with the band's lead singer, Maroon 5, as do comedians Ellen DeGeneres, Sarah Silverman and Tiffany Haddish, singers Camila Cabello, Mary J. Blige and Jennifer Lopez and Olympic athlete Aly Raisman.The video features almost another dozen women, including a range of more and less famous faces. Interestingly enough, one of those faces is Amani al-Khatahtbeh, a writer and Muslim activist.In January, Khatahtbeh made headlines when she rejected an award from cosmetics brand Revlon because Gadot was its global brand ambassador.“I cannot accept this award from Revlon with Gal Gadot as the ambassador,” she wrote on social media at the time. “Her vocal support of the Israeli Defense Forces' actions in Palestine goes against MuslimGirl.com's morals and values.”Khatahtbeh did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
Already have an account?
Choose from 3 subscription plans to access.
You can cancel anytime.
Video
Sonja Welsh, a child of the Windrush migration who came to the UK from Barbados in 1962, reads a poem for the Windrush Generation with her two grandchildren.
Following the fallout of the Windrush scandal in which the status of many legal Caribbean migrants has been questioned, we meet two generations of Windrush children who explain how they've been left feeling following the scandal.
"Back Home" was written by Theophina Gabriel.
Produced and Edited by Ashni LakhaniFilmed and Edited by Emily France
FILE - In this March 4, 2018, file photo, Lin-Manuel Miranda arrives at the Oscars at the Dolby Theatre in Los Angeles. Miranda won the Webby for public service and social activism for his work raising money for charities including Puerto Rico relief. The Webby Awards, which honor internet excellence, were announced Tuesday, April 24, and will be presented May 14 at a New York ceremony hosted by comedian Amber Ruffin. Photo by Jordan Strauss
2016 isn't even a month old, but Rob Adams definitely deserves a “dad of the year” award. The video game developer spent almost three years dreaming up, designing and handcrafting...
An attorney for a 26-year-old unarmed black man who was fatally shot by police in a California Walmart parking lot said that he was struck at least 10 times and was "neglected treatment for a great deal of time."
On April 5, four Barstow police officers — responding to a call of a suspicious vehicle in the Walmart parking lot — opened fire at the vehicle Diante Yarber was driving, killing him and injuring two other passengers.
Lee Merritt, Yarber's attorney, said Monday that a preliminary autopsy report concluded that Yarber was struck at least 10 times and that he died of asphyxiation. The report was conducted by a private medical examiner at Merritt's request, CBS News reported.
Police defended the officers' actions, saying they believed they were under attack. A spokesperson for the San Bernardino County Coroner told BuzzFeed News that Yarber's autopsy had been ordered but has not been released. She said autopsy reports usually take months to finish, and that in officer-involved shooting cases they may not be releasable.
"He choked on his own blood, which indicates to a medical professional that he struggled to survive and was neglected treatment for a great deal of time," Merritt said at a press conference on Monday. "Had he been given medical treatment, he had a chance to survive."
Officers fired more than 30 rounds into the car, Merritt said, striking Yarber multiple times in the back, neck, arms, and chest, which was "consistent with defensive wounds." He said that Yarber was "shielding himself, trying to escape the onslaught of bullets."
A woman who was sitting in the back of the car, Marian Tafoya, was struck in her abdomen and leg and was airlifted for emergency treatment. A male passenger suffered minor injuries while another man in the car was unhurt. All four occupants of the car were unarmed, Merritt said.
The passengers in the car claimed that they did not see law enforcement attempt to render aid or resuscitate Yarber, Merritt said.
Merritt did not immediately respond to BuzzFeed News' request for comment.
Cell phone video shared by the attorney appeared to capture the moment Barstow police officers opened fire at Yarber's black Mustang in the Walmart parking lot while members of the public were present.
5:48 Dave Barry's 2016 Holiday Gift Guide Pause
1:20 The United States of Powerball
1:28 The day Cassius Clay and The Beatles shared the ring
57:11 Dave Barry and Carl Hiaasen talk politics, Florida and a presidential bid at the Miracle Theatre
2:27 Dave Barry discovers something other than fish in the ocean off Rio
1:38 Dave Barry goes searching for protesters on the campaign trail
0:36 Dolphins' Matt Moore focused for playoffs
0:55 Dolphins' Landry talks loss to New England
0:47 Dolphins CB Lippet talks about hit that sidelined him
Victoria Beckham is feeling the love from her famous family on her 43rd birthday.
The designer and former Spice Girl's family celebrated her with a dinner at Nobu in Malibu on Sunday night, but they also made public displays of their affection via Instagram on Monday.
Daughter Harper, 5, probably wins for the cutest, with a clip of the adorable little girl snapping her fingers and singing happy birthday to her mom.
Two of Victoria's three sons — Cruz, 12, and 14-year-old Romeo — gushed about their Posh mum.
“Dear Mum happy birthday you are the best mum ever @victoriabeckham #bestmumever,“ Cruz wrote.
Romeo agreed with his little brother's assessment of Victoria's parenting skills.
“Mum, I love u so much and hope you have the best day ever!! You are the most amazing mum and you are perfect [in] every way,” Romeo shared. “I love how you make me laugh every day and whatever happens you always seem to be happy. I love you to the moon and back xx have the best day ever !!”
(Brooklyn, 16, who was spotted at Coachella over the weekend, might be sleeping in. He reportedly did not attend the birthday dinner either.)
Of course, Victoria's husband of 17 years, David Beckham marked the occasion, too. But he kept it simple, with a funny throwback photo from Victoria's years with the Spice Girls.
“Happy birthday to An amazing mummy , wife and friend .. We Love you Have a beautiful day x,” Becks wrote.
Another well-wisher was Eva Longoria, one of Victoria's closest friends.
“Happy birthday to this beautiful woman! You are one of the kindest, funniest, sweetest, smartest, most hardworking [people] I know!” Longoria raved. “May your year be filled with many more blessings and happiness! I love you VB!”
She's far from the only one.
Read more from Yahoo Celebrity:
The Heart is a Shifting Sea
Elizabeth Flock (nonfiction, Harper)
While this book is a nonfiction look at love, marriage and shifting cultural norms in Mumbai, specifically tracking three married couples through a span of about a decade, it reads like a novel. Thoroughly researched, it's also haunting and lovely. You'll find yourself strangely riveted as you follow the lives of each couple.
How to Stop Time
Matt Haig (fiction, Viking)
Technically, Tom Hazard isn't immortal — he's just aging very, very slowly. Alive for centuries, he has to move every 10 years or so, once the people around him notice he never seems to develop wrinkles. As Hazard lives through history, meeting William Shakespeare and sharing cocktails with F. Scott Fitzgerald, he's bound by one rule only: No falling in love.
The Line Becomes a River
Francisco Cantu (nonfiction, Riverhead Books)
Author Francisco Cantu served in the United States Border Patrol from 2008 to 2012; “The Line Becomes a River” is a sharp, honest look at the people who police the border and those who try to cross it, risking (and sometimes losing) their lives in the process.
Party of One: Truth, Longing, and the Subtle Art of Singleness
Joy Beth Smith (nonfiction, Thomas Nelson)
There are plenty of books for singles, but most of them aren't aimed at the Christian singles set. This is a warm, funny and empowering book from the managing editor of Christianity Today, urging readers to celebrate the lives they're living rather than waiting for a husband to appear.
An American Marriage
Tayari Jones (fiction, Algonquin Books)
Celestial and Roy are newlyweds brimming with potential when Roy is suddenly arrested and sentenced to 12 years for a crime he didn't commit. While he's in prison, Celestial turns to a childhood friend, the best man at their wedding. Then Roy's conviction is overturned, and he comes home ready to resume their marriage.
The Great Alone
Kristin Hannah (fiction, St. Martin's)
The bestselling author of “The Nightingale” is back with a novel about a father who returns from Vietnam a broken man, moving his family to live off the grid in the wilds of Alaska. At first, the wilderness seems like just the thing for the family, but as his mental state continues to fracture, mother Cora and daughter Leni realize they are on their own.
Alleged purse snatcher beaten to death at Good Hope
– female AFC Councilor, father detained
Police are questioning a female Alliance For Change Councillor and her father, in connection with the vigilante-style beating death of a 22-year-old man at Good Hope, East Bank Essequibo.
The victim, who is said to be a fisherman, was allegedly beaten with pieces of wood at around 16. 30 hrs, shortly after accosting the AFC member.
One report stated that the man, whose surname was given as Nazamadeen, had attempted to snatch the woman's handbag while she was walking.
It is alleged that the woman, a 28-year-old dental technician, complained to her father, and the ‘thief' was pursued, tied and beaten. He succumbed shortly after.
The dental technician and her 48-year-old father were subsequently taken into custody.
Reports indicate that Nazamadeen was slain shortly after seeking refuge in the burnt-out property where elderly rice farmer Mohamed Munir and his wife, Bibi Jamila Munir, were slain in April, 2016.
He is said to be the brother of one of the accused in the murder of the elderly couple.
A photograph provided to Kaieteur News shows the shirtless man standing on a shed in the Munir's property. Another photograph shows him lying motionless on the parapet.
A resident told Kaieteur News that she was sitting outside her house when she saw the man running into the burnt out property, with occupants in a vehicle in pursuit. The man then clambered up on a shed and began cursing. He eventually climbed down, only to be caught and beaten.
She said that she later learnt that he had died.
Kaieteur news understands that the robbery victim resides at Ruby, East Bank Essequibo.
LITTLE ROCK, Ark. (KARK) — Kroger has announced plans to phase out selling magazines that feature assault rifles.
The move is part of a tightening of its policies in the wake of the Parkland mass shooting and growing national anger over gun violence.
The Cincinnati-based supermarket retailer chain didn't name specific titles.
According to a spokesperson, the company regularly reviews its assortment of periodicals and makes merchandising decisions based on customer preferences.
A few weeks ago Kroger decided to raise the minimum age to buy guns from its Fred Meyer chain from 18 to 21.
That decision came after the Parkland, Fla. school shooting that killed 17 and wounded 14 more.
Facebook has come under fire after Cambridge Analytica, a voter profiling company that worked on President Trump's campaign, allegedly improperly collected and misused the data of up to 50 million users. It has prompted a big investigation in the UK and lots of scrutiny in the US. Initially, people voluntarily handed over their personal information and friends data — they thought they were participating in a survey conducted by a Russian-American academic. What they unwittingly did was give their data to Cambridge Analytica. But that's the point — people give away a lot of very personal information to Facebook. Then they just as quickly give it away to third parties without really knowing what in heaven's name they're doing with the information. Here are the three basic ways we're handing over very personal information — our birthday, our “likes,” our preferences, who we're friends with online — and how quickly it can be taken from us. 1. The simple act of signing up for Facebook
It's that simple. Some people think Facebook doesn't have all that much information on them because they rarely use it. You may be a lurker. How much data can Facebook really have on you? A lot! If you're curious about what kind of data Facebook has about you, you can follow these steps to download your personal Facebook history. In these archives you'll find fun things you probably never thought were stored on a server somewhere about you. The archive contains a list of IP addresses that you've used to logged into your Facebook account, ads that you clicked on, and cell phone numbers associated with your account. Facebook also tracks this type of data you entered onto the platform: A facial recognition ID that is associated with your photo and is used to identify images of you
Your maiden name
Credit card information
Your hometown
Your political views
Your addresses
Any networks you're associated with — like colleges or companies you belonged to 2. The even simpler act of using Facebook
Advertisement
Facebook keeps detailed data of all your preferences and every one of your “likes” — and it leverages that information for super-precise ad targeting. By reacting to Facebook posts, it's kind of like you're participating in an ongoing consumer survey exclusively for Facebook.
Your activity log can give you a pretty good idea of your Facebook behavior over time. It's a record of all your activities from today all the way back to the day you signed up for your account. Here, you'll find every like, :haha:, :wow:, :angry:, :love:, and :sad: reaction you've ever made to a Facebook post; every video, song, and photo you've looked at, listened to, posted, and been tagged in. It also keeps every change to your profile you've ever made. Oh, and don't forget your search history — including every ex you've ever looked up. Facebook also stores: Every friend you deleted :eyes emoji: Every status update you've ever posted
Every Facebook Messenger chat
Every place you've checked in
Friends you hid from your News Feed
Stuff you've searched for It's all very personal and it's all right there! 3. Signing in to third-party apps through Facebook
Here's where it really gets hairy.
You know that convenient option of logging into a third-party app with your Facebook credentials? Once you click “continue,” you're allowing this app — it could be Spotify, Farmville, or, say, a survey being conducted by a Russian-American academic connected to Cambridge Analytica — to access a ton of the precious personal data that Facebook has on you. For example, if you use Tinder via Facebook, you have to hand over at least some basic information about your public profile, which includes your name, your gender, and anything else you posted publicly about yourself. By default, the app also asks for access to a complete list of your friends, what genders you are interested in, your birthday, your work and educational history, any photo you've ever uploaded or are tagged in, any pages and groups you like, and your email address.
Unless you edit the default settings upon your first Tinder login — and you probably don't — you automatically give the dating app all this data.
These are only a few of the data points that apps may ask for. Here's a complete list. Back in 2014 — when the academic linked to Cambridge Analytica, Aleksandr Kogan, used his app to collect data — Facebook users were also able to give third-party apps permission to gather not just personal information but also the information of their friends. At the time, this data included things like the check-ins, locations, and interests of a user's friend. “The news about Facebook and Cambridge Analytica should serve as a reminder of the inevitable privacy risks in a world where a near-endless stream of personal information is collected indefinitely stored, analyzed, and re-used by marketers, identity thieves, and professional government snoops,” Corynne McSherry, legal director of the Electronic Frontier Foundation, told BuzzFeed News through a spokesperson. If you're looking to update your app settings, here are some helpful tips.
Lam Thuy Vo is a reporter for BuzzFeed News and is based in New York. Contact Lam Thuy Vo at lam.vo@buzzfeed.com. Got a confidential tip? Submit it here.
News moves fast. Keep up with the BuzzFeed News daily email! Sign up Great! You're almost there! Check your inbox and confirm your subscription now!
Watch every round of the 2018-2019 LaLiga season LIVE on beIN SPORTS
Speculation over the future of Cristiano Ronaldo is likely to build after the Portugal star was not among the players pictured as part of the release of Real Madrid's new kits for 2018-2019.
The new home and away shirts for next season were shown on Wednesday (NZST), modelled by players including club captain Sergio Ramos, Marcelo, Keylor Navas, Toni Kroos and Isco.
Ronaldo did not feature but Gareth Bale, who admitted after the UEFA Champions League final that he is considering his future, was used in the photos and accompanying video.
The absence of Ronaldo is expected to prompt further talk of a possible transfer before the start of next season, after he suggested after the 3-1 win over Liverpool that his time at the club could be coming to an end.
However, any anxious Madrid fans may have no real cause for alarm.
Firstly, Ronaldo was not used for Madrid's kit releases in the last two seasons, with Bale, Ramos, Marcelo, Kroos and Karim Benzema involved instead.
In fact, the 2016-2017 shirt was modelled by James Rodriguez, who would end up joining Bayern Munich on loan just a year later.
Sponsorship conflicts could well be behind this, with Ronaldo having agreed a "lifetime" contract with Nike in November 2016, worth a reported $1billion.
The deal with the United States sportswear giant would likely preclude the 33 year-old from appearing in official releases for products made by Adidas, Madrid's principle kit manufacturer.
Last June, an image posted on the player's Instagram page as part of a Nike marketing campaign came under scrutiny as it apparently showed the former Sporting CP youngster in an Adidas jumper.
The picture of a young Ronaldo, captioned 'This Boy Knew' above Nike's famous logo, was said to have been cropped to hide the Adidas branding lower down.
HONOLULU — A woman accused of deliberately driving off a Hawaii cliff and killing her identical twin sister was acquitted of murder Thursday.
A judge found Alexandria Duval not guilty after a trial that started Monday. Duval opted to have a judge instead of a jury decide the case.
Alexandria Duval listens to testimony during her murder trial on Jan. 31, 2018 in Wailuku, Hawaii. Chris Sugidono / The News via AP
Authorities described the 2016 crash as a hair-pulling fight over the steering wheel. The sisters were seen arguing on the narrow, winding Hana Highway on the island of Maui before their SUV plunged 200 feet over a cliff.
The crash was a tragic accident, Alexandria Duval's defense attorney, Birney Bervar said in his opening statement.
Authorities said Alexandria was behind the wheel of a Ford Explorer when witnesses saw the sisters arguing on the perilously narrow, twisting route along a scenic stretch of coastline. A witness cleaning a family gravesite on the highway shoulder told police that he heard a woman screaming in the vehicle and that the passenger was pulling the driver's hair and the steering wheel.
Anastasia Duval was in the passenger seat and was killed, and her sister Alexandria Duval was arrested. A judge later ordered Alexandria Duval released after finding no probable cause for a murder charge. She traveled to upstate New York and was arrested months later in Albany after a grand jury indicted her.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Nov. 2016: Sister who drove off cliff charged in death of twin 1:53 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Witnesses testified seeing the women arguing on the narrow highway. Duval did not testify.
"I'm disappointed," Maui County Prosecuting Attorney J.D. Kim said after the verdict. "The facts clearly show it was at least reckless behavior."
The sisters, born Alison and Ann Dadow in the Utica, New York, area, operated popular yoga studios in Florida before they changed their names. They moved to Hawaii in 2015 from Utah.
Thieves targeted a charity shop in Dundee's Wellgate Centre by breaking in through a back door and bypassing security, it has been revealed.
The Archie Foundation shop was broken into between Friday and Sunday, with two collection boxes and an engraved iPad stolen.
The children's charity is raising funds to help NHS Tayside build a new twin paediatric operating suite at Tayside Children's Hospital at Ninewells.
Emma White, the head of fundraising for Archie in Tayside and Fife, said: “They entered through a rear door, looked for and stole money. They also took an Archie-engraved iPad — so I hope they get caught.
“We don't keep much cash on the premises, so they stole two charity boxes.
“It saddens me to think that someone would do this, but we are grateful for the support we have had from the public during the appeal.”
She said the iPad had been donated to the charity, adding: “It isn't good, no, but it is a sad fact of life that these things happen.
“We lost an iPad and some money but when compared to the issues of some of the children and parents we are trying to help, it really would be wrong to make too much of it. I hope the perpetrators are shamed into perhaps changing their ways, then maybe some good could come of it. Stealing from sick children — there's not a lot to be proud of really.”
Emma said that thanks to the support from the Wellgate management team, there would be no cost for shop repairs either.
Police have appealed for information about the break-in, which happened between Friday evening and Sunday afternoon.
A police spokeswoman said: “Police Scotland is appealing for information after the Archie Foundation shop in the Wellgate Centre was broken into over the weekend.
“The shop was targeted between 4pm on Friday February 10 and 3pm on Sunday February 12.
“An iPad, which was engraved, was stolen along with two charity boxes containing approximately a two-figure sum of money.”
COLUMBUS, Ohio — A Democratic attorney general candidate says his Republican opponent, Ohio Auditor Dave Yost, should have immediately referred to authorities a whistleblower's allegations that Ohio's then-largest online charter school intentionally inflated attendance figures.
Steven Dettelbach, a former U.S. attorney, responded Tuesday to an Associated Press report that an ex-employee of the now-shuttered Electronic Classroom of Tomorrow shared his claims of misconduct with the Ohio Department of Education and Yost's office last year. The ECOT board's attorney says he was unaware of the man's claims.
Dettelbach told reporters Tuesday that critical evidence in a potential criminal case could have been lost during delays in referring the information.
A message was left with Yost's office seeking comment. His spokesman said Monday that the whistleblower's information was considered for an upcoming audit report.
× Rare white moose filmed in Sweden
VARMLAND, Sweden — A rare white moose captured on film in Sweden has people around the world mesmerized.
Rare white moose spotted in Sweden pic.twitter.com/jwPayHmzmC — BBC News (World) (@BBCWorld) August 13, 2017
According to the BBC, there are only about 100 of the white moose in the country.
“The moose aren't albino, but grow white fur from a genetic mutation,” the BBC reported.
Albino animals are pure white with pink or red eyes.
People on Twitter said it looked like a creature out of a mythical tale like “Game of Thrones” or “Lord of the Rings.”
“The Night King spotted on his way to Vasteras in central Sweden. Winter is here,” Sebastian Larsson wrote.
It's so majestic and big! I can see Gandalf the White or Galadrial from LOTR riding it. It must've been adorable as a baby moose😍😍😍 https://t.co/SIekb9Gij8 — Moe Irwin (@Moe_Irwin) August 13, 2017
“It's the deer god from Princess Mononoke,” another person commented.
With all the craziness we have in the world right now, it's a nice reminder that there are still things calm and majestic. https://t.co/FsOA4XTJ6M — Christina Mullins (@HRBabe) August 13, 2017
It's not known whether the twin white calves are albino or piebald moose, which are white with a few small brown specks.
AUGLAIZE COUNTY, Ohio (WDTN) – A Wapakoneta woman dies in a single-vehicle crash in Auglaize County.
It happened on Interstate 75 at State Route 67 in Wapakoneta just before 9:30 p.m. Friday.
According to the Wapakoneta post of the Ohio State Highway Patrol, 42-year-old Jill Zwiebel was driving north on I-75 when she lost control exiting the highway at State Route 67.
Troopers say her SUV went off the ramp and flipped. Zwiebel was thrown from the vehicle.
Zwiebel was taken to Lima Memorial Hospital where she was pronounced dead.
Troopers say the driver was not wearing a seatbelt and alcohol does not appear to be a factor in the crash.
The cause is under investigation.
A military helicopter with three crew members on board made a hard landing Monday afternoon on a golf course in Leonardtown, Maryland.
One crew member was rushed to medical care.
The helicopter was based at Fort Belvoir, the Army installation in Northern Virginia.
The UH-60 Black Hawk landed hard about 1:50 p.m., Fort Belvoir officials said in a statement.
The helicopter landed hard at the Breton Bay Golf Course, near Society Hill Road, the St. Mary's County fire department said.
Kevin Bowen, who works in the pro shop of the golf course said he saw the helicopter “flying kind of low” and then “saw it spinning” before it went down between the third and fourth holes of the golf course.
A photo from TheBayNet.com shows firefighters appearing to look into the wreckage.
Fort Belvoir is home to the major 12th aviation battalion, housed at the base's Davison Army Airfield. The 12th aviation battalion has more than a dozen H-60 helicopters. This battalion helps serve senior leaders of the U.S. Army and Defense Department.
Congressional sources say there are plans to budget $1.1 billion this year to buy 61 new UH-60s. According to National Guard Bureau, the Army Guard's H-60 fleet is the oldest in the Army; more than half of the aircraft are 30 years old.
A fighter jet crashed in a wooded area near Joint Base Andrews in Maryland less than two weeks ago.
The pilot in that crash parachuted out of the F-16 after he had mechanical trouble and steered the aircraft away from a neighborhood. The D.C. Air National Guard F-16C fighter jet crashed April 5 in Clinton, Maryland, about 6 miles southwest of the military base that is home to Air Force One, base officials said. The pilot was on a routine training mission at the time. No one on the ground was hurt.
Stay with News4 for more details on this developing story.
JOHNSTOWN, OH (WCMH) — The Ohio State Highway Patrol is investigating a fatal crash in Licking County.
According to the OSHP, at about 11:45 pm, Sunday, a 2001 Chevrolet Monte Carlo being driven by Bryan E. Lake, 25, of Galloway, was traveling eastbound on US 62 near Johnstown, when the vehicle went left of center.
Troopers say Lake overcorrected the car and drove off the right side of the road.
The vehicle overturned several times causing Lake to be ejected before it came to rest against a tree.
Lake was pronounced dead at the scene.
Troopers continue to investigate the crash, but say Lake was not wearing a seatbelt at the time.
It is unknown if alcohol or drugs were a contributor in the crash.
It was shock after shock for Prince Albert in episode four of Victoria. The Queen's consort, played by Tom Hughes, received a black-bordered telegram breaking the news of his father's death. And after heading back to Coburg to attend the funeral of his dad, the Duke – his uncle Prince Leopold (Alex Jennings) – revealed a major secret: the man in the coffin may not be his father after all.
Advertisement
The revelation was this: Leopold slept with Albert's mother (and his brother's wife) Princess Louise around the time he was conceived. So, instead of being Uncle Leopold, he might actually be Daddy Leopold. Happy families! (Or not so much.)
Albert was distraught to learn he might be an illegitimate son, screaming at Leopold with tears running down his face.
So where has this storyline come from?
Did Albert's mother Princess Louise have an affair?
“People have long speculated about Albert's paternity, partly because he so strongly resembled his mother, not his father, and because of the fractured nature of his parents' relationship,” Julia Baird, author of Victoria: The Queen, tells RadioTimes.com.
Albert was born into an extremely unhappy marriage. His father Duke Ernst married the young Princess Louise in 1817, and they quickly had two children: Ernst II and Albert. But, as we saw in the drama, Ernst could be cruel and promiscuous. He had plenty of affairs and fathered at least three illegitimate children.
Did Princess Louise sleep around, too? There have been rumours, especially about a Jewish Baron. But as Baird points out, Albert's biographer Hector Bolitho closely examined the divorce papers in the archives of the Duke of Saxe-Coburg and found “there was not even a hint in the documents that the Duchess had been unfaithful, with either Jew or Christian, until at least four years after Prince Albert was born.”
But yes – there was a divorce. This was a painful episode for young Ernst Jr and Albert. After the couple separated, Louise was forced to leave court in 1824 and leave her two young sons behind. Two years later the marriage was dissolved, and Louise secretly married the Baron Alexander von Hanstein – who has been at the centre of some speculation about Albert's paternity.
So was Uncle Leopold Albert's father?
Even allowing for the possibility that Louise could have had an affair (who knows for sure what went on in her bedroom?), this is a bit of a curveball. But it's not the first time it's been suggested.
In 1972, the author David Duff argued that Leopold may have been Albert's father. After all, he did visit Coburg a few months before Albert was born, so the timelines could line up.
But as Baird says, “the evidence for this is only circumstantial”. Duff's book, Victoria and Albert, was not well-received, with one review labelling it “lots of startling-to-dubious speculation”.
Advertisement
Still, no one will ever truly know what went on between Leopold and Louise – or even if Albert knew something historians don't.
By Radio.com Staff
Carlos Santana has issued a statement regarding controversial comments he made regarding Beyoncé.
Santana got into hot water when he insinuated Queen Bey lost to Adele at the GRAMMYs because she couldn't sing.
Related: Carlos Santana on Beyoncé's GRAMMY Loss: ‘She's Not a Singer'
“I would like to clarify a comment that was reported when I was doing an interview for some upcoming shows in Australia & New Zealand,” he wrote.
“My intent was to congratulate Adele on her amazing night at the Grammies [sic]. My comment about Beyoncé was regretfully taken out of context. I have the utmost respect for her as an artist and a person. She deserves all the accolades that come her way. I wish Beyoncé and her family all the best.”
See Santana's full post below.
Location of the former Apex Flooring in Denison. (KTEN)
DENISON, Texas -- A Dension businesswoman is out of jail on bond after theft charges were filed against her.
Melenie Barajas, former owner of Apex Flooring, was arrested on three counts of theft of property.
Five people claim that Barajas, 46, required them to pay up front for flooring work that was never done.
Apex Flooring is now closed. Denison police spokesman Lt. Mike Eppler said this serves as a reminder of being careful and doing research before you hire someone to perform a service.
"Ask them to provide some references to you to see what kind of person they are, and to see if they really are going to do what they say they are going to do," Eppler suggested.
Barajas was released from jail on Friday.
Crude futures stabilized Thursday, following sharp declines in the U.S., but investor sentiment continued to be battered by data showing that the market remains awash in surplus oil.
On Thursday, oil prices tanked by nearly 4% to the lowest level since November, following U.S. Energy Information Administration data that showed the decrease in crude stockpiles last week was smaller than anticipated.
Compounding the woes was the unexpected increase in gasoline stocks, surprising many traders and analysts who expected much of the excess gasoline to be mopped up during the U.S. summer driving season. Data show gasoline demand has fallen for three weeks straight.
Read: Blame gasoline for oil's drop to the lowest level of the year
Market sentiment was already weak before the EIA readings, after the both the global oil cartel and top energy watchdog International Energy Agency noted that the global supply growth rate continues to outpace demand and will remain so until next year at least. That's despite the ongoing output cuts by the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries and 10 other non-U.S. producers.
“To me, that's the biggest alarm bell. There are no signs of shale producers holding back their production even though prices have been dropping.” Phin Ziebell, National Australia Bank
The IEA predicts non-OPEC production, mainly U.S. supplies, will grow by 1.5 million barrels a day in 2018, while global daily demand will only see a rise of 1.4 million barrels.
“To me, that's the biggest alarm bell. There are no signs of shale producers holding back their production even though prices have been dropping,” said Phin Ziebell, an economist at National Australia Bank.
On the New York Mercantile Exchange, light, sweet crude futures for delivery in July CLN7, -0.07% traded at $44.70 a barrel, down 3 cents in the Globex electronic session. August Brent crude LCOQ7, +0.09% on London's ICE Futures exchange largely unchanged at $47.03 a barrel.
July Nymex reformulated gasoline blendstock RBN7, +0.34% was flat at $1.43 a gallon and diesel was up 0.2% to $1.41, while ICE gasoil rose 0.2% to $419.50 a metric ton.
With global inventories still high and U.S. output increasing, the decision by OPEC and Russia to prolong their production cutback plans through March next year has come under fire.
Calling it an “error”, Bjarne Schieldrop, chief commodities analyst at SEB Markets, said the decision would only stoke U.S. production higher.
Still, some say as declining oil prices could help weed out the high-cost producers in the U.S. and hopefully dampen output.
“Talk that some shale producers have seen their price hedges roll off may lead to a slowing in U.S. production,” said Stuart Ive, a client manager at OM Financial.
He's only just begun to write.
President Obama announced Monday that he'll deliver his farewell address to the nation next week in his hometown of Chicago.
“I'm just beginning to write me remarks,” Obama said in a letter to supporters, ahead of the speech, which is scheduled for Tuesday, Jan. 10, at the McCormick Place Convention Center in the Windy City.
“But I'm thinking about them as a chance to say thank you for this amazing journey, to celebrate the ways you've changed this country for the better these past eight years, and to offer some thoughts on where we all go from here,” he added.
Obama said the good-bye speech is a tradition dating back to the country's first president.
“In 1796, as George Washington set the precedent for a peaceful, democratic transfer of power, he also set a precedent by penning a farewell address to the American people,” the outgoing president wrote to supporters.
Obama lauded his supporters facing challenges over the last eight years and “com[ing] through them stronger.”
“That's because we have never let go of a belief that has guided us ever since our founding — our conviction that, together, we can change this country for the better,” he said.
Video
reveal which way they went.
This video has been optimised for mobile viewing on the BBC News app. The BBC News app is available from the Apple App Store for iPhone and Google Play Store for Android.
The European Union will consider offering the U.K. “improved equivalence” for financial services after Brexit, according to the bloc's latest negotiating guidelines, a system Britain has rejected as “wholly inadequate.”
It's not clear what "improved" would mean. What is clear is that the EU is rejecting the U.K.'s bid for its banks to have access to the EU on the basis of mutual recognition of rules. U.K. institutions would only be able to trade in the EU if British rules are deemed equivalent by the EU -- a unilateral approval that can be withdrawn at short notice.
Equivalence means accepting rules without having a say in making them -- something the U.K. government and its banks reject.
“Regarding financial services, the aim should be reviewed and improved equivalence mechanisms, allowing appropriate access to financial services markets, while preserving financial stability, the integrity of the single market and the autonomy of decision making in the European Union,” reads the draft, obtained by Bloomberg.
“Equivalence mechanisms and decisions remain defined and implemented on a unilateral basis by the European Union,” it says.
The addition is in an annex to the draft guidelines and will be discussed by EU ministers meeting on Tuesday. Earlier drafts didn't mention financial services explicitly although they made clear that the trade agreement the EU intends to strike with the U.K. wouldn't make special provisions for services.
U.K. banks and the government have long given up hopes of retaining passporting rights -- the single market access that allows them to trade across borders. But they are now pushing for a system of mutual recognition. They want a set of rules that are more durable and not subject to unilateral withdrawal.
Read more: Britain's Bid to Keep Post-Brexit Access for Banks: QuickTake
Chancellor of the Exchequer Philip Hammond has tried to make the case that a good deal on financial services, which allows the City of London to remain a financial hub, is in both sides' interest. He also argues that any trade deal with the EU that excluded services wouldn't be fair. He has described equivalence as “wholly inadequate,” saying any arrangement has to be “reciprocal” and “reliable.”
But the EU has said the U.K.'s decision to leave the single market means it can't pick and choose the bits of the EU internal market where it wants to maintain access. It argues that financial stability is at stake, as well as the integrity of the single market.
Read more: City of London Doesn't Want the Kind of Trade Deal May Cites
Dear John: I am almost 62, living in my parents' house, no benefits, no 401(k).
When available, I wash dishes at a local catering hall and help a contractor with home fixes and cement work.
Here's the thing. I can barely afford my cell phone bill, car insurance and gas. I can't even pay my parents room and board, or have spending money.
I have 32 years as a senior mainframe programmer analyst. I've been out of work since March 2014.
All I hear is people asking why I am out of work so long.
Is my age an issue? Is this the new breed of hiring managers? Maybe too many positions are outsourced.
If I were looking at someone in my situation, I would hire that person in a heartbeat, considering my experience, history, etc.
How can I get back into work? I am even willing to take a huge pay cut to prove myself. Thanks in advance. E.F.
Dear E.F.: I could offer you a pep talk. Or maybe guess at why you aren't able to find a job.
But I'll do something better.
Is there anyone out there who is willing to hire a person with loads of experience as a senior mainframe programmer analyst at an attractively low salary? Drop me a line, and I will put you in touch with E.F.
Let's see if this works.
Dear John: In a recent column you stated that: “Under normal circumstances the Federal Reserve will coax rates higher whenever it wants. But the Fed doesn't have that luxury these days. If it raises rates, then it will cost the government — the world's biggest borrower — a lot more money, and our country's debt will soar.”
The debt is over $20 trillion! It can't be paid back, yet countries, corporations and individuals keep lending, and the US keeps borrowing and spending.
If the US debt soars as you said, at what point does it become a major crisis? When do lenders lose confidence in the US as a debtor nation? If so, what happens when it finally “hits the fan”? Thank you. M.M.
Dear M.M.: The answer to all those questions is: Nobody knows.
But you are already seeing the effects of our addiction to debt. Congress and the president can't do anything without taking a page from a housewife on a budget.
And if we decided to take action against, say, the Chinese, they will threaten to stop buying our bonds.
And that — whether the Fed likes it or not — will cause interest rates to rise.
In short, we are putting the independence of our country at stake.
If the rest of the world looks more dangerous to investors than the US does, maybe we will skate by. But are we willing to take that chance?
When your kids are old enough, ask them if they mind. Sometimes when you kick the can, you end up kicking the next generation in the rear.
I don't agree with the Big Sean hate, honestly I think he is a little underrated and he always brings it with classic albums, good features, Bars for days, good beats, and he always brings it on stage.
Yo Put some Respeck on Sean Don
Hey but I have to tell you about it anyway, via XXL click the link and find out how twitter reacted and picked apart BIG Sean's Lyrics on Sean and Metro Booming's Album
Double or Nothing
http:/www.xxlmag.com/news/2017/12/twitter-reacts-big-sean-double-or-nothing/
Subscribe to my Youtube channel.
#Iamsomebody Daily
(Podcast)
Follow me on all my Social Media
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCpqicA2v8jLYV8-fg5dYvhA
https://www.instagram.com/deuceonair/
Remember We Are #Iamsomebody.
Also On 101.1 The Wiz:
PAHO/WHO issues MMR vaccination advisory ahead of World Cup
The Pan American Health Organization/World Health Organization [PAHO/WHO] has recommended that all those travelling to the 2018 FIFA World Cup ensure that they´re up-to-date with all their vaccinations, including the measles, mumps and rubella [MMR] vaccine.
The 2018 World Cup will be hosted this year by Russia between June 14 and July 15.
According to a statement issued yesterday by the body, the increase in international travel and the mass movement of people during events such as the World Cup increases the risk of transmission of diseases. Such travel could also increase the likelihood of travellers returning to their countries with diseases such as measles, which is highly contagious and can have grave consequences on the health of unvaccinated populations.
“We recommend that people get vaccinated at least 15 days prior to travel,” said Cuauhtémoc Ruiz Matus, Head of the Comprehensive Family Immunization Unit at PAHO, who added, “Those travelling to Russia should make sure that their vaccines are up-to-date, particularly those that protect against measles and rubella.”
Last year, the number of new cases of measles in Europe quadrupled, infecting 22,360 people and leading to 36 deaths. In the first three months of 2018, Europe reported more than 18,000 cases of measles. France, Greece, Serbia and Ukraine are the countries with the highest number of cases. Russia reported more than 600 cases.
Around one million people from all over the world are expected to travel to the World Cup. Of the 32 countries that will participate in the World Cup, 28 have reported cases of measles this year.
In 2018, as of the last Measles and Rubella Bulletin issued May 19, 11 countries reported 1,194 confirmed cases of measles in the Region of the Americas: Antigua and Barbuda (one case), Argentina (three cases), Brazil (173 cases), Canada (11 cases), Colombia (25 cases), Ecuador (seven cases), Guatemala (one case), Mexico (four cases), Peru (two cases), United States of America (63 cases), and Venezuela (904 cases).
This is higher than the four countries that registered a total of 895 cases for all of 2017: Argentina (three cases), Canada (45 cases), United States of America (120 cases) and Venezuela (727 cases).
The region was declared free from endemic rubella in 2015 and measles in 2016. This followed a 22-year effort that included the mass vaccination of 450 million children, adolescents and adults under the age of 40 from all over the continent between 2003 and 2009. However, imported cases and recent outbreaks in some countries have put these achievements at risk.
“Maintaining the elimination of measles, rubella and congenital rubella syndrome in the Americas requires a vaccination coverage rate of at least 95 percent, as well as swift action to detect imported cases and break the chain of transmission,” affirmed Ruiz Matus.
WHO/PAHO has been issuing warnings about the situation since May 2017, calling on countries to maintain high levels of vaccination coverage, strengthen surveillance, and urgently put into place measures to respond to suspected cases.
During Vaccination Week in the Americas in April, and within the framework of the 2018 World Cup, PAHO underscored the urgent need to protect against vaccine-preventable diseases.
As part of Vaccination Week initiatives, 11 countries announced their intentions to strengthen immunization programmes through the vaccination of six million people against measles.
Rising Reggae Star, Meleku and Trinidadian Soca Sensation Orlando Octave Added to “Life Of A Ghetto Youth” Tour Lineup
Fort Lauderdale – International Reggae artist Sizzla Kalonji, alongside Reggae stars Marlon Asher Pressure Busspipe and Ras Shiloh brought high energy, positive vibes and the message of peace, love and unity to Florida, with the launch of the “Life Of A Ghetto Youth” tour.
The eight-city tour, presented by Vas Productions, kicked off in Fort Lauderdale on Saturday, June 10 at Central Broward Stadium before continuing to St. Petersburg at Jannus Live on Sunday, June 11.
Fans and fellow artists including Spragga Benz from Jamaica and Vaughn Benjamin from the USVI USVI were out in full force to show their support for this movement of Caribbean unity, through conscious Reggae music.
The Life Of A Ghetto Youth mission is simple, its purpose is to elevate conscious Reggae in a way that's never been done before. The artists shared anecdotes of their experiences with ‘life in the ghetto' though freestyles sets during their spirited and uplifting performances.
Following the successful reception of the groundbreaking U.S. tour in Florida, the movement is growing by two. Sizzla's son and rising Reggae star, Meleku and Trinidadian Soca sensation Orlando Octave have also been added to the tour's North Carolina and Georgia legs, representing the next generation of Conscious, Caribbean music.
“To have the likes of Marlon Asher, Orlando Octave, Pressure BussPipe, Ras Shiloh, Sizzla and the young Meleku, all on one stage is something magnificent. Reggae music is the music you want your kids to grow up listening to. It is the foundation. For older generations Sizzla was the magnet. We gravitated to Conscious Reggae under his order. The younger generations need conscious music as well. Hopefully Meleku can be one of the flag bearers for the next generation of Reggae music ,” said Vychalle Singh of VAS Productions.
The “Life Of A Ghetto Youth” tour is so much more than a series of concerts. It is about promoting and elevating peace and unity as a direct response to ongoing crime in communities throughout the Caribbean and around the world. It's also an opportunity to combine community outreach and music by using the success of the Sizzla Youth Foundation as the blueprint.
Since 2010, the Sizzla Youth Foundation has turned around a neighborhood in Jamaica once plagued by poverty and crime. 2016 marked the first year there was not a single murder in the August Town neighborhood. The community credits Sizzla's continued and undeterred efforts as a major factor.
The “Life of a Ghetto Youth” tour aims to repeat that success on a much larger scale. Through targeted appearances and performances in cities along the tour, the artists will use the music that was birthed in the ghettos of the Caribbean to inspire conscious change.
The tour is a precursor to the “Life Of A Ghetto Youth” album. The project, produced by VAS Productions, features an 18-track collection of brands new Reggae hits including “Ghetto Story,” “Rough Love,” “Mary Jane” and “Home Away” performed by the talented group of artists who will represent the best of the Caribbean's Reggae industry and will carry on the spirit of community activism, peace and unity. The “Life Of A Ghetto Youth” album is now available for pre-order on iTunes. The official album release is set for July 7th.
Vas Productions partnered with Ganja Farmer Official, the apparel and lifestyle brand by Reggae artist Marlon Asher and inspired by his hit song “Ganja Farmer,” to create exclusive “Life Of A Ghetto Youth” tour T-Shirts, 100 percent organic hemp soaps and other branded products.
As the multi-city promotional tour continues to roll out, Reggae fans can expect blazing sets from all the tour headliners as they perform their catalogue of chart-topping hits to thrill audiences from the East Coast to the West Coast.
Author Toure Muhammad is the head bean, publisher and chief strategist of Bean Soup Times. The Morehouse graduate has written front page cover stories for The Final Call and N'digo. He has been featured in the Chicago Reader, Upscale magazine, rolling out newspaper, and N'Digo magapaper. He's been featured on Tavis Smiley's radio show on NPR, on Chicago's WBEZ (Chicago public radio), and many other radio shows.
WASHINGTON (AP) — The National Rifle Association has joined the Trump administration and top congressional Republicans in a swift and surprising embrace of a restriction on Americans' guns, though a narrow one: to regulate the “bump stock” devices the Las Vegas shooter apparently used to horrifically lethal effect.
The devices, originally intended to help people with disabilities, fit over the stock and grip of a semi-automatic rifle and allow the weapon to fire continuously, some 400 to 800 rounds in a single minute. Bump stocks were found among the gunman's weapons and explain why victims in Las Vegas heard what sounded like automatic-weapons fire as the shooter rained bullets from a casino high-rise, slaughtering 58 people in a concert below and wounding hundreds more.
Thursday's sudden endorsements of controls came almost simultaneously from the NRA and the White House.
The NRA, which famously opposes virtually any hint of new restrictions, said in a statement: “The National Rifle Association is calling on the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives (BATFE) to immediately review whether these devices comply with federal law. The NRA believes that devices designed to allow semi-automatic rifles to function like fully automatic rifles should be subject to additional regulations.”
Moments after, at the White House, press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders praised the announcement.
“We welcome that and a conversation on that,” Sanders said. “It's something we're very open to.”
House Speaker Paul Ryan added his support, as have other top Republicans.
“Obviously we need to look at how we can tighten up the compliance with this law so that fully automatic weapons are banned,” the Wisconsin Republican told reporters at an event in Chestertown, Maryland.
It was a rare concession for all concerned. The nation's largest gun lobby and most Republicans have stood firmly in recent years against stricter gun regulations, even as one mass shooting after another horrified the nation. They blocked background check legislation after the shooting deaths of elementary school children in Connecticut in 2012, and took no action despite intense pressure from Democrats, including a House floor sit-in, after last year's bloodbath at the Pulse nightclub in Orlando, Florida. Even gunfire that left House Majority Whip Steve Scalise near death at a baseball practice earlier this year didn't change the equation.
But this time, the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history, combined with the opportunity to back a limited change that could potentially be accomplished administratively, spurred a shift.
Robert Spitzer, chairman of the political science department at SUNY Cortland, who watches the gun industry closely, said he was surprised.
Still, he said, “it's a pretty small concession in the realm of gun stuff. We're not talking about banning assault weapons here. It's a very specific accessory.”
The device, which retails for around $200, is not known among gun dealers as an item that is hugely popular. It was created ostensibly to help people with disabilities more easily fire AK- and AR-platform long guns.
The device causes the gun to buck back and forth, repeatedly “bumping” the trigger against the shooter's finger. Technically, that means the finger is pulling the trigger for each round fired, keeping the weapon a legal semi-automatic. Because it creates a significant rocking motion it also means that the gun is “spraying” bullets and it's difficult to hit a target.
The stocks have been around for less than a decade. Many Capitol Hill Republicans said this week they had never even heard of them before the shooting in Las Vegas. The Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms during the Obama administration gave its seal of approval to their sale in 2010 after concluding that they did not violate federal law.
Now, some Republicans appear inclined to blame the Obama administration for allowing their use in the first place.
“We have to get more education on what they are,” Ryan said. “Was it a regulatory misstep by ATF some years ago?”
The issue of bump stocks came up aboard Air Force One as President Donald Trump traveled back from visiting Las Vegas on Wednesday, according to GOP Rep. Mark Amodei of Nevada, who was on board and said Trump sounded open to a change.
But Democrats insisted that a regulatory change by the ATF would not be sufficient.
“Federal regulations won't be able to fully close this loophole,” said Sen. Dianne Feinstein of California, who introduced a bill this week to ban the devices. “Legislation would make crystal clear that Congress is banning all devices that allow a weapon to achieve an automatic rate of fire, regardless of how a weapon is altered.”
It was uncertain whether Congress would go that far.
At the same time, the attention on the devices was already causing an industry response. Slide Fire, the leading maker of bump stocks, suspended sales of the items. In a post on its website, the company said it was not taking any new orders “to provide the best service with those already placed.”
Melissa Etheridge likes to smoke marijuana with her family, she revealed as part of Yahoo's Weed & the American Family project, previewed by People.
The 55-year-old described smoking with her children, Bailey, who is 20, Beckett, who is 18.
“I have smoked with my older two,” Etheridge told Yahoo. “It was funny at first, and then they realized, it's a very natural, end-of-the-day [thing] … And it brings you much closer. I'd much rather have a smoke with my grown kids than a drink — oh, God, no.”
WILLIE NELSON ROLLING OUT MARIJUANA BRAND
She said her 10-year-old twins also know about her marijuana use.
“My children have a very clear understanding of cannabis,” she told Yahoo. “When I hold it without shame or confusion, then they can understand it as simple as if I was pointing to a bottle of Percocet and said, ‘That's Mama's medicine.' You take the naughtiness out of it, and it's not something that kids run to.”
Etheridge said she also lights up with wife Linda Wallem.
“Cannabis is the best marital aid,” she said. “When it's date night … It takes down your inhibition; your sexual desires are enhanced. We take a bath every night and smoke and talk and wind down and sleep a very, very good night sleep — and sleep is extremely important.”
On a busy Monday, the Jets signed linebacker Brandon Copeland, a four-year NFL veteran who missed the entire 2017 season with a torn pectoral muscle. Copeland, 26, was with the Lions in 2015 and 2016, playing in all 32 games, with one start.
An Ivy League product out of Penn, Copeland's grandfather, Roy Hilton, played 11 seasons in the NFL and lined up for the Colts when they were stunned by the Jets in Super Bowl III.
“He played defensive end against Joe Namath and all those guys,” Copeland said. “I know he's going to be very proud of his grandson, and now my job is to continue to make him proud.”
Copeland was undrafted and spent time with the Ravens and the Titans' practice squads and also played with the Orlando Predators in the Arena Football League. He figures to fill a special teams role with the Jets.
“I'm a guy that's had a roller-coaster ride of a career, so part of that battle, for me, is being in a place where I feel like they value me,” Copeland told the Jets website. “From the jump, the Jets played no games letting me know and making sure I understood that.”
This past week, Keaton Jones went viral when his mom, Kimberly Jones, posted a video of him crying about being bullied.
The emotional video, which was posted December 8, got waves of support from celebrities like LeBron James, Mark Ruffalo, Chris Brown, and T.I. Chris Evans of Captain America fame even offered Keaton and his mom an invite to The Avengers: Infinity War premiere in LA next year. A GoFundMe page was also started to support Keaton and it's since raised over $58,000.
Things took a turn for Keaton's story when it was revealed that his mom posted multiple images with confederate flags on her Facebook page.
That viral video of #KeatonJones talking about being bullied is heartbreaking, and I feel sympathetic towards that child.
But his mom, Kimberly on the other hand, is a suspected racist who makes very problematic posts bullying Black protesters #TheIrony pic.twitter.com/NUhidunP8z — Tariq Nasheed (@tariqnasheed) December 11, 2017
Now folks are questioning Kimberly's motives for posting the video of her son. There's even talk that Keaton himself might have used the N-word and that's what caused some of the bullying.
Meanwhile, other kids are being bullied across the country and have faced little support compared to Keaton. Ashawnty Davis was a 10-year-old Black girl who was bullied to the point where she hung herself. After nearly two weeks on life support she died on November 29, 2017.
Keaton Jones has now made bullying a popular topic..
Why didn't I see the celebrities post a lot about Ashawnty Davis the 10 year old girl that hung herself that was being bullied? 🤔 pic.twitter.com/LTZ4xsefVH — Jemisha (@JemiSHaaaZzz) December 11, 2017
Ashawnty's GoFundMe page took ten days to raise over $10,000, while Keaton's raised over $58,000 in just two days. Twitter couldn't help but notice the difference between the support Ashawnty received and the support Keaton got. Swipe through to read more of what people had to say.
1 2 3 4 5 6 7Next page »
Also On 101.1 The Wiz:
The band delivered a touching tribute to several icons who've died in the past couple of years — David Bowie, Prince, George Michael, Soundgarden's Chris Cornell and Linkin Park's Chester...
Fires that raged in the south of France and Corsica this weekend were under control on Monday morning, officials said. A man has been charged with starting five fires on the French Mediterranean island.
The 55-year-old man, who was arrested on Friday night, was charged with arson, driving without a licence and under the influence of alcohol and possession of an offensive weapon on Sunday evening.
He was suspected of starting five fires near Bastia in the north of the island.
Two other fires, which have destroyed about 2,000 hectares on the island since Friday, were no longer a threat to residents or their homes, local official Gérard Gavory told France Info radio on Monday.
They were no longer spreading but firefighters were still fighting flames on the edges, which could be dangerous if strong winds were to blow up, a statement said.
Although they have caused no injuries or damage to property, they were expected to represent a danger for several more days, according to Gavory.
Some 150 firefighters were battling another fire near Calvi, on the west of the island, on Monday.
Monks evacuated near Avignon
Although there has been no repetition of last month's huge fires in mainland France, flames raged over about 30 hectares at Gordes, near Avignon, on Sunday.
About 200 tourists and monks at the 12th-century monastery at Sénanque were evacuated, although there was no damage to the historic building.
More than 150 firefighters were still trying to put out the last of the blaze on Monday morning.
The blaze was started after an traffic accident caused a car to burst into flames on Sunday.
Another fire near Nice destroyed 70 hectares of forest on Sunday and was not yet under control on Sunday.
More than 9,000 hectares of forest and brush have been destroyed by wildfires in south-east France and Corsica since mid-July.
Several people have been charged with arson in the south-east.
The authorities have also warned that carelessness by members of the public, notably smokers who throw away cigarettes without putting them out, is a constant danger.
FILE - In this April 3, 2018, file photo, Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Scott Pruitt speaks at a news conference at the EPA in Washington. New internal documents say a sweep for hidden listening devices in Pruitt's office was shoddy and wasn't properly certified under U.S. government practices Andrew Harnik, File AP Photo
0:55 PETA says go vegan for your valentine Pause
1:43 CMS School Board comments on recent ICE raids
14:47 Family looks for answers after Josue Diaz fatal shooting
1:28 Fear among Charlotte's immigrants
1:30 Super Bowl 51: Players to Watch
1:04 Statesville Avenue developments
2:43 Tax reassessment: A boon for Trump National Golf Club and a loss for North Carolina county
0:34 Nice day to get a Valentine
2:52 Dan DiMicco is Trump trade adviser
From Richie Murray
DUQUOIN, Ill. (December 10, 2017) — Clauson Marshall Racing, Keith Kunz/Curb-Agajanian Motorsports and Tucker/Boat Motorsports have all filed their entries for the Saturday, December 16 “Junior Knepper 55” USAC Midget “Special Event” indoors at the Southern Illinois Center in Du Quoin.
CMR has entered six cars for the event, including the driver who won the very first “Knepper 55” in 2015, Ricky Stenhouse, Jr. of Olive Branch, Mississippi. Stenhouse won twice, at Talladega Speedway and Daytona International Speedway, on the NASCAR Monster Energy Cup circuit in 2017 and is one of just eight drivers to win a NASCAR Cup, USAC Silver Crown, USAC AMSOIL National Sprint and USAC National Midget race in his career, joining Mario Andretti, A. J. Foyt, Jeff Gordon, Kyle Larson, Ryan Newman, Ken Schrader, and Tony Stewart.
His teammates include 2017 USAC Most Improved Driver and 2016 “Knepper 55” winner Tyler Courtney of Indianapolis, Indiana, plus Ione, California's Justin Grant, the winner of the most recent race at the Southern Illinois Center, March's “Shamrock Classic,” and Shane Golobic of Fremont, California, winner of the Shamrock Classic in 2016.
In fact, CMR's head wrenches Tim Clauson and Tyler Ransbottom were a part of the winning team in all four of USAC's appearances at the Southern Illinois Center. Joining those previous winners for the upcoming race are 2017 Don Basile “Turkey Night Grand Prix” Rookie of the Race Zeb Wise of Angola, Indiana as well as King of the West/NARC standout Gio Scelzi of Fresno, California.
Keith Kunz/Curb-Agajanian Motorsports has entered three cars for the “Knepper 55.” Two of which will be driven by a pair of drivers who own three of the last five NASCAR Camping World Truck Series championships.
Norman, Oklahoma's Christopher Bell needs no introduction to midget racing fans. The 2013 USAC National Midget champ recently wrapped up the NASCAR Truck title, then proceeded to travel to Ventura, California to win the “Turkey Night Grand Prix.” On the other hand, Matt Crafton of Tulare, California has made over 400 starts in the NASCAR Truck Series, but the “Knepper 55” will mark the two-time NASCAR Truck champ's initial midget start. Lincoln, California's Tanner Carrick rounds out the team's driver lineup. Carrick was honored last Friday as the USAC National Midget Rookie of the Year.
Phoenix, Arizona' Chad Boat, a three-time winner on the USAC National Midget trail in 2017, will partner up with Bixby, Oklahoma's Tanner Berryhill on a two-car Tucker-Boat Motorsports team.
The Knepper family is once again sponsoring FREE entry for competitors to enter their midgets for the Saturday, December 16th “Junior Knepper 55” USAC Special Event at the Southern Illinois Center in Du Quoin, Illinois.
After visiting https://usacracing.ticketspice.com/2017-knepper-car-entry, use the coupon code “KNEPPER” to enter your car for the race at no charge. The offer expires Sunday, December 10th, 2017. The complete pre-entry list for the event will be published the following day, Monday, December 11th.
Additionally, tickets are now on sale for the 3rd annual “Junior Knepper 55” at http://www.usactickets.com/. The race will serve as the final event of the 2017 USAC racing season. Adult general admission tickets are available for just $18 in advance compared to the $20 price at the gate on race day.
Furthermore, on http://www.usactickets.com/, you may order your “Junior Knepper 55” event t-shirt now for just $25. Sizes small through 4XL are available, but make sure to get yours soon while supplies last.
The event carries no points toward the USAC National Midget season championship, but has quickly become one of the most coveted races to win on the series calendar, annually boasting a large car count and a star-studded field to boot.
The 55-lap event honors the memory of one of USAC's most accomplished car owners – Walter “Junior” Knepper of Belleville, Illinois – whose famed yellow number 55 midgets and sprint cars raced to 58 career USAC feature victories, including 34 in Sprints and 24 in Midgets, with drivers Bob Wente, Tom Bigelow, Mel Kenyon, George Snider, Dana Carter, Rich Vogler and his son Steve Knepper.
Nick Knepper, grandson of Junior and son of 13-time USAC National Midget winner Steve Knepper, will promote the event along with Derek LeMaster.
Cars are scheduled to hit the track at 4pm (Central). A format utilizing passing points will be used to seed the feature lineups.
The event will be streamed LIVE on http://www.SpeedShiftTV.com/. You can also catch on-demand coverage of the event a day after the race on http://www.Loudpedal.TV/.
53 CARS ENTERED AS OF DECEMBER 9, 2017:
CAR # / DRIVER / HOMETOWN / TEAM
0 KEVIN WOODY, JR./Victor, NY (Buckwalter Motorsports)
0B MIKE McSPARIN/Stonefort, IL (Mike McSparin)
1cc CLAYTON CHRISTENSEN/Spencer, IA (Jody Rosenboom Racing)
1ST SHANE COTTLE/Kokomo, IN (Daryl Saucier/Shane Hmiel)
1T TONY RONEY/Herculaneum, MO (Tony Roney)
3 ALEX WATSON/Columbus, OH (3W Racing)
3B AUSTIN BLAIR/St. Louis, MO (Jim Neuman)
3N JAKE NEUMAN/New Berlin, IL (Jim Neuman)
3s BRIAN SHIRLEY/Chatham, IL (Jim Neuman)
5 CHASE BRISCOE/Mitchell, IN (Chase Briscoe Racing)
5c COLTEN COTTLE/Kansas, IL (Rick Cottle)
5x DANNY FRYE/St. Charles, MO (Danny Frye Motorsports)
6D DON DAWSON II/Indianola, IA (Don Dawson II)
7 GIO SCELZI/Fresno, CA (Clauson Marshall Racing)
7BC TYLER COURTNEY/Indianapolis, IN (Clauson Marshall Racing)
7JR J.D. BLACK/Grain Valley, MO (J.D. Black)
7K JUSTIN PECK/Monrovia, IN (Kenny & Reva Irwin)
9JR DEREK HAGAR/Marion, AR (Hagar/Proctor Racing)
9K KYLE SCHUETT/Philo, IL (Schuett Racing)
11 BRENT BEAUCHAMP/Fairland, IN (Brent Beauchamp)
12w BILLY WEASE/Noblesville, IN (Amanda Wease)
14R JODY ROSENBOOM/Rock Rapids, IA (Jody Rosenboom Racing)
15m SHANE MORGAN/Morton, IL (Morgan Motorsports)
15s JIM PICARDI/Mapleton, IL (Morgan Motorsports)
17B TANNER BERRYHILL/Bixby, OK (Tucker/Boat Motorsports)
17BC RICKY STENHOUSE, JR./Olive Branch, MS (Clauson Marshall Racing)
17w SHANE GOLOBIC/Fremont, CA (Clauson Marshall Racing/Matt Wood)
18 TONY BRUCE, JR./Liberal, KS (Tony Bruce, Jr.)
21 CHRISTOPHER BELL/Norman, OK (Keith Kunz/Curb-Agajanian Motorsports)
23LL LEE LENGEL/Wellsville, KS (Lee Lengel)
25p DYLAN PETERSON/Sioux Falls, SD (Vance Peterson)
25s ALEX SCHRIEVER/Sioux Falls, SD (Vance Peterson)
29 JOEY MOUGHAN/Springfield, IL (Tom Casson)
32 TREY MARCHAM/Newcastle, OK (Trey Marcham)
32x NICK HAMILTON/Danville, IN (Nick Hamilton)
D33 JACOB PATTON/Bethalto, IL (Jeff & Jill Davis)
35 TYLER ROBBINS/Bethalto, IL (Tyler Robbins)
39 ZEB WISE/Angola, IN (Clauson Marshall Racing)
39BC JUSTIN GRANT/Ione, CA (Clauson Marshall Racing)
41 HOWARD MOORE/Memphis, TN (Chris Chappue)
50 DANIEL ADLER/St. Louis, MO (Adler Motorsports)
55D NICK DRAKE/Sherrills Ford, NC (Troy Cline)
56x MARK CHISHOLM/Cheyenne, WY (Fifty6x Race Team)
57D DANIEL ROBINSON/Ewing, IL (McCreery Motorsports)
66 TBA (Amati Racing)
67 MATT CRAFTON/Tulare, CA (Keith Kunz/Curb-Agajanian Motorsports)
71K TANNER CARRICK/Lincoln, CA (Keith Kunz/Curb-Agajanian Motorsports)
77u CHRIS URISH/Elkhart, IL (Tom Casson)
84 CHAD BOAT/Phoenix, AZ (Tucker/Boat Motorsports)
88 TERRY BABB/Harristown, IL (Terry Babb)
91 TYLER NELSON/Kansas City, KS (Harris Racing)
93K RILEY KREISEL/Warsaw, MO (DKR Motorsports)
95 CHRIS ANDREWS/Tulsa, OK (Miller Racing)
New England Patriots tight end Rob Gronkowski (87) warms up during a practice Friday in Minneapolis. The Patriots are scheduled to face the Philadelphia Eagles in the NFL Super Bowl 52 on Sunday. Mark Humphrey AP
Majestic Big Sur is accessible again after Highway 1 landslides From the rocky coastline to sky-high redwoods, and every peak of the Santa Lucia mountain range in between, Big Sur hardly seems real, much less a part of the United...
This 9-year-old is about to be the biggest star on television What were you doing when you were 9-years-old? Certainly not starring in your own TV show. Consider the incredible journey of Iain Armitage. The young actor, seen most recently in...
The Emmys were a girl-power extravaganza Emmy loved the ladies tonight. In a stunning victory for streaming TV and for politicized drama, “The Handmaid's Tale” won awards for Best Drama Series, Best Actress (Elizabeth Moss), Best...
Emmy-nominated Shailene Woodley doesn't own a TV Well, that's an awkward thing to say at the Emmys. At the Sunday-night awards show, Shailene Woodley told E! that she's too cool for TV. “I haven't had a TV...
It's anybody's game at this year's Emmys Last year's Emmy nominations were dominated by “Game of Thrones,” which garnered 24 nods and ended up winning 12 Emmy Awards. This year, the HBO juggernaut is not eligible, since...
How TV miniseries are solving Hollywood's woman problem It's a good time to be a woman on TV — in premium scripted dramas, at least. In the past several months, we have been treated to a rich display...
Meet the season's five best TV scene stealers Ron Cephas Jones, “This Is Us” In looking for an actor to play William Hill, the biological father of Randall Pearson (Sterling K. Brown), the producers of “This Is Us”...
Revenge and murder will haunt 'Big Little Lies' season finale Big Little Lies Sunday, 9 p.m., HBO Sunday night's finale of “Big Little Lies” is one of most anxiously anticipated of the year. Who has Jane Chapman (Shailene Woodley) been...
The U.S. economy shed 33,000 jobs in September, according to the latest report from the Bureau of Labor Statistics, while unemployment fell to 4.2 percent.
The September payrolls drop broke a nearly 7-year streak of continuous job gains. But economists caution that the drop is likely representing the short-term consequences of bad weather, not a long-term shift in the job market.
Before this report, the economy had added an average of about 175,000 jobs per month; the unemployment rate has been at 4.3 or 4.4 percent since April.
Job growth in September was expected to be lower than usual because of the effects of several devastating hurricanes. Economists did not generally predict an actual decline, but a not-so-stellar report was widely anticipated.
"Hurricane Irma, in particular, occurred during the period when the Labor Department surveys job growth," reports NPR's Jim Zarroli. "So it's likely to have an especially big impact."
The Bureau of Labor Statistics agrees that hurricanes Harvey and Irma are the "likely" cause of a "sharp employment decline" in restaurant jobs, as well as low growth in other job fields.
People who have jobs but weren't paid during the survey period don't count as "employed" in the BLS statistics. That would include, for instance, a restaurant worker who is paid hourly and could not work for an extended period because of a storm.
The acting commissioner provided more context in a statement issued with the report.
"In September, 1.5 million workers had a job but were not at work for the entire reference week due to bad weather, the highest level for this series over the past 20 years," William Wiatrowski wrote. "This series is highly sensitive to the timing of weather events."
Not all the data were similarly affected. For instance, the storms had "no discernible effect" on the unemployment rate, the bureau says.
Stuart Hoffman, a senior economic advisor at PNC Financial Services, told Jim the effects of the storms are likely to be temporary, and the job market should recover by the end of the year.
The September jobs report also adjusted revised job growth in July and August downward; with those revisions, 38,000 fewer jobs were added this summer than had been previously reported.
Job growth has now averaged 91,000 jobs monthly for the past 3 months, the BLS says.
A woman covering her face with a mask for protection from the smoke, stands near the high-rise apartment building where a massive fire raged, in London, Wednesday, June 14, 2017. A deadly night-time fire raced through a 24-story apartment tower in London early Wednesday, killing at least six people and injuring dozens more. (AP Photo/Frank Augstein)
In this image made from video provided by Celeste Thomas @MAMAPIE, a building is on fire in London, Wednesday, June 14, 2017. Firefighters are battling a massive fire in an apartment high-rise in London. One side of the building appeared to be in flames. (Celeste Thomas @MAMAPIE via AP)
In this image made from video provided by Mischa Saag, onlookers watch a building on fire in London, Wednesday, June 14, 2017. Firefighters are battling a massive fire in an apartment high-rise in London. (Mischa Saag via AP)
In this image made from video provided by Mischa Saag, a building is on fire in London, Wednesday, June 14, 2017. Firefighters are battling a massive fire in an apartment high-rise in London. (Mischa Saag via AP)
Smoke and flames rise from building on fire in London, Wednesday, June 14, 2017. Firefighters are battling a massive fire in an apartment high-rise in London. (AP Photo/Matt Dunham)
Smoke and flames rise from a building on fire in London, Wednesday, June 14, 2017. Metropolitan Police in London say they're continuing to evacuate people from a massive apartment fire in west London. The fire has been burning for more than three hours and stretches from the second to the 27th floor of the building.(AP Photo/Matt Dunham)
Smoke and flames rise from a building on fire in London, Wednesday, June 14, 2017. Metropolitan Police in London say they're continuing to evacuate people from a massive apartment fire in west London. The fire has been burning for more than three hours and stretches from the second to the 27th floor of the building.(AP Photo/Matt Dunham)
Smoke and flames rise from a building on fire in London, Wednesday, June 14, 2017. Metropolitan Police in London say they're continuing to evacuate people from a massive apartment fire in west London. The fire has been burning for more than three hours and stretches from the second to the 27th floor of the building.(AP Photo/Matt Dunham)
A person peers out of a window from a building on fire in London, Wednesday, June 14, 2017. Metropolitan Police in London say they're continuing to evacuate people from a massive apartment fire in west London. The fire has been burning for more than three hours and stretches from the second to the 27th floor of the building.(AP Photo/Matt Dunham)
Smoke rises from a building on fire in London, Wednesday, June 14, 2017. Metropolitan Police in London say they're continuing to evacuate people from a massive apartment fire in west London. The fire has been burning for more than three hours and stretches from the second to the 27th floor of the building.(AP Photo/Matt Dunham)
Smoke rises from a building on fire in London, Wednesday, June 14, 2017. Metropolitan Police in London say they're continuing to evacuate people from a massive apartment fire in west London. The fire has been burning for more than three hours and stretches from the second to the 27th floor of the building.(AP Photo/Matt Dunham)
Smoke rises from a building on fire in London, Wednesday, June 14, 2017. A massive fire raced through the high-rise apartment building in west London early Wednesday. (AP Photo/Frank Augstein)
Smoke rises from a high-rise apartment building on fire in London, Wednesday, June 14, 2017. A massive fire raced through the 27-story high-rise apartment building in west London early Wednesday, sending at least 30 people to hospitals, emergency officials said. (AP Photo/Matt Dunham)
A resident in a nearby building watches smoke rise from a building on fire in London, Wednesday, June 14, 2017. A massive fire raced through the 27-story high-rise apartment building in west London early Wednesday, sending at least 30 people to hospitals, emergency officials said. (AP Photo/Matt Dunham)
Smoke rises from a building on fire in London, Wednesday, June 14, 2017. A massive fire raced through the 27-story high-rise apartment building in west London early Wednesday, sending at least 30 people to hospitals, emergency officials said. (AP Photo/Matt Dunham)
Smoke rises from a building on fire in London, Wednesday, June 14, 2017. A massive fire raced through the high-rise apartment building in west London early Wednesday, emergency officials said. (AP Photo/Matt Dunham)
Firefighters rest as they take a break in battling a massive fire that raged in a 27-floor high-rise apartment building in London, Wednesday, June 14, 2017. Fire swept through a high-rise apartment building in west London early Wednesday, killing an unknown number of people and sending more than 50 people to area hospitals. (AP Photo/Matt Dunham)
Smoke and flames billow from a massive fire that raged in a 27-floor high-rise apartment building in London, Wednesday, June 14, 2017. Fire swept through a high-rise apartment building in west London early Wednesday, killing an unknown number of people and sending more than 50 people to area hospitals. (AP Photo/Matt Dunham)
Firefighters rest as they take a break in battling a massive fire that raged in a high-rise apartment building in London, Wednesday, June 14, 2017. Fire swept through a high-rise apartment building in west London early Wednesday, killing an unknown number of people and sending more than 50 people to area hospitals. (AP Photo/Matt Dunham)
Burning debris falls from a massive fire that raged in a high-rise apartment building in London, Wednesday, June 14, 2017. A deadly night-time fire raced through a 24-story apartment tower in London early Wednesday, killing at least six people and injuring dozens more. (AP Photo/Matt Dunham)
MEMPHIS, Tenn. — Defense wins championships, and so can fearless freshmen.
Kentucky showed off both of those essential components in a commanding performance that has coach John Calipari and his Wildcats one win away from their fifth Final Four in seven years.
Second-seeded Kentucky and point guard De'Aaron Fox smothered No. 3 UCLA, 86-75, Friday night, winning their 14th straight game and advancing to Sunday's South Region final against No. 1 North Carolina at FedExForum.
The Wildcats ground the prolific Bruins top-ranked offensive attack into dust, holding them to 15 points below their season average, while having their way on the other end. In a matchup of highly touted freshman point guards, the lanky and electric Fox looked like the player who should be in the mix as the top choice in June's NBA draft, rather than Lonzo Ball, who announced his UCLA career was over after a loss in which he scored just 10 points and notched eight assists.
“I think [Fox was] motivated just to win because they beat us the first time, outfought us the first time,” said Kentucky freshman Malik Monk, playing down the one-on-one showdown. “He just did not want to lose, and we did not want to lose, either, so he kept scoring and we kept giving him the ball.”
Containing Ball at one end while dominating him at the other, Fox scored a career-high 39 points — the highest point total for a Kentucky player in the tournament since Tayshaun Prince scored 40 in 2002 — and Monk exploded for 14 of his 21 points after intermission. In the final minutes, while Ball was nowhere to be found on offense, Fox was putting away UCLA, slicing through their Charmin-soft defense, and finishing off one of the best performances in recent NCAA Tournament history.
“There's a reason he is who he is and he has the hype around him,” UCLA senior guard Bryce Alford said. “It's tough to stop a guy who has as good of a mid-range game as he does. That's a lost art in college basketball, and it's very hard to stop.”
There was more to this victory than the two freshmen guards.
Seniors Dominique Hawkins and Derek Willis both contributed in important ways, Hawkins with 11 points off the bench, Willis notching eight rebounds and providing important defense on the interior. Sophomore Isaiah Briscoe of Newark did the little things, grabbing seven rebounds and adding four assists.
Most of all, Kentucky's defense — which came up so big in the second-round win over No. 10 Wichita State — was the difference, better than the first meeting between the two teams, on Dec. 3, when UCLA won 97-92 at Rupp Arena.
UCLA (31-5) shot 52 percent from the field, and made 9-of-23 3-point attempts on the night, but they committed 13 turnovers, which led to 14 Kentucky (32-5) points. UCLA freshman T.J. Leaf scored 17 points, but just four in the second half.
“Today we really picked it up defensively,” Fox said. “That's why we won — not because of our scoring.”
The opening 4:44 of the second half was an offensive blur, 27 points scored between the two teams, three 3-pointers made, just three empty trips between the two teams in 14 possessions. It was the track meet everyone envisioned. But it didn't set up the memorable second half many had hoped for. UCLA couldn't match Kentucky's toughness or grit.
Kentucky, riding Monk's hot shooting and Fox's slashing, built a nine-point lead with 11:30 left. The two freshmen guards accounted for 21 of the Wildcats' first 24 points of the second half. And UCLA never produced the run many expected, getting only as close as four after that, unable to unleash its potent offensive attack.
“Sixteen assists, 13 turnovers, that's not who we are,” UCLA coach Steve Alford said.
For those vegans out there who love McDonald's but get tired of ordering just fries, you might be in luck.
The McVegan is here!
Or at least, it's soon arriving. According to Food and Wine, a select location in Tampere, Finland is testing the McVegan. It's available for a limited time from October 4 to November 21. If all goes well, these non-meat burgers could hit restaurants worldwide. That not all.
This burger, made with a soy patty, can be ordered with vegan fries, according to McDonald's Finland Marketing Director Christoffer Rönnblad. Twitter is already chiming in.
McVegan 😭😭😭😭 McDonald's just tryna find a way to kill everybody huh?! Like oh we lost vegans ?! McBET — OklahomaTittyThunder (@caramelapplchey) October 6, 2017
McDonald's is coming out with a McVegan burger… not like their burgers and nuggets Were made from real meat anyways — SoHo Eothawne (@BrodieXPG13) October 6, 2017
World – I've never seen a fat vegan.
McDonald's – Challenge accepted.#McVegan — Jason Williams (@jaswilliams81) October 6, 2017
LMAO THE MCVEGAN MY NIGGA ?! — Jord-E . (@kvshniggy) October 6, 2017
Okay but let's not call it a McVegan 💀 I don't wanna order and have everybody behind me talking shit like I won't pop off in Mickey D's — Cassius (@cruelcassius) October 6, 2017
Will you be ordering the McVegan? Let us know.
Also On 101.1 The Wiz:
It is rare, if not unheard of, for former intelligence experts to weigh in against the government in a major national-security case. But the Trump travel ban, to be argued Wednesday in the U.S. Supreme Court, has produced an astounding and bipartisan coalition of intelligence and national-security heavyweights, who are urging the court to strike down the ban.
It's astounding in terms of both numbers and gravitas. Among those lending their expertise to three friend-of-the-court briefs are more than 55 former officials from Republican and Democratic administrations, including CIA directors, national intelligence and counter-terrorism chiefs, top diplomats with long records working in the Middle East, secretaries of state, some two dozen top-ranked retired admirals and generals, a former Republican attorney general and even the Republican chairman of the 9/11 commission.
All are strongly condemning the Trump travel ban as an over-the-line use of presidential power, that is counter-productive, and antithetical to American values. The travel ban, "in addition to being unjust," has "actually made us less safe," Gen. Michael Hayden, who served as director of the National Security Agency from 1999 to 2005 and as CIA director from 2006 to 2009, told NPR in an interview ahead of the arguments.
Below is a selection of what Hayden told NPR, summing up the national-security establishment's argument against the ban in 6 quotes:
1. "Maybe I did some things that some people think were less than who we are... . We support a bunch of it, so when we don't support something, we owe it to the broader community to explain why"
Hayden acknowledged that he and many others who are opposing the ban have in the post-9/11 world supported "some pretty tough measures" that were "closer to the edge" than many outside the intelligence community would have liked.
Perhaps because of that, he said, he and the other national-security experts have a "greater obligation ... to speak up" when a president goes too far in the name of national security.
2. "It was indicative of something else we were really worried about ... non-fact-based decision-making in what was looking like a non-truth world"
Also central to the signatories' concern, Hayden said is the "non-fact based decision-making" in a "post-truth world" that led to the ban.
The danger that the ban "is pretending to respond to," he contends, is the "byproduct of red-meat rhetoric during the campaign," not data or analysis.
3. "None of this comes from an analysis of the threat"
Hayden notes that in other administrations, a directive like this one would have, from the beginning, been subject to inter-agency review. In the past, the intelligence community has provided affidavits in court attesting to why a particular policy is needed.
In contrast, he observes, "There is not one single official willing to swear on the record to a national-security-based need for the travel ban."
Hayden continued, "Go look at anyone who is occupying our old positions now and you will be hard-pressed to find statements by them in support of this Executive Order."
They have been ordered to "shut up and get on board," he charged. So "the retired guys" decided to speak up.
Hayden added that his former colleagues still in the CIA privately warn that the ban is making the U.S. less safe. He points to conversations with CIA case officers who worry about how the ban is affecting recruitment in the travel-ban countries, where the U.S. does a lot of intelligence business.
4. "We have a greater chance of recruiting people we have recently been shooting at than people whom we insult by saying their entire nation, their entire tribe is denied entry to our homeland."
"It was the promise of American that allowed us to recruit people" in the past, Hayden said. "Just think of the impact of a pronouncement from the American government that people from that country, where you've just recruited, are never allowed ... to enter this country. You have taken off the board the last sanctuary that the case officer uses" to help recruit someone.
And that, said the former CIA director, is what is happening now.
5. "When we act like this, we reinforce the arguments of those we want to lose"
There is a civil war going on within Islam, Hayden added, and "we have some preferences as to who we would like to win that internal argument."
When the U.S. acts like this, he said, it reinforces the narrative of ISIS and Al-Qaeda, who want the Muslim world to see "undying enmity between the values of Islam and the values of the West."
Indeed, the brief points out that nationals from the eight countries listed in the ban have committed no deadly terrorist attacks on U.S. soil in the last 40 years. Since 9/11, 14 terrorists have committed deadly domestic attacks in the name of Islam.
Of those, most of the perpetrators were natural-born American citizens.
6. "A proclamation that just seems to fly in the face of the essence of American-ness."
Hayden acknowledges the current version of the ban, the third effort by the Trump administration, has been improved over the other two. But it can't get away from its "original sin," he said. "Its original sin is this is a Muslim ban."
Hayden admits that after 9/11, President George W. Bush did a lot of "tough and remainingly controversial things," but he did them "with care," Hayden maintained. Bush visited a mosque, refused to impose any sort of blanket national ban on travel and was careful to use language, so the world would "not perceive Islam as the enemy of the West."
Our "great national strength," Hayden and his colleagues maintain in their brief, is that the are "a welcoming nation."
As Hayden puts it, "We assimilate immigrants; we know how to do it; and here is a proclamation that just seems to fly in the face of the essence of American-ness."
Data breaches more complex and no longer confined to the IT group
Humans continue to play a significant role in data breaches and cybersecurity incidents, fulfilling the roles of threat actors, targeted victims and incident response stakeholders, according to new research.
Data breaches are also becoming more complex and are no longer confined to the IT group. They now touch every part of an organisation up to and including its board of directors, Verizon's 2017 Data Breach Digest found.
The digest details 16 common breach scenarios, but many permutations occur within each, leading to an expansive range of damage that is observed in the aftermath of a data breach.
The breach scenarios were divvied up into four clustered groupings, which included:
The human element. Four scenarios highlighting human-related threat actors or targeted victims;
Four scenarios highlighting human-related threat actors or targeted victims; Conduit devices. Four scenarios covering device misuse or tampering;
Four scenarios covering device misuse or tampering; Configuration exploitation. Four scenarios focusing on reconfigured or misconfigured settings; and
Four scenarios focusing on reconfigured or misconfigured settings; and Malicious software. Four scenarios centering on sophisticated or special-purpose illicit software.
According to data from the Verizon's Vocabulary for Event Recording and Incident Sharing (VERIS) dataset, the ‘social threat' action was used in just under one-third of confirmed data breaches. It ranked behind threat action categories of hacking and malware in prevalence.
For threat actors, the tactics and techniques used to manipulate or take advantage of victims include phishing (92 per cent), pretexting (42 per cent), and bribery/solicitation (3 per cent).
“As one would expect, email is the primary means of communication to the target (95 per cent), followed by in-person deception (2 per cent), and phone calls (2 per cent) with a small amount of overlap across three means of communication,” the report said.
Social actions are typically part of a blended attack with a successful installation of malware usually a means to an initial foothold or a piece of information to further an attack.
Threat action varieties most attributable to human victims including social (where human assets are compromised), misuse (where humans are under your employ are the threat actor), and error (where humans are ‘goofing' around).
“When we look at our VERIS data over the previous three years, we see that almost half (49 per cent) of all breaches involve one or more of these human elements,” the report said.
The report points to five actions an organisation should take following a breach. They are:
Preserve evidence, consider the consequences of every action taken;
Be flexible, adapt to evolving situations;
Establish consistent methods for communication;
Know your limitations, collaborate with other key stakeholders; and
Document actions and findings and be prepared to explain them.
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
Ryanair CEO Michael O'Leary is considering new bases in the French regions and going back to Copenhagen, now that the Irish LCC is willing to recognize unions. Last year, Ryanair's pilots seized the leverage of a crewing crisis to push for union recognition, which had previously been fiercely opposed by O'Leary. Since then, Ryanair has negotiated deals with the British Airline Pilots' Association (BALPA) in the UK and Italian pilots' union ANPAC, which jointly ...
INDIANAPOLIS (WISH) — A federal bankruptcy judge has approved a plan to sell 26 of Marsh Supermarkets' grocery store locations.
Marsh made the announcement Wednesday afternoon. Two different companies are involved in the transactions. One is part of the Kroger corporation, and the other is associated with Fresh Encounter grocery stores.
The deal does not cover 18 other Marsh locations still open.
Marsh filed for bankruptcy last month, saying if it could not find a buyer, it may be forced to close stores. CVS Pharmacy was trying to stop the deals, saying they could violate a deal they made earlier this year to purchase Marsh's pharmacy operations.
The eleven that would be taken over by Topvalco Inc. are:
1825 Kinser Pike in Bloomington.
843 East Main Street in Brownsburg.
10679 North Michigan Road in Zionsville.
5 Boone Village in Zionsville.
2904 South State Road 135 in Greenwood.
123 South Kingston Drive in Bloomington.
1500 West McGalliard in Muncie.
1435 West 86th Street in Indianapolis.
715 South Tillotson in Muncie.
227 West Michigan Street in Indianapolis.
12520 East 116th Street in Fishers.
The stores that would be taken over by Generative Growth II LLC are:
5802 West U.S. 52 in New Palestine.
1013 Forest Avenue in Marion.
1107 South Shannon in Van Wert, Ohio.
11625 Fox Road in Indianapolis.
3075 East 25th Street in Columbus.
621 North University Boulevard in Middletown, Ohio.
982 North Market in Troy, Ohio.
1711 North Walnut in Hartford City.
223 Aukerman in Eaton, Ohio.
1515 South State Road 37 in Elwood.
899 East Jefferson in Tipton.
3015 West U.S. 36 in Pendleton.
320 North New Jersey Street in Indianapolis.
501 National Road West in Richmond.
736 West Main Street in Greensburg.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
In a letter sent to Health Secretary Tom Price, 12 U.S. senators on the Committee on Health, Education, Labor and Pensions stated they are "deeply troubled" by the appointment of Roger Severino as the Director of the Office of Civil Rights (OCR) at the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS).
The letter describes Severino's "long history of making bigoted statements" about the LGBTQ community and states that his hire raises "deep concerns" about the Trump administration's hiring practices. The two-page letter was obtained by the Washington Blade, and the office of Senator Patty Murray, the ranking member of the Committee on Health, Education, Labor and Pensions, confirmed its existence to NBC Out.
Roger Severino, Director of the Office for Civil Rights at the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services David Hills / Heritage Foundation
Dated April 10 and signed only by Democrats, the letter comes on the heels of statements from LGBTQ advocates and the House LGBT Caucus, which also expressed alarm over Severino's appointment.
Severino and Tennessee State Senator Mark Green, the nominee for Army Secretary, are just the latest of Trump's picks to garner criticism for their track records on lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender rights. LGBTQ advocates have previously voiced concerns regarding high-profile appointments such as Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch, Attorney General Jeff Sessions and Education Secretary Betsy DeVos.
"That's where we are with the Trump administration," said Mara Keisling, executive director of the National Center for Transgender Equality (NCTE), who was "extremely glad" the 12 senators had voiced their concerns over Severino. "He is appointing extremist after extremist. The bright side, I guess, is that there is no pretense that President Trump doesn't want to be the most anti-LGBT president we have ever had," Keisling added.
According to the senators' letter, "Mr. Severino's past statements, writings, and affiliations make him unqualified to lead an office whose purpose is to ensure that 'people have equal access and opportunities to participate in certain health care and human services programs without unlawful discrimination.'"
Severino's past writings include a 2016 report he co-authored in his capacity as director of the DeVos Center for Religion and Civil Society at the Heritage Foundation, a position he occupied just prior to his appointment at the OCR. Severino called for the repeal of the Affordable Care Act (ACA), also known as "Obamacare," and opposed the interpretation of Section 1557 of the ACA to include gender identity. Section 1557 prohibits discrimination on the basis of race, color, national origin, sex, age or disability in any program that receives funding from the HHS.
In the report, Severino claimed the OCR's interpretation of Section 1557 to include gender stereotyping and gender identity confers "special privileges" and violates the "religious liberty and freedom of conscience" of health care providers.
As director of the OCR, Severino would oversee enforcement of the non-discrimination protections under Section 1557 of the Affordable Care Act.
"There is nothing in Mr. Severino's past… that would make us feel like he is committed to enforcing federal laws against discrimination," Keisling said. "President Trump has handed over domestic polity to Heritage Foundation."
For their part, the Heritage Foundation defended Mr. Severino's record in a statement sent to NBC Out: "Roger Severino has a distinguished record of fighting for the civil rights and freedoms of all Americans. We have no doubt that Roger, in his new role at HHS, will protect the civil rights of all Americans."
NCTE, along with several other civil society organizations, met with Severino on Wednesday after receiving a request from his office — a move Keisling cautiously characterized as a "good sign."
"We wanted him to understand this is about enforcing federal civil rights laws, and also it's about people who need the federal government's help and have the legal right to expect the federal government to provide those protections," Keisling said.
The OCR did not respond to NBC Out for requests for comment.
Follow NBC Out on Twitter, Facebook and Instagram
A month after actress Aurora Perrineau accused Girls writer and Lena Dunham's friend Murray Miller of raping her when she was 17-years-old, her father, Claws actor Harold Perrineau, is finally breaking his silence.
In a statement he posted on Twitter, Perrineau shared that his heart was “broken” because he couldn't protect his daughter.
“What do you say when you're watching your wife not eat or sleep? What do you say when you realized you couldn't protect your child? What do you say when your heart is just … broken?” he tweeted on Friday.
READ ALSO: #SolidarityIsForWhiteWomen: Lena Dunham Defends Friend Accused Of Raping Black Actress
Perrineau added, “Silence. In that silence I noticed something. Someone – Aurora. I noticed her strength and bravery. I noticed her stand up, Stand up and say no more! No more terror, or fear, no more nightmares, no more hiding. And I realized, I'm not watching some victim here, I'm in the presence of a warrior. A real life crime fighter who is unafraid to look boldly at some coward who hoped to abuse her and say, no.”
As he concluded his statement, he thanked other brave celebs from the #MeToo Movement such as Lupita Nyong'o and Gabrielle Union and let Miller know that he “f%cked with the wrong family.”
Perrineau's statement was issued days after Miller's lawyers admitted that what their client said about Aurora trying to extort money from Miller was false.
In a statement given to Variety, Donald Walerstein and Matthew Walerstein said:
““In a previous statement to the media, we stated that Ms. Perrineau sought substantial monetary damages from our client Murray Miller. Neither Ms. Perrineau nor her attorney have ever made a demand for money. Our previous above statement was incorrect and the result of a good-faith misunderstanding,”
As we previously reported, Aurora said that back in 2012, she woke up one night with Miller on top of her having sexual intercourse with her without her consent.
The Jem and The Holograms actress says she met Miller while out drinking with her friends at LA's Standard Hotel in 2012 when Miller was 35 and she was 17. She says he was very flirtatious and she told him repeatedly of her young age.
“At some point, I woke up in Murray's bed naked. He was on top of me having sexual intercourse with me. I freaked out and was extremely upset and traumatized. At no time did I consent to any sexual contact with Murray,” she revealed in a statement.
Los Angeles police are currently investigating the charges that Aurora filed with them back in November.
RELATED NEWS:
#SolidarityIsForWhiteWomen: Lena Dunham Defends Friend Accused Of Raping Black Actress
#MeToo: Terry Crews Files A Lawsuit Against Hollywood Agent For Sexual Assault
#MeToo: Lupita Nyong'o Opens Up About Her Past Experiences With Harvey Weinstein, ‘I Felt Unsafe'
By Annie Reuter
Jennifer Lopez and her beau Alex Rodriguez spent some time in the Hamptons this weekend for the charity fundraiser, Apollo in the Hamptons, which raised money for the iconic Apollo Theatre in New York City.
Related: J-Lo and A-Rod Find ‘LOVE' in NYC
On hand was Justin Timberlake who performed a few songs for the A-listers in attendance including Alicia Keys, Jon Bon Jovi, Jamie Foxx, Matt Lauer, Howard Stern, Priyanka Chopra, Chris Rock, Christie Brinkley, Robert Downey Jr., among others.
Timberlake performed a duet with Pharrell Williams and also sang solo for his hits including “SexyBack,” “Rock Your Body,” and “My Love,” reports Entertainment Tonight.
A-Rod posed with Timberlake and Lopez in a photo and praised the event. “Great time raising money for the Apollo Theatre in #NYC. JT killed it!,” he captioned a photo on Instagram.
J-Lo and A-Rod have been spending a lot of time together in New York. The couple shared a recent “Sunday Funday” while posing with some of the city's iconic artwork, including the famous LOVE sculpture by Robert Indiana.
Great time raising money for the Apollo Theatre in #NYC. JT killed it! #Hamptons (📸: @kevinmazur) A post shared by Alex Rodriguez (@arod) on Aug 13, 2017 at 5:49pm PDT
The Department is expected to release more information Wednesday morning.
Original story below:
THIEF RIVER FALLS, Minn.—Police here are asking for the public's help tonight, in searching for a missing man.
Eighty-year-old Orvin Sund went missing about 11 a.m. Tuesday
Sund, who has dementia, was last seen about 4 p.m. on the outskirts of town.
People have been looking throughout the day.
Police tonight are asking everyone to check their property.
The campus on the University of California, Irvine. David McNew / Redux Pictures
Know the rules
“A lot of times with the kids and parents when they receive the initial acceptance letter, they don't understand that it's pending,” said Dawn Mann, the counselor at Harrison High School in Kennesaw, Georgia. “Actually in the computer, that status is AP — that means you are accepted pending a couple of things.”
Mann tells her students about the importance of maintaining the status quo. “It's not about improving. But the 12th year does matter, and you're not off the hook when you receive that initial admissions letter of acceptance.”
Though Mann has never had a student's acceptance rescinded, she knows that Georgia Tech and the University of Georgia, in particular, have strict and rigorous standards for their incoming students. So if a high schooler hits the news for a criminal act, the colleges will check that teen's name in their system to see if he or she is one of theirs.
So what can you do to prevent — and problem-solve — a potential issue before matriculating?
Know the rules, said Rachel White, a master-level counselor at educational consulting firm
IvyWise.
“I'm sure it's available on the website, but it's probably easier to ask someone at the school because sometimes it's hard to get through all that fine print,” said White.
“Don't be afraid to pick up the phone and call the admissions office and ask: once all the excitement has worn off and all you've been accepted and you've enrolled, what happens next? What do students need to be aware of — timelines if there's a big deadline coming up when you need to send paperwork or even just register for classes. That stuff should be on the forefront of parents' and students' minds.”
Because applying to college is such a lengthy process, students may want to sit back and coast, said White. But don't. “It almost feels like you've crossed the finish line, but in fact there's still a little farther to go, and arguably the most important stuff is to come.”
‘You never know how things are going to come up'
Should disaster strike — you miss a deadline, or there's a dip in your grades or a disciplinary infraction — pick up the phone, the experts advise. Remember that the admissions office is a living, breathing group of dedicated professionals who want you to attend their school — and don't want to punish you if they don't have to.
And be honest.
“I tell my students and parents: You need to disclose information because you never know how things are going to come up, and how admissions officers will find out about certain situations,” said Mann. “But don't write two paragraphs about the mistake. Write one paragraph about it, and your next two should contain the information on what you've learned from that mistake, and how you've used that past behavior to improve how you make decisions now, and how much you've grown.”
The Miami Heat were led by Goran Dragic's 19 points, five rebounds and five assists – through only three quarters of work.
OKLAHOMA CITY — Ongoing drought and wildfires have cattle ranchers in at least five Southwestern U.S. states scrambling for hay or pastureland, while others are selling off some of their herds.
Extreme and exceptional drought conditions have contributed to wildfires in Colorado, Kansas, Oklahoma, Texas and New Mexico, delaying the growth of or destroying grass and wheat used to feed cattle in spring.
“Finding hay out here in this part of the state is next to impossible,” according to rancher Darrel Shepherd of Custer, Oklahoma, about 80 miles (129 kilometres) west of Oklahoma City. “Pastureland is really hard to find right now … the wheat, with the drought and all, the wheat is no good.”
Northwestern Oklahoma and the Oklahoma Panhandle — nearly 20 per cent of the state — are rated in exceptional drought, the most severe category. Exceptional drought is also reported in parts of the Texas Panhandle, Colorado, Kansas, New Mexico and in Utah and Arizona.
Federal agriculture officials in New Mexico said ranchers may not have feed to maintain their herd sizes and that some are already trimming their herds, while farmers along the Rio Grande are bracing for less water to irrigate their crops.
In northwestern Oklahoma, two large wildfires that burned about 545 square miles (1412 sq. kilometres) destroyed pastures, but rains this past weekend helped firefighters bring the flames under control and began the process of restoring grassland.
“This last weekend was a godsend … not enough to erase the drought,” said Oklahoma State University agricultural economist Derrell Peel. “But it's a first step and the time of year is right for the grass to green up in the next few weeks.”
Rains are needed to continue through at least the beginning of June in order to prevent Oklahoma ranchers from being faced with downsizing herds, Peel said, but even if that happens, he doesn't expect any impact on the price of beef.
“I don't think this area is big enough,” Peel said. “We're still seeing an increase in beef production” nationwide.
Both Shepherd and Woods County Extension Agent Greg Highfill said ranchers in surrounding states are donating as much hay as possible to help keep livestock fed.
“Because of the drought there isn't as much extra hay to be donated as in other years,” according to Shepherd. “People are being very generous and giving what extra hay they have.”
Shepherd said he doesn't know where the hay is coming from, but is thankful for what has been provided.
“There's a lot of hay from out of state being shipped in. We don't have all we need but we're getting more in each day,” he said. “You just can't thank those people enough.”
——
Associated Press writer Susan Montoya Bryan in Albuquerque contributed to this report.
The Industrial Internet of Things, or IIoT, connects machines and devices in industries such as transportation, power generation, and healthcare. The potential is high and so are the risks.
Everyone's heard of the IoT – smart thermostats, Internet-connected refrigerators, connected lightbulbs – but there's a subset called industrial IoT that has a much more significant day-to-day impact on businesses, safety and even lives.
The term IIoT refers to the Industrial Internet of Things. In broad strokes, it's the application of instrumentation and connected sensors and other devices to machinery and vehicles in the transport, energy and industrial sectors.
What that means in practice varies widely. One IIoT system could be as simple as a connected rat trap that texts home to say that it's been activated, while another might be as complicated as a fully automated mass production line that tracks maintenance, productivity and even ordering and shipping information across a huge, multi-layered network.
How the industrial internet of things is different from IoT
The industrial internet of things is also referred to as the industrial internet, a term coined by GE, and Internet of Industrial Things. Whatever you call it, the IIoT is different from other IoT applications in that it focuses on connecting machines and devices in industries such as oil and gas, power utilities and healthcare.
IoT includes consumer-level devices such as fitness bands or smart appliances and other applications that don't typically create emergency situations if something goes wrong.
Simply stated, there is more at stake with IIoT deployments where system failures and downtime can result in life-threatening or high-risk situations.
The IIoT brings computers from IT to operational technology, opening up vast possibilities for instrumentation, leading to major efficiency and productivity gains for almost any industrial operation.
Is IIoT its own category?
Technologically, IIoT works on similar principals to any other piece of IoT tech – automated instrumentation and reporting being applied to stuff that didn't have those capabilities before. That said, the scale of it is much different than a simple system that lets you mess with your thermostat on your phone – hundreds, perhaps thousands or even tens and hundreds of thousands of individual endpoints can be present in an IIoT deployment.
What are businesses doing with the industrial IoT?
Instrumentation for production lines can let companies track and analyze their processes on an enormously granular level, asset tracking can give a quick, accessible overview of a huge amount of material, and predictive maintenance can save companies big money by addressing problems before they have a chance to become serious – the number of potential use cases is vast, and growing by the day.
The Industrial IoT Consortium lists these 15 possible uses of IIoT:
Smart factory warehousing applications Predictive and remote maintenance. Freight, goods and transportation monitoring. Connected logistics. Smart metering and smart grid. Smart city applications. Smart farming and livestock monitoring. Industrial security systems Energy consumption optimization Industrial heating, ventilation and air conditioning Manufacturing equipment monitoring. Asset tracking and smart logistics. Ozone, gas and temperature monitoring in industrial environments. Safety and health (conditions) monitoring of workers. Asset performance management
Do you need to implement IIoT differently?
Yes, because IIoT devices can have much longer service lives than consumer gadgetry – Canonical executive vice president of IoT and devices Mike Bell estimates the average at seven to 10 years – so any implementation has to be built to last.
Even beyond the raw scale and longevity involved, the implementation process can be convoluted – the kind of back end necessary to make the most of the data gleaned from instrumentation is a considerable undertaking in and of itself, and has to be undertaken in close coordination with the rest of the enterprise. It requires a dedicated strategy for collecting data from endpoints, storing it in an accessible format – whether in a data center or in the cloud – feeding it to the analysis engine, and having a way to turn insights from that analysis into actionable and timely information.
How does machine-to-machine communication let the IIot talk to everything?
There's a wide range of different formats and technologies that address different parts of the need for machine-to-machine communication among connected devices. Physical layer technology like Sigfox and Zigbee, software layers like Weave and IoTivity - all of it is necessary for a fully functioning IIoT environment, and it all has to be interoperable.
What about IIoTsecurity and other concerns?
Just like consumer IoT, IIoT has a lot of security issues. Recall the Mirai botnet, which leveraged poorly secured security cameras and other gadgets into a huge DDoS weapon.
Beyond the possible use of compromised IIoT devices to create massive botnets, there's also the issue that vulnerabilities can be exploited to allow theft of valuable data already on your network – yet another attack vector.
One thing that might help keep IIoT secure, according to Bell, would be to borrow the increasingly common practice of automatic, silent downloading and patching from the consumer side of IoT. Some companies won't like this, preferring to have absolute control over the software running on their machines, but it could be a big help from a security perspective.
Other factors that IT leaders are concerned about include the following:
Lack of standardization . As an attempt to graft newer technology onto old, there's a huge range of different designs and standards for everything from transmission protocols to ingestion formats. Simply put, if the gizmo that sends operational information about the temperature of a blast furnace isn't made by the same company that makes the network or the data ingestion engine, they might not work together.
. As an attempt to graft newer technology onto old, there's a huge range of different designs and standards for everything from transmission protocols to ingestion formats. Simply put, if the gizmo that sends operational information about the temperature of a blast furnace isn't made by the same company that makes the network or the data ingestion engine, they might not work together. Integration with legacy technology . Lots of older equipment isn't designed to provide data in a format that's legible for modern IIoT tech, so getting a decades-old power station controller to talk to a sophisticated new IIoT infrastructure could require some translation.
. Lots of older equipment isn't designed to provide data in a format that's legible for modern IIoT tech, so getting a decades-old power station controller to talk to a sophisticated new IIoT infrastructure could require some translation. Money . As both of the above points highlight, fully embracing IIoT requires new hardware, new software and a new way of thinking about technology. The idea is to make money, but plenty of people are understandably worried by the up-front costs.
. As both of the above points highlight, fully embracing IIoT requires new hardware, new software and a new way of thinking about technology. The idea is to make money, but plenty of people are understandably worried by the up-front costs. People. Getting the most out of IIoT often requires expertise in machine learning, real-time analytics, and data science - to say nothing of cutting-edge knowledge of networking technology.
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
A prisoner who absconded while on home leave has been found by police.
Frederick Boyd, 54, was on leave from HMP Castle Huntly, near Dundee, when he failed to return to prison on Tuesday, April 11 at the end of his allocated period.
If seen, members of the public were told not approach him and to contact Police Scotland on 101.
Police Scotland said he had been traced in Glasgow.
The makers of Nutella aren't sweet on a recent study that claims a key ingredient of their chocolatey hazelnut spread could cause cancer.
Ferrero, the Italian confectionery company that makes Nutella, slammed the European Food Safety Authority's claims that palm oil — the second ingredient of the decadent spread — is more carcinogenic than other vegetable oils when it's heated above 392 degrees Fahrenheit.
The agency's report, released in May, caused ripples in the European food community and even led some to boycott the ingredient.
But Ferrero insists that palm oil is safe — and says that Nutella wouldn't taste the same without it.
“Making Nutella without palm oil would produce an inferior substitute for the real product. It would be a step backward,” Vincenzo Tapella, Ferrero's purchasing manager, told Reuters on Wednesday.
It would also be more expensive for Ferrero to switch to a different oil, as palm oil is the cheapest — costing about $800 a ton. Alternatives like sunflower oil and rapeseed oil cost $45 to $120 more.
Other food safety agencies including the World Health Organization and the U.N. Food and Agriculture Organization had similar findings about the contaminant in palm oil, known as GE, though neither of the consumers stop eating it.
The European Commission is currently reviewing ESFA's findings and plans to issue its recommendation by the end of 2017.
http://www.reuters.com/article/us-italy-ferrero-nutella-insight-idUSKBN14V0MK
GRAY, Georgia (41NBC/WGMT) – The Georgia Department of Community Affairs (DCA) wants everyone to know how important federal funding can be.
As part of their National Community Development Week, the commissioner of the DCA was in Gray to tour the Jones County Senior Center, a modern building constructed in due part to federal funding in 2012.
Funding that could be dropped if cuts in Washington, D.C. are made, and what are known as State Community Development Block Grants (CDBG) cease.
“We think that really the value of this program speaks for itself,” said Commissioner Camila Knowles. “And so we think that highlighting things like [the senior center] is the best way to advocate for continuation of the program.”
With those proposed federal cuts, the Jones County senior center wouldn't be what it is today. With the help of those funds, the center was able to expand and now serves a larger number of seniors in the community.
“The senior center is a place for seniors to come everyday, and enjoy fellowship, and activities, and nutritious meals, and to have that socialization that we all need,” said Laura Mathis, the Executive Director of the Middle Georgia Regional Commission.
“If the funding was eliminated on the federal level, then there wouldn't be resources available to communities to build senior centers like this,” Mathis added.
In 2016, $37.5 million was given out in the state of Georgia thanks to those community development block grants.
Bank of England Chief Cashier Victoria Cleland has been promoted to executive director, adding a woman to the bank's senior management level.
Cleland will become executive director for Banking, Payments & Financial Resilience, a BOE spokesperson confirmed. The current holder of that role, Andrew Hauser, will become executive director for Markets, replacing Chris Salmon, who stepped down last month.
The shakeup among executive directors comes just a year before Governor Mark Carney is due to depart. Carney has pushed to improve the gender balance at the U.K. central bank during his tenure, although the institution has still been criticized by lawmakers for a lack of diversity.
At a conference in London on Tuesday, Cleland said she would next month take charge of the Real Time Gross Settlement system, which processes electronic payments in the U.K. She has been in charge of cash circulation since 2014, a role that required her signature to appear on every new banknote issued. Her promotion suggests there will now be five women among the BOE's executive directors.
Hauser has been at the BOE since 1992. His current role also involves assessing the bank's financial risks and overseeing wholesale and retail banking operations, as well as its work on fintech. Salmon, his predecessor in the market division, said last month he was leaving the central bank to pursue an opportunity in the private sector.
Anthony Habgood, chairman of the BOE's governing body, is also due to retire in June. His replacement will name by the government, as will Carney's successor.
— With assistance by Jill Ward
At least five people have died soon after being fitted with balloons designed to help them lose weight, the Food and Drug Administration said Thursday.
The FDA says it doesn't know if the devices or the surgery to implant them is to blame but issued an alert to doctors to closely monitor patients who get them.
“All five reports indicate that patient deaths occurred within a month or less of balloon placement,” the FDA said in a statement.
“In three reports, death occurred as soon as one to three days after balloon placement. At this time, we do not know the root cause or incidence rate of patient death, nor have we been able to definitively attribute the deaths to the devices or the insertion procedures for these devices.”
Related: Gas-Filled Balloon May Offer New Weight Loss Option
One of the devices is a balloon that can be placed in the stomach and filled with saline water, the Orbera balloon made by Apollo Endo-Surgery. The other is a dual balloon system made by ReShape. Apollo, which says it has sold 277,000 of the devices globally, said it was preparing a statement.
Apollo said it reported the deaths to the FDA. “There have been five reported deaths of patients who had received the Orbera intragastric balloon in four different countries since Orbera's FDA approval in August of 2015,” the company said in a statement.
“Apollo self-reported all five cases to the FDA as part of its Global Product Surveillance program.”
The FDA says it's looking into two other deaths.
“The Agency has also received two additional reports of deaths in the same time period related to potential complications associated with balloon treatment (one gastric perforation with the Orbera Intragastric Balloon System and one esophageal perforation with the ReShape Integrated Dual Balloon System),” the FDA added.
The FDA's adverse report system is very broad and is not designed to immediately prove a device or drug caused a complication. It is meant to gather information about anything that happens while someone is using a device or drug, or soon after, so that investigators can determine cause and effect.
Related: Balloon You Can Swallow Fights Obesity
“For the first patient in Brazil, the cause of death was reported to be a heart attack. An autopsy was performed but the final report was not provided to us. There was no evidence provided of a device‐related malfunction or causation in this case,” Apollo said in its statement.
“For the second patient in Brazil, the hospital reported that a non‐device related gastric perforation occurred, causing complication and eventual death.”
Causes of death for a patient in Britain and one in the U.S. were not known, the company said. A patient who died in Mexico had a heart abnormality but it's not clear what caused the death.
Gastric balloons are among many different devices on the market to treat severe obesity. They aim to reduce how much a person can eat by filling the stomach, closing off part of the stomach or even surgically reducing stomach volume.
The need is great for different ways to treat obesity.
Obesity drugs have not been big commercial successes although several are now on the market. Several drugs were removed from the shelves years ago after they were found to cause problems such as stroke.
Diets are equally bad at helping people keep off the pounds for long periods of time. But surgical procedures to shrink the stomach have been very successful. One study showed the surgery helped people to lose enough weight to reverse their type-2 diabetes.
The American Diabetes Association and other groups have endorsed bariatric surgery as a way to treat type-2 diabetes.
NAPA — The Raiders are working behind closed doors Monday, with a schedule change eliminating a media access day.
Related Articles Raiders exhibition opener: Five things to watch vs. Cardinals
Raiders in Napa: Three things we learned on Sunday
Raiders in Napa: Three things we learned on Saturday
Raiders mailbag: Backup quarterback, middle linebackers, Donald Penn and more
Raiders in Napa: Three things we learned on Tuesday Three practices remain — Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday — with the Raiders returning to the club facility in Alameda and hosting the Los Angeles Rams Saturday night at the Coliseum.
Lots of starters sat out of a 20-10 road loss to Arizona, most notably Derek Carr, Khalil Mack, the middle of the offensive line and wide receivers Amari Cooper and Michael Crabtree.
Some players who have done well of late — backup quarterback EJ Manuel and defensive end James Cowser among them — backed up their training camp performances with on-field production.
Here are five issues of significance after the loss to the Cardinals:
1. Signing Donald Penn: General manager Reggie McKenzie remade a Raiders roster that had been decimated by Al Davis. But in the case of Penn, McKenzie ought to heed Davis' philosophy of “I'd rather be right than consistent.”
For complete Oakland Raiders coverage follow us on Flipboard.
McKenzie may be philosophically opposed to negotiating while Penn is out of camp, but in this case, Penn is clearly underpaid, the Raiders need him in a big way and the only precedent set would be to adjust contracts when 34-year-old players have career years.
Which happens almost never.
2. Getting Gareon Conley on the field: It's been evident through training camp as well as the early part of the Cardinals game the Raiders need a playmaker. Conley, taken No. 23 in the first round, was supposed to be that player.
Whether it's shin splints, super shin splints or, super-duper shin splints, it's going to put stress on the secondary if Conley can't get into the secondary and make a contribution fairly soon.
Yes, communication in the secondary is still an issue. But the Raiders can communicate all day and it won't matter if they don't have an athlete capable of stepping up and making a play
Conley posted on Instagram Sunday that he's begun running — eight weeks after he was injured. Next step will be working with trainers and doing cutting and agility drills.
3. Getting Marquel Lee up to speed: The middle linebacker had his head on a swivel defending the pass, got screened aside by Jared Veldheer on one running play and was pushed back a good six yards when a ball ended being fumbled directly to him.
Like our Oakland Raiders Facebook page for more Raiders news, commentary and conversation.
The NFL is full of examples where players were a step slow in their first game. Can Lee be ready in less than a month to take on Marcus Mariota, DeMarco Murray and Derrick Henry of the Tennnessee Titans on Sept. 10?
If not, is Tyrell Adams that man? If he's not, and Lee isn't ready, Perry Riley Jr. is waiting at home and arrived on short notice last season to step into the lineup.
4. Assessing the injury to Denver Kirkland: The Raiders know by now whether what appeared to be a knee injury against Arizona is something that will keep him sidelined for awhile.
Kirkland started at left guard as Kelechi Osemele didn't suit up (along with center Rodney Hudson and guard Gabe Jackson). He performed a valuable role as an extra blocker in selected games last year and was especially impressive in the Raiders' signature win of the season, a 30-20 bulldozing of Denver.
A gem as an undrafted free agent, Kirkland is the Raiders' quality depth behind their starting guards.
5. Seeing if LaTroy Lewis is for real: Lewis had a pair of sacks and drew a holding penalty against Arizona as a pass-rushing 256-pound outside linebacker.
A defensive end at Tennessee, Lewis had only 3.5 sacks in 21 games as a junior and senior with first-round pick Derek Barnett doing most of the cleaning up. There was nothing to indicate through 11 training camp practices this was coming.
“No one really asked asked me about Lewis during the first two weeks of camp, so we'll probably be talking about Lewis this week,” Del Rio said. “It was good to see him take advantage of the opportunity and make a couple of plays.”
The same goes for defensive tackle Treyvon Hester, who had a pair of sacks.
Were Lewis and Hester that dominant, or is Arizona's second- and third-string line just substandard? It's to be determined.
Hock and the model wed in Miami in front of guests including couple Matthew McConaughey and Camila Alves.
1:36 'The King,' (Elvis impersonator Will Kettler) is in the house for Valentine's Day weddings Pause
2:35 Saburo Masada visits site of his internment for first time since 1942
0:33 Fresno police arrest two after string of armed robberies
3:08 Public expresses views on proposed Rental Housing Improvement Act in Fresno
3:02 Meet Alexander Mickelthwate, the third conductor candidate for the Fresno Philharmonic
2:06 She watched her husband die in icy Fresno apartment: 'He couldn't fight the cold'
1:39 Most babies should be exposed to peanuts earlier, according to new guidelines
0:52 Visalia couple wins $65,000 Valentine on 'The Price is Right'
1:20 6 things to know about Calexit – the plan for California to secede from the U.S.
Damascus Countryside, SANA – Units of Internal Security Forces entered the Jeroud twon on Tuesday after evacuating the terrorists and their families from the town.
The citizens gathered in the town's public square carrying the national flags to welcome the Internal Security Forces units and celebrating the defeat of terrorism.
SANA reporter said that the process of removing the terrorists and their families who reject the reconciliation agreement from the town of Jeroud to the north of Syria ended today Tuesday, followed immediately by the entry of the Internal Security Forces units to establish security and stability and to preserve the lives of civilians and their property in preparation for the return of state institutions.
The process of evacuating the terrorists and their families, who reject the reconciliation settlement, continue from eastern Qalamoun in implementation of the agreement that stipulate evacuating them to the north of Syria after handing over their heavy and medium weapons, and ammunition stores.
Emma /Mazen
Starbucks was in the early stages Tuesday morning of shuttering many of its locations to offer employees anti-bias training when the rest of the world started to weigh in. From news-show hosts to front-line baristas to the online chattering masses, everyone seemed to have their own take on the coffee chain's dramatic more.
The decision to close more than 8,000 company-owned outlets for four hours that afternoon sent waves of excitement, ridicule, befuddlement and everything in between across the Twittersphere.
Why have coffee shops become a place where America's racial divisions & biases are being exposed? "A lot of these coffee shops where we're seeing these problems are opening up in gentrifying neighborhoods. #Starbucks is a perfect example." @rashadrobinson https://t.co/Qty72IW93K — ColorOfChange.org (@ColorOfChange) May 29, 2018
There was a lot reaction, as well, in the non-virtual realm. Trinity Torres, a shift lead at Inkings Coffee & Tea in downtown Pleasanton, could see the impact of the Starbucks closures in real time.
“Yeah, I have noticed more a crowd today,” she said, applauding Starbucks for offering its employees anti-bias training. “For a Tuesday morning we've been pretty busy. I've seen some new faces so those may be people who normally would go to Starbucks.”
Across the Bay in San Mateo, Rafat Haddad hadn't seen an uptick in business at his 3 Bees Coffee shop (B Street and Third Avenue) – but he was ready for anything once the local Starbucks started shutting their doors.
“I have my regulars and Starbucks has theirs, but I wouldn't be surprised to see some new faces when they start closing up this afternoon,” said Haddad, who's owned the place for 16 years and runs a sister cafe in the local library. “In the past, when a nearby Starbucks would close up temporarily to do repairs or remodeling, we'd see a bit of an increase in business. So we're ready for it if it happens.” Related Articles Not every Starbucks is closing today; here's what you need to know
Starbucks' closures for anti-bias training a first step ‘in a long-term journey'
Behind the success of African American-owned Starbucks alternative
Haddad, like others across the country, was a bit suspicious of Starbucks' motives in closing down its stores. “To tell the truth,” he said, “I think it might be a marketing stunt. But I still admire Starbucks for taking advantage of issues like these and turning them into learning opportunities.
“Still,” he added, “I think they should have offered this training a long time ago.”
Meanwhile, back on Twitter, the commentary was unfolding:
For several hours this afternoon, we will close stores and offices to discuss how to make Starbucks a place where all people feel welcome. Thank you for your patience and support as we renew our promise to make Starbucks an inclusive gathering place for all. See you tomorrow. — Starbucks Coffee (@Starbucks) May 29, 2018
The good news: 8,000 Starbucks stores shut today for anti-bias training
The bad news: When Caucasians start to riot because no access to soy lattes — John Fugelsang (@JohnFugelsang) May 29, 2018
Starbucks is closing over 8,000 stores today for racial bias training? Wish we could close ONE White House for the same reason… #TuesdayThoughts — Cyrus McQueen (@CyrusMMcQueen) May 29, 2018
Racial bias training is an important first step, but there's much more for companies to do to ensure all people feel welcome. We look forward to convening Starbucks and civil rights leaders this summer to discuss how they can better approach these issues. https://t.co/Ls1A8eyKAd — The Leadership Conference (@civilrightsorg) May 29, 2018
That @Starbucks chairman Schultz had real relationships with African Americans he could call upon after the Philadelphia arrests spoke volumes about him and his commitment to seriously addressing the problem. https://t.co/JYm7O9qfOL — Jonathan Capehart (@CapehartJ) May 29, 2018
When it comes to dealing with race, Starbucks is no Waffle House. https://t.co/JYm7O9qfOL — Jonathan Capehart (@CapehartJ) May 29, 2018
The other 5,000 Starbucks will remain open and racist. pic.twitter.com/erdObDQZim — Comedy Central (@ComedyCentral) May 29, 2018
INDIANAPOLIS (AP) — Andrew Luck isn't sure when he'll start throwing again and won't set a timetable for his return from shoulder surgery.
The Indianapolis Colts starting quarterback isn't expected to do much — if any — work during the team's offseason workouts.
Players and coaches held their first official team activities Monday at the team complex, and for the first time Luck acknowledged that his injury problems began during a Week 3 contest at Tennessee in 2015.
He missed nine games that season with an assortment of injuries, including a lacerated kidney. After the season, Luck said he decided to undergo rehab rather than opt for surgery. But after aggravating the injury several times last season, he decided to have surgery.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Google
Email
Print
More
Pinterest
Like this: Like Loading...
Robert Lewandowski scored a hat trick on Thursday night as Poland routed Armenia 6-1 to move to the the brink of qualification for the 2018 World Cup in Russia.
The 29-year-old Bayern Munich star started the game with 47 international goals, one behind the record of 48 held since 1980 by Wlodzimierz Lubanski.
Kamil Grosicki scored Poland's opener after just two minutes at the Hanrapetakan Stadium in Yerevan with a near-post finish from Lukasz Piszczek's cross.
Fifteen minutes later Lewandowski curled in a free-kick to make it 2-0 and draw level with Lubanski.
Lewandowski claimed the record when he blasted home an indirect free-kick on 25 minutes and he completed his treble in the second half to make it 50 goals in 90 appearances. Jakub Blaszczykowski and Rafal Wolski were also on the scoresheet for Poland.
Lubanski, who played for the majority of his career at Górnik Zabrze in Poland and Lokeren in Belgium, set his tally in 75 internationals between 1963 and 1980.
Poland requires just a point from their final qualifier at home to Montenegro on Sunday to clinch their place in the finals.
South African President Cyril Ramaphosa will establish a commission of inquiry to probe governance at the country's revenue service after suspending the tax agency's commissioner, Tom Moyane.
The move to bring disciplinary charges against the head of the South African Revenue Services is Ramaphosa's latest salvo in a bid to clean up after his predecessor Jacob Zuma, who was forced from office by the ruling party last month. Ramaphosa has also removed boards of state companies as he seeks to boost investor confidence after years of weak economic growth, marked by increasing corruption and scandals involving Zuma and his family.
“The president has made a commitment to establish a commission of inquiry into governance matters at SARS, which is going to be a wide-ranging inquiry,” his spokeswoman Thusela Diko said in an interview on Johannesburg-based state-owned radio station, SAfm. “Those terms of reference are in the process of being finalized.”
The decision to suspend Moyane followed a meeting between the tax chief and Ramaphosa during which Moyane refused a request to resign, the Presidency said in a statement. Ramaphosa said in a letter to Moyane that under his leadership there had been a deterioration in public confidence in the agency and that public finances had been “compromised.”
TAIPEI (Taiwan News) — Add some delicate pizzazz to your Christmas list or personal tea stash with goldfish-shaped tea sachets from CHARM VILLA (子村莊園).
CHARM VILLA has been operating since 1999. While they already have a loyal, local following in Taiwan, on the Internet, and among certain groups of (Japanese) tourists, the quality of their products is worth emphasizing.
(Photo from Demilked)
So far CHARM VILLA has patents on their sachet design in 32 countries and has won several design competitions, including the Red Dot Award and the iF Design Award.
(CHARM VILLA Facebook page)
The goldfish is filled with whole leaf tea in one of four organic flavors: Rose Oolong, Ruby Black, Jin Xuan, or Oriental beauty. Each sachet is handcrafted.
(@Honeycombers Instagram)
A box of 12 sachets is NT$ 1,380 (US$ 46) and will remain fresh for 1-2 years.
(@Honeycombers Instagram)
CHARM VILLA began as a woodworking design studio. Aside from specialty tea, shoppers will also find handmade chopsticks, coasters, and other seasonal items in their store.
Details:
No. 137, Section 2, Fengnian Rd, Beitou District, Taipei City, Taiwan 112 (台北市北投區豐年路2段137號)
Monday – Saturday, 11:30 a.m. – 7 p.m.
OFFICE +886-2-2894-3922
(CHARM VILLA Facebook page)
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- A new year means new adventures. Local author Traci Angel is out with her second edition of "100 Things to do in Kansas City Before You Die," and to celebrate she stopped by FOX 4 to share a few of her new features.
Winter Itinerary
- Cheer on the UMKC Kangaroos
- College Basketball Experience Museum
- Kemper Museum of Contemporary Art
Spring Itinerary
- Longview Lake (feed the fish)
- Parkville Nature Sancturary
- Tour the Fountains - City of Fountains group has a brochure to map your own tour
Summer Itinerary
- Berry Picking
- Boulevard Drive-In
- T-Bones baseball game
- List of area farmers markets
Fall Itinerary
- Missouri Town 1855 Fall Festival
- Shoal Creek Living History Museum
- Waterfire KC
- Weston Bend Day trip (state park, downtown, Red Barn)
Airbus SE is considering building a freighter version of its slow-selling A330neo widebody, spurred by requests from potential customers Amazon.com Inc and United Parcel Service Inc., according to people familiar with the matter.
The interest from Amazon and UPS could rekindle a competition between Airbus and Boeing Co. as the global air-cargo market rebounds from a decade-long slump. Production of the popular Boeing 767 freighter has been restricted as the U.S. manufacturer focuses on a military tanker variant that is more than a year behind schedule, the people said.
If Airbus moves ahead, the cargo model could help lift sales of the A330neo, a re-engined version of the European planemaker's smallest widebody, which has struggled in the marketplace. The aircraft has garnered 214 orders and lost a sale this month after Hawaiian Airlines switched to Boeing's Dreamliner.
Airbus and Amazon declined to comment. “UPS studies possibilities for acquiring new and used aircraft as a matter of routine business. However, anything you may be hearing is speculation,'' Glenn Zaccara, a spokesman for the Atlanta-based courier, said by email.
Airbus has already been exploring ways to boost sales of the A330, including a pitch to increase the jet's maximum takeoff weight and range. Both Amazon and UPS are asking Airbus to consider stretching the A330-900's fuselage to enable it to carry more cargo while flying a shorter range, the people said.
A freight variant would be a natural advancement of an aircraft that uses the same fuselage as its predecessor, the A330ceo. There is already a freighter version of the earlier model. It garnered just 42 orders over more than a decade, all but four of which have been delivered. One issue was that the A330 freighter's front landing gear has to be extended to overcome a tilt forward on the passenger version that complicates cargo loading.
Amazon Fleet
Amazon plans an initial fleet of 40 used 767 freighters for its Prime Air fleet, and has discussed ordering airplanes with Boeing in the past. The $1.5 billion air hub the company is plotting to build near Cincinnati suggests it will eventually have a far larger operation.
Still, it's uncertain whether adding new engines to the A330ceo freighter would allow Toulouse, France-based Airbus to make significant inroads in a market dominated by Boeing. The Chicago-based company has logged 196 orders for its 767-300 freighter, almost five times more than the Airbus A330-200F, and has 61 undelivered planes.
Cargo carriers typically value cost and capacity over performance, said Richard Aboulafia, an aerospace consultant at Teal Group.
While Boeing's freighter, at a list price of $212.2 million, is cheaper, brand-new cargo planes from both companies also face competition from inexpensive conversions from used passenger models. A wave of retired 767s and A330s provide “a lot of feedstock,'' Aboulafia said by telephone.
— With assistance by Spencer Soper, and Michael Sasso
"I've never felt objectified," says the actor in reply to a Radio Times article highlighting the "double standard" of women lusting after male characters
Poldark star Aidan Turner has said he has “never felt objectified” in response to an article published in Radio Times that highlighted the “double standards” of women lusting after his character.
Advertisement
Journalist Mariella Frostrup said that although female writers could celebrate pictures of a topless Ross Poldark “without too much fear of censure”, there would be a backlash if men objectified a female actor.
Frostrup also went on to say men and women should both be able to “confidently express desire” for the other sex.
“I fear we are losing not only our sense of humour but our sense of proportion as we throw every act of perceived sexism into the #MeToo basket,” she wrote. “There's an enormous difference between judging a person's worth only on the basis of their physical assets and expressing admiration for a fellow human with God's gift (allegedly) of good looks.”
Addressing the article with BBC News, Turner said: “It seems like there is a double standard, yeah, it does seem that way. But I try not to get involved in [that debate].”
He added: “I've never felt objectified. I think sometimes other people want to feel that for you, which can be quite a strange thing.
“But personally I haven't. You say objectify, but it just sounds like [Frostrup] was sort of admiring that character of Ross Poldark or physically how he looks or whatever.”
And speaking about the shirtless picture of Ross Poldark that made it onto the front of several newspapers, Turner added: “These photographs were stills from the show, so in context it makes sense.
“When you pull them out and stick a photograph on the front page of a national newspaper it becomes something very different.
“We're not doing anything in our show that… I mean, Game of Thrones probably has far more nudity, or Vikings, or any of these shows, than we would have. So I never quite understood why our show was picked in particular, or why these images were concentrated on more so than any other shows, or other images of actors who've gone topless for any sex scenes…”
Turner has starred as the titular Cornish rogue in the period drama since 2015, appearing alongside Eleanor Tomlinson who plays his on-screen wife Demelza.
Advertisement
Poldark continues on BBC1 on Sunday nights at 9pm
I set out for Ireland nervous. As a lifelong New Yorker, driving was never my priority. The subway, taxis, bike lanes and, more recently, Uber deemed it unnecessary.
I'm hardly comfortable driving on the “right” side of the road in my own hometown. Was I really going to embark on a road trip through a foreign country famous for its narrow, winding, dark country roads — where they drive on the “wrong” side of the road to boot? But that wasn't going to stop me from traveling through the glorious coast and countryside of the Emerald Isle.
I'd simply have to rely on tours — via both buses and trains — to do it.
My first stop was Dublin, as famous for its formidable sons (Bono, Oscar Wilde and James Joyce) as it is for the Guinness Storehouse, where I later drank in the long history of the world-famous beer.
Ireland is also known for its “liquid sunshine” — a cheeky nickname for rain — and my friend and I felt droplets as soon as we stepped off the plane. We made a beeline for a taxi.
(Thankfully, Dublin has an ample supply.)
But before we could ascend the staircase of the cluster of four glorious Georgian townhouses that comprise the Merrion Hotel, two concierges bedecked in top hats ran to meet us curbside with oversize umbrellas and gallantly led us to (dry) safety.
The entire staff exhibited that signature Irish warmth and the vibe is as personable as it is elegant (from $294).
Subdued and sublime, the Merrion is the perfect antidote to the throbbing heart of the city outside.
The new Garden Room restaurant, which opened this fall, offers modern Irish cuisine against a backdrop of lush 18th-century gardens that include a fountain imported from Provence. Located in the center of town, the hotel is within walking distance to major sights and scenic streets — perfect for the driving-phobic.
(Truth be told, even walking around Dublin left us white-knuckled and dry mouthed. Jitters and clumsiness arose simply from negotiating the city's byways, where left-side walking rules.)
Book a meal nearby on the impossibly chic Dawson Street. Fire Restaurant, located in an old state house, is a particular gem, with glorious stained glass that makes for an opulent dining experience. Go for the three-course price-fixed menu — and try the Irish chicken supreme as a main — for about $58. With no shortage of castles or cliffs to see, it was time to get out of Dublin. We embark on a two-hour journey by bus to Belfast, in Northern Ireland, via Wild Rover Tours ($65 per person).
There, we tour a highlight of the small nation: Titanic Belfast, the Titanic-centric museum that sits on the same site as the shipyard where the fateful ship was built. Fun fact: the architecturally zany museum stands the same height as the tragic ship.
The bus continues north to the breathtaking Giant's Causeway — a stunning 18-mile-long rocky coastline of rocks that's also a Unesco World Heritage site. (These days, it's better known as a key location for “Game of Thrones” filming.) Now that we'd covered the north, it was time to head back into Ireland and climb aboard the country's formidable rail system.
We hired tour operator Railtours Ireland for a three-day excursion (about $600 per person) to criss-cross the beautiful landscape with no hassle or stress — and plenty of gazing out the window.
First stop: the Port of Cobh in County Cork, a sumptuous Irish riviera in the south, complete with bright-colored buildings that line the sun-dappled sea. Grab a drink from the bar at the Commodore Hotel and watch the sun set over the flag of the former White Star Line office. This port was the Titanic's final stop before it started its fateful voyage across the Atlantic.
Back on the train, we head west to the charming (albeit touristy) town of Killarney. It's easy to see why so many people — visitors and locals alike — are drawn to the town's pulsating energy here, which brims with sophisticated restaurants, shops, and bars with sing-alongs that spill out into the streets every night.
I felt the luck of the Irish just experiencing this breathtaking country, where the people (totaling just under 5 million) are said to be outnumbered by the prodigious number of sheep. The famous “liquid sunshine” was hardly a drawback given the gorgeous landscapes and gregarious locals, who were always razor sharp and ready with a joke.
Turns out I didn't need a car to get to know Ireland after all.
The retirement of Howard Stringer from the board of Time Inc. came about because the board apparently has a mandatory retirement age of 75 years old.
The former chairman of Sony who was on the original board when Time was spun off from Time Warner in 2014, turned 75 this year.
The newest board member nominee is Chegg Inc. CEO David Rosensweig, who is 55 years old, while the onetime independent director John Fahey, 65, will now be inside as non-executive chairman, replacing Joe Ripp, the CEO-turned-executive chairman who is also retiring.
Floral artists will take over Woodside's Filoli this week.
The historic estate's 30th annual Flower Show, with “California Kaleidoscope” as the theme, will bring the Golden State's colors inside the mansion. More than 80 arrangements, including ikebana designs, will be on view from Thursday, May 31, through Sunday, June 3.
A Challenge Bouquet room will show what nine designers create when presented with the same selection of flowers.
Among the exhibitors participating are the American Rhododendron Society, Beekeepers Guild of San Mateo, Peninsula Orchid Society and the Peninsula Rose Society.
In the gardens, glass sculptures by local artists will be on exhibit.
The main show runs from Friday through Sunday with inside/outside tour hours of 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. and special Kaleidoscope of Color teas. Other events include a grand opening reception.
Details: Tickets, $30-$35 show, or $65-$75 for show plus afternoon tea (VIP events extra) at www.filoli.org. The house is located at 86 Cañada Road in Woodside.
MILAN — A lone Italian gunman shot and wounded six African immigrants Saturday in a two-hour drive-by shooting spree, authorities said, terrorizing a small city in central Italy where a Nigerian man was arrested days earlier in a teenager's gruesome killing.
The shooting suspect with right-wing political ties had an Italian flag tied around his neck as he was arrested hours later in the city of Macerata. Authorities identified him as Luca Traini, a 28-year-old Italian with no previous record.
Traini had run for town council on the anti-migrant Northern League's ticket in a local election last year in Corridonia, the party confirmed, but its mayoral candidate lost the race. The news agency ANSA quoted friends of his as saying that Traini had previously been affiliated with Italian extremist parties like the neo-fascist Forza Nuova and CasaPound.
As the violent attack unfolded in Macerata in Italy's central Marche region, police told residents to stay inside and ordered a halt to public transport to limit the casualties. Such violent shootings are rare in Italy, and usually associated with the southern Italian mafia.
A video posted by the il Resto di Carlino newspaper later showed the suspect with an Italian flag draped over his shoulders being arrested by armed Carabinieri officers in the city center, near where he apparently fled his car on foot. Italian news reports said a gun was found inside the car and the suspect did a Fascist salute as he was arrested, but no salute was visible in the video.
The shooting spree came days after the slaying of 18-year-old Pamela Mastropietro and amid a heated electoral campaign in Italy where anti-foreigner sentiment has become a key theme. Italy has been struggling with large numbers of migrants coming across the Mediterranean Sea.
Macerata Mayor Romano Carancini confirmed that five foreign men and one woman, all black, were wounded in Saturday's shooting spree, and one was left with life-threatening injuries. All were hospitalized.
“They were all color, this is obviously a grave fact. As was grave what happened to Pamela. The closeness of the two events makes you imagine there could be a connection,” Carancini said.
Mastropietro's dismembered remains were found Wednesday in two suitcases two days after she walked away from a drug rehab community. A judge on Saturday confirmed the arrest of the main suspect, identified as 29-year-old Innocent Oseghale.
ANSA reported that the black car used in Saturday's shooting spree had been seen in the area where the woman's body was found and also near where the suspect lived.
Italian Premier Paolo Gentiloni said Italy would be “particularly severe against whoever thinks of nourishing this spiral of violence.”
“We will stop this risk. We will stop it right away. We will stop it together,” Gentiloni declared.
Italy is heading into a general election on March 4 and the head of the rebranded League party, Matteo Salvini, had capitalized on the teen's killing in campaign appearances even before the shooting Saturday. He is pledging to deport 150,000 migrants in his first year in office if his party wins control of parliament and he is named premier.
That has drawn sharp rebukes that Salvini is using the migrant crisis to foment xenophobia for political gain.
Salvini's League, which dropped the “northern” from its name in a bid for a national following, has joined a center-right coalition with Silvio Berlusconi's Forza Italia and Giorgia Meloni's much smaller Brothers of Italy. They are running against Matteo Renzi's much-splintered center-left Democratic Party and the populist 5-Star Movement.
Salvini told reporters Saturday at a campaign stop in Bologna that he would bring security to Italy.
“Whoever shoots is a delinquent, no matter the skin color. It is clear that out-of-control immigration … brings social conflict,” he said.
Senate president Pietro Grasso, who is fielding a small liberal party called “Free and Equal,” chastised Salvini for using a tragedy for electoral gain.
“Whoever, like Salvini, exploits news events and tragedies for electoral purposes is among those responsible for the spiral of hatred and violence that we must stop as soon as possible,” Grasso said.
A file photo of a person walks past a sign for new student accommodation in Dublin (file photo).
A file photo of a person walks past a sign for new student accommodation in Dublin (file photo).
LOCAL RESIDENTS AND city councillors have raised concerns after the latest student accommodation development secured planning approval in The Liberties in Dublin city centre.
Cairn Homes secured approval from An Bord Pleanála under new fast track planning laws to redevelop the old Donnelly Centre off Cork Street into accommodation to house 399 students.
Under the laws – introduced in June by Housing Minister Eoghan Murphy - a developer can apply for planning permission straight to An Bord Pleanála (rather than the local council) for large scale housing developments and student accommodation projects.
Under normal planning laws, someone has to first apply for permission to the council, which then makes a decision. This decision can then be appealed to An Bord Pleanála.
The fast track method cuts out the first stage of applying to the local authority.
The Cairn Homes student accommodation is the latest in a tranche of similar developments in the surrounding area.
A report commissioned by Cairn as part of its planning application found that within 1 kilometre of its new site there are currently just under 1,500 existing student beds.
These include, for example, 380 student beds opened in September at Mill Street built and run by Global Student Accommodation (GSA); as well as 471 beds at the Binary Hub on nearby Thomas Street run by multinational Hines.
On top of this, there are an additional 3,279 beds in various stages of planning or where construction has begun.
If all the developments currently in the pipeline are completed, it is thought that about 8% of the area's population will be made up of students.
All of the developments have sprung up in recent years, in response to a dire need for extra housing for students. The accommodation is high end – with most beds costing at least €230 a week or higher.
Old sites in The Liberties – which for years were left derelict – have been snapped up with a number of hotels also being built.
The historic Tivoli Theatre is due to be knocked for a new 289-bed ‘aparthotel' to be built, with other hotels also being built in areas like Mill Street and The Coombe and a 138-bedroom Maldron Hotel opening nearby on Kevin Street.
The pace of the development and the focus on one particular type of accommodation has stoked fears among local residents and others that the area is changing too rapidly.
The Liberties
The Liberties in Dublin 8 is one of the city's oldest districts. Stretching from St Patrick's Cathedral to St James Gate and the Guinness brewery, the area has at its heart places like Thomas Street, Francis Street, Meath Street and The Coombe.
Once a bustling marketplace and busy area of Dublin, the streets of Dublin 8 suffered economic decline due to years of neglect and bad planning.
(Locals say the Celtic Tiger never came to the The Liberties)
It has high levels of unemployment and has a high concentration of old social housing flats, many of which are in need of an upgrade.
“The neglect and lack of investment for me is shameful. There is no other areas that would have been able to decline like that,” says Sinn Féin councillor Críona Ní Dhálaigh.
Ní Dhálaigh says that while investment in the area is important and welcome, hotels and student accommodation are by their nature for people passing through and won't help to revitalise the area in the way that's needed.
“There are genuine concerns in the community about the type of accommodation being built,” she says.
All of the applications are either for student accommodation, or hotels, or aparthotels when what the area badly needs is affordable family accommodation.
Students only hang around for term time, and during the summer most of the accommodation will also be used for tourists. On top of this, she is also critical of the high costs of living in the purpose-built SA.
“There is no student I know that could afford to live in the student accommodation being built in The Liberties. So whose needs are being met?” she says.
“Another Temple Bar”
Ní Dhálaigh says that there are fears that with the types of accommodation being built, planners are trying to turn The Liberties into “another Temple Bar”.
Meanwhile, families and people who have lived in the area their whole lives are finding themselves pushed out by a lack of suitable accommodation and ever-rising rent prices.
The latest Daft rental report put the average rent in Dublin at €1,822 which is €380 higher per month than at the Celtic Tiger peak.
According to Máirín Ó Cuireáin, a worker at the Robert Emmet Community Development Project, local residents are concerned about the lack of affordable housing coming onstream.
“I suppose in general people are happy that there is investment,” she says.
“I do think that people are disappointed that its mostly student accommodation and there is no accommodation for families or social housing being built.
Housing for people who have lived here for generations and now can't afford to live here.
On top of this, she points towards the large number of homeless hostels that operate in The Liberties area already and states that building more permanent accommodation solutions could help to reduce this.
“People are very concerned around the sustainable community here for people who grew up and lived here for generations,” she says.
Happy with investment
While local residents are concerned, many people are also happy to see investment into the area and welcome the rejuvenations that this brings.
On top of student accommodation and hotels, Diageo – which runs the Guinness Storehouse nearby – has plans to develop a new urban quarter at St James' Gate.
There was also a new park opened on Cork Street last November and other attractions like the Teeling Distillery have opened recently.
“People are happy that The Liberties is being looked at for once,” says Ní Dhálaigh.
“The student population and tourists are very welcome – they bring vibrancy and they have the money to put into the area.
But we also are in dire need of family accommodation.
TheJournal.ie contacted Dublin City Council for comment but no response was received by the time of publication.
A man who tried to halt the rampage of the truck driver who mowed down 86 people in Nice last year was among 22 citizens included on France's New Year's honours list on Sunday.
Franck Terrier chased after the truck on his scooter as Mohamed Lahouaiej Bouhlel ploughed along the Nice promenade on July 14, using the 19-tonne vehicle to crush people celebrating Bastille Day, France's national holiday.
When Terrier drew up alongside the truck he clung onto the cab and punched the 31-year-old Tunisian through the open window but failed to bring him to a halt.
“I was ready to die,” the middle-aged airport worker, who received the Legion d'Honneur, France's highest award, told Nice Matin newspaper at the time.
Bouhlel was killed shortly afterwards in a shootout with police.
Alexandre Nigues, a cyclist who tried unsuccessfully to wrench open the door of the moving truck, also received the Legion d'Honneur, along with the two officers who chased the vehicle on foot and shot dead Bouhlel, ending his rampage.
Several doctors and firefighters also received awards for their assistance to the injured.
The massacre in Nice was the deadliest attack in Europe in 2016 and is believed to have served as a blueprint for the December 19 truck attack on a Christmas market in Berlin in which twelve people were killed.
- AFP
Charlene LaPensee began painting NASCAR theme segments on the couple's RV in 2012. Today she is painting the Young Guns of racing while parked on the grounds of Charlotte Motor Speedway. Charlene and husband, Bernie is from Ontario, Canada and thus far this year has been to the Daytona 500, Volusia County in Florida for dirt track racing, toured the NASCAR Hall of Fame, race shops and testing at CMS. The couple will attend this Saturday's All Star race and then head north following Sunday's Coca-Cola 600 on May 28th.
Divock Origi is confident Liverpool have what it takes to cope with the absence of Sadio Mane in the upcoming weeks.
The Senegal international has developed into a key figure at Anfield since joining from Southampton, but he will be unavailable during the African Cup of Nations.
Origi is confident Jurgen Klopp's squad have enough strength in depth to keep their Premier League title tilt on track.
"Unfortunately, Sadio has to go and leave us, but we have a very big and strong squad, which is one of our big qualities," Origi told the official Liverpool website.
"Whoever plays up front, whatever position, I am sure we can make a very big impact and get the maximum out of every game.
Liverpool have employed a physiotherapist to shadow Sadio Mané at the Africa Cup of Nations next month. #lfc (Paul Joyce) — Anfield HQ (@AnfieldHQ) December 31, 2016
"We are very strong as a group and we are going to show it in the future, I am sure."
Origi has put in a string of fine performances in recent weeks and the versatile attacker is pleased with his development this campaign.
"I am always happy to be able to play and I was effective also [since coming into the team], so it was a very good thing for me," he added.
"I still feel I can make steps in my game and in every one, I feel I can add things to my game. I try to be as complete as possible and that is what the staff [here at Liverpool] are helping me to try to do.
"One of the qualities of our team is that we are very flexible in all positions. It makes us more unpredictable and I am happy we have such a system because I enjoy playing in it very much."
Trump gets nudge from First Lady to raise hand for National Anthem
Heat's Erik Spolestra talks about the 'special season'
1:07
Former Wales and Lions scrumhalf Dwayne Peel will take up the position of Assistant Coach at Ulster from next season.
Peel, who currently operates as Backs Coach and Team Attack Coach at Bristol Rugby, has signed a two-year contract at Kingspan Stadium.
In his playing days, the former Llanelli, Scarlets, Sale Sharks and Bristol scrumhalf played a pivotal role in Wales' two Grand Slam successes in 2005 and 2008 and also captained his country at the 2007 Rugby World Cup.
He represented the British & Irish Lions on the 2005 tour to New Zealand, starting all three Tests against the All Blacks.
It's Director of Rugby Les Kiss' second change to his staff this week, following Monday's announcement that former Leinster forwards coach Jono Gibbes will join as head coach next season.
Peel says he's excited by a new challenge in Belfast: "I'm delighted to have this opportunity. Ulster is one of the big clubs in European rugby and I'm looking forward to working with a large contingent of quality players.
"Coaching was always a natural progression for me and I'm really enjoying my role with Bristol. Over the years I've spent time in different environments trying to pick things up that will benefit my career and this move to Belfast is another step in the right direction.
"I've talked with Les (Kiss) a lot over the past couple of weeks and it's exciting for me to work with someone of his calibre.
"I'm looking forward to getting started in the summer, but my focus will be with Bristol until the end of the season."
Kiss said: "I'm very pleased that Dwayne will join us from next season. He's a talented coach who has a great understanding of the game and I'm really excited by what he will bring to our environment.
"It was obvious through my discussions with Dwayne that he has an exceptional coaching eye and he will provide us with refreshing insight and ideas.
"After Jono (Gibbes) agreed to join us, it was clear that Dwayne was going to be a great fit for our coaching group for next season. Once I identified Jono and Dwayne, the Ulster Professional Game Board was fully behind my decision, and Bryn (Cunningham) worked hard to ensure the deals were completed. They will both be terrific additions."
Pinterest Ben Hogan, the man in the middle of the front row, riding on a tractor during the Hillsdilly.
The Hillsdilly is not the fifth major, though given its boost in stature on the Golf Channel on Wednesday evening maybe we should reconsider. Even Ben Hogan played in it.
David Duval, a panelist on Golf Channel's Live From the U.S. Open show, was discussing the unreal expectations the USGA has regarding pace of play at Erin Hills this week.
“Greens that are fast, a golf course that's new to everybody,” Duval said, “look, there's a great tournament going on back in Denver, at my club Cherry Hills, called the Hillsdilly, this week. This isn't the Hillsdilly. This is the national championship, the U.S. Open, the best players in the world.
“I know that the USGA released the time par at, like, four-fifty-two. I think you're doing a disservice to the championship by doing that. It's almost unreasonable to expect these guys, and the number of players, to get around this golf course, especially with the excessive distances from greens to tees, in that type of pace.”
RELATED: U.S. Open: Six-hour rounds? Why everyone should brace themselves for pace-of-play issues at Erin Hills
Details of the Hillsdilly are somewhat sketchy, though presumably a round in the annual tournament at Cherry Hills Country Club likely will take longer than a U.S. Open round at Erin Hills will take.
We base this presumption in part on this four-year-old Tweet from someone apparently familiar with the Hillsdilly:
Cigars, beer and golf is the trifecta required of a successful and enduring event, of course. Hogan's participation doesn't hurt either. The caption to the photo above, shown on the Ben Hogan Facebook page says:
“On August 6 – 9, 1952 Ben played at the Cherry Hillsdilly golf tournament hosted by the Cherry Hills Country Club in Denver Colorado, a three day golf and social event that included celebrity guests such as Bob Hope, Dean Martin, Jerry Lewis, Alice Faye, Phil Harris, President Eisenhower and Dizzy Dean.”
Ike and Dizzy together is the equivalent of the U.S. Open and the Hillsdilly together. But we digress.
“Pictured is Ben Hogan riding in a Jeep at the Cherry Hillsdilly in 1952 at Cherry Hills Country Club in Denver Colorado. The man to his left is Joe Dye, then the president of Cherry Hills. Joe Dye was the USGA official who helped Ken Venturi off the final green at the 1964 US Open. Ken was suffering from heat prostration in the 100 plus degree temperature and was so woozy that he could not read his scorecard. Dye assured him that it was correct and that he could sign it.”
RELATED: The U.S. Open will be wide open in more ways than one
So the Hillsdilly even came with its own USGA official, though probably not one likely to monitor the pace of play.
The annual Hillsdilly begins on Thursday at Cherry Hills, and runs through Saturday. Good luck to its participants, who, given that cigars and beer are likely to help get them through the golf, are likely to have more fun than those at Erin Hills.
WATCH MORE U.S. OPEN VIDEOS
All across the nation and even in our fair county of Kildare, young people of a certain age are considering their college options, which if memory serves, need to be filled out and sent off by sometime in February.
I don't envy them. At 17 you're really not expected to know anything, and yet you're supposed to sit down and fill out a form that declares what you want to do for the rest of your days.
Twenty six years later, I can tell you that if you haven't a blind notion what you want to do with the rest of your life, that's both fine and entirely reasonable.
If you do know, that's fine too, but don't for a moment believe it is unchangeable. As with everything, the only constant is change.
You may well get to retirement in the career you're choosing now, but that's increasingly unlikely.
The next big thing you need to understand is that over the course of the next 40 years, technological advancements will bring major change.
For instance, I'd be wary about getting involved in anything that has to do with engines that run on petrol and diesel right now.
They're not going to disappear , but with the advancement of electric cars, they're going to be far less dominant. On the other hand, electrical engineering sounds good.
When I left school, fax machines were big, and for a decade or so they were lots of people's livelihoods, but it's many years since I last used one.
Many industries and careers will change over the next 40 or 50 years, and while we can make educated guesses at the shape of the future, much of it will take us by surprise. The most important point to make is this: As a potential employee, you have a commodity to sell to a potential employer — your work.
You need to make that commodity as valuable as possible. (If you're planning on being self-employed, your customers are your employers, so the same applies).
A simple example: the person who sells burgers gets paid a little over €10 an hour, whereas a person who carries out throat surgery gets €850 per surgery, which they can perform up to three or four times a day.
The surgeon has spent the better part of a decade stuck in the books to get to that point.
They invested hugely in the value they can offer to an employer, and are certainly seeing the benefit of their hard work.
These are two extreme examples, but they illustrate the point.
You need to ask yourself this: what can I offer that makes me worth more than minimum wage?
In bullshit corporate speak, it's called ‘adding value', which means adding value to the company.
I suggest you concentrate on adding value to your bank balance.
There are some enlightened employers out there but human greed and stupidity are ubiquitous so the enlightened employers will always be in a minority.
Assume that the mission of every company is to get as much out of you for as little reward as possible. It's your mission to make sure that what you bring to the company doesn't come cheap.
Sometimes that's because you're expert, and sometimes it's because very few other people know the little extra bit that you know.
Finally, don't ever imagine for a moment that any job will be amazing and fun every day for the rest of your working life.
There will be days of drudgery when you'll view the job only as a way to enable you to live the life you want outside of work.
That's an important progression in every human's life — to realise that what you do outside work is the bit of your life that matters.
SEE ALSO: POLL: Vote for Kildare's Top Memorable Sporting Moment
Ex-CBS anchor pleads guilty to harassing estranged wife Hot-headed ex-Channel 2 anchor Rob Morrison cut a plea deal in a Connecticut court Tuesday that spared him jail time for bombarding his estranged wife with more than 120 phones...
Disgraced ex-CBS anchor Rob Morrison whines to judge Disgraced ex-CBS anchor Rob Morrison whined to a judge Tuesday that he only serial-dialed his estranged wife more than 120 times over three days because he wanted to talk to...
KINGSTON, Ont. — Ontario Provincial Police have identified two people killed in a collision in eastern Ontario.
Police say an SUV and a tractor-trailer collided last Friday on Highway 401 in Kingston, Ont.
They say two occupants of the SUV died at the scene.
They have been identified as 33-year-old Cheng Yuan of Waterloo, Ont., and 27-year-old Meiyu Li of Burnaby, B.C.
Police say the highway was closed for nine hours while the crash was investigated.
When Prince Harry and Meghan Markle marry at Windsor Palace in May, there's at least one family member who might not be invited: Meghan's estranged half-sister, Samantha.
Samantha Markle, who also known by the name Samantha Grant, is 17 years Meghan's senior; she and her brother are Meghan's half-siblings. To date, she's been the most vocal member of the Markle family, speaking out about her half-sister in the press—a move that may have cost her a relationship with her soon-to-be-royal relative.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
The 52-year-old appears on TLC's new special, When Harry Met Meghan: A Royal Engagement, which airs on Tuesday night at 9/8 Central. And on that special, she tries to clear the air about Meghan's background, and what she really meant when she called her upcoming book The Diary of Princess Pushy's Sister.
She and Meghan have the same father.
Samantha and Meghan's father, Thomas, worked in lighting on television shows like Married With Children. Samantha and her brother, Thomas Jr., are the children of Markle senior's first marriage to Roslyn. His second wife was Markle's mother, Doria Ragland; Thomas and Doria divorced in 1988, when Meghan was six years old.
Meghan Markle and her mother Doria Ragland in 2015. Getty
According to Samantha, Thomas Markle's children all got along well. “It was like a gift when Meghan was born because she was so full of life and personality that we became settled as a family, but we became much more lively,” Samantha said in the TLC special. “We were sort of a little family, not as large as The Brady Bunch, but in our minds it was a unique, very beautiful, multicultural and interracial family beginning.”
She hit back at tabloid reports of a rags-to-riches story.
Tabloids on both sides of the Atlantic have reported that Meghan grew up in a rough part of southern California; Samantha said on the TLC special that those stories are inaccurate. “The tabloids wanted to create this ghetto princess story, if you will, which is so far from reality, you know, the African-American, rags-to-riches Cinderella,” Samantha said. “We were raised in a very beautiful upper-middle-class home in the San Fernando Valley of Southern California, nowhere near ‘gangland' as the tabloids tried to illustrate.”
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Samantha has also spoken up about accounts that paint Meghan's family life as less than stable or supportive. "When the media suggested that [her parents] were anything less [than great], and that she was this Cinderella that just rose up out of rubbish or out of nowhere—no, that is rubbish," she told Entertainment Tonight. "Her parents were incredible."
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Samantha insists she didn't smear her sister in the press.
Tabloid reports claimed that Samantha called Meghan "narcissistic" and a "social climber," but Samantha insists in the TLC documentary she never said those things. “I was quoted as calling her Princess Pushy. I never said those words,” Samantha said in the TLC special. “The truth is, I never said any such thing and there's no tape, no recording, nothing in the world that anybody could present to suggest that it was.”
Of course it's worth noting that Samantha told Good Morning Britain that she's writing a memoir called The Diary of Princess Pushy's Sister. That title, she says, is meant to be tongue-in-cheek. "The title is a mockery of the media," she told the Daily Mail. "It wasn't me who called Meg 'pushy.' It was the tabloid newspapers. She is not pushy. The book isn't going to be negative—it's a warm, witty, honoring book—unfortunately, the negative sing-song has gone round the world."
Her book won't be a juicy tell-all.
Despite the title, Samantha says her book will be nuanced, and not just about Meghan. In that same Good Morning Britain interview, she said her book will be a critical look at race in America.
"The title is true. What is not true is this unbelievable swell that's been created that it's some sort of slamming tell-all. It's only a tell-all in that I [write about] beautiful nuances of our lives, our family home," Samantha told hosts Richard Madeley and Ranvir Singh. "More importantly, it has to do with the interracial evolution of this country through the lens of my life in my family since the civil rights act until present, and how that intersects with the recent events with my sister."
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
She said tabloid reports have strained her relationship with Meghan.
In the TLC special, Samantha tearfully explains that the tabloid reports have "created a divide" between the sisters. “It's been such a whirlwind with us and I'm sad she believed some of the other interviews I did where words I never said were taken out of context, so it's been a bit since we've spoken,” Samantha told Us Weekly.
The two haven't been close for some time now. Samantha told the Daily Mail that they haven't seen each other since 2008, when Samantha graduated from college and Meghan flew in to celebrate. That same year, Samantha was diagnosed with multiple sclerosis, and she now uses a wheelchair.
She shared stories about Meghan's engagement like the rest of us.
“It was really exciting for me, I am so happy for her,” Samantha told Us Weekly. “It was kind of funny, it was like my boyfriend showed it to me and I was on the phone with my father and I got to let him know too. We didn't know it was going to come out this soon, so it was nice to wake up to.”
Prince Harry and Meghan Markle at their first royal engagement following the announcement that they Getty
She's not sure if she'll get an invite to the royal wedding.
Samantha said on the TLC special she doesn't yet know if she'll get an invitation to Meghan and Harry's wedding in May. “I can't imagine how anyone would anticipate a normal, traditional, royal wedding. I mean they'd probably be watching across the lawn for the Markles to approach—‘oh, good God, they're coming! Close the curtains! Hide!'” she joked on the TLC special. “It's just so silly. We're so normal. And yes, I would love to go, but we have no idea what's going to happen.”
Pro surfing league tries to solve its butt problem Female surfers wearing high-cut bikini bottoms have been given reassurance their backsides won't be broadcast around the world. At least not close up. According to Stab Magazine, the World Surf...
Bikini barista: How I escaped an attempted rape at knifepoint A bikini barista in Washington credits her toned bod for helping her escape a terrifying attack at knifepoint. Madeline Guinto, 30, said she was able to strong-arm the alleged assailant,...
Why people are angry about this swimsuit photo shoot Another day, another controversy for the fashion industry. Insta-favorite bikini brand Solid & Striped enlisted its Summer 2018 “Swim Team” — consisting of 13 supermodels, including Lily Aldridge, Elsa Hosk...
These swimsuits are made out of actual trash Now you can pay money to swim in garbage. Australian fashion brand Seapia has created a swimwear line made from recycled plastic, including bags, bottles and fishing nets — perfect...
Alessandra Ambrosio has this retirement thing down The former Victoria's Secret model rocked a red bikini in Brazil.
Judge: Bikini baristas don't have to cover up yet SEATTLE — A federal judge has ruled in favor of bikini baristas in Everett, Washington, who sued the city over new dress code ordinances that ban bare skin. Multiple news...
Batshuayi also scored a brace in his last Chelsea game against Newcastle on 28 January
On-loan Chelsea striker Michy Batshuayi scored twice on his Borussia Dortmund debut as the German side beat Cologne.
Batshuayi, who moved to Dortmund until the end of the season on deadline day, swept home in the first half before adding a second on the hour with a clinical finish.
The goals came either side of a Simon Ziller strike before Jorge Mere equalised for the hosts.
But Batshuayi then set up Andre Schurrle to give Dortmund victory.
The win moves Dortmund up to second in the Bundesliga, six points behind leader Bayern Munich who have a game in hand.
CAIRO - Islamic State claimed responsibility on Wednesday for a knife and shooting attack in the Belgian city of Liege, but provided no evidence for its claim.
It said in an online statement a "soldier of the caliphate" had carried out the attack on Tuesday which killed two policewomen and a bystander.
Islamic State regularly claims attacks that are thought to be Islamist-inspired, often without providing any proof the group was involved.
Share on facebook Share on Twitter
Arthur McCann's tribute to veterans takes up most of the front lawn of his Norwood, Massachusetts, home.
It's a giant American flag, spray-painted using field paint. And it will stay there for several months before the paint grows out, he told USA TODAY.
“I just like to go big," he said. He estimates the flag measures roughly 30 by 20 feet.
McCann, who runs a maintenance department, said it took him about two hours to create the tribute.
McCann said his grandfather served in the Navy in World War II. The flag is an artistic tribute to those who served, he said.
This is the second time he's painted the flag before an annual Fourth of July party at his house. He said locals drive by to see the flag.
It's a patriotic community, he said. There are lots of flags displayed in his neighborhood. There also are a large number of veterans who live in the area, located southwest of Boston.
He hopes no one takes the flag the wrong way. It's not a political statement to him — it's a patriotic one: “I really do this for a positive message,” he said.
Opinion: July Fourth is a celebration of the founding freedoms we need to teach in our schools
Later on Wednesday, McCann plans to welcome about 75 people into his home for a Fourth of July party.
They'll eat chicken, burgers, mac and cheese, corn bread, sausages, and more.
“I just love America and the freedom and opportunities it gives and I love to be creative,” McCann told WBZ-TV.
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
Freeport-McMoRan Inc. says it would be impossible to keep mining Grasberg, its flagship copper-and-gold asset in Indonesia, if the company were to adopt new environmental standards unveiled by the state this month.
Within the last two weeks, the Phoenix-based miner was blindsided by “shocking and disappointing” environmental claims from the Ministry of the Environment and Forestry, Chief Executive Officer Richard Adkerson told analysts Tuesday during the company's first-quarter earnings call. “Nobody could mine this ore body in consistency with these decrees. You just physically can't do it.”
For 20 years, the world's largest publicly traded copper producer has been dumping tailings from Grasberg into a river to make their way downstream to a “cordoned off area” in the lowlands. The high-altitude mine is surrounded by rain forest in Indonesia's Papua province; its name means “grass mountain” in Dutch. The tailings arrangement was struck in the 1990s, after transparent discussions between Freeport, its joint venture partner and the government, Adkerson said on the call.
“It was always controversial,” but the system has been working ever since with “no unexpected environmental consequences,” he said.
Shares Plunge
Freeport shares accelerated their decline during the conference call, and were down 16 percent at $15.76 as of 2 p.m. in New York. That sent the shares toward the largest drop since January 2016 and made the company the worst performer on the S&P 500 index.
“The Indonesian government has firmed its stance on the use of a river system for tailings at Grasberg which the market is speculating could potentially prolong negotiations on divestment,” Jeremy Sussman, an analyst at Clarksons Platou Securities, said Tuesday in an email. The fact that the company lowered production guidance for 2018 and 2019, and raised its cost guidance for this year, is also a negative, he said.
As part of a deal to allow Freeport to keep operating in Indonesia, the government has insisted the company divest part of its unit to domestic buyers to bring local ownership to 51 percent. Negotiations have dragged on for more than a year, complicated by production rights held by Rio Tinto Group. Freeport and Rio became joint venture partners at Grasberg in the 1990s. Rio was given a share of production, above certain levels, in exchange for helping to pay for the mine's expansion.
Freeport's Indonesian unit is operating under a temporary mining license in the country that expires June 30. If a divestment deal isn't reached by then it will need the government to approve another temporary license. Meanwhile, PT-FI's export license expires in February 2019, the company said.
The main issue in the new environmental demands appears to be how much of the mine's tailings ultimately end up being recovered from the river. Historically, half of the mine's tailings must be stored on land, but the ministry is now calling for that to be 90 percent, which can't be done, Adkerson said on the call. The tailings are chemically benign, he said, drinking water in the area meets local standards, people fish nearby, and there is a “thriving” mud crab industry in the area.
The environmental rules seem to be politically motivated and have no impact on Freeport's view of the value of the asset, Adkerson said, as the changes would require such a fundamental overhaul of operations they would be impossible to implement. “It is not achievable. It cannot be done with 6 months, 24 months, 5 years. This is so far out of bounds it cannot be done.”
The company has been given six months “to discuss the issues with the environmental ministry,” Eric Kinneberg, a Freeport spokesman, said by email. “I would not characterize it as a deadline.”
The company has already reached out to Indonesian officials to work through the issue, the CEO said. An “academic” cost has been attributed to environmental damage, but there is no specific claim or fine against Freeport, Adkerson and Chief Financial Officer Kathleen Quirk told analysts on the call.
“They say that area was degraded by environmental impact. Of course it was. I mean, we had over two-and-a-half billion tons of ore to process, take the concentrate out, and deposit those tailings somewhere -- and that's where we did it,” Adkerson said.
“You simply can't say 20 years later we're going to change the whole structure of what we're doing,” he said. “You can't put the genie back in the bottle.”
North Central defeats Tech 66-24.
Also, congrats to Taylor Ramey as her basket was our Hot Shot of the Night. Check it out below!
A two-day-old baby was found in the North Dakota apartment building where a missing pregnant woman was last seen before she vanished.
Savanna Lafontaine-Greywind, 22, went missing Saturday after she went to visit a neighbor in her North Fargo apartment building for a dress fitting.
Her family, who says she is eight months pregnant, reported her disappearance that evening when she stopped answering their texts and calls, according to news station KVLY.
Fargo Police said that the newborn was found at the apartment complex Thursday afternoon and two people have been detained for questioning.
“We discovered an infant that appears to be a newborn infant. At this point in time, we're not able to confirm if that newborn infant is Savannah Greywind's child or not,” Fargo Police Chief David Todd said in a Facebook video.
It is not clear where in the apartment complex the baby was found, but the infant was healthy and brought to a hospital.
Todd said Lafontaine-Greywind was not in the apartment and there was no new information about her whereabouts. Police are treating the case as a criminal investigation.
“This is at a critical juncture of the investigation and we want to make sure we are as thorough as possible so we can get correct answers to all the questions people have,” Todd said.
Image copyright PA Image caption Rolando Aarons and the others charged were warned "all sentencing options are open"
Newcastle United winger Rolando Aarons has admitted affray over a brawl in a bar's VIP area.
Bottles were thrown and weapons used when Aarons and his family and friends clashed with at least five men in Livello on Newcastle's Quayside.
The 22-year-old, his mother Joan Jacob, 46, and four others were charged with violent disorder.
However, prosecutors accepted guilty pleas to the lesser charge of affray.
Newcastle Crown Court heard the October 2016 fight happened at about 02:00 and lasted 90 seconds.
Aarons and his group had been celebrating a birthday.
CCTV showed the melee "blew up out of nowhere," Judge Edward Bindloss said.
A member of the other group was the first to throw an item, he added, and one man in that party suffered a "nasty" head injury when door staff intervened.
Aarons and his mother, both of Montagu Avenue, Gosforth, Newcastle, were charged along with his cousin Garfield White, 23, a serving prisoner formerly of Wordsworth Road, Bristol.
His friends Kallum Phillips, 23, of Kensington Park, Bristol, and Jamar Collins, 22, of Walker Close, Bristol, faced the same charge.
Action against White's sister Sabrina, 24, was dropped after it was accepted she had acted as a peacemaker.
The judge granted all defendants bail, except White, ahead of sentencing on 22 May.
Aarons, who was born in Jamaica and raised in Bristol, joined the club in 2012.
He suffered injury set-backs, though, and has been loaned out to Hellas Verona in Italy.
A LACK OF resources and expertise in An Garda Síochána has resulted in what has been described as a “massive backlog” of white collar cases, leaving whistleblowers who report fraud in their workplaces waiting months for action.
The structures in place to investigate white collar crime in Ireland came under the spotlight, in particular after the collapse of former Anglo Irish Bank chairman Sean Fitzpatrick's High Court case.
Although the government has said there is ongoing reform in this area, gardaí and those working with whistleblowers have said any changes that have been made so far do not appear to be having much of an effect.
The issue was raised recently at a public meeting in Dublin for the Commission on the Future of Policing in Ireland. Philip Brennan, managing director of Raiseaconcern.com told the commission that the protected disclosures process is often frustrated by delays or a lack of expertise at the criminal investigation level.
Brennan's company offers a service to companies which allows their employees to confidentially report wrongdoing in the workplace. Brennan's team sets up a web based system and acts as a go-between for the employer and the workers so that the company can ensure it receives reports of wrongdoing but also protects the whistleblower's identity.
“If an issue is escalated which involves white collar crime, there is an obligation on us and employers to report it to gardaí. My sense is that gardaí don't have a proper mechanism set up to deal with those,” he told TheJournal.ie.
“We're going to local garda stations where they wouldn't have a clue what to do with white collar crime and you wouldn't expect them to. There is a huge backlog in assessing these cases – a lot of them don't get looked at for ages, so the pieces aren't being joined up.
“We need a system that links these things up together to look at patterns or behaviours in certain areas or people or businesses.”
Brennan said if whistleblowers feel their disclosure has gone “into a black hole, they get very upset” and it can undermine the whole process.
The garda national economic crime bureau, which includes fraud, money laundering, computer crime and corporate enforcement units, is responsible for investigating most white collar crimes.
A source said the reporting system can often result in delays in investigations, as the bureau's assessment unit works through a “massive backlog”.
“If you think about the level of stuff that's coming into the unit, they have to weed it out and see what is actionable and what is criminal – a lot of what comes in are civil matters and they only deal with criminal law,” they said.
“When they identify criminality, they also look at where the investigation is based and often things are sent out to that local station, to the local superintendent.”
More than 200 gardaí throughout the country have been trained in fraud investigation but in most cases, in most local stations, the garda taking a statement from someone about a white collar crime will not have the expertise required to investigate it.
“They are trying to get through the cases, but the fraud bureau has less than 100 staff which includes all ranks and civilian clerical staff as well. Fraud-based cases are very labour intensive, usually there are a lot of documents to go through and verify and that takes a lot of time.”
Although this type of crime is not violent, and usually a commercial entity is the injured party, often these cases involve very large sums of money.
Speaking in the Dáil this week, TD Dessie Ellis asked Tánaiste Simon Coveney about legislation to tackle these kinds of offences. He said “the message is clear that white collar crime pays”.
“I know pensioners who have been threatened with legal action because of non-payment of a television licence. They were vigorously pursued about this minor debt,” he told him.
Coveney said the government has launched a “white collar crime package” which includes a number of pieces of legislation.
He said some of these will be brought before the Dáil.
Image caption The ceremony to honour L/Bombadier Ben Parkinson in Doncaster
A former paratrooper who lost both his legs in a blast in Afghanistan has received the freedom of his home town.
L/Bombardier Ben Parkinson has been given the Freedom of the Borough of Doncaster.
He suffered more than 40 injuries and was not expected to survive when his vehicle detonated a landmine in 2006.
The honour recognises "his bravery, fighting spirit, total selflessness, determination and his ability to inspire", Doncaster Council said.
Live updates and more stories from Yorkshire
L/Bombardier Parkinson was awarded the MBE for his charity work by the Prince of Wales at a ceremony at Buckingham Palace in 2013.
He also carried the 2012 Olympic flame through Doncaster flanked by hundreds of people as he walked on prosthetic legs for nearly half an hour with an assistant.
He has also taken part in several long-distance challenges.
Image caption Ben Parkinson joined the 7th Parachute Regiment Royal Horse Artillery
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption He received an MBE honour in 2013
Image caption Crowds cheered him on as he carried the Olympic torch
L/Bombardier Parkinson was two weeks from finishing a tour of Afghanistan when his Land Rover hit a mine.
As well as brain damage that affected his memory and speech, he broke his pelvis, and his back in four places, shattered his arm and chest.
Ros Jones, the elected mayor, George Derx, the civic mayor and Jo Miller, the council's chief executive, signed the official Roll of Honour and presented L/Bombardier Parkinson with a framed scroll.
INDIANAPOLIS (WISH) — Indy Eleven diehard Mike Obremski gets interesting looks on game day, thanks to some unique company.
“Finally the team told the security staff, there is a guy coming in with a bag of bricks,” Obremski said.
Since 2014, Obremski has delivered personalized bricks to any Indy Eleven goal score or if the team's goalie posts a shutout.
“It started with the phrase ‘Brick by Brick' and it's continued to gain steam over the last couple of seasons,” Obremski said. “Don Smart once asked me how he was going to get his through customs back to Jamaica.”
As for the Eleven's leading scorer, forward Justin Braun, the bricks continue to add up at home.
“I have quite the pile going in my garage right now,” Braun said. “Once I figure out what to do with them, maybe it will turn into a sports memoribila room or something.”
Obremski's love for this tradition and this team is as solid as the 100-year-old clay.
And for the past few years he needed it.
Just after moving to Indianapolis, Obremski suddenly lost his best friend. It was his mom, Marie.
“Before she passed away, she would see pictures of me in the stands and she would chuckle. She would be really excited,” Obremski said.
It's apparent that this discovery of this afternoon oasis is no coincidence.
“Wife, daughter and Indy Eleven. That is just kind of how it goes.”
Sometimes, the roar of the crowd, really does reach the heavens.
Just ask the guy with the guy with the bricks.
Monday kicks off the final week of longtime New York drive-time radio host Mike Francesa on WFAN.
One thing his legions of fans will miss is the unintentional comedy that came up on his show over the years. That's bound to happen when it's one host in a studio with some wacky callers or — for a while — a simulcast.
Here are some of those unintentionally hilarious moments:
1. Whenever he called live sporting events on the air
Like the Jalen Adams shot in 2016.
2. The way he dealt with weird questions from callers
3. That time he cut off an on-air proposal from a caller
4. The “Al Albuquerque” gaffe
A recap: Back in 2011, a caller ask Francesa about a Tigers reliever whose name was really Al Albuquerque. The host thought he was being pranked, but then backtracked when he realized it wasn't a caller trying to get him.
5. The now-famous rant on being a great snowblower
6. His rants about non-sports topics like the death of Harambe the gorilla
From 2016:
“Can you imagine if that was your child in there? You're going to have people who are going to say, ‘Wait a second, I'm worried about the gorilla?' When your kid's in there, basically, maybe seconds from having his head crushed? We live in a world now where you are going to be more concerned with the gorilla than you are the little boy? What is wrong with you people!?”
7. “PUT MY MIC ON!”
8. That time he spilled his beloved Diet Coke on a broadcast
9. Last but not least: The time he once slept on the air
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) - A man already facing charges for three assaults has been charged with assaulting two Louisville Metro Corrections officers.
>> MUGSHOTS: May 2018 Roundup
Kevin J. Jackson, 34, of Louisville, is charged with two counts of assault on a police officer.
Around 6:15 p.m. May 28, Jackson bit and assaulted the officers, according to his arrest report. The assault happened inside the LMDC Main Jail complex at 400 So. 6th Street.
MORE FROM WAVE.COM
+ Suspect arrested in Greenwood Ave. shooting
+ Police: Man got $149K selling dumpsters online, but failed to deliver
+ ISP investigating fatal crash in Washington County
Both officers were taken to a hospital for treatment of their injuries.
Copyright 2018 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.
Another day, another ridiculous one-handed catch by Odell Beckham Jr. We should probably be used to this by now, but here we are drooling over another catch by the Pro Bowl receiver.
Days after wowing us with this beauty in warmups, the fourth-year pro went ahead and did this at Giants camp on Monday.
So this just happened at #GiantsCamp 👀🔥 pic.twitter.com/w3kFtK7gbK — New York Giants (@Giants) August 14, 2017
Did Beckham make that catch so much harder than it had to be? Of course he did. But who cares? Just sit back in awe of one of the most talented players we have ever seen on an NFL field. We also need to point out that he did that over Janoris Jenkins, who is one of the best corners in the league. Amazing.
This guy had the perfect reaction…
Same, random guy at practice. Same.
Watching the demolition of large buildings and sports arenas is strangely entertaining – assuming something isn't obstructing your view. At the NASCAR race track near Phoenix – now called ISM Raceway – the next best thing to a massive building implosion happened recently.
Part of a $178 million renovation project that started in January 2017 and is expected to be completed by the time NASCAR returns to the desert in November, the latest piece of the track to go was its giant, 150-foot scoring tower.
Set to overly dramatic music, watching this tower come crashing down is oddly captivating.
Petty Grandstand. ✔️
Media Center. ✔️
Next on the list: The ISM Raceway Scoring Tower. 🎥 Cue the dramatic music + enjoy! pic.twitter.com/h7mUVn7ROH — ISM Raceway (@ISMRaceway) April 23, 2018
Feels like someone should have yelled, “Timberrrrr!”
The next time NASCAR returns to Phoenix, ISM Raceway will look completely different. The Can-Am 500 in November is the penultimate race on the Cup Series schedule.
Gov Greitens Investigation lawmaker...
JEFFERSON CITY, Mo. - Less than a month away from the end of the regular session, legislators in the Missouri Capitol have a limited number of reasonable objectives. For many, the budget and articles of impeachment for Missouri's governor remain top of mind.
"Other legislation is probably going to be slow-moving," House Minority Whip Rep. Kip Kendrick (D-Columbia) said Monday.
Last week, the House minority leader filed a House resolution that would grant the special investigative committee, which has already released a report on Gov. Eric Greitens, the ability to start the impeachment process.
"It's been filed and it's basically sitting there at this point... But there is plenty of time remaining in session to deal with this issue currently," Kendrick said.
Legislators could call a special session to decide on a possible punishment for Gov. Greitens if there is not enough time in the regular session.
Sen. Caleb Rowden (R-Boone and Cooper), who has called on Greitens to step down from office, says other lawmakers can step up to get the budget done.
"In the absence of executive leadership the legislature steps up, and that's what we're doing," Rowden said.
Share
Jenny McGrath/Digital Trends
Your Instant Pot has stood by you through many dinner parties, neighborhood potlucks, culinary successes, and cooking disasters, and all that hard work the appliance did on your behalf is starting to leave its mark. Maybe your Instant Pot is becoming unreasonably grimy, or maybe it still smells like those pork carnitas you made a month ago. The good news is that one easy way to get your Instant Pot working like new again is simply to clean it. That's right, a good deep cleaning will get rid of all that built-up grime, food particles, and mineral deposits, and you'll be back at it with the meal-prepping and Sunday night family dinners. We'll walk you through an easy step-by-step guide on how to clean your Instant Pot quickly and effectively.
Step One: Unplug
First things first, make sure your Instant Pot is unplugged before you start cleaning. It's a good idea to unplug your Instant Pot whenever it's not in use, but on this occasion in particular, you'll want to make sure it's unplugged for the intensive cleaning you're about to do, both for your safety and also for the safety of your appliance.
Jenny McGrath/Digital Trends
Step Two: Cleaning housing unit
While the outside housing unit definitely can't go in the dishwasher, you should be able to clean it thoroughly with a rag. Get the rag good and damp with water and cleaning solution, and wipe down both the inside and outside of the main housing unit (the exterior of the appliance, which holds the inner pot). For an even more thorough cleaning, use a sponge to get those hard-to-remove food bits and mineral deposits. Don't forget the nooks and crannies where little particles like to lodge!
Step Three: Wash lid
Next, you'll want to give the lid a good wash. You can hand-wash it in the sink with warm water, and be sure to add a little dish soap to make sure you're removing any and all bacteria and other nasty things you definitely don't want in your food. You might need to use a vinegar solution to get rid of all residual smells.
Step Four: Check other crevices
The Instant Pot has some nooks and crannies that you might not think to clean all the time. Now is the time to get all those crevices and small parts where food residue may build up over time. Remove the Quick Release handle, and wash it with warm, soapy water. Check around the steam valve, which can get blocked if too much deposit builds up there. Remove the shield, located inside the lid, which blocks the valve. Depending on the model you own, the shield could pop off easily, or it may need to be unscrewed. Check your owner's manual, or play around with it unless you've removed it. Wash the shield in the sink. Lastly, take a look at the condensation collection cup, which should be located on the side of your appliance. It may have collected food residue over time, so give it a scrubbing in the sink if it looks like it needs a cleaning.
Step Five: clean sealing ring
The silicone ring that can be found on the underside of the lid will likely need a thorough cleaning. After all, that's what ensures your Instant Pot has a tight seal, and it's an easy spot for food particles or residual smells to lurk. You should also check it for any signs of damage, as silicone can start to crack over time. If you notice any tears in the silicone ring, you'll want to order a replacement immediately. The silicone ring is dishwasher-safe, so you can pop it in there on the top rack. Once it's thoroughly cleaned, place it back on the underside of the lid, and make sure you've got a secure fit.
Step Six: Wash the inner pot
The inner pot is dishwasher-safe, so you should be washing this regularly anyway. But since you're doing a deep clean, it doesn't hurt to pop the inner pot into the dishwasher, along with any of the other dishwasher-safe accessories you use with your Instant Pot, such as silicone molds and wire racks. Once the inner pot is out of the dishwasher, dry it off with a paper towel and use some household vinegar to give it a thorough wipe-down. This gets rid of any built-up residue from things like minerals in your water, or dish detergent. After all, you want your Instant Pot to look nice and shiny, don't you? This will help with any smells as well.
Jenny McGrath/Digital Trends
Step Seven: Steam clean and let dry
Now that everything is clean, you can reassemble everything. Don't forget about those small, easy-to-miss pieces, like the sealing ring and shield. Those are extra important to ensure you're using your Instant Pot safely, so definitely don't forget about them. Just in case the sealing ring still has a strange food smell, you can go a step further and deodorize the part with a vinegar steam clean. It's a simple process and can be done directly in the Instant Pot. Just add one cup of water, one cup of vinegar, and some lemon peels (for extra freshness!) to the inner pot, and run the Instant Pot's “Steam” setting for a few minutes. Be sure to allow pressure to release naturally, and when the lid is safe to open, you can remove the sealing ring and let it dry on the kitchen counter.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
A judge declined to set bond for an Ohio man during his first court appearance after allegedly ramming a vehicle into a crowd of people demonstrating against a white supremacist rally Saturday in Charlottesville, Va.
Charlottesville resident Heather Heyer was killed, and at least 19 other people were in injured in the attack.
The Charlottesville Police Department said Saturday that James Alex Fields Jr., 20, of Maumee, Ohio, was charged with one count of second-degree murder, three counts of malicious wounding and one count of hit-and run.
During today's Charlottesville court hearing, as NPR's Debbie Elliott reports, Fields "appeared by video from jail, dressed in a gray and white-striped prison jumpsuit."
Fields told Judge Robert Downer that he could not afford a lawyer. "Downer assigned a court-appointed attorney to represent Fields, and set another hearing for Aug. 25," Debbie adds. "Until then, the judge said, Fields would remain in jail with no bond in part because he has no ties to the area."
The Associated Press adds that the judge told the court that the "public defenders' office informed him it could not represent Fields because a relative of someone in the office was injured in Saturday's protest."
It's actually happening.
After years of trash talk, rumors, speculation and more trash talk, UFC superstar Conor McGregor is going to fight boxing legend Floyd Mayweather Jr. on August 26 in Las Vegas, USA TODAY Sports confirmed the news on Wednesday.
Mayweather is coming out of retirement at 49-0 to fight the biggest name in UFC, and while the fight will generate significant buzz, it will also bring along its share of criticism. McGregor isn't a boxer, and Mayweather is 40 years old. It will be a spectacle, but the boxing world wasn't particularly happy about the news.
A complete rookie/amateur "boxer" is fighting one of the best of this era? What is this? WWE? What a disgrace to boxing! #MayweatherMcGregor pic.twitter.com/mEq24iQFY3 — Eb (@mothatruckin_eb) June 14, 2017
The most pathetic dagger to #boxing has been done. A legend of the sport prepares to lose it against a #ufc champ. He needs the money… — John Hutchinson (@jono_1984) June 14, 2017
I admire what Floyd has done in boxing but this is a massive insult to the sport in my opinion, — Ramez Mahmood (@Ramez_Mahmood94) June 14, 2017
This is not how you grow boxing. This is driving a stake right through its heart. Shameful https://t.co/1sIbdcTGc9 — Caleb (@LarryBoyBarese) June 14, 2017
The build up to #MayweatherMcGregor will be epic. Possibly the best ever. The fight will possibly be the worst ever. — Boxing Insider.com (@BoxingInsider) June 14, 2017
OK, let me just make myself clear. #MayweatherMcGregor is an absurd fight for casual sports dummies. Not serious #boxing or #UFC fans — Umar Lee (@PenofUmar) June 14, 2017
My best case scenario for #MayweatherMcGregor : Floyd smacks Connor around for 3 rds, Connor starts throwing kicks, riot ensues. 🔥🔥🔥 — caleb truax (@GoldenCalebT) June 14, 2017
From Pacquiao to Berto to a man having his first professional boxing fight. — Walkie the Great (@OfficialWalks) June 14, 2017
Floyd only an 8-1 favorite?! Can I borrow $8,000,000 from someone, I'm trying to make a mill. — James (@FoloPunch) June 14, 2017
So @KevinI is report Floyd Mayweather vs Conor McGregor is a done deal. If McGregor beats Floyd I'll quit Twitter. https://t.co/CpTDeBRxjB — Gautham Nagesh (@gnagesh) June 14, 2017
I don't care about the fight so does not bug me. Won't be spending any money on it https://t.co/6JtcqnSiXr — Ernie Gabion (@eaner0919) June 14, 2017
Fools and their money are soon parted, and by soon I mean Aug. 26. The “Fool me once / Fool me twice” axiom apparently applies here. — David Greisman (@fightingwords2) June 14, 2017
And then they set the PPV price at $499.95 and people still bought it. #MayweatherMcGregor pic.twitter.com/eUi2Gd5f6K — Daniel Attias (@Dan_Attias) June 14, 2017
My preview of the Mayweather-McGregor fight. pic.twitter.com/SS7SSv4rvG — Daniel Attias (@Dan_Attias) June 14, 2017
Pretty sure I can cover Conor/Floyd as I already work in a world where I have to pretend fights are actual contests. — Brent Brookhouse (@brentbrookhouse) June 14, 2017
So this is the fight that is going to make him 50-0? 🙄 Does it even count? 🤷🏼‍♀️ — Crystina Poncher (@CrystinaPoncher) June 14, 2017
Not everyone was upset, though.
😃 — Dana White (@danawhite) June 14, 2017
Read more from USA TODAY Sports.
WYOMING, OH (AP) — The father of an American college student released by North Korea and now hospitalized in a coma says his son was “brutalized” by his captors.
Fred Warmbier told Fox News' Tucker Carlson on Wednesday from his Ohio home that his son, Otto, “is not in great shape right now.”
“Otto has been terrorized and brutalized for 18 months by a pariah regime in North Korea,” the father said in an interview scheduled to air Thursday night.
The 22-year-old University of Virginia student was medically evacuated from North Korea and flown to Cincinnati late Tuesday. He was then taken by ambulance to a hospital.
Fred Warmbier said he does not know exactly what happened to his son during his detention. He and his wife, Cindy, planned a Thursday news conference.
The public appearance will be at Wyoming High School, one of Ohio's top-rated schools. Warmbier graduated from there in 2013 as class salutatorian and had played soccer.
Residents of the northern Cincinnati suburb tied blue-and-white ribbons, the school colors, to trees near the family home. Joy at his release was mixed with concern after his parents said they were told he had been in the coma for over a year.
Former New Mexico Gov. Bill Richardson, a former U.S. ambassador to the United Nations, said there should be an investigation into what happened to Warmbier leading to this “tragic situation.”
Richardson, a Democrat, credited the Department of State with securing Warmbier's return from North Korea without any preconditions but said a forceful response from the U.S. government would be required “if its determined that there was a cover-up and Otto's condition was not disclosed and he didn't get proper treatment.”
City councilwoman Jenni McCauley said the tight-knit community was “thrilled” to have Warmbier back.
“Even though they're saddened by his condition, they're just glad for the family that he is home,” McCauley said. “For any parent, this is their worst nightmare. … We're hoping that he will be OK.”
She called him “a fabulous young man” who was known as intelligent, personable and well-liked in school and in the community.
Ellie Boettcher, a 14-year-old rising freshman at Wyoming High, where Warmbier's sister will be a sophomore, said students were elated.
“We're just really glad that he's able to come back,” Boettcher said. “Nothing really bad ever happens in Wyoming. It's kind of like a bubble. So it's really tragic. But luckily he is back, and I believe he will make a full recovery.”
Warmbier was serving a 15-year prison term with hard labor in North Korea. He had tearfully confessed to trying to steal a propaganda banner while visiting. He was released Tuesday, more than 17 months after being detained.
Such detentions in the totalitarian nation have added to tensions between Washington and Pyongyang. Three Americans remain in custody.
The U.S. government accuses North Korea of using such detainees as political pawns. North Korea accuses Washington and South Korea of sending spies to overthrow its government.
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said Tuesday that his department was continuing “to have discussions” with North Korea about the release of the other three imprisoned American citizens.
The term “portable” speaker is used rather broadly. It can mean anything from a speaker you can physically move away from an outlet to a speaker you can fit in your hand. If you're looking for a true portable speaker — as in easy to pick up and take with you — check out this Anker SoundCore Nano Bluetooth Speaker, now just $17 (66 percent off) on Amazon.
More: The Best Bluetooth Speaker You Can Buy
The Anker SoundCore Nano Bluetooth Speaker weighs only 2.88 ounces, and is so compact that it easily fits into your bag or even your pocket. It measures just 2.13 inches by 2.13 inches by 1.1 inches. Pick it up while you're on the way out the door, and rest assured the device won't slow you down. The impressively tiny speaker has a sleek aluminum-alloy shell that's both stylish and resilient. And although it's a small object, it packs big, loud, “crystal-clear” sound thanks to the built-in 3w audio driver.
The portable Anker speaker uses Bluetooth 4.0, which provides universal compatibility with all Bluetooth-enabled devices. It has a 33-foot connection range and built-in noise-canceling microphone to deliver clear hands-free calling even at a distance. The small speaker packs a battery life of four hours on a single charge, which is enough to supply the music for an afternoon out on the trails, or an evening party with your closest friends.
Perhaps best of all, this Bluetooth speaker is backed by a well-trusted brand. Anker has sold to more than 20 million satisfied customers and maintains a 99 percent positive rating. The company also offers warranties on its devices, in this case an 18-month warranty with support included.
The Anker SoundCore Nano Bluetooth Speaker normally retails for $50 but is currently discounted on Amazon to only $17, giving you a 66 percent (or $33) discount for a limited time only.
$17 on Amazon
Taking everyone by surprise Tuesday morning, U.K. Prime Minister Theresa May in a shock statement called an early U.K. general election to be held on June 8.
Since taking office last summer, the prime minister has consistently ruled out a snap election, saying the country needed a period of stability following the June 23 Brexit vote to split with the European Union. However, in her unscheduled speech on Tuesday, May explained a vote is needed now to unite the U.K. parliament ahead of the crucial divorce negotiations with the European Union.
“At this moment of enormous national significance there should be unity here in Westminster, but instead there is division,” she said.
“Our opponents believe that because the Government's majority is so small, our resolve will weaken and that they can force us to change course. They are wrong.”
May's Conservative Party currently holds a parliamentary majority of 17. If she succeeds in increasing her majority in the general election, it would give her more freedom to push through her Brexit agenda and make her less dependent on support from euroskeptic members of her own party.
The unexpected move to call a snap election immediately sparked a move in financial markets. The pound GBPUSD, +0.8436% jumped to $1.2654, after trading as low as $1.2515 ahead of May's statement.
Read: Pound rises as Theresa May calls for new U.K. election
Here's some of the initial reaction from market analysts:
“This is a complete reversal of policy from the Prime Minister having repeatedly stated she wouldn't go down this road. However, opinion polls show she is an incredibly strong position to win her own mandate rather than being hamstrung by David Cameron's 2015 election promises... This will obviously eat into the two year window for Brexit negotiations, but given the EU is unlikely to be prepared to start face to face negotiations until early June it shouldn't be too damaging. Instead it perhaps suggests that the Prime minister is confident in her Brexit negotiation strategy and views that a strong performance at the election can give her positive momentum and confidence as the Brexit meetings start.” — James Knightley, senior economist at ING
“Given the current polling numbers amongst the U.K. electorate, sterling volatility should be quite short-lived — there was actually greater volatility before we knew what the announcement was. However, we have seen a fall in the FTSE 100 immediately following the announcement, which highlights market concerns about the impact of further political upheaval for U.K.-listed businesses. Overall, positions on sterling have been short. But in recent hours, traders started to take long positions as they took advantage of the short-term dip. The rebound in the price of sterling highlights that markets don't expect a significant change in policy direction as a result of today's announcement.” — Mati Greenspan, senior market analyst at eToro
“For investors it adds another layer of complexity to an already uncertain picture for UK and European assets. Volatility is likely to remain elevated over the coming weeks. And as elections are so unpredictable, there is always the outside risk it could spark a reversal in the entire Brexit process. Can the Lib Dems cobble together a pro-Remain ticket that upsets the Tory apple cart? However on the current polling the likelihood is we will be left with a government on a more secure footing that will ensure Brexit means Brexit.” — Neil Wilson, senior market analyst at ETX Capital
Image copyright Family handout Image caption Christina Abbotts was described as "sweet and loving" by her family
A man accused of murdering a woman who failed to turn up for her birthday party is facing a trial.
The body of Christina Abbotts, 29, was found at a flat in Highams Hill, Gossops Green, in Crawley, on 25 May.
The preliminary cause of death from a post-mortem examination was blunt force trauma to the head, Sussex Police said.
Zahid Naseem, 47, of Elm Close, in Amersham, Buckinghamshire, appeared at Hove Crown Court, where the date for a trial was set for 10 December.
The businessman is due back in court on 16 July to enter a plea.
Mr Naseem's lawyer, Lewis Power QC, said: "I have taken instructions that would indicate a not guilty plea to the charge of murder."
Statement from 100 Black Men of America, Inc. in response to the horrifying events that occurred in Charlottesville, Virginia
The 100 Black Men of America, Inc. is profoundly saddened by the loss of life and deeply disturbed by the mobilization and organized bigotry that descended on Charlottesville, Virginia on Friday and Saturday.
First, we offer our heartfelt condolences to those who lost their lives, those who were injured, their families and the community.
We expect the full force of the United States Government, local law enforcement, and elected representatives to bring to justice those responsible for inciting the violence that led to unfathomable carnage and deadly outcomes.
The vile spirit of hatred and violence permeating in this country will continue until those in power take an aggressive and intentional stand against domestic terrorists, white supremacist, Nazi and white nationalists groups.
Curley M. Dossman, Chairman of the Board
Brian Pauling, President and CEO
100 Black Men of America, Inc.
Global Headquarters, Atlanta, GA
About 100 Black Men of America, Inc.
100 Black Men of America, Inc. is a global nonprofit mentoring organization committed to the intellectual development of youth and the economic empowerment of the African American community through promoting the precepts of respect for family, spirituality, justice, and integrity. It began with one chapter in New York City in 1963, incorporated in 1986 and today has more than 100 chapters reaching 125,000 youth in the United States, London, and Turks and Caicos Islands.
The EHF legal team is looking for an intern to join its department for a 6-month period based out of the EHF Office in Vienna
Internship: Legal department
The EHF Legal Department has a vacancy for an intern starting on 1 September 2018.
Key tasks and responsibilities
As a legal intern, you will report to the In-House Legal Counsel and work closely with the Legal Senior Manager.
The main tasks are as follows:
Provide legal support in all areas of the legal department
Undertake researches and legal follow up upon request
Draft documentation in the field of disciplinary proceedings
Support commission meetings and other activities in the legal field
Your personal input as to optimising and improving processes and regulations will be encouraged to assist with the further development of the EHF legal department.
Person specification
Master's degree in Law (sports specialisation appreciated)
Fluent in English (written and spoken, including legal terms)
Willingness to understand the sport ecosystem
Pro-active and creative attitude
Organisation description
The EHF is the umbrella organisation for handball in Europe and is located in Vienna's 12th district. The federation and its marketing subsidiary, EHF Marketing GmbH, are responsible for a wide range of activities from education and development to marketing and sponsorship as well as the organisation of major competitions and events including the EHF EURO, VELUX EHF Champions League and Women's EHF Champions League.
With responsibility for the federation's legal in-house services, our small legal team works across all of the EHF's business units and events on a wide range of tasks.
Submitting an application
For more information or to apply for the ‘Legal intern' position send your current CV and a covering letter explaining why you would like to work for the EHF and what you feel that you can bring to the role by email to: Mr Loïc Alves, In-House Legal Counsel, alves@eurohandball.com.
Vienna, Austria.
Download information>>
TEXT:
Video
A series of events marking the centenary of the birth of Sir Kyffin Williams will put him "on the global map".
That's according to David Wynn Meredith, chairman of the Kyffin Williams Trust, who has been behind an exhibition in the artist's hometown of Llangefni, Anglesey.
The show, at Oriel Mon, started on Saturday and runs until 1 July.
Sir Kyffin, who died aged 88 in September 2006, is widely regarded as the defining artist of Wales during the 20th Century.
Halfway to the playoffs, and two stories are emerging in NASCAR's premier series with one common theme: Points.
There are the playoff points that Kyle Busch and Kevin Harvick are accumulating at a rate quick enough that half of this year's championship field might be sewed up by September.
And then there are the “regular” points that will become even more of a scramble over the next 13 races to snatch whatever berths remain in the 16-driver playoff field.
There have been six winners through the first 13 races, mostly because of Busch (four victories) and Harvick (five). If the two hottest drivers in NASCAR's premier series can maintain their torrid pace, and if some combination of Martin Truex Jr., Joey Logano, Clint Bowyer and Austin Dillon also can repeat (which seems likely), there probably will be more spots available on points than ever in the five seasons the playoffs were reconfigured in 2014.
The playoff lineup is filled first by winners, and if there are fewer than 16, the remaining slots are awarded on points. The record for most points-eligible qualifiers was five in 2015 (Jamie McMurray, Jeff Gordon, Ryan Newman, Paul Menard and Bowyer), and there seems a good chance for at least as many or more this year.
As NASCAR grinds through the grueling summer stretch with slick racetracks and oppressive heat, the tension could ratchet up against the backdrop of a points race – particularly with a fresh 2018 schedule that includes another 1.5-mile track (Chicagoland) and a new cutoff race.
In the regular-season finale Sept. 9 at Indianapolis Motor Speedway, NASCAR seems to be learning toward using the All-Star Race rules package that mixes restrictor plates and aero ducts to bunch the field.
The current championship standings should make it a no-brainer, given there is virtually no chance of having 16 playoff berths for 16 winners.
If there is a points battle of, say, more than a dozen drivers vying for the last six or seven playoff berths, it could turn the Brickyard into the free-for-all that the 2.5-mile track desperately needs to help reinvigorate dwindling crowds.
Though last year's race was among the most memorable because of the three-wide battles for the lead at the front, it could be even more captivating to watch several drivers duel for positions within the pack in the waning laps if the racing resembles the action produced in the All-Star Race.
Thus, Busch and Harvick inadvertently could make the Brickyard a must-watch event this season – while simultaneously turning the playoffs into a frenzied scrum of 14 drivers for two spots in Miami.
While it isn't a foregone conclusion that they will be in the championship finale, Busch (25 playoff points) and Harvick (24) are tracking ahead of where defending series champion Truex was last season (16 after 13 races). At this rate, both will claim mega-bonuses from their regular-season standings and would enter the playoffs as co-favorites.
Kyle Busch has won at Charlotte Motor Speedway, which means he has won at every track on the Cup circuit.
This STILL will be true Sept. 30 when the first race is run on Charlotte's road course. Yes, the track will carry a “Charlotte Motor Speedway Roval” designation on the schedule, and its debut will mean that he won't have won at every Cup layout.
But Busch still will have won at every track for several reasons.
Start with the fact that the “Roval” course will use all but 400 feet of the 1.5-mile oval that Busch finally conquered Sunday night in the Coca-Cola 600.
And let's remember that many famous ovals also have road courses that hold races, and there is little distinction made in designating them.
Jeff Gordon and Michael Schumacher are both five-time winner at Indianapolis Motor Speedway. Will Power became a first-time winner of the Indianapolis 500 but is a four-time winner at IMS. Mario Andretti, A.J. Foyt and Jamie McMurray have multiple signature victories at Daytona International Speedway – in the Daytona 500 and Rolex 24.
NASCAR apparently will be recognizing the Charlotte Motor Speedway Roval as a “new” track, which opens a Pandora's box of questions about retrofitting its record books.
Tracks rarely are given such reclassifications after repaves or reconfigurations that change the complexions of their races. The Roval layout might be on a different level, but so is Richmond Raceway's 65-year evolution.
It started as a half-mile dirt track before being paved in 1968. Two decades later, it was torn down and rebuilt as the current 0.75-mile track.
None of this is abundantly obvious (unless you have an eagle eye for varying distances) on Racing-Reference.info, the deservedly respected bible of NASCAR historical information. Richard Petty has 13 wins at Richmond – not 10 on pavement and three on dirt (which should count as much as a “new” track as turning a 1.5-mile oval into a road course).
Busch apparently was told less than an hour after becoming the first driver of the modern era to win at every track that (because NASCAR is counting the Charlotte roval as a “new” track) the record would last for four months .
How about letting him enjoy it for much longer than that? As in, until the next time a new track actually is added to the schedule?
There's always annual talk about which NASCAR driver might be the next to attempt the Indianapolis 500-Coca-Cola 600 doubleheaders.
But how about IndyCar drivers coming the other direction?
Power's Indy 500 win, coupled with his 2014 championship, should allow him to write his own ticket with team owner Roger Penske, who has IndyCar and NASCAR teams under the same roof in Mooresville, North Carolina. Power has expressed a desire to race a stock car, as have teammates Simon Pagenaud and Josesf Newgarden (who also have IndyCar titles).
“Hell, yes,” Newgarden said last week. “I love NASCAR. I think it's awesome. Open wheel cars captured me as a kid. That doesn't mean I don't like stock cars. But I also like this resurgence of drivers who say they want to do everything. I think there are a lot of guys who do want to do everything and always have.
Joked Pagenaud: “I'm very French but could do it. I can drink coffee while I drive, no problem. I can do it.”
Newgarden is frustrated by how segmented racing has become for drivers in the 21st century. “You have to have a side,” he said. “You have to choose one. I think it's so stupid. I like it all. I watch everything. I watch NASCAR stuff. We all do. We all follow that stuff. We'd all love to try it.
“When you drive for Roger, you have to first focus on what you're hired for, and you're hired to win the Indianapolis 500 and the championship, and if you do a great job at that, maybe one day you'll get an opportunity to try a stock car. I hope that happens.”
The growth of road courses in both the Xfinity (Road America is a longtime IndyCar venue) and Cup series also could offer more opportunities. James Hinchcliffe is among the IndyCar drivers who reportedly has been exploring one-off road-course rides in NASCAR.
And based how he handled single-file restarts Sunday in Indy, we wouldn't mind seeing Alexander Rossi getting a shot, too.
For the second time this season, four Chevrolet drivers (Jimmie Johnson, Jamie McMurray, Kyle Larson and Alex Bowman) finished in the top 10 at Charlotte. It also happened at Bristol Motor Speedway, but accomplishing the feat at a 1.5-mile track is an encouraging sign for a new Camaro that has seemed to lack the aerodynamic advantage of Ford and Toyota.
The impact of NASCAR's new Optical Scanning Station certainly seems to have helped Ford drivers, who have been hinting since the preseason that the new inspection system would benefit their Fusions with more rear downforce.
But the OSS also might have had an opposite effect on the Camaro, whose design and development was initiated before teams saw the system in action for the first time last fall (in demonstration mode during the playoffs).
Hendrick Motorsports recently acquired an OSS for its shop, joining several powerhouse teams that purchased theirs before the season. NASCAR managing director of competition and innovation John Probst said as many as 10 teams have OSS systems.
That isn't unusual given that teams would have their own sets of templates when NASCAR used the metal silhouettes for measurements, but Probst said the efficiency and accuracy of the OSS (which relies on two dozen high-definition cameras and projectors) makes it a more attractive option for teams.
Though NASCAR offers an OSS for teams' use at its R&D Center in Concord, North Carolina, many rely on OSS in their shops because they take measurements throughout the car-building process.
“I think we anticipated teams would buy this,” Probst said on last week's episode of the NASCAR on NBC Podcast. “Teams measuring (cars) multiple times as it goes throughout the shop, that's a very reasonable thing to do.
“There are a lot of reasons to buy the technology. It's relatively simple, the results are fairly quick and accurate. It's relatively cheaper compared to many other solutions. It's a more efficient system in general.”
Listen to Probst on the podcast via the embed below or on Apple Podcasts, Stitcher, Spotify or Google Play.
Erik Jones had a miserable night in the pits with a magnificent car Sunday at Charlotte, and it was the pit stop between Stages 3 and 4 that really had to hurt.
Jones' No. 20 Toyota entered in second place but left in 19th because of a stop that went several seconds longer because his front tire changer switched to a backup pit gun.
The reason? Kasey Kahne ran over the primary gun's hose while entering his stall just ahead, ripping it from changer Houston Stamper's hands.
It would seem unfair to suffer because of the actions of a rival driver who faces no repercussions at all. But there are two important rules of thumb to consider.
–A driver entering his stall has every right to enter as sharply and swiftly as desired (without violating another car's pit box).
–Each pit crew is responsible for keeping its equipment out of harm's way.
The only feasible way that NASCAR could have penalized Kahne would be if he'd gone out of his way to affect Jones' stop.
In two of the past three seasons, the Coca-Cola 600 has been a runaway in which the winner has led at least 94 percent of the laps.
The record for highest percentage of laps led in the previous 55 years of NASCAR's longest race was 83 percent (Jim Paschal in 1967).
How is this dominance possible in a race that historically has demanded constant adjustments to keep up with a temperature-sensitive surface that can vary wildly over the course of four hours in the transition from blazing hot sun to a cool evening?
The simplest explanation might be that the Charlotte reigns of Truex in 2016 and Busch this year underscore the importance of being in clean air on an aerodynamic superspeedway.
Crew chiefs Cole Pearn and Adam Stevens can tune the car better with their championship-caliber stars able to provide the best feedback in static conditions. And with teams running high-fidelity simulations nonstop, there is more information on making strong setup calls than ever.
Sunday's race sadly marked the third time in four years that a fan has climbed a catchfence during a Cup race. While it thankfully didn't necessitate a race stoppage at Charlotte (unlike an infamous incident at Richmond and similar to one at Dover last year) because it was defused so quickly, it still begs the question: Why is this still happening?
We've written this before, but having a fan fall onto a hot track on national TV would be a really bad thing, not just for the event but racing in general. Whatever tracks have to spend to rectify this so that fans stay off the chain link in the future, it's worth it.
CHICAGO — Clayton Custer matched his season high with 23 points to lead six players in double figures and Loyola-Chicago took control early and coasted to a 97-75 victory over Missouri State on Saturday.
Custer made 9 of 11 shots, including all seven of his attempts inside the 3-point arc, and handed out six assists for the Ramblers (19-5, 9-3 Missouri Valley Conference). Marques Townes totalled 14 points, six rebounds and four assists, while Cameron Krutwig added 13 points and seven boards. Aundre Jackson scored 12 off the bench on 5-of-6 shooting and Donte Ingram and Ben Richardson both scored 11 for Loyola-Chicago, which shot 61 per cent from the floor and buried half its 20 3-pointers. The Ramblers are off to their best start in MVC play since the 1986-87 season.
Freshman Mustafa Lawrence made 5 of 9 from 3-point range and scored a career-high 19 points for the Bears (15-10, 5-7). J.T. Miller tossed in 15 points, while Alize Johnson chipped in with 14 points, nine rebounds and five assists. Missouri State dropped its fifth straight game.
MCLEAN, Va. — Edward Kovari's 18-day ordeal began Sept. 12, 2016, when some guys in a van showed up to take him from a jail in Virginia to Texas, where he was wanted on charges that he had stolen a car.
But the trip from Winchester, Virginia, to Houston took more than two weeks in a crowded van where inmates had to urinate in bottles and take turns sleeping on the van's floor, according to a federal lawsuit filed Tuesday by Kovari. The private company that contracted with the jail to transport Kovari, 39, kept him shackled in the back of that van for 18 days as it wound through the country picking up inmates in an effort at cost efficiency.
The charge on which Kovari was brought to Texas was later dismissed.
The company that transferred him, Nashville-based Prisoner Transportation Services, bills itself as the nation's largest prisoner extradition company. It did not respond Tuesday to messages seeking comment.
The lawsuit, filed by civil rights lawyers Jia Cobb, Glenn Schlactus and Orly May, alleges Prisoner Transportation Services prioritizes “transporting as many detainees, with as few stops for rest or care, as possible over their obligation to safely transport those in their custody.”
In Kovari's case, that meant 18 days, most of which he spent in shackles. On only two or three nights did the van actually stop at a jail where prisoners were allowed to get out and spend the night in a bed.
Inside the van, no provisions were made for restroom stops, and inmates urinated into bottles which spilled and sloshed on the floor of the van. In one case, a prisoner defecated on the van floor, and in another instance, a prisoner vomited. The lawsuit alleges that nothing was done to clean the mess. “He spent the duration of the transport sitting in human waste and filth,” the lawyers wrote.
The van was poorly ventilated with no functioning air conditioning, according to the lawsuit. At one point, according to the suit, the van pulled over on the highway after a flat tire and inmates were left in the back of the van. When police responded to the breakdown, one officer threatened the guards with arrest if they did not let the inmates out for fresh air and an opportunity to relieve themselves.
The van was so crowded — at times with up to 15 passengers — that inmates including Kovari took turns lying on the floor with other inmate's feet on top for the opportunity to sleep.
Kovari was also not permitted to take his medication and asked to be taken to the hospital on a daily basis, according to the lawsuit. But the drivers responded that that any stop at the hospital would require all the other inmates to wait in the van for as long as Kovari was hospitalized. As a result, according to the suit, the other inmates threatened Kovari if he insisted on a hospital stop.
When Kovari finally made it to the Harris County Jail, his systolic blood pressure — the so-called top number — exceeded 200 and he was admitted to the jail infirmary, where his condition did not stabilize for two days.
Kovari's lawyers declined to make him available for an interview.
Alex Friedmann, managing editor of Prison Legal News, a publication focusing on prisoner rights and geared toward inmates, said stories like Kovari's are not uncommon. He said the private prisoner transport industry has been plagued with problems for more than a dozen years, with little effort toward reform. The only federal law governing the issue is designed to protect the public from inmate escapes as opposed to securing inmate safety.
“Dropping people off in a timely manner is not the priority,” he said.
The inmates who are most often subjected to these transports are, like Kovari, pretrial detainees who are presumed innocent, Friedmann said.
FILE - This undated photo provided by Eric Paddock shows his brother, Las Vegas gunman Stephen Paddock. On Sunday, Oct. 1, 2017, Stephen Paddock opened fire on the Route 91 Harvest Festival killing dozens and wounding hundreds. Police who have yet to find Paddock's motive for the massacre said Friday, that they will enlist the public's help with billboards that ask people with credible information to call the FBI. Courtesy of Eric Paddock via AP, File)
Liam Gallagher, “As You Were” (Warner Bros.)
As swaggering frontman of 1990s British titans Oasis, Liam Gallagher understood that rock stardom is three-quarters attitude — and, in his case, one quarter love of The Beatles.
Gallagher's burning bravado fuels his solo debut “As You Were,” an invigorating rock ‘n' roll record that shows he remains cheerfully in thrall to the Fab Four.
Oasis' songs were largely written by older brother Noel Gallagher, and Liam's solo effort is missing that input, as well as the volatile sibling rivalry that gave Oasis performances a distinct frisson.
But the album, written by Gallagher with in-demand songwriters including Adele collaborator Greg Kurstin, makes sharp use of his strengths. The strut, the sneer and the soft-centred love of a good tune are all on prominent display.
Gallagher's nasal voice is still among the most distinctive in music, and it's deployed on hooky tracks produced with robust sizzle, crunch and thump. There are fuzzy guitars, woozy harmonies, horns, handclaps — even a “Sgt. Pepper”-style fanfare on “When I'm in Need.”
Lyrically, Gallagher offers plenty of aggressive attitude (“You think I'm giving up/I gotta rhino hide”) alongside hints of new maturity for the 45-year-old singer. “For what it's worth, I'm sorry for the hurt” he sings on “For What it's Worth.”
He also indulges in some cringe-inducing rhyming couplets, though the punchy single “Wall of Glass” pleasingly rhymes “one direction” with “resurrection.”
“You Better Run” pairs “gimme shelter” and “helter skelter,” managing to namecheck songs by both The Beatles and The Rolling Stones.
That's the thing about “As You Were.” You could see it as 1960s pastiche in modern-day packaging. But it's done with such brazen verve that many listeners won't care.
Ivanka could turn out to be the best part of Trump's presidency With her fierce intelligence and natural poise, Ivanka Trump is expected to be more than just a first daughter. Since she was born 35 years ago, the cherubic blonde has...
Carl Icahn comes away as big winner from Trump's victory Carl Icahn is already profiting from Donald Trump's victory. The billionaire activist who campaigned for the Republican was at the Trump victory party Tuesday night when he excused himself —...
Trump's voters were 'hidden' in plain sight PITTSBURGH — Dr. Anthony Ripepi wants the cosmopolitan class — who so misread everything about this election cycle — to know the first thing they might want to shed is...
Thousands of Americans are trying to jump ship to Canada Immigration lawyers have been flooded with calls from rattled US citizens looking to jump ship to Canada since Donald Trump's surprise win over Hillary Clinton. “The seven-fold increase of...
This election reminds us that social media is not reflective of real life Two Americas awoke on Wednesday morning: One feeling elated with a renewed sense of pride in its country; another, somber, zombie-like and convulsing in shock. But neither America believes the...
De Blasio on Trump: at least a New Yorker won Mayor de Blasio spent the campaign cycle trashing Donald Trump — but on Wednesday he was quick to find a silver lining a day after the mogul trounced Hizzoner's pal,...
It's hard to faze New Yorkers ... but Trump just did The 2016 presidential election was one of the closest contests in recent years, and Donald Trump's victory was truly shocking for many. We took to the streets to find out...
Devastated Hillary supporters just can't believe it's over One of the longest and bitterest presidential campaigns has come to an end, and Hillary Clinton lost to Donald Trump. Her passionate supporters had gathered for potential victory parties, only...
Bill Belichick defends Trump letter before descent into farce New England Patriots coach Bill Belichick claimed Wednesday that the fawning letter he sent Donald Trump a day before the Republican scored a White House victory wasn't “politically motivated.” “I...
Share On more Share On more
As you have probably heard by now, Roseanne Barr's revival of her popular sitcom, Roseanne , was canceled by ABC on Tuesday soon after the star's racist remarks about Valerie Jarrett , a senior adviser to former president Barack Obama.
Barr compared Jarrett, a black woman, to a character form Planet of the Apes, prompting ABC executives to scrap her show, even though it had been renewed weeks before due to its impressive ratings.
Barr apologized to Jarrett and released a contrite statement through her publicist.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Having seen this morning's weather forecast, many of you would have been regretting not owning a pair of snow shoes but, as is often the case, the promised heavy snowfall just didn't come.
A yellow weather warning for snow and ice was in place until 4pm today (Monday), with heavy snow predicted between 1 and 3pm.
There continues to be a yellow weather warning for ice on roads and pavements in Croydon until tomorrow (Tuesday), so it is wise to remain cautious when out and about over the next few days.
So where was the snow?
According to Coulsdon's very own weather expert Ian Currie, Croydon was spared the worst of winter by air from France.
He said: "There was an area of low pressure which came up from the south, from France and the Channel, which just warmed up Croydon enough.
"It was just bad luck for those who love snow.
"If that low had not arrived, children might have had a day off school today."
Yes, it snowed a bit here and there, but after we were promised hours of prolonged snow this afternoon, you may be asking why the forecast was off the mark.
So why are the forecasts often wrong?
It's most likely because weather experts say snow is the hardest kind of weather to predict.
This is largely due to forecasters being unsure as to whether a given area will see snow or just rain.
Mr Currie said: "We're talking about very dynamic, complex systems. A weather front could be thousands and thousands of miles away, but if it arrives just a little bit off the predicted path, the weather can be totally different.
"So in north London you had a lot of snow, but down in Croydon there was just a sprinkling in my garden.
"Snow is very hard to predict because in this country we're so close to that critical point where the temperature drops enough for precipitation to fall as snow.
(Image: Ian Stratton)
"In Sweden, you could safely predict that a weather front would bring snow, but here just a change of a couple of degrees could make the difference."
Although precipitation often falls from the sky as snow, it has mostly melted by the time it hits our streets.
Temperatures at ground level are far warmer than even 25 metres up in the air and the rain we see may well have been snow seconds before it hits the ground.
Why are we less likely to see snow in Croydon?
First of all, in built-up areas like Croydon, snow is far less likely to fall because of warmer surroundings.
The snow melts as it reaches the levels of the higher buildings, meaning the more built-up the area, the more likely the snow will have melted.
Often you will see that within the boundaries of the M25, rain and sleet will fall, but outside its parameters in more rural areas there may be heavier snow.
Mr Currie said: "Croydon is about two or three degrees warmer than rural areas just a little to the south, and, of course, it is built up. Lots of buildings make the snow actually landing less likely.
(Image: Dave Cook)
"It is quite low-lying too. The pattern is usually for snow to gather in the more elevated areas."
Furthermore, due to the large amount of vehicles and pedestrians on Croydon's roads and streets, snow is turned to slush very quickly, making it look like there was less snow than there was.
UPSTATE — Arena football is back in the area with the team sporting a new name, new players, new owner — and a whole lot of ambitions.
The Upstate Dragons mean business, and according to owner and head coach Kent Meredith, they're here to stay.
“It's time for Greenville — and the whole Upstate — to get back to arena football,” said Meredith during an interview with The Sentinel-Progress. “We have a group of people who are dedicated to this, both on and off the field.”
The Dragons are a traveling team this year, but hope to lay down some permanent roots with a home in Greenville.
“There has been football in Greenville in the past — the Rhinos, the Force — but we're different. That's why I changed the name from the ‘Greenville Dragons' to the ‘Upstate Dragons,'” said Meredith. “I wanted us to represent the whole region.”
Meredith said he picked the dragon as a mascot because he wanted to stand apart from other teams.
“I've always liked dragons, going back to when I was just a kid,” he said. “And my son loves them. I had a blanket when I was a kid that had dragons all over it and I saved it and gave it to my son. We still have it. Dragons are powerful, but they're not popular as far as mascot choices go — it's not a name you hear all the time. I liked that.”
But the coach warns that just because they are a traveling team doesn't mean they should be counted out.
“We're going to win a championship this year, our first year,” he said. “And when we get our regular home arena, we're going to start our first year at home with a trophy already in the case.”
As for now, players, coaches and staff are not being paid and players have had to purchase their own helmets and shoulder pads, all of which Meredith says demonstrates the level of commitment everyone has to the growing program.
But it's not just commitment on the field, for National Volunteer Week, the Dragons are planting a community garden at Clemson Downs for the Memory Care Unit on April 23 and will hold several kids camps throughout the Summer.
“We all want this and we're working really hard,” he said. “This is a great organization. We're going to be here for a long time to come.”
The Dragons travel to Florida on Monday to take on the Tarpons. Kick off is at 7:30 p.m. and all games are live-streamed on the team's YouTube channel.
For more information, visit www.dragonsfootball17.com
The Upstate Dragons mean business, and according to Owner and Head Coach Kent Meredith, they're here to stay. http://sentinelprogress.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_dragons.jpg The Upstate Dragons mean business, and according to Owner and Head Coach Kent Meredith, they're here to stay. Courtesy photos For National Volunteer Week, the Dragons are planting a community garden at Clemson Downs for the Memory Care Unit on April 23 and will hold several kids camps throughout the Summer. http://sentinelprogress.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_dragons2.jpg For National Volunteer Week, the Dragons are planting a community garden at Clemson Downs for the Memory Care Unit on April 23 and will hold several kids camps throughout the Summer. Courtesy photos The Upstate Dragons travel to Florida on Monday to take on the Tarpons. Kick off is at 7:30 p.m. and all games are live-streamed on the team's YouTube channel. http://sentinelprogress.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_dragons3.jpg The Upstate Dragons travel to Florida on Monday to take on the Tarpons. Kick off is at 7:30 p.m. and all games are live-streamed on the team's YouTube channel. Courtesy photos
By Kasie Strickland [email protected]
Reach Kasie Strickland at 864-855-0355.
Reach Kasie Strickland at 864-855-0355.
With their bullpen battered, the Mets are calling up a reinforcement from Las Vegas, The Post has learned.
Right-hander Tim Peterson will join the team Wednesday night in Atlanta.
Peterson, a 20th-round pick in the 2012 draft, has put up a 3.58 ERA in 22 games totaling 27 1/3 innings for Triple-A Las Vegas. He has struck out 40 and walked eight
FINE GAEL TD for Limerick Tom Neville has said that timelines need to be put in place to ensure that people with addiction and mental health issues are treated.
This is after Minister of State Finian McGrath confirmed to the Limerick County deputy that work has begun on a dual diagnosis clinical programme to respond to patients with this combination of health issues.
This will include the appointment of a programme manager and national clinical lead, a new literature review, clinical service mapping, and a new national working group.
Deputy Neville said: “Addiction and substance abuse are often so intertwined with other mental health issues it can be difficult for people to get the treatment they need.
“I recognise that funding for mental health has been increased dramatically in recent times, however timelines must now be put in place for the delivery of the services in question. We need the timelines to hold these service providers to account. I will continue to petition the Department of Health on this very important issue.”
These issues, he added, were outlined in a HSE report in 2015, entitled No Wrong Door. It proposed to develop “a fully integrated and recovery focused community service for adults with co-occurring disorders and complex needs in the Mid-West”.
Transcript for Potter creates art out of wildfire's ashes
But those of us who suffered loss in the north they fire this is the price of the memories rulers and ash. Richard Palmer of Rincon valley misses more than the old college honor property that contact. When the fires burned in ashes fell last October. Paint and shared loss rained down on him. Not even Gregory Roberts can imagine at that time how he might take this and the ashes and make something positive from them. This would be village potter. In this is like and this seemed like a great way to do. Gregory runs the art department at Sonoma State University he's an expert at ceramics so. After the fire he went on social media asking burn victims to bring him their ashes for transformation into clay. The response to his Sonoma ash project. Overwhelming. All I've done is drop off my ashes on a porch with interesting I don't know any of these people. For every bag time on the wheels. Mud through his hands and eventually a container then we looked pretty much the same in every one of these earns is different because every single one of the concerns. Comes from a different home. With a different story with different contacts. Dogs pets. You know some of these were my you know my my. My aide. Grandparents ashes were sort of lost it in the melee and so. There they might be in here somewhere. For the record Gregory has yet to go to work on bag number 44 from Bridget cottage he will really put it. Us. You loan. A quandary brought on by at and commonly kind gesture by a village potter taking the remnants of pain and making beauty from it. In Santa Rosa Wayne Freedman ABC 7 NEWS.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
Black Friday is well behind us now, but it doesn't look like the discounts are stopping anytime soon. All the better for those of you who missed out on a deal, had other priorities to purchase in November, forgot to get a gift for someone, didn't have a use for something but now want it, or maybe bought a product and want another one of it now.
One of the deals that's resurfacing is for the Chromecast Ultra, the 4K and HDR version of the beloved Chromecast. It usually costs $69, but it went down $15 to $54 during Black Friday. That same discount is back now and until December 24 and you can grab it from several retailers. Here are the links so you can buy from your preferred store:
Glenwood received an $873,746 grant from the Minnesota Department of Employment and Economic Development to help improve the look of its downtown and some rental housing.
The rental housing rehabilitation project will include the Glenhaven Manor assisted living facility adding showers that comply with the Americans with Disabilities Act, and the Lakeview Apartments getting new windows and new roofing, said project administrator Emajean Zwieg of the Douglas County Housing and Redevelopment Authority.
The commercial building project includes a minimum of 10 businesses who will replenish their store fronts with up to about $35,000 in improvements each.
Of that cost, 60 percent will be covered by the grant through a deferrable loan, which will be forgiven if the business doesn't sell its land, or transfer or convey its title for five years. Another 20 percent of the cost will be supplied by a low-interest loan, and 20 percent will come from the owner, explained Zwieg.
The business owners can add "anything that keeps their storefronts looking attractive," Zwieg said.
The streetscape project will use about $260,000 of the grant, including decorative amenities, or anything that makes downtown Glenwood "bright and vibrant," Zwieg said.
The Glenwood grant was one of 26 grants in Minnesota totalling $14.6 million.
In order to be considered for the grant, applicants needed to display a project that would benefit people of low and moderate incomes, eliminate slum and blighted conditions, or eliminate an urgent threat to public health or safety, according to DEED.
"Communities need sustainable and affordable housing, along with vibrant and attractive commercial properties, to help maintain a better position for economic growth," Zweig said in an email. The state fund "helps provide financial assistance for rural communities to maintain that vibrant appeal downtown and in the residential neighborhoods."
(L-R) Simone Alexandra Johnson, Sharon Stone, Garrett Hedlund, Kristen Bell and Alfre Woodard (Photo Credit: Sthanlee B. Mirador/Sipa USA)
BEVERLY HILLS, CA (RADIO ALICE) – Early Monday morning, the nominations for the 75th annual Golden Globes were announced.
Kristen Bell, Sharon Stone, Alfre Woodard and Garrett Hedlund made the announcements at the Beverly Hilton Hotel in Beverly Hills. Simone Alexandra Johnson, daughter of actor Dwayne Johnson will serve as Golden Globe Ambassador, formerly titled Miss Golden Globe.
In film, The Shape of Water, Guillermo del Toro's fantasy/drama leads with 7 nominations, including Best Motion Picture (Drama), a Best Actress nod to Sally Hawkins, a Best Supporting Actor nomination for Richard Jenkins and Best Supporting Actress nomination for Octavia Spencer.
Other notable movies include Christopher Nolan's Dunkirk, Steve Spielberg's The Post and James & Dave Franco's The Disaster Artist.
In televison, HBO's Big Little Lies is up in front with six nominations. The show's lead actresses Nicole Kidman and Reese Witherspoon are up for Best Actress in a Limited Series or Motion Picture Made for Television. While Laura Dern and Shailene Woodley both vie for Best Supporting Actress in a Series, Limited Series or Motion Picture Made for Television category.
Members of the Hollywood Foreign Press Association will vote on the winners with the announcement ceremony airing on NBC on Sunday, January 7, 2018. The live show will be hosted by Seth Myers at the Beverly Hilton Hotel.
The Golden Globes website will have a full list of nominees available.
©2017 Entercom 2017 All rights reserved.
CASINO
The looming global trade war and the continued depreciation of the Chinese yuan may stymie the two-year recovery of Asia's premier gambling hub.
According to Bloomberg, some Chinese high rollers have steered clear of Macau during the past two weeks in anticipation of financial market turmoil triggered by trade tensions between the United States and China.
Junket operator Suncity Group Holdings Ltd. executive director Andrew Lo noted that some clients have opted to stay on the sidelines and wait until market conditions become more favorable.
“The market conditions have more uncertainties, including the potential trade war escalation,” Lo said, according to the news outlet. “High rollers are more cautious, betting less or reducing trips to Macau.”
Adding to the worry of Macau casino operators is the volatility of the yuan, which is expected to affect both high rollers and casual players.Bloomberg's China economist Fielding Chen noted that the high rollers are anxious about “the message from the weakening yuan.”
“The trade-war risk, stock market turmoil, and impact on the property sector from deleveraging—these factors hurt the pockets of the rich,” Chen said.
The troubling signs in Asia's premier gaming hub became more visible when Macau's Gaming Inspection and Coordination Bureau (DICJ) released their June 2018 gross gaming revenue report.
For June, Macau casino GGR grew by 12.5 percent year-on-year to approximately MOP22.49 billion (US$2.81 billion). The growth was lower than analysts' consensus forecast of 18 percent.
The weaker-than-expected growth triggered a massive sell-off in Macau casino stocks. Bloomberg estimated that shares of MGM China Holdings Ltd., Galaxy Entertainment Group Ltd. and Wynn Macau Ltd. plunged more than 22 percent from their 2018 peak.
Several analysts noted that business volumes across Macau fizzled in the last week of June as the former Portuguese enclave bore the brunt of the World Cup, with some gamblers opting to postpone their trips to Macau.
In its latest note, Japanese credit debt watcher Nomura pointed out that the slower growth in the VIP segment has dragged the premium mass segment growth.
“Recent conversations with several Macau operators suggest that the weaker-than-expected growth is due to several issues, some of which are non-recurring: both junkets and operators have commented about a streak of bad hold; several operators have cited a loss of high-end gamblers to the World Cup; and a plateauing in VIP volume,” Nomura analysts Harry Curtis, Daniel Adam and Brian Dobson said.
Comments
Share On more Share On more
Janiah Sanders, an 18-year-old from Houston, just got out of a relationship that left her heartbroken.
Janiah Sanders, an 18-year-old from Houston, just got out of a relationship that left her heartbroken.
"The relationship started off smooth as usual, but then once we got comfortable, things went left and there were other girls involved and [I] just threw the towel in," she told BuzzFeed News.
In a quick synopsis, Sanders alluded to infidelity and broken promises in the relationship.
During the relationship, her ex gave her two pieces of jewelry: a ring that she wore on her ring finger and a necklace. The gifts were a symbol of her ex's "promise of loyalty and honesty" to the relationship, she said.
"It was a symbol of his love for me and how much I meant to him," she explained.
However, once she felt betrayed, Sanders said these two items "lost all its meaning and value." So, earlier this month, she filmed herself throwing the ring and necklace into a sewer and shared it online . The video has been watched over 3.5 million times.
"The reason I threw them out was because i knew that would be my final let go," she said.
"I knew that once I let go of the ring and necklace, I would know I'm officially done. And so I did. It made me feel relieved. I felt better."
Sanders captioned her video on Twitter, "Wtf is a promise?"
NJ teen becomes youngest to row solo across the Atlantic An 18-year-old New Jersey man became the youngest person to row solo across the Atlantic Ocean when he finished his arduous 3,000-mile journey this week. Oliver Crane arrived on the...
Federal protection of Atlantic Ocean coral up for key vote PORTLAND, Maine — Federal fishing regulators are set to vote on a proposal that could protect nearly 90 percent of the coral habitat in a key commercial fishing area off...
Tropical Storm Nate could grow to hurricane aimed at Gulf Coast MANAGUA, Nicaragua — Tropical Storm Nate formed off the coast of Nicaragua on Thursday and was being blamed for five deaths in that country as it spun north toward a...
Facebook and Microsoft just laid an internet cable across the Atlantic Ocean If you've ever felt the incredible frustration of wiring up a dozen gadgets in a home office, just imagine trying to connect a wire between two continents. That's exactly what...
Maria expected to bring dangerous currents to US coast Hurricane Maria is expected to soon create dangerous waves and strong rip currents along parts of the southeast U.S. coast as the Category 3 storm moves away from the Bahamas...
Hero boy rescues 5 people from the sea in two days A heroic 8-year-old boy rescued five people from a treacherous stretch of coastline in the space of just two days. Brave Steffan Williams was out kayaking when he spotted three...
3 hurricanes are spinning simultaneously through the Atlantic For the first time in seven years, three hurricanes are spinning simultaneously through the Atlantic basin. Hurricane Katia is the farthest west of the ‘canes, and was strengthening early Thursday...
Two more hurricanes form as Irma cuts through the Caribbean There are now three active hurricanes churning in the Atlantic Ocean. As Hurricane Irma continues to move toward Puerto Rico, Tropical Storm Katia strengthened into a hurricane off the coast...
Strange object removed from beach remains a mystery WESTERLY, R.I. – Questions are still swirling after a mysterious object was removed from the waters off a Rhode Island beach. The circular metal object was taken out of the...
Pre-Father's Day King of Domino for Beck's Bar Saturday
The South Turkeyen Sports Committee and Black Stallion Football Club will host a big King Domino Competition and Lime for Fathers and other men on Saturday at 6pm at Beck's Bar and Grill located at 244 Vryheids Lust.
A press release indicated that the teams invited include Vryheid's Lust, Better Hope, Plaisance, Ogle, Sophia and others. The entrance fees include $1,000 per player and there will be medals and trophies up for grabs. The release said that Minister of Communities, Ronald Bulkan donated the trophies.
Food and Drinks will be on sale. Johnny ‘Overseas' Barnwell and Wesley Tyndal are the organisers of the event.
Follow @insidefutbol
Tottenham Hotspur boss Mauricio Pochettino is clear that his club need to make signings before the transfer window closes as he must have balance in his squad.
The Lilywhites have remained silent in the transfer market thus far, though they have been linked with a number of moves during the closing stages of the summer window.
Spurs lost Kyle Walker to Manchester City, while Danny Rose has recently rocked the boat, and Pochettino has sent a clear message to the club's board that new players are needed to push those already at the club to greater things.
"The balance is the most important. We need some new players that bring some new energy on the team. It's always important to challenge your best players", Pochettino was quoted as saying by beIN Sports.
"For me we need to sign some new players before the end of the transfer window. It's important to refresh the squad. We need more competition between us."
Tottenham will be taking part in the Champions League, along with the other three domestic tournaments in the form of the Premier League, the FA Cup and the EFL Cup this term, and the Argentine insists that squad depth will be important as they look to keep their levels up in every competition they play in.
"We have ten months ahead of us, we are involved in four competitions that demand a lot of energy and we need more competition, more quality, more players that can help the team to keep the level we want to show in every game."
The London-based club's lack of movement in the summer was questioned by left-back Rose, who has urged his team to bring in players who he would not "have to Google".
Worth more than half a trillion US dollars, Amazon has not only captured the Zeitgeist of the early 21st Century, but reinvented it.
Amazon has disrupted every aspect of our daily lives from online retailing to entertainment, from drones to art. It even puts a voice controlled home assistant called Alexa on our kitchen bench to switch on appliances, play music, alarm the security system, and send messages. On command.
Possibly the greatest leap forward in disruptive retailing, however, is Amazon Go. Trialled first in Seattle, Amazon Go is a physical supermarket that has no checkout. You just swipe your smartphone on entry, take whatever you want from the shelves, and go.
So, while regular supermarkets have been trying to reduce checkout wait times, Amazon eliminated the checkout.
Much has been written about the Amazon threat to Australian business with most analysts focusing on risk to the $300 billion retail sector. This needs to be considered in two ways, existing online behaviour and price risk.
Existing online behaviour
Amazon succeeds most quickly in new markets where there is already a high level of online shopping. The theory is simple, it's easier to churn someone from an incumbent to Amazon than it is to convince a consumer to start shopping online from a standing start.
Taking grocery as a case in point, the average online behaviour of Amazon-favoured countries is reportedly between 20 and 30 per cent, enabling Amazon to simply transfer online shoppers from existing brands to their Amazon Fresh or Amazon Prime offerings.
According to Roy Morgan data, in the past three months 54 per cent of Australians over the age of 14 bought a product online.
In that same period, 25 per cent of Australians shopped online for electronics and appliances. That puts Australia right in the firing line for Amazon, and provides a scientific explanation for their intention to enter the Australian market.
The real retail minefield is shaped by consumers who are both retail customers and Amazon shoppers. Looking at David Jones over just the past four to six weeks, our data reveals that 30 per cent of its customers also visited Amazon's site.
That means that when Amazon sweeps into Australia in the next couple of months, 30 per cent of David Jones' customers will be directly in its line of fire.
The Roy Morgan Research Institute has identified 68 retail brands with more than 20 per cent of their customers also shopping online at Amazon.
A small selection from that list is David Jones (30 per cent); Zara (28.2 per cent); Dymocks (27.2 per cent); Officeworks (25.2 per cent) and Toys R Us (24.5 per cent), as well as Ikea (24.5 per cent); Spotlight (24.4 per cent); JB Hi-Fi (23.9 per cent) and The Good Guys (23.2 per cent).
Delving deeper, the list also contains Myer (22.4 per cent); Priceline (21.7 per cent) and Cotton On (21.5 per cent), alongside Harvey Norman (21.5 per cent); Target (21.2 per cent) and Bunnings (20.7 per cent).
Price risk
Both JB Hi-Fi and Harvey Norman have publicly predicted that they will be able to compete with Amazon on price, but given their high-margin business model this looks like being an unrealistic stretch.
The inconvenient truth is that Amazon does not rely on gross profit margin for success. Its success is driven by volume – and it has that in spades. That's what led founder Jeff Bezos to famously declare, “Your margin is my opportunity”.
So how does that play out in the Australian context?
Last year Amazon's gross profit margin – in basic terms, the mark-up on products they sell – was a tiny 6.8 per cent. And still JB Hi-Fi with a gross margin of 21.9 per cent and Harvey Norman with 31.4 per cent believe they can compete on price.
In America, Walmart, the retail giant famous for offering the cheapest prices across its myriad grocery and general merchandise categories, believed it could compete with Amazon on price.
A recent US study by Business Insider found that over a diverse basket of 25 grocery and electronics products, Amazon was US$161.05 cheaper than Walmart.
And Amazon keeps gazumping Walmart on delivery cost and speed. Unimaginable just a few years ago.
Back in Australia, Myer has a gross profit margin of 42.1 per cent and David Jones 37 per cent – high levels of risk against a very lean Amazon. In the supermarket category, Woolworths has a gross margin 26.8 per cent and Wesfarmers (Coles) 31 per cent.
Australian retailers also have high operating costs. Woolworths and Coles, for example, spend more than 24 per cent of sales revenue on leases, wages, marketing, etc.
Operating costs for department stores are much higher, typically reaching 40 per cent. JB Hi-Fi is the exception in the Australian retail scene with costs at a low 16.3 per cent of sales revenue.
To add insult to Amazonian injury, Australian retailers typically have very low net profit margins – the percentage of each dollar the company earns after deducting all those expenses – as low as 2-3 per cent. As a consequence, their ability to further reduce prices is extremely limited.
Price war or no price war, Amazon will beat any Australian retailer on price. And the impact will spread way beyond the retail sector.
The Reserve Bank of Australia, for example, needs Australian retail sales to lift before it will raise interest rates, and with the arrival of Amazon that's not likely anytime soon.
The good news?
There is good news and it largely relates to a human connection and local proximity. Amazon is anything but human and definitely not local. Take Australian supermarket brands as an example. They are in every local neighbourhood and do not have high levels of online shopping.
Our data shows that 25.4 per cent of Australians say they would like to but their groceries online. However, only 3.7 per cent actually do. That's 3.7 percent for supermarkets compared to 30 per cent for David Jones.
The local, very human connection with supermarkets and their low levels of online shopping largely quarantines incumbent supermarket brands from Amazon.
This also signposts a solution to other retail sectors – do not try to compete on price. You cannot win. Instead, compete on everything that has a human and local connection. Amazon cannot compete with that.
Let's turn our backs on artificial intelligence (AI). That's Amazon's universe. Instead, let's focus on human intelligence (HI). Make that the universe you own.
Michele Levine is CEO of Roy Morgan, a global research, digital and consulting enterprise
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
$761 million was stolen from digital currency exchanges in the first six months of 2018
Theft of cryptocurrencies from exchanges soared in the first half of this year to three times the level seen for the whole of 2017, leading to a three-fold increase in associated money laundering, according to a report from U.S.-based cybersecurity firm CipherTrace released on Tuesday.
The report, which looks at the global anti-money laundering market, showed that in the first six months of the year a total of $761 million was stolen from digital currency exchanges, compared with about $266 million for the whole of 2017.
The losses could rise to $1.5 billion this year, estimated CipherTrace, which is launching a software to help exchanges and hedge funds that use or trade cryptocurrencies comply with anti-money laundering laws.
"Stolen cryptocurrencies are three times bigger this year than last year so the trend is obviously not our friend here," Dave Jevans, chief executive officer of CipherTrace, told Reuters in an interview.
Jevans is also the chairman of the Anti-Phishing Working Group, a global organisation that aims to help solve cybercrime.
He added that stolen virtual currencies end up being laundered to help criminals hide their true identities and avoid arrest, which has resulted in a three-fold rise in money laundering of cryptocurrencies.
The most recent theft from a cryptocurrency exchange was the $32 million in digital currencies stolen from South Korean exchange Bithumb.
The surge in cryptocurrency crime has attracted the attention of global regulators and law enforcement, Jevans said.
For instance, the report also cited concerns about rising criminal activity in the sector from the U.S. Treasury's Financial Crimes Enforcement Network (FinCEN), which referred to cryptocurrency-denominated ransomware payments and research showing that $1.5 billion was stolen in hacks of exchanges over a two-year period.
Jevans said regulators around the world, global law enforcement and exchanges have been in continuous dialogue about what needs to happen in the cryptocurrency industry to prevent the surge in crime.
"Now we are seeing the big guys coming together asking for cryptocurrency anti-money laundering regulation - it is inevitable, it will be unified, and it will be global," he added.
Reporting by Gertrude Chavez-Dreyfuss; Editing by Frances Kerry.
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
The Nasdaq 100 Stock Index is down the most in six weeks, but it still hasn't tumbled through its 50-day moving average. At least not yet.
The tech-heavy gauge fell as much as 2.9 percent Monday to 6,819.71 as Facebook Inc. led declines. Reports that a political advertising firm retained information on millions of users on the social media site without their consent renewed fears that regulators may tighten control over the industry. That brought the index right up to its 50-day moving average of 6815.54.
News that Apple Inc. was planning to design its own device displays also roiled markets, with some of the company's biggest suppliers getting hit. The Nasdaq 100 Index was down 2.7 percent at 6,827.54 as of 1:08 p.m. in New York.
MARIA STEIN – Arcanum saw its four-game winning streak snapped on Monday as the Trojan baseball team lost 6-0 at Marion Local.
This past week Arcanum beat Mississinawa Valley on Thursday, Bradford on Friday and then swept a doubleheader at Dixie on Saturday. Coach Randy Baker said the Trojans might have been overconfident on Monday when they traveled to Maria Stein.
“We didn't come ready to play,” the Arcanum baseball coach said. “We got a couple good wins over the weekend, and I don't know if we were satisfied with that or what. We just didn't come ready to play.”
Marion Local scored the game's first runs in the bottom half of the third inning. Duane Leugers drove in one run with a sacrifice fly then Ryan Thobe made it 3-0 with a two-run single.
The Flyers added to their lead with a pair of runs in the fifth inning when Cole Unrast hit a RBI single and Thobe hit a RBI double, making it 5-0.
The final run of the game came in the bottom of the sixth when Marion Local scored on a wild pitch to lead 6-0.
“We just kind of came up here and thought it was just going to happen without being focused and ready to play,” Coach Baker said.
Marion Local out-hit Arcanum 11 to three in Monday's game.
Maverick Hildebrand went 1-for-2 for Arcanum. The Trojans' Layne Byrne and Caleb Shilt both were 1-for-3.
“Their pitcher threw well to start with,” Baker said. “We took too long to make adjustments on him, though. He was throwing strikes; we are taking pitches for some reason. We've just got to do a better job making adjustments quicker.”
Shilt was the losing pitcher for Arcanum as he pitched the first four innings. Michael Fecker pitched two innings in relief and struck out one batter.
Arcanum fell to 6-9 on the season with Monday's loss.
http://dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_IMGP7175.jpg Kyle Shaner|The Daily Advocate http://dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_IMGP7182.jpg Kyle Shaner|The Daily Advocate http://dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_IMGP7188.jpg Kyle Shaner|The Daily Advocate http://dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_IMGP7191.jpg Kyle Shaner|The Daily Advocate http://dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_IMGP7193.jpg Kyle Shaner|The Daily Advocate http://dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_IMGP7194.jpg Kyle Shaner|The Daily Advocate http://dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_IMGP7195.jpg Kyle Shaner|The Daily Advocate http://dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_IMGP7201.jpg Kyle Shaner|The Daily Advocate http://dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_IMGP7206.jpg Kyle Shaner|The Daily Advocate http://dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_IMGP7210.jpg Kyle Shaner|The Daily Advocate http://dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_IMGP7211.jpg Kyle Shaner|The Daily Advocate http://dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_IMGP7212.jpg Kyle Shaner|The Daily Advocate http://dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_IMGP7214.jpg Kyle Shaner|The Daily Advocate http://dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_IMGP7215.jpg Kyle Shaner|The Daily Advocate http://dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_IMGP7218.jpg Kyle Shaner|The Daily Advocate http://dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_IMGP7226.jpg Kyle Shaner|The Daily Advocate http://dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_IMGP7228.jpg Kyle Shaner|The Daily Advocate http://dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_IMGP7233.jpg Kyle Shaner|The Daily Advocate http://dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_IMGP7299.jpg Kyle Shaner|The Daily Advocate http://dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_IMGP7301.jpg Kyle Shaner|The Daily Advocate http://dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_IMGP7303.jpg Kyle Shaner|The Daily Advocate http://dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_IMGP7313.jpg Kyle Shaner|The Daily Advocate http://dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_IMGP7324.jpg Kyle Shaner|The Daily Advocate Arcanum's Evan Atchley tags out Marion Local's Nate Moeller as he tries to steal a base during a baseball game on Monday in Maria Stein. http://dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_Evan-Atchley-WEB.jpg Arcanum's Evan Atchley tags out Marion Local's Nate Moeller as he tries to steal a base during a baseball game on Monday in Maria Stein. Kyle Shaner|The Daily Advocate
By Kyle Shaner [email protected]
Kyle Shaner may be reached at 937-569-4316. Follow me on Twitter @KShanerAdvocate or get updates on Facebook by searching Darke County Sports or Advocate 360. For more features online go to dailyadvocate.com.
Kyle Shaner may be reached at 937-569-4316. Follow me on Twitter @KShanerAdvocate or get updates on Facebook by searching Darke County Sports or Advocate 360. For more features online go to dailyadvocate.com.
There's a lot more to being a bridesmaid than wearing a pretty dress and standing behind the bride. Nowadays, bridesmaids are expected to be there for every step of wedding plan, the bridal shower, bachelorette party, and more. Being a bridesmaid can end up being a lot of work, not to mention expense. Here, experts weigh in on the top tips for being a fabulous bridesmaid.
Part of the TTU Worldwide eLearning "Steps to Online Accessibility" Series. Today's lecture will go over the federal guidelines instructors need to know to keep their courses accessible. Instructors will leave with a check list of items to implement into their courses and learn about the resources at Worldwide eLearning.
Register Here Posted:
4/17/2017
Originator:
Timothy Howard
Email:
timothy.howard@ttu.edu
Department:
Finance and Administration
Event Information
Time: 2:00 PM - 3:00 PM
Event Date: 4/17/2017
Location:
Online Webinar
Export to MS Outlook
Categories
Lectures & Seminars
Academic
Trump says senior North Korean official headed to US to discuss summit
Washington, May 29 (EFE).- President Donald Trump said Tuesday that a senior North Korean official is headed to New York to discuss a possible summit between the US president and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un.
“We have put a great team together for our talks with North Korea. Meetings are currently taking place concerning Summit, and more. Kim Yong Chol, the Vice Chairman of North Korea, heading now to New York,” Trump said on Twitter.
“Solid response to my letter, thank you!,” the president added, without providing any further details.
Kim Yong Chol will be the highest-raking North Korean official to visit the United States in nearly two decades.
The vice chairman of the ruling Workers' Party's Central Committee is scheduled to arrive in the United States on Wednesday, where he will help put the final touches on the June 12 Singapore summit and meet with Secretary of State Mike Pompeo, who recently visited North Korea on two separate occasions, South Korea's Yonhap news agency said.
Last Thursday, Trump sent a letter to the North Korean leader calling off the meeting, citing Pyongyang's “hostility.”
A day later, however, the US president said that the summit could still go on as planned.
On Monday, The Wall Street Journal reported that Washington had decided to hold off on implementing new sanctions against North Korea while talks to relaunch the summit were held.
If it takes place, the Singapore summit will be the first meeting between a US president and a North Korean leader in the almost seven decades since the 1950-1953 Korean War.
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.
Lindo Creek CoI… Commissioner plans site visits next week
… ahead of public hearings
A team led by Retired Judge Donald Trotman plans to undertake a number of site visits next week as part of the recently announced Commission of Inquiry (CoI) into the circumstances surrounding the deaths of eight miners, which occurred at Lindo Creek in June 2008.
Trotman, who was sworn in as the sole Commissioner on Wednesday, has been given a timeline of April to conclude the CoI. He told Kaieteur News that the logistics for the site visits are still being finalised; hence, he could not divulge further information, which could also mean a trip to the wooded Lindo Creek, Upper Berbice area where the burnt remains of the miners were discovered.
Trotman stated that the CoI will be inviting persons to make written submissions, with witnesses taking the stand as early as February 12.
The death of the miners sent shockwaves throughout Guyana during a period when multiple murders occurred.
DNA tests carried out on the remains confirmed the identity of the miners as Dax Arokium, Cedric Arokium, Compton Speirs, Horace Drakes, Clifton Wong, Lancelot Lee, Bonny Harry and Nigel Torres.
It is the view of the coalition administration that the period of the murders between 2000 and 2010 “must be investigated so as to provide answers to grieving families, whose quest for justice has not been realised, despite the number of years that have passed.
The Lindo Creek CoI is the first of many investigations which is likely to be undertaken by the government. The opposition, People's Progressive Party (PPP), which was in government during the crime wave period, has called for a single, comprehensive CoI as opposed to separate investigations.
Initially, the PPP committed to participating in the CoI, promising to even testify at the hearings.
With the establishment of this first CoI, the PPP is now wavering its support, citing the potential conflict of interest, as Justice Trotman is the father of Raphael Trotman, the Minister of Natural Resources and Leader of the coalition partner, Alliance For Change (AFC).
Justice Trotman said that anyone that doubts the quality of work which will be produced is more than welcome to check his credentials, which show substantial experience in Guyana and the Caribbean region.
Minister of State, Joseph Harmon said that he is confident that the CoI would be conducted at the highest professional level.
“I urge all persons who may have information to cooperate with the Commission. The Government will provide the resources and will do everything possible to support the work of the Commission,” Harmon said.
Referring to the Terms of Reference, the State Minister said that the Commissioner has been directed to investigate all matters in relation to the deaths of the eight miners. Minister Harmon added that the Commission has been given wide scope to conduct their work, and it is expected to carry out its functions in an independent, fair and impartial manner.
Kindergarten, here we come!
Jessica Simpson's daughter graduated from preschool and the proud mom couldn't help but get emotional while showing off graduation pics.
RELATED: Jessica Simpson Shuts Down Pregnancy Rumors: 'We've Got an IUD'
Simpson took to Instagram on Wednesday with adorable snaps of 5-year-old Maxwell decked out in a blue cap and gown.
"Spread your wings and prepare to fly for you have become a butterfly," Simpson wrote, quoting a lyric from Mariah Carey's 1997 song, "Butterfly."
She also added hashtags, #kindergartenherewecome, #maxidrew and a crying emoji.
While the graduation may have been bittersweet for Simpson, Maxwell looks pretty pumped about kindergarten.
Simpson shared another pic of the tiny grad jumping up and down barefoot with the caption, "Someone is excited for kindergarten!"
"How do all you moms do it? I need help," the mother of two added with another crying emoji.
NEWS: Jessica Simpson and Sister Ashlee Attend Diana Ross' Son Ross Naess' Bohemian-Themed Wedding: Pics!
The last few weeks have been full of fun family moments for Simpson and her husband, Eric Johnson, who are also parents to 3-year-old son, Ace.
In May, Simpson marked her seven-year anniversary with Johnson by sharing a cute family photo captioned simply, "7 years, 2 kids and a whole lotta love later."
See more below.
Related Articles
Singer Lady Gaga attends a press conference about “Gaga: Five Foot Two” during the 2017 Toronto International Film Festival on Sept. 8, 2017. Valerie Macon / AFP/Getty Images
- Advertisement -
“I'm so devastated I don't know how to describe it,” Lady Gaga wrote. “All I know is that if I don't do this, I am not standing by the words or meaning of my music. My medical team is supporting the decision for me to recover at home.”
Live Nation said the singer was in the hands of expert medical care. Her team said she had “made the tough decision to immediately come off the road.” The team added the medical team are “working closely with her so she can continue to perform for her fans for years to come.”
Concert dates in London, Manchester, Zurich, Cologne, Stockholm, Copenhagen, Paris and Berlin have been pulled. Live Nation said ticket holders will be able to get a refund.
“I promise I will be back in your city, but for now I need to put myself and my well-being first. I love you, forever,” Lady Gaga tweeted.
Last September, the singer canceled a concert in Rio de Janeiro, also citing pain severe enough that she had to be hospitalized.
“I love this show more than anything, and I love you, but this is beyond my control,” she tweeted Saturday.
Earlier this week she posted pictures and video of her performance in Birmingham, England (below). The star has a 74-date residency in Las Vegas at the MGM Park Theater that is scheduled to start in late 2018.
A New Mexico man accused of fatally shooting five people has been caught on shocking jail video as he locked a guard in his cell and then bashed another with a flashlight in a desperate ploy to escape.
Damian Herrera, 21, was in the Rio Arriba County Jail when he persuaded a guard to come into his cell on July 15, KOAT reported.
“He told one of the guards that was on duty that his toilet wasn't working,” County Sheriff James Lujan told the station. “So the guard went ahead to open the door to check the toilet. When he went in to check the toilet, Mr. Herrera locked him into the cell.”
Then the devious inmate sneaked behind the guard station and grabbed a flashlight from under a desk, the video shows. He hid behind a wall until another guard approached.
“As the guard passed the corner of the wall, he struck him with a flashlight, and then a fight ensued,” Lujan told the station. “So they had a wrestling match going on in the booking area.”
Another guard approached, and the two managed to knock Herrera to the ground.
Two other guards joined the fray — and one of them tried to stun Herrera with a Taser, KOAT reported.
Eventually, they managed to strap Herrera to a chair.
Herrera — who attended the University of New Mexico-Taos — is accused of fatally shooting his stepfather, Max Trujillo Sr., 55; younger brother, Brendon Herrera, 20; and mother, Maria Rosita Gallegos, 55, in their La Madera home, the Santa Fe New Mexican reported.
He later allegedly shot and killed Michael Kyte, 61, in Taos County and stole his truck before driving into Colorado and back, the paper reported.
He allegedly claimed his last victim, Manuel Serrano, 59, at a gas station in Abiquiú.
Cops finally caught him in a chase that ended when he crashed the stolen truck, police told the paper.
In an interview with cops, Herrera denied killing his mother and younger brother, and claimed he had killed his stepfather in self-defense after the man had killed his mother and brother, the paper reported.
He had also claimed that he shot the other two men in self-defense.
Lujan told KOAT that Herrera might be better off in a different jail, adding that he could be moved to Santa Fe's state prison by the end of the week.
“I think it would be better for all of our detention facility personnel for the public up in Tierra Amarilla, and the county of Rio Arriba if we went ahead and had him transferred out,” he said.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
KANSAS CITY, Kan. — In front of a Kansas City, Kan., courtroom Wednesday two more indictments were unsealed in connection to the deadly 2016 water slide incident at Schlitterbahn Water Park.
The new indictments charge David Hughes and John Zalsman with obstructing law enforcement in the Schlitterbahn investigation. The two are believed to be maintenance workers at the park.
Both Hughes and Zalsman declined to speak to reporters outside court, where they made their first appearance Wednesday and both pleaded not guilty.
Authorities said both cases against the men involve an isolated incident of obstruction of law enforcement's investigation.
Schlitterbahn released a statement Wednesday afternoon:
We have no reason to believe that any employee obstructed justice. John and Dave have decades of experience in maintenance and are respected professionals on our maintenance team. With the help of men and women like John and Dave, we run a safe operation and know that this was a tragic accident. We stand behind our staff and the safety of our park.
Both men have been released on oral recognizance bonds, and are due back in court on June 12. Attorneys representing Hughes and Zalsman declined to comment.
Earlier this month, a state inspection found several alleged violations of regulations on 11 rides at the park where 10-year-old Caleb Schwab died in 2016.
Schwab died while riding the Verrückt water slide when the raft he was on went airborne and hit a metal pole overhead.
The KCK water park -- along with a Schlitterbahn co-owner, slide designer and former park operations manager -- was charged in connection to Caleb's death. Charges were dropped in April against the water park due to a technicality, but officials say those charges will be refiled.
Court documents show, from August 2014 until Caleb's death in August 2016, more than a dozen people reported injuries from the ride including concussions, whiplash and herniated spinal disk injuries.
Verrückt designer John Schooley, Schlitterbahn co-owner Jeff Henry, and former park operations manager Tyler Miles are all charged with multiple felonies in the Caleb's death.
Miles faces a total of 20 felony charges including 12 charges of aggravated battery, five child endangerment charges, two charges of interference with law enforcement and one involuntary manslaughter in connection with death of Caleb.
Read the full indictment against Miles here
Schooley and Henry face charges of reckless second-degree murder. The two, along with Henry & Sons Construction Company, Inc., were indicted in connection with injuries sustained by 13 other persons, including four other minors, while riding the water slide. Those charges include aggravated battery and aggravated endangering a child.
Read the full indictment against Schooley and Henry here
All three men have pleaded not guilty to their charges and waived their right to a speedy trial, giving their attorneys times to go through the massive amount of documents and expert testimonies in the case.
Schlitterbahn opened for the season Friday, May 25, but 11 of its rides remained closed.
A boozed-up Florida elementary schoolteacher driving with her 10-year-old son told a cop who arrested her “I feel like kissing you” — before kicking him in the groin, according to a report.
Saryna Parker, 43, a probationary eighth-grade science teacher at South Dade Middle School in Homestead, was pulled over Sunday on US 1 and Southwest 182nd Avenue after she rear-ended another car with her Cadillac, the Miami Herald reported.
When a trooper tried to talk to Parker, “she slurred her speech and he could smell a strong odor of an unknown alcoholic beverage emitting from her breath,” according to her arrest report obtained by the newspaper.
Another trooper was called in to conduct sobriety tests and when the officer “explained the exercises to her, she touched me on my back and advised: I feel like kissing you,” the cop said in the report.
Parker was unsteady on her feet and refused to take a breath test so she was placed under arrest.
As she sat in the back of the patrol car, “she violently kicked me in the groin with her right leg then continued to kick my right rear passenger side door,” the officer wrote.
“During this whole incident, Ms. Parker was uncooperative and very belligerent.”
Parker was arrested on DUI and child-abuse charges. She also faces a charge of battery on a law enforcement officer.
Miami-Dade Public Schools told the Miami Herald that Parker will be “terminated.”
Security desk: Did Russia Play US on PA and Interpol?
Interpol's vote to admit the “state of Palestine” as a full member came as a complete surprise to Washington — which thought it had a deal with Russia to keep the Palestinians out, reports the Jerusalem Post's Michael Wilner. Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein hammered out a quid pro quo in which the United States would pressure its ally Kosovo to withdraw its own bid if Moscow supported delaying a vote on Palestinian membership. Yet when it was all over, “Palestine was in and Kosovo was still out.” One US official said Washington “basically paved the way” for Palestinian membership: “We were relying on this strategy that was flawed.”
Historian: The Dems' Gerrymandering Obsession
Based on this week's oral arguments, Democrats are celebrating the possibility that the US Supreme Court may set constitutional limits on political gerrymandering, which currently works to GOP advantage, says Jeff Greenfield at Politico. But “if Democrats think this is the key to their political woes, they are kidding themselves. What ails the party — at every level — goes far beyond alleged Republican skulduggery.” Recent Democratic losses “did not happen because of gerrymandering (or voter suppression, for that matter).” After all, “for the GOP to use its power to entrench its majorities, it had to win those majorities” in state legislatures “in the first place.” And it did so because the party and its conservative allies “poured resources into a workmanlike effort to win control over state politics.”
Urban critic: Geffen Hall Didn't Need $500M Overhaul
Vulture's Justin Davidson is “relieved” that Lincoln Center and the New York Philharmonic have pulled the plug on a “long-gestating and ever-costlier plan” to basically gut David Geffen Hall and “insert an entirely new building” inside its shell. The price tag was “$500 million and rising fast” and would have kept the hall dark “for two years and lengthening.” Yes, the hall is “acoustically lackluster and visually charmless” — but does it really have “half a billion dollars' worth of problems”? He suspects not and suggests a more modest renovation: “knocking out the upper balcony, cutting down the number of seats, moving the stage out into the room (as already happens for Mostly Mozart) and fitting out the interior with sound-diffusing finishes.”
Moscow watch: Aging Putin's Power Is Waning
Vladimir Putin turns 65 Saturday, the maximum retirement age for most Russian civil servants, notes Bloomberg's Leonid Bershidsky. But though exempt from the law, “he reaches this milestone in a surprisingly vulnerable position.” Which wouldn't be so obvious “if officials weren't pointing to it with their clumsy actions” against anti-corruption activist and would-be presidential candidate Alexei Navalny — who keeps getting thrown into prison to deter his successful public rallies. Says Bershidsky: “That thousands of people consistently break with the tradition of passivity and brave the consequences of coming out in support of a lone opposition voice is a new phenomenon, something not seen during the Putin era.” Russia “is good at hibernating,” but “the country is beginning to stir.”
Conservative: UK Tories Have a Problem Called Theresa
British Prime Minister Theresa May endured “an extended and excruciating fiasco” during the Conservative Party's conference this week, says Dominic Green at The Weekly Standard. First it came out that part of her speech was plagiarized from “The West Wing.” Plagued by a cold, she was waylaid by a coughing fit — but not before a professional prankster bounded onstage and presented her with the official form for firing an employee. This, suggests Green, “may be the defining image of her premiereship.” Indeed, she “is trapped within a never-ending impersonation of a leader . . . an amateur turned into a laughingstock by a professional comic.” It was “the most disastrous Conservative conference speech in living memory” and is a metaphor for how the Conservatives, “the default party of British government, are falling apart.”
— Compiled by Eric Fettmann
MILPITAS
Ranch Drive, Dec. 26 Someone reported that items had been stolen from a car.
Creekside Way, Dec. 26 Police say someone stole property worth more than $50 from a vehicle.
PALO ALTO
500 High Street, 8:40 p.m. Dec. 27 A car window was shattered and items were stolen. A similar incident occurred in the same location six hours earlier.
100 blocks of El Camino Real, 4:45 p.m. Dec. 27 Someone stole a scarf from a store.
400 block of Monroe Drive, 2:27 p.m. Dec. 27 According to police, someone entered a vehicle and stole items.
2700 blocks of Embarcadero Road, 8:54 a.m. Dec. 27 Police say someone entered a vehicle, rummaged through personal property and then stole items.
100 blocks of El Camino Real, 12:44 p.m. Dec. 26 Officers arrested a 27-year-old woman on suspicion of armed robbery.
2800 blocks of Middlefield Road, 4 p.m. Dec. 26 Someone vandalized a building.
900 block of Hamilton Avenue, 8:27 a.m. Dec. 26 A package was reported stolen.
REDWOOD CITY
Roosevelt Avenue, 5:27 p.m. Dec. 26 Police say a man walked into a store and stole two bottles of champagne. He was possibly driving in a dark-colored Honda.
Madison Avenue, 2:26 p.m. Monday Coins were taken from a laundry room.
Brewster Avenue, 12:40 p.m. Monday A soccer coach told police someone broke into a commercial business by entering through the kitchen.
Shasta Street, 10:29 a.m. Dec. 26 A building was defaced.
Redwood Avenue, 10:23 a.m. Dec. 26 Two vehicles were vandalized.
FOSTER CITY
East Hillsdale Boulevard, 3:30 p.m. Dec. 26 A car mirror was stolen overnight.
Edgewater Boulevard, 4:27 p.m. Dec. 24 Police say someone removed the driver's-side mirror from a vehicle.
1:17 Orlando cops pull over Florida's only black state attorney in controversial stop Accusations of racial profiling are being leveled against Orlando police officers who pulled over Aramis Ayala, Florida's first and only black state attorney. The cops claimed they pulled her over after running her plates and not getting results, which prompted Ayala to ask why her plates had even been run in the first place.
1:29 Relentless man kicks and drags a deputy before being shot down An unarmed man in Florida was shot dead after he appeared to attack two Broward County deputies. Newly released bodycam footage from Dec. 6, 2017, shows the tense moments leading up to Jean Pedro Pierre's death. His family says the 42-year-old father of five suffered from mental illness.
1:17 'I got two overdoses and two babies in the back': officer Two young mothers in Florida were found passed out in a parked SUV after apparently overdosing on $60 worth of heroin. First responders found the women's infant children, one just 2 months old, in the back seat. Kristen O'Conner, 27, and June Scheinhart, 28, were both charged with child neglect.
1:26 A black man was fatally shot as he ran away from Utah police These run-ins with police escalated to dramatic heights. A man was shot dead by police after running away from the arresting officers in Utah. Three shots were fired into 50-year-old Patrick Harmon's back, killing him. While Salt Lake City's district attorney deemed the deadly force “justified,” the NAACP is looking into the death.
Photo: Anthony Behar / Sipa USA
By Hayden Wright
The holidays are a time for gathering with friends, family, and — if you're Lady Gaga — the Haus of Gaga. The Joanne singer and her creative team celebrated Christmas with an array of “naughty elf” costumes this weekend. Gaga's sister dressed up as Mrs. Claus and the “Born This Way” hitmaker dubbed herself “Mistress Claus.”
Related: Lady Gaga Sends Prayers to California Wildfire Victims
Wearing long, pointy ears and a green bodysuit, Gaga merged the festive with the provocative. Her squad explored the theme in felt tree costumes, velvet capes and other campy fashions of the North Pole.
“We love you and wish you lots of cheers and no tears!” Gaga captioned the Instagram album. The singer is currently on tour promoting Joanne and preparing for the 2018 release of the film A Star Is Born. It was recently announced that Gaga would use her given name—Stefani Germanotta—in credits for the film.
Gaga wishes you a Merry Christmas and a happy New Year, here:
Are you on the naughty or nice list this year? #holiday #holidayparty #merrychristmas #happyholidays #naughty #nice #ladygaga #gaga A post shared by Lady Gaga (@ladygaga) on Dec 10, 2017 at 9:17pm PST
Happy Holidays from the #HausOfGaga. We love you and wish you lots of cheers and no tears! 🎄🎅🤶 #holiday #ladygaga #gaga #party photo by @alex.j.dolan A post shared by Lady Gaga (@ladygaga) on Dec 10, 2017 at 8:12pm PST
Contrary to the assertions of Tom Scott (Opinion, April 15), just cause eviction protections do not take away landlords' ability to evict so-called “bad residents.” Under just cause, landlords can evict tenants who don't pay rent, who violate their lease, or who bother their neighbors with as little as three days' notice.
Related Articles April 16 Letters: County supervisors are squandering taxpayer funds
April 15 Letters: United passenger didn't violate the law
April 14 Letters: United Airlines simply failed to ‘do the right thing'
April 13 Letters: County putting public image before public services
April 12 Letters: Rosen's endorsement of Persky is dismaying State law controls the court process for eviction; a local just because ordinance can't change that process. To evict with cause a landlord only has to show that allegations against the tenant are more likely than not to be true. It is a much easier standard than the standard in criminal cases.
However, without just cause, the landlord doesn't have to prove anything. The tenant doesn't even have a right to know why they're being evicted.
To protect renters from unfair evictions and to prevent displacement, San Jose City Council should adopt just cause for all tenants.
Melissa A. Morris
Supervising Attorney
Law Foundation of Silicon Valley
County supervisors wasting taxpayer dollars
A big thanks to the Mercury News Editorial Board for standing against another waste of time and money by our Santa Clara County Board of Supervisors (“Supervisors are tone deaf on consultants,” Editorial April 14). Hiring a New York consultant to create a new image for Santa Clara County is ridiculous. The supes might say, “It's only $1 million, and that's just a drop in the bucket.” The problem is that it's our bucket, not theirs.
When we pay taxes to whatever government group we, as citizens, deserve to expect that those dollars will be well spent. This is just another example of an elected group losing focus on serving us in favor of serving their own Image. Image is really important, and trying to hide this expenditure on the consent calendar shows that their true image is somewhat tarnished.
Rich Crowley
Past President
Citizens for Fiscal Responsibility
San Jose
County doesn't need to expand communications
The Mercury News' editorial suggests that creating a new Santa Clara County communications department could save money over hiring outside firms while doing a better job (“Supervisors are tone deaf on consultants,” Editorial, April 14). Really? More money to create another government department to do things that hardly anyone cares about? The thing that government does best is wasting taxpayers money. The last thing we need is another department. The ones we already have done a better job of wasting money than actually getting anything done. How would a new department be any different?
Dave Shoop
Gilroy
Victor Davis Hanson's analysis makes sense
John Roper's criticism of Victor Davis Hanson's column (“Columnist conveniently ignores facts about Syria,” Opinion, April 14), and his praise of Barack Obama completely misses the point. From a historical perspective, Hanson's analysis makes sense.
The amateur Obama, who took advise from amateurs Ben Rhodes, Denis McDonough and Valarie Jarret, and like Neville Chamberlin, took the position in dealing with the world dictators, that diplomacy was the best policy. Unfortunately a dictator's concept of diplomacy is strength through military force. Because of Obama's weakness and lack of action for eight years, Russia, China, and Iran have expanded their influence in a threatening manner. In addition North Korea, which is now a nuclear power, and Syria are two of the most unstable countries in the world. Where we go from here is anyone's guess, but it isn't pretty.
Frank Nicoletti
San Jose
Changing our diet will help the environment
As thousands across the United States get ready to protest environmental budget cuts, each of us can also help with our driving, our recycling, and our diet.
Yes, our diet. A 2010 United Nations report blames animal agriculture for 70 percent of global freshwater use, 38 percent of land use, and 19 percent of greenhouse gas emissions.
Carbon dioxide is emitted by burning forests to create animal pastures and by fossil fuel combustion to operate farm machinery, trucks, factory farms, and slaughterhouses. The more damaging methane and nitrous oxide are released from digestive tracts of cattle and from animal waste cesspools, respectively.
In an environmentally sustainable world, meat and dairy products in our diet must be replaced by vegetables, fruits, and grains, just as fossil fuels are replaced by wind, solar, and other pollution-free energy sources.
On this Earth Day and every day, let's cherish our environment with eco-friendly plant-based eating. Our next trip to the supermarket is a great starting point.
Ralph Findlay
San Jose
Investors are reducing bets that the Federal Reserve will raise interest rates by the end of the year after July's soft inflation numbers, extending a streak of weaker-than-expected data and casting doubt on the U.S. economy's ability to reach the central bank's long-term 2% target.
Traders on the federal-funds futures market lowered the odds of an interest-rate increase at the Fed's December policy meeting to 37.4% on Friday, a level last seen on June 16, compared with 46.8% a week ago, according to Chicago Mercantile Exchange data.
Most estimates of a rate hike center around December and not the coming September meeting, as inflation remains stubbornly low and waiting for a few extra months affords the central bank the luxury of waiting for prices to rebound when monetary tightening might be more palatable to investors.
See: Fed won't like soft July CPI data but has four months to get over it
The decline in bets of a December rate hike have largely come about after a raft of economic data last week, including wholesale prices and unit labor costs, made it difficult to envision higher inflation this year. On Friday, U.S. consumer prices posted a soft reading for July, only rising by a seasonally adjusted rate of 0.1%, below the 0.2% consensus forecast of economists surveyed by MarketWatch.
Also read: Inflation remains soft in July, CPI shows
“It follows a string of weaker-than-expected reports, raising questions about the extent to which softer inflation is indeed transitory,” noted Tiffany Wilding, an economist from Pacific Investment Management, also known as Pimco.
The deterioration of consumer prices has raised the “chances that Federal Reserve policymakers use the September meeting to signal they plan to abstain from additional interest-rate increases until next year,” she said.
After the inflation report, the yield curve, which charts a bond's yield against a range of maturities, experienced “bull-steepening,” where short-dated yields fall more than longer-dated yields, reflecting falling expectations of a rate increase.
On Friday, the two-year Treasury yield TMUBMUSD02Y, +1.86% which is sensitive to swings in expectations of Fed decision-making, slipped 4 basis points to end at 1.294%, compared with the 30-year bond's yield TMUBMUSD30Y, +1.29% which was mostly unchanged at 2.790%.
Credit: Charlie Bilello at Pension Partners June 2018 is the next time the odds for a quarter basis-point rate hike exceeds 50%.
But market participants said the balance-sheet reduction for September is still on.
In part that's because members of the policy-setting Federal Open Market Committee have shown a strong preference for the balance-sheet reduction to start next month. Chicago Fed President Charles Evans, a voting member, said he supported September as the start date for the process.
Jim O'Sullivan, chief U.S. economist for High Frequency Economics, thinks the two prongs of monetary tightening — the wind-down of the balance sheet and higher short-term interest rates — target different indicators. While senior Fed officials have pegged rate increases to swings and dips in the inflation rate, they have tied the recent strength in labor markets to the balance-sheet reduction process.
“In contrast, the main criterion for activating the balance-sheet normalization plan at the September meeting appears to be a still-improving labor market. That criterion continues to be met with ease, as evidenced by the July employment report,” noted Sullivan.
The U.S. economy added 209,000 jobs in July, nudging the unemployment rate down, close to a 16-year low of 4.3%.
To be sure, the coming release of the minutes from the July FOMC meeting on Wednesday could shift sentiment on the prospect for a December rate hike. But the expectation is for the discussion to mostly revolve around how the Fed will taper its $4.5 trillion of securities in preparation for the Sept. 20 confab.
For all the hand-wringing over where borrowing costs are headed, the clash of views between the central bank and bond investors over the appropriate pace of the normalization of monetary policy often ends in the favor of the Fed.
Though it employs so-called “forward guidance,” a policy of giving few surprises to the market, the central bank has the power to jawbone policy expectations toward its desired rate, and has done so in the past.
Within the span of just a couple of years, most healthcare organizations have resolved their concerns with cloud computing and many are testing cloud platforms with financial, HR and other back office applications. It's the first step toward what will ultimately be widespread use of the cloud to enhance patient care, while also streamlining IT and reducing costs. With ever-growing demand for healthcare and constrained resources for providing it, IT can and must drive the transformation that creates an information-centric environment in which patients have easy access to their records and participate in their own care. Big data analytics drives treatment efficiency and efficacy, and healthcare providers can take advantage of vast knowledge banks to collaborate on tough problems. In healthcare, cloud computing is at the center of this transformation. According to MarketsandMarkets, the global adoption for cloud services in healthcare will grow from $3.73 billion in 2015 to nearly $9.5 billion by 2020.
The momentum behind cloud adoption in healthcare comes as no surprise to us. These days, pretty much every conversation we have with IT leaders includes the words “Microsoft Azure”. One of our customers, Houston Eye Associates, is the perfect example of a healthcare provider with a vision and a plan for how cloud computing is taking their organization into the future.
Houston Eye Associates (HEA)–the largest ophthalmology practice in the nation–understood that their IT systems needed a major overhaul for them to achieve their patient care goals. Virtual app delivery is core to HEA's ability to support 29 locations across the US and support future growth, but their existing virtual app solution was causing serious problems that had to be addressed.
Read the entire article here, Houston Eye Turns to Workspot Virtual Apps on Azure to Boost Physician Productivity
via the fine folks at WorkSpot
A veteran South Carolina teacher was suspended, then resigned after a classroom sex scandal at an Upstate school.
Elizabeth Bennett was an art teacher at Byrnes High School, but she resigned and retired after it was revealed that she was present in the classroom when two students engaged in sexual acts, foxcarolina.com reported.
Bennett was placed on administrative leave on Dec. 8, 2017, after the Spartanburg County School District received information about incidents that reportedly occurred multiple times in the back of the classroom, according to wspa.com.
Bennett resigned in January after 24 years of teaching, foxcarolina.com reported.
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
Despite Bennett's decision to resign, the South Carolina State Board of Education voted to suspend her educator certificate for one year, effective May 8, 2018, according to the Order of Suspension on ed.sc.gov.
According to the order, if Bennett wishes to return to teaching in 2019, she must first complete a course on professional boundaries and ethics.
Bennett has no prior history of disciplinary action with the State Board. But the "unprofessional conduct in failing to supervise students in her classroom" was enough to merit action, according to the State Board.
Though she chose to resign, effective in March, Bennett told the State Board that she was "shocked and dismayed" by the allegations of the students' sexual acts.
While Bennett said the students were not left alone in the room, she conceded that she could not always see them behind a lab table during "Power Hour" — a period of the day where Byrnes High students can receive tutoring, complete homework, eat lunch or participate in clubs or other organizations, wspa.com reported.
Another student reportedly saw the two students engaging in the sexual acts while getting supplies in the back of the room, according to the order.
Because of the suspension of her educator certificate, Bennett can not teach in any South Carolina school district.
The other great mystery of Strzok's texts Here's a puzzle about the texts that got Peter Strzok in so much trouble: Why was the FBI's top counterintelligence guy, an expert in secure communications, making radioactive comments via...
A terrorist complains of bias Onetime domestic terrorist Judith Clark is suing to overturn the state Board of Parole's decision keeping her behind bars for her role in the deadly 1981 Rockland County Brink's heist....
Trump could actually make Americans feel sorry for the media President Trump has a legitimate beef with the coverage he's getting from much of the news media. But his latest response to that coverage could make his press critics look...
The Times' new policy to hide reporters' bias The New York Times made it crystal clear in last year's presidential race that it would no longer hide its disdain of Donald Trump. But now it's suddenly troubled that...
Training AI robots to act 'human' makes them sexist and racist As we get closer and closer to creating artificial intelligence that can think and reason in ways that mimic a human brain, it's becoming increasingly clear that allowing a machine...
Men discriminate against job applicants if they sound 'gay': study Discrimination doesn't stop at looks or gender. According to a new a study published in Archives of Sexual Behavior, having a voice that people perceive as “gay” or “lesbian” can...
Trump bashes 'Nightly News': 'Just can't get much worse' Donald Trump lashed out at NBC “Nightly News” on Sunday night after they put him on blast for not taking daily intelligence briefings and his blatant dismissal of the CIA's...
Is social science just a modern false god? There's a story the high priests of secular society like to tell themselves: As human beings advance in knowledge, we tend to shun the destructive, discriminatory superstitions in favor of...
School for gifted discriminated against gay educator: suit A gay educator claims a school for the gifted is handing out lessons in discrimination. Alan Cohen, says he lost his job at the elite Speyer Legacy School, where annual...
Already have an account?
Choose from 3 subscription plans to access.
You can cancel anytime.
A document that put the DEA under fire for disseminating misinformation about marijuana's health effects has disappeared from the agency's website.
As of Monday, “The Dangers and Consequences of Marijuana Abuse,” a nearly 45-page publication on the various ramifications of cannabis use, no longer was available on the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration's website.
The document last year was at the center of a legal petition by Americans for Safe Access claiming the DEA's publishing of “scientifically inaccurate information about the health effects of medical cannabis” directly influenced “the action — and inaction — of Congress.”
In December, the medical marijuana advocacy organization alleged that the DEA website's inclusion of 25 false statements about marijuana violated the Data Quality Act, also known as the Information Quality Act, which is meant to ensure the quality, objectivity, utility and integrity of information that government agencies provide to the public.
Some of those statements — that cannabis plays a significant role in psychosis; marijuana smoking causes tumors of the head, neck and lung; and marijuana is a precursor to illicit drug use and heroin addiction — have been contradicted by the DEA's own statements in its August 2016 Denial of Petition to Initiate Proceedings to Reschedule Marijuana, according to ASA.
Agencies have 60 days to respond to requests to correct information, ASA said in its statement.
On Monday, the group hailed the document's absence as a victory.
“The DEA's removal of these popular myths about cannabis from their website could mean the end of the Washington gridlock,” Steph Sherer, ASA executive director, said in a statement. “This is a victory for medical cannabis patients across the nation, who rely on cannabis to treat serious illnesses.”
DEA spokesman Russell Baer, citing pending litigation, told The Cannabist on Tuesday that he could not comment on the matter.
In its statement, ASA said “the fight is not over,” claiming that the DEA's website continues to include false or misleading statements about marijuana.
‘Mary, Mary' singer Tina Campbell caught a wave of backlash after she revealed she voted forbecause of her ‘Christian values.'
After fierce internet reads blew up her mentions, the gospel artist defended her decision while she sat with the hosts of ‘The Real.'
“What I said is, if during your campaign, if what you said appealed to me and appealed to my Christian values more than the other candidate, when it came down to it, I chose based on my faith,” she told the crowd.
She also remained adamant about defending her right to choose.
“I didn't like either candidate if I can be perfectly honest,” she continued.
“I'm a Christian, I'm supposed to pray for the leaders. Stand with, doesn't mean I agree with everything.”
Her strong stance was greeted with applause, but we suspect there are still a lot of ‘Mary, Mary' fans shaking their heads.
You can watch the moment below:
Today on #TheRealS4, Tina Campbell from #MaryMary sets the record straight on why she voted for Trump. A post shared by The Real Talk Show (@therealdaytime) on Oct 5, 2017 at 10:09am PDT
RELATED LINKS
Tami Roman Reads Tina Campbell Over Trump Vote
Tina Campbell Says She Voted For Trump Because It Was The ‘Christian' Thing To Do
Also On 101.1 The Wiz:
Sustainable tourism echoes ancient Mexican cultures in its respect for nature
By Zoilo Carrillo
Mexico City, Apr 23 (EFE).- Living in the beautiful natural landscapes of Latin America are indigenous communities that preserve their ancestral cultures, and which attract tourists looking for an internal transformation involving respect for nature and the environment.
Sustainable tourism has a positive influence on our natural surroundings, given that it doesn't overburden it and helps preserve the culture and the environment as they have remained for centuries, far from the massive urbanization and degradation of ecosystems caused by conventional tourism.
Rodolfo Salinas, creator of Natoure, a mobile app that promotes sustainable tourism, told EFE that when it comes time to travel, it's important to understand the “natural load” of a place – that is, how much human activity it can take without having its natural riches destroyed.
“By sustainable tourism we understand a tourism that maintains the biophysical conditions of the location so that other travelers can enjoy the culture” and everything else it has to offer, he said.
Massive tourism does just the opposite by overexploiting resources and impoverishing nature.
“What divides tourism is the interaction you have with the natural environment,” Salinas said, who regretted that in Mexico visitors are highly concentrated in “15 percent of the destinations,” seduced by comfortable, restful, all-included tourism – a tourism of masses that only takes into consideration free-market rules, not the laws of nature.
What happens is that “these places are left with massive damage to the environment once vacation season is over.”
The virtue of ecological tourism, on the other hand, is in the interaction of cultures in the midst of unspoiled nature.
This kind of travel is also characterized by small groups of some 20 people, “usually of the upper middle class,” who consume local products, take part in traditional activities and camp out under the stars.
An outstanding place for such tourism is the Protected Natural Area of Xochimilco, where the ancient Mexicas grew crops on “chinampas” 1,000 years ago, and where locals practice organic agriculture today.
Chinampas are small extensions of land in the canals that were cultivated by inhabitants of Tenochtitlan, on the site of present-day Mexico City.
Felipe Barrera, a member of the “Chinampayolo” community, told EFE that tourists who visit here seek to “discover other universes, other worlds, and if they're not careful, they could get lost.”
Salinas expressed his conviction that sustainable tourism can influence the daily actions of tourists once they return home, having acquired awareness about the importance of nature's riches.
Image caption The total amount owed by the 31 councillors could pay the salaries of four teachers
More than 30 councillors across Scotland have historic council tax debts, according to BBC Scotland research.
Some of the local representatives owe their councils several thousand pounds, and the debts have built up to a total of more than £126,000.
The authorities concerned say they are aware of the debts, and the councillors are paying them off.
The total sum of the debts is enough to pay the salaries of four teachers.
BBC Scotland submitted freedom of information requests to all 32 of Scotland's local authorities, asking if any serving councillors had council tax arrears.
A total of 31 councillors in 12 council areas had debts - in six council areas, more than one councillor had debts.
The biggest headline total was in Glasgow where eight councillors owed almost £52,000 between them, with most of that amount was built up in previous years
In both North Lanarkshire and Aberdeenshire four councillors owe more than £20,000 between them - again most of that total was built up in previous years
Renfrewshire Council said four councillors owed a total of £14,101 - the majority of it from previous years
Three Edinburgh councillors owe a total of £5,594, all from previous years
Two Highland councillors owe £2,970 between them
One councillor in East Renfrewshire owes £4,355
One councillor in South Lanarkshire owes £3,237, from previous years
One councillor in West Dunbartonshire owes £2,497, from previous years
One councillor in South Ayrshire owes £1,149
One councillor in West Lothian owes £877, from previous years
The remaining councils did not have debts outstanding, while Western Isles Council failed to respond to BBC Scotland's FOI request.
Image copyright Thinkstock Image caption Council tax funds pay for a range of local services
The councils did not provide any information about the individual councillors or how they had built up the debts - the debts may have been built up before the person concerned was elected.
It is impossible to say whether the individuals concerned built up the debts as a result of personal financial difficulties, actively avoided paying council tax in the past or accidentally missed payments.
In the early days of the council tax, some councils had significant non-payment rates, possibly following campaigns to refuse to pay its controversial predecessor, the so-called "poll tax".
The figures for North Lanarkshire suggest four councillors owe an average of £5,000 each.
The council said it had pursued the individuals concerned and agreed plans to help them clear the debt over time.
'Public confidence'
The code of conduct for councillors makes specific reference to council tax arrears - although arrears do not prevent someone from standing for election or continuing as a councillor.
It says: "The law makes specific provision that if a councillor is in two months' arrears with payment of council tax that councillor may not participate in certain decisions concerning council tax issues, in order to preserve public confidence that councillors are taking decisions in the general public interest."
It adds: "Whilst you are a member of the community, you are also a representative of that community and of the council to which you are elected. As there is potential for public perception of abuse of position and poor leadership, you must seek to avoid being in debt to the Council."
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The largest debts were outstanding at Glasgow City Council, although all eight councillors have agreed payment plans
All eight of the Glasgow councillors who have arrears have agreed payment plans.
A spokesman for the council said: "Council tax supports a wide range of frontline services. It is important that everyone that can pay does pay."
Brian Cook, head of revenue and efficient government at North Lanarkshire Council, said: "While we would never discuss individual cases, councillors in arrears are treated no differently to any other resident. We actively pursue council tax debt in a variety of ways which can eventually lead to court action but we always attempt to put a suitable plan in place for those who are in arrears. That is what has happened in terms of these councillors.
Renfrewshire Council said the vast majority of the money owed by councillors is likely to be recovered soon.
It said arrangements had been put in place which would reduce the total to less than £1,000 by next month.
Aberdeenshire Council confirmed that all outstanding amounts are being actively pursued as part of normal procedure. It also said any councillor in arrears at the time of important votes on council budgets would be prohibited from taking part.
'Appropriate steps'
Edinburgh Council added: "Council tax collection forms a significant part of our budget and we always take appropriate steps to collect outstanding sums. This is only fair to the majority of people who do pay their council tax and other council charges that allow us to provide vital services for all of our residents
"Council tax revenue helps to provide services to people in all our communities, which is why we take non-payment extremely seriously."
In general, councils advise anyone who finds it hard to pay their council tax to speak to them as soon as they can. They may be able to ensure people receive all the benefits or discounts they are entitled to or work out payment schemes.
Councils across Scotland collected 95.8% of the council tax they were due last year on average.
The lowest total was of 93.4% was in Dundee.
Some councils have effectively written off many debts from several years ago, believing the amount they will recover is not worth the cost and effort involved. But current debts are pursued.
Video
Police in Las Vegas have followed up more than 1,000 leads following Sunday's shooting - the deadliest in recent US history.
Undersheriff Kevin McMahill of the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police department said "we all want answers", admitting that officers do not yet know the gunman's motive.
The Denver Post opinion pages solicited commentary from various marijuana policy and industry leaders, as well as the public, for a special cannabis-themed edition of the Sunday Perspective section the weekend before 4/20. The Cannabist will be presenting these op-eds throughout the week.
Cannabis legalization is hardly the most pressing U.S. concern in 2017, yet millions of Americans are fiercely passionate about the progressive shift in drug policy and the criminal justice reforms that run inherently parallel with legal pot.
President Barack Obama carefully navigated the issue of Americans' thirst for legalization in 2015 when a journalist told him weed legalization was the “number one question from everyone on the internet.”
Obama's answer to the writer, and to the nation's youth, was stern: “It shouldn't be young people's biggest priority. Let's put it in perspective. Young people, I understand this is important to you. But you should be thinking about climate change, the economy, jobs, war and peace.”
Now it's President Donald Trump and his administration's turn to steer the ship, and yet Trump's name is barely mentioned in the modern conversation on American drug policy reform. Instead all eyes are on Attorney General Jeff Sessions, the anti-legalization former U.S. senator who now finds himself surprised at Americans' growing desire for legal cannabis.
“When they nominated me for attorney general,” Sessions said in Arizona on Tuesday, “you would have thought the biggest issue in America was when I said, ‘I don't think America's going to be a better place if they sell marijuana at every corner grocery store.' (People) didn't like that; I'm surprised they didn't like that.”
Like most of Sessions' ruminations on cannabis, he is dead wrong on this point. Journalists easily tracked down plenty of anti-cannabis propaganda from Sessions' recent interviews on the subject, and his “corner grocery store” opinion was far from the most grabbing. (In fact, keep reading to see some of Sessions' more egregious lies about marijuana.)
Also precarious is Sessions' supposed surprise on the subject. In an era when 60 percent of Americans want legal cannabis, one in eight U.S. adults say they currently consume marijuana and state legalization initiatives are going eight for nine on Election Day, why would Sessions be surprised Americans “didn't like” his anti-legalization stance, let alone his baseless campaign against a non-lethal plant-based drug that has, by every available metric, proven itself to be significantly safer than many of the other substances we vend recreationally?
This much is true: Sessions is wrong on cannabis. His views, talking points and preferred drug data sets need some updating. But there's also a reason for that.
Sessions spent his formative years in his native Alabama, now considered America's second-most conservative state according to Gallup. He graduated from high school and became an Eagle Scout in the mid-'60s, and he picked up a college degree in 1969 and a doctor of jurisprudence in 1973. His political career began when he was hired as an Assistant U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of Alabama in 1975 — one year after President Richard Nixon resigned from his scandal-ridden presidency.
This time, place and context is extremely important. Sessions grew up in an era of overzealous anti-drug education, and in a part of the country where that message was often exaggerated. Sessions began his career in politics and law at a time when America was in transition, and regardless of Nixon's humiliating exit, his administration's groundwork for a new war on drugs was already the law of the land.
“By God we are going to hit the marijuana thing, and I want to hit it right square in the puss,” Nixon famously said in a May 1971 conversation in the Oval Office.
Years after serving prison time for Watergate, one of Nixon's top advisers later admitted the modern drug war was drafted as a political tool to combat those in opposition to candidate (and eventually President) Nixon.
“We knew we couldn't make it illegal to be either against the war or blacks, but by getting the public to associate the hippies with marijuana and the blacks with heroin, and then criminalizing both heavily, we could disrupt those communities,” Nixon adviser John Ehrlichman said in the mid-'90s. “We could arrest their leaders, raid their homes, break up their meetings and vilify them night after night on the evening news. Did we know we were lying about the drugs? Of course we did.”
We can't know how many times Sessions was warned about the dangers of marijuana as a youth, but we do know he's been repeating those warnings ever since. In all likelihood, Sessions didn't know he was being lied to.
Let's also address how difficult it is to change a closely held intrinsic belief. For years, decades even, elders and mentors Sessions trusted told him that marijuana was bad news: a dangerous, addictive, deadly substance that would ruin his life with even the briefest exposure.
It's scary to hear as a kid, I know. Even though I came of age decades later in the '80s, I heard the same stories. I proudly wore my Just Say No T-shirt to elementary school. I took part in D.A.R.E. activities. I went to multiple anti-drug weekend camps pushing the teen-friendly mantra, “Hugs not drugs.”
I believe now, as I did then, that drugs have no place in any kid's life.
But years later, when The Denver Post named me its first marijuana editor in 2013, I knew I had to do my research. I studied the most respected activists on each side of the issue, and I fact-checked their messaging. I delved into the limited base of medical and social research and learned what we'd come to know via top-level scientific surveys.
The experience was equally fascinating and devastating, because it only took me an hour to learn that nearly everything I'd been taught about weed was a lie. And as we all know, being lied to don't feel good — especially when you've been lied to for decades on end.
My epiphany arrived on the day I first met legalization activist Mason Tvert. I found myself contemplating the core mantra Tvert had been confidently repeating ad nauseam in media interviews for years: “Marijuana is safer than alcohol.”
I wonder if that's true, I thought, remembering the drug education I'd received as a trusting young student. And so I looked it up. A few minutes into a basic Google search I learned that pot is significantly less addictive than recreational substances like alcohol and nicotine, illegal drugs such as cocaine and heroin and all opioid-based pharmaceuticals. About 10 minutes later I found this statistic: Excessive alcohol use kills nearly 90,000 people each year in the U.S., while cannabis use alone is responsible for zero deaths in recorded history.
That last part I had to re-read a couple times over, especially given the source, the National Institute on Drug Abuse, a federal agency that studies drugs from the perspective of abuse and addiction: “There are no reports of teens or adults fatally overdosing (dying) on marijuana alone.”
After growing up being told the opposite, I knew a wholesale reset was in order.
And to Mr. Sessions I'll say this: It's now time for you to do your research.
Our knowledge base has progressed substantially since the '60s and '70s — and it's time he caught up with the times.
And so, here are a couple well-sourced points Sessions should research before repeating his decades-old misinformation:
Good people do use marijuana: Perhaps the most tone-deaf thing Sessions has ever said about weed is this: “Good people don't smoke marijuana.” Think about the sheer statistics alone: More than 22 million Americans used cannabis in the last month, according to the National Survey on Drug Use and Health. So according to Sessions, 7 percent of America's population are bad people? I don't think so.
Perhaps the most tone-deaf thing Sessions has ever said about weed is this: “Good people don't smoke marijuana.” Think about the sheer statistics alone: More than 22 million Americans used cannabis in the last month, according to the National Survey on Drug Use and Health. So according to Sessions, 7 percent of America's population are bad people? I don't think so. Marijuana isn't even in the same ballpark as heroin: Sessions recently said marijuana is “only slightly less dangerous” than heroin. Ridiculous. One of these substances is not like the other. Marijuana is non-deadly, and 9 percent of those who try it develop an addiction. Heroin is an opioid that killed more than 12,000 Americans in 2015, and 23 percent of heroin users become addicted. (Worth noting: Prescription opioids such as OxyContin, morphine and Vicodin accounted for an additional 16,000 American deaths in 2015.)
Sessions recently said marijuana is “only slightly less dangerous” than heroin. Ridiculous. One of these substances is not like the other. Marijuana is non-deadly, and 9 percent of those who try it develop an addiction. Heroin is an opioid that killed more than 12,000 Americans in 2015, and 23 percent of heroin users become addicted. (Worth noting: Prescription opioids such as OxyContin, morphine and Vicodin accounted for an additional 16,000 American deaths in 2015.) Obama wasn't wrong — Sessions is: Legal cannabis doesn't have to be a partisan issue. Just ask the many Republicans fighting for legalization. Sessions recently said, “I think one of (Obama's) great failures … is his lax treatment in comments on marijuana.” It's true that Obama told The New Yorker in 2014, “I don't think (marijuana) is more dangerous than alcohol.” In 2016 Obama told Rolling Stone he believed cannabis should be treated like “cigarettes and alcohol.” Sessions calls that lax, but I call it fact-based.
This is an epic learning opportunity. If Sessions does his research, via Google or his colleagues at the National Institutes of Health, he can escape his anachronistic worldview and gain respect among Americans.
As alcohol and opioids kill more than 100,000 Americans each year, cannabis kills none.
Marijuana needs to be regulated safely, yes – but also sanely. And the more Sessions learns about this devastatingly misunderstood plant, the more he'll be able to thoughtfully and fairly govern.
Ricardo Baca is the former founding editor of The Cannabist.
Follow @insidefutbol
Leeds United head coach Thomas Christiansen has warned striker Chris Wood that if he moves to a Premier League club he might not be guaranteed regular playing time.
The Whites have turned down an offer of £12m plus bonuses from Burnley, while there has also been talk of a second offer from an unnamed Premier League side, of £16m, being knocked back.
Wood is of interest to several top flight clubs and it is unclear how long Leeds can keep saying no if further offers arrive and the figures on the table continue to rise.
Christiansen wants to keep the New Zealand hitman and believes Wood must take into account that he may not be the main man if he leaves for the Premier League.
The Leeds boss also dangled the carrot of leading Leeds to the top flight in front of Wood.
Hedgie who beat insider trading conviction launches $16M fund Anthony Chiasson just raised $15.7 million for his new hedge fund Aurmedis Global Investors, according to regulatory filings. It is the latest move in Chiasson's comeback story after he successfully...
Martoma tries new tack to overturn conviction Mathew Martoma, who is serving nine years in prison for carrying out the most lucrative insider trading scheme in history, said he should be freed after an appeals court tossed...
Hedgies whose convictions were overturned are set free -- for now After months in legal limbo, two hedge fund managers whose convictions were overturned in December are officially free men — at least for now. The convictions of Todd Newman and...
Preet Bharara denied chance to re-argue rare defeat A federal appeals court has slapped the cuffs on Manhattan US Attorney Preet Bharara. The tough-as-nails lawman, who rode to fame by convicting more than 80 Wall Streeters during a...
Preet's overreach: Insider-trading-case slapdown The much-heralded (and hyped) insider-trading crackdown by Manhattan's very own US attorney, Preet Bharara, was always based on a dubious moral premise: that a bunch of Wall Street traders who...
× Woman uses baseball bat to fight off pantless intruder
PHOENIX, Ariz — An Arizona woman is safe after she used a baseball bat to fight off a half-naked man who broke into her home, according to KTVK.
Timothy Valdez, 29, has been charged with burglary, armed robbery, kidnapping and aggravated assault after he allegedly broke into an apartment and attacked a woman.
Simone Parker was home alone when she says a pantsless Valdez broke into her apartment and pulled out a knife, demanding clothes and money.
“I gave him a green t-shirt, and he put the green shirt on, and I was looking for some pants, and I'm like, ‘Forget that, I'm not going to get him no pants, I'm going to get the bat.' So, I got the bat and I went to hit him,” she said.
Parker hit him on the back of the head and on his face, but he eventually overpowered her and struck her with the bat.
Valdez stole her purse and ran to another area of the apartment complex, but a neighbor and Parker's son was able to restrain him until officers arrived to arrest him. He later admitted to police that he had been high on meth and didn't remember anything.
Valdez was taken to a local jail on a $125,000 bond.
Mid-morning fire guts Enterprise house
A fire of unknown origin yesterday destroyed a two-storey concrete house in Section ‘C' Enterprise, East Coast Demerara, and a family of four is now counting their losses. The fire reportedly started around 11:00 hrs as smoke was seen emanating from the upper flat.
Residing at the house were 46-year-old Devon Angoy, his wife, Adele Frank-Angoy and their two children, who are 22 and 19 respectively.
Persons became aware of the blaze after smoke was seen billowing from within. Calls were made to the Fire Service which arrived sometime later. No one was home at the time of the incident. According to Mr Angoy, he could not immediately provide an estimate of the family's losses, but he hinted that that it was substantial.
His wife was reportedly fainted upon seeing their house ablaze. Nothing could be saved.
Meanwhile, fire officials are investigating to determine the cause.
IT'S that time of year again when members of Cliona's Foundation Cycle Club prepare to saddle up for the charity's 10th annual fundraising cycle.
The cycle which will raise much-need funds for Limerick based charity Cliona's Foundation, takes place this year on Saturday, August 26.
Appealing to participants of all ages and levels of fitness, the popular event will start this year from Bruff Rugby Club, just 25km from Limerick city.
With three routes including a 10km for children, a 40km family cycle and the 90km Cliona's Challenge, the event caters for cyclists of all levels of ability.
Speaking at the launch of the cycle at the People's Park in Limerick, former Ireland and Munster rugby star David Wallace showed his delight at being able to promote and participate in this year's cycle.
“As a father of three healthy children I really admire the work of Cliona's Foundation and the much-needed support they provide to families.
“I cannot imagine the upset and stress that parents experience when told the awful news that your child is sick and will require treatment for the course of their life.
“At that point in time I assume you don't even think about the costs involved, and in fairness you shouldn't really have to, that is why what Cliona's Foundation does is very unique and impactful,” he said.
Cliona's Foundation has supported over 400 families over the past 10 years and has raised in excess of one million euro for parents of children with life-limiting or chronic complex to help with the non-medical expenses related to caring for their child.
“The first six months of 2017 has seen a huge increase in the number of applications for support the charity has received,” said Brendan Ring, co-founder of Cliona's Foundation.
"We are really hoping that the proceeds from this cycle will help us provide assistance to these families that are on our waiting list. We have already helped out 63 families this year and have another 20 currently waiting for support from us, so we really need the public's help," he added.
Founded in 2007 by Brendan and Terry Ring, in memory of their daughter Cliona who died of an inoperable brain tumour, the charity provides financial help to children with life limiting conditions and orgainisers are asking everyone to make an extra effort to take part.
Follow @insidefutbol
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp has batted away a question on Philippe Coutinho, after being asked about the course of action the Brazilian has taken in his pre-Hoffenheim press conference.
Klopp has taken his Liverpool side to Germany for the first leg of their Champions League playoff round tie against Bundesliga outfit Hoffenheim.
Coutinho, who wants to join Barcelona and has slapped in a transfer request, is not in the travelling party, officially due to injury.
Liverpool have turned down two offers for the attacking midfielder from Barcelona, but Coutinho is now doing all he can at his end to force the Reds to sell him to the Catalan giants.
Klopp was asked at the press conference for his opinion on the course of action Coutinho has chosen to take.
The Orlando Magic's defensive problems Sunday stemmed directly from the point guard. At the initial point of attack, the Magic were struggling to get stops.
Orlando Magic 104 Indiana Pacers 117
The Orlando Magic already knew they had a problem in the first half.
They had just cut the lead down to six and Jeff Teague was writhing on the floor at Bankers Life Fieldhouse in pain having just rolled his ankle. It was a momentary reprieve for Orlando as Teague was getting into the lane past D.J. Augustin time and time again to rip the Magic defense apart.
In came Aaron Brooks to replace the injured Teague. And in came Elfrid Payton to provide some stiffened defense.
That did not work either. Brooks pushed the pace and broke Elfrid Payton off the dribble for a runner. Following another miss by an anemic Magic offense, Brooks juked Payton out of his shoes and hit a one-handed push shot for three to give the Pacers an 11-point halftime lead.
Brooks, Teague and anyone else driving against the Magic's perimeter defense were having their way getting into the paint and tearing apart the Magic's defense during an 117-104 Indiana Pacers win on Sunday to start off 2017.
And even with Magic coach Frank Vogel pushing Payton into the starting lineup to start the third quarter, the defense just would not awaken. Specifically on the perimeter. Teague and Brooks again ripped into the perimeter, dumping it down to Myles Turner and Al Jefferson for easy baskets or collapsing the defense entirely for an open 3-pointer.
Vogel said it succinctly. The team has to be better at the “head of the snake.” The point guard's defense was the primary problem for the Magic throughout Sunday's game.
Teague scored 12 points to go with nine assists, making five of his nine shots, and Brooks scored 14 points to go with two assists on six for nine shooting. All but two of Teague's attempts came right at the rim.
The Pacers scored 48 points in the paint against the Magic and had 28 assists and nine secondary assists. They were better at getting the Magic defense to collapse around them. It started at point guard.
This has been a recurring problem not just this season, but also last season. Payton's poor defense, particularly on pick and rolls was a big reason for the Magic's sudden defensive drop last year and their overall struggles.
By many defensive metrics, Payton was a weak link defensively last year. His defensive win shares dropped from 2.3 to 1.7 and his defensive box plus-minus rating dropped from 0.8 to -0.5. This year, Payton already has totaled 1.0 defensive win shares and a 0.4 defensive box plus-minus.
Overall, he has been much better this year.
Orlando Magic Daily 15h January may once again be turning point for Orlando Magic
But with the team's offensive struggles and Vogel's decision to start Bismack Biyombo, the team has started D.J. Augustin. And Augustin has never been known for his defensive prowess.
In his career, Augustin has never had a positive defensive box plus-minus. This year he has a -3.4 defensive box plus-minus. At least according to this metric, Augustin's defense has not been good this year and has been really bad even for his poor defensive career.
And that was on full display Sunday against the Pacers.
As Indiana continued to grow its lead in the third and fourth quarters, they all seemed to come on the same kind of play.
Teague or Brooks would drive into the lane, suck in the big men and dump it off to Jefferson, Turner or whomever for a big dunk. In one stretch late in the third quarter, after the Magic had cut the deficit down to nine, Brooks ran that same play three times, finding little resistance.
This has a cascading effect. The Magic's bigs can play good defense and protect the rim. But crafty point guards know how to suck those bigs in and dump it off to the open man they leave behind or to kick it out to the perimeter.
With few exceptions, Serge Ibaka, Nikola Vucevic and Bismack Biyombo did a good job stopping dribble penetration. But there was no one to cover their man behind them. They need a little bit more resistance from their perimeter defenders so they can recover.
The typical corraling and stunting the Magic do to slow down penetration simply did not work. The bigs certainly share their blame. Perhaps they could have set a better angle to guide the point guards where they want them to go.
But ultimately, a defense is only as successful as the individual defender's ability to stop his man. Or at least make things harder for him.
Throughout all of last season, the Magic learned that first hand as Payton struggled mightily with his defense against pick and rolls and against opposing point guards. He still has some struggles with that.
But considering the point guard brings the ball up and often initiates the offense, having strong defense on the ball at point guard is essential to any strong defense.
Against the Los Angeles Lakers a week ago, the big men told the guards to pressure their man and they would take care of the rim. That resulted in nine blocks in the first quarter. As Vogel joked after the game, that also meant there were nine blowbys.
Maybe that was more prophetic of his team's issues. And with this team's inconsistency, they could turn around and be decent in their next game.
Fixing the Magic's defensive problems likely does not come from anything schematic or reshuffling the big men. It likely starts with the guards stepping up.
And it certainly starts with the point guards stopping the initial action from the point guard.
More from Orlando Magic Daily
This article originally appeared on
Cleveland police tried in vain to persuade the crazed gunman who posted a Facebook video of himself executing an elderly man to surrender when they reached him on his cellphone, according to reports.
“Early in this investigation we did have contact with him, direct contact with our detectives,” Cleveland Police Chief Calvin Williams told reporters, according to Reuters. “They tried to convince him to turn himself in.”
SEE ALSO New clue emerges in Facebook killer's whereabouts 0:0 A ping from the cellphone of a behavioral health worker...
But Steve Stephens — a job counselor for teens and young adults — remains at large as the manhunt widened to Pennsylvania, New York, Indiana and Michigan.
Police have responded to hundreds of tips about the possible whereabouts of the suspect, but all leads have so far led to a dead end.
A ping from his cellphone was detected about 100 miles east of Cleveland in Erie, Pa., where he is known to have gambled at the Presque Isle Downs Casino, according to erienewsnow.com.
“Obviously, this individual is armed and dangerous, and quite frankly at this point he could be in a lot of places,” FBI Special Agent in Charge Stephen Anthony told a news conference in Cleveland early Monday.
Steve Stephens posted the gruesome video of him killing 74-year-old Robert Godwin Sr., a retired foundry worker who had spent Easter Sunday morning with his son and daughter-in-law before he was shot in the head.
Stephens, who has no prior criminal record, is not suspected in any other murders, despite a claim he made in a separate video of having killed more than a dozen other people, police said.
“We know that Steve is still out there,” Williams said. “We're asking the public to remain vigilant. We're asking you to go about your day, but be careful.”
Police said he might be driving a white or cream-colored Ford Fusion with the temporary tag of E363630, and asked anyone who spots him or his car to call police or a special hotline at 1-800-CALL FBI.
“We're going to make this individual's world very, very small,” US Marshal Pete Elliott said Monday.
News 5 went to about a dozen locations, including the Cleveland suburb of Solon, amid reports from callers claiming to have seen the shooter.
In Maple Heights, someone called saying they saw a man matching his description walking into the Giant Eagle on Warrensville Center Road. Maple Heights, Bedford, Bedford Heights, and Regional Transit police responded but did not find the suspect.
After hours of erroneous reports making the rounds online, Cleveland police told citizens to make sure they pay attention to reliable social media feeds.
“Misinformation in emergencies is dangerous,” a Cleveland police spokesperson wrote.
A woman Stephens mentioned to Godwin told CBS News in a text that “we had been in a relationship for several years.”
“I am sorry that all of this has happened,” Joy Lane said.
Godwin apparently was shot while picking up cans in a plastic bag, his daughter said.
“Not because he needed the money, it was just something he did,” said 52-year-old Debbie Godwin about the father of 10. “That's all he was doing. He wasn't harming anyone.”
Godwin said her dad was called the “junk man.”
“He'd pick up things off the street and fix them. He picked up bikes and he fixed them,” she said.
Meanwhile, a spokeswoman for the behavioral health facility where Stephens worked said he underwent an extensive FBI background check before being hired in 2008.
Nothing in the background check caused any concerns at Beech Brook, where Stephens prepared youth and young adults for employment since 2015, spokeswoman Nancy Kortemeyer said Monday.
The facility in Pepper Pike remained closed Monday out of concern for the safety of employees, clients and visitors.
With Post wires
Sony's Android Auto head units are pretty popular around these parts. And that's for good reason, they present an excellent value for those interested in adding the hardware Android Auto experience to their car. Fortunately for Sony fans everywhere, the company has just announced a new product for its Android Auto lineup, the XAV-AX200.
So far we don't have any pricing information or images of what the new model looks like. But if it lives up to the standards set by Sony's first Android Auto head unit, the XAV-AX100, then odds are you won't be disappointed. It's even billed as an "enhancement" to the previous model.
Specs for the XAV-AX200 include a 6.4" touchscreen with the obvious support for Android Auto, as well as Apple CarPlay. It also includes a built-in DVD Player (what year is it?), input for 3 external cameras, support for SiriusXM, and Bluetooth. More technical specs include 4V pre-out, 10Wx4 RMS/55Wx4 max output, Sony's "EXTRA BASS" sauce, a 10-band EQ, FLAC compatibility over USB, and configurable steering wheel remote input.
Sony's previous model, the XAV-AX100.
Most of those specs look to be pretty similar to the AX100, but the press release published lacks some significant details such as screen resolution and precise versions for things like Bluetooth. To be sure, we don't even know what it looks like yet. Sony did not include any images with the recent press release, so it could be an entirely new design. But with what we have on paper, the only real difference seems to be the DVD Player. So unless you're hankering to watch movies on your head unit, the older model might be a better value.
If I had a garage to use, or if I drove my car enough to merit an upgrade, I might want to grab one of these, myself. But until Sony announces a date for retail availability, we'll all be waiting. Right now the only dates set for North America are "by the end of the year."
This has got to mean something right? If we hunt it and spare it do we get our wishes granted? Who's up for a trip… https://t.co/TvBox8fOV8
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.
What to Know Two men started arguing on the A/C platform at the Times Square station early Tuesday afternoon and the fight turned physical
One man was slashed in the head with a knife; the other man fled the scene but was caught a short time later
Both men have been arrested on varying degrees of an assault charge
Two men are in custody after an argument escalated to a violent altercation on a Times Square subway platform Tuesday, authorities say.
It's not clear what the men were initially fighting about. They had been on the uptown A/C platform at 42nd Street just after noon. At one point, one of the men took out a knife and slashed the other on the side of his head.
The knife-wielding man then escaped on an uptown train. He was apprehended a short time later at the Columbus Circle station not far away.
The suspect was charged with second-degree assault. He told cops the slashed man had attacked him as well. The slashed man was then charged with third-degree assault. Authorities have not identified either man.
No one else was hurt in the fray.
The Voorhes for Reader's Digest
On the day the tornado hit, there was no indication severe weather was on its way—the sky was blue and the sun had been out. The first alert my husband, Jimmy, 67, and I, 65, got came around 9 p.m., from some scrolling text on the TV Jimmy was watching. He ran upstairs to find me in our third-floor bedroom, and we changed the channel from the presidential primary debate I had been watching to our local Pensacola, Florida, station.
No sooner had we found coverage of the tornado than it was on top of us. It was the loudest thing I have ever heard. The bones of the house shook, and the power went out. Pink insulation flew into the room from a trapdoor to the attic, and the wind began to roar through the house, most likely through blown-out windows and the door to our garage. We had three flights of steps to navigate to get to the relative safety of the first floor. Because the closet down there is wedged underneath a brick staircase, it seemed like the sturdiest place in our town house to wait things out.
I didn't know how or if we would make it down the steps. It felt as if there were no floor underneath me as the wind lifted me off my feet. I gripped the banister and tried to move forward, but this intense pressure held me in place. In those seconds of practical stillness, I could hear everything around me rattling. Everything was moving.
As we reached the last flight of steps, our front door blew out. Shards of glass that looked like crushed ice flew everywhere. Suddenly, a three-foot-long tree branch whipped through the doorframe. It flew over our heads, missing us by inches. Had we been one step up, it would have impaled us.
We got close to the staircase landing only to hear the loud ripping sound of our garage door coming off. The back wall of the house followed suit and tore off into the darkness outside.
By the time I reached the closet, the tornado had been over us for about a minute. Jimmy pushed me down to the closet floor, but he couldn't get inside himself because of the wind. I gripped Jimmy's arm as the tornado sucked the door open—we never did get it fully shut—and tried to bring Jimmy with it. My knees and scalp were full of glass, but in that moment, I felt no pain. If I had let go, Jimmy would have flown right out the back of the house and into the bay.
“Hold on! Hold on!” he yelled. But there was nothing in this closet to hold on to. We use it to store Christmas decorations.
All of a sudden, Jimmy lifted off his feet like people in tornadoes do in the movies. I thought he was gone. And then everything stopped. He landed on his feet. In those first quiet moments, I couldn't believe it was over. Jimmy said he'd go outside to check. “No,” I said. “Don't leave me. Don't leave me.”
Our neighbor says the storm lasted four minutes. In that time, four of the twelve town houses in our unit were completely destroyed. Of the houses left standing, ours suffered the most damage. Amazingly, none of us were severely injured.
If you ever find yourself in the path of a tornado here is how to survive.
ACC Tournament loves Barclays Center and wants to come back The ACC Tournament ended its two-year run at Barclays Center with Saturday's 71-63 Virginia win over North Carolina in the championship game. But if Brett Yormark gets his wish, it...
Virginia win a healing moment that was bigger than basketball Before Saturday night's ACC Tournament championship game against tradition-rich North Carolina, Virginia coach Tony Bennett got his players together and quoted scripture: Psalm 133. “It's a good and precious thing...
Virginia shuts down UNC to snag ACC crown Another championship is theirs, and Virginia has nothing left to prove — except everything. After opening the season unranked and picked to finish sixth in the ACC, the top-ranked Cavaliers...
Of course Grayson Allen gave Duke-UNC a blood-feud moment It still seems a bit odd: North Carolina and Duke playing an ACC Tournament game in Brooklyn. The concrete jungle looks nothing like Tobacco Row, and navigating the snow and...
North Carolina captures trilogy game over rival Duke In the past month, Duke finally became the juggernaut everyone expected to see all season. In switching to a zone defense, Mike Krzyzewski closed the holes that could keep him...
Virginia rolls into ACC final, but that won't stop the skeptics With one more win, top-ranked Virginia finally may earn the respect that customarily is attached to the No. 1 ranking — and convince the country it can crawl its way...
North Carolina's win sets up ACC clash everyone wants to see Who needs Tobacco Road when you've got Atlantic Avenue? You could play Duke-North Carolina in Bora Bora and it would be a big deal. But when these two behemoths square...
Duke star shows why he's expected to be No. 1 pick in NBA draft The main objective is to the win the ACC Tournament and ultimately a national championship. But Marvin Bagley III might have accomplished something else Thursday night at Barclays Center. He...
Clemson fends off pesky BC with shooting barrage Clemson is in the midst of its best season in nearly a decade, and for the first time in seven years, the Tigers will return to the NCAA Tournament. But...
Revealed: How Big Brother Naija Made Billions From Nigerians But Gave Winner Just 25 Million Naira #BBNaija
The Big Brother Naija (BBNaija) reality show has captivated Nigerians for the past 3 months with millions of viewers tuning in and voting for their favorite housemates.
Nigerians voted because they wanted their favorite BBNaija housemate to win the prize money of 25 million Naira, what most Nigerians were oblivious to be the fact that their voting made billions of Naira for the organizers.
During the BBNaija finale, Ebuka mentioned that 170 Million votes were cast this season. If a vote is 30 Naira, this could result to 5.1 Billion Naira earned by the organizers. If we apply the argument that only a third of the BBNaija votes were by SMS this would still result in a whooping 1.7 Billion Naira generated.
After the Telcos take their share the earnings for the BBNaija organizers would still be very significant. It would also be interesting to point out that the millions of Naira earned from advertising and sponsorship should be enough to cover the costs of the show.
The Big Brother Naija organizers have hyped the fact that the winner Miracle Ikechukwu would be walking away with 25 Million Naira in cash but they haven't informed the public of the consolation prizes for 1st runner-up Cynthia Nwadiora (Cee-C) and second runner-up Tobi Bakre.
It would be unfair if these two won't be walking away with anything from Big Brother Naija since they were the driving force behind the drama that made billions of Naira for the BBNaija organizers.
We would watch as the BBNaija post show drama unfolds and bring more updates on this.
Please share your thoughts on this below.
The post Revealed: How Big Brother Naija Made Billions From Nigerians But Gave Winner Just 25 Million Naira #BBNaija appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
South Africa take on New Zealand on Saturday in Cape Town for the final game of the Rugby championship with revenge and redemption in mind. The Springboks suffered their worst defeat against New Zealand on 16 September in Auckland losing 57-0.
The Auckland annihilation was particularly disappointing as South Africa had been showing signs of recovery after eight defeats during the 2016 Test season. They beat France three times and Argentina twice and drew in Australia before being savaged by the All Blacks.
It was another disastrous outing against New Zealand for the South Africa coach Allister Coetzee. Since suceeding Heyneke Meyer as coach last year, Coetzee has lost all three encounters.
The first in September 2016 ended 41-13 in favour of New Zealand in Christchurch followed a month later by a 57-15 thrashing in Durban. September 2017 was a case of deja vu.
"They do not seem to have any weak areas," conceded Coetzee. "But we must show that we have learnt from our experience in Auckland.";
More than 50,000 fans are expected for the match at Newlands stadium and Coetzee made three changes to the team that started a 27-27 draw with Australia last Saturday in Bloemfontein, all of them in the pack.
Prop Tendai Mtawarira misses out for personal reasons. Steven Kitshoff will start a Test for the first time after coming on as a replacement 18 times.
Lock Lood de Jager is recalled with Franco Mostert dropping to the bench. An injury to number eight Uzair Cassiem last weekend triggered a back-row shuffle with flanker Francois Louw taking his place and Pieter-Steph du Toit coming in.
New Zealand's coaches have also opted to freshen up their team. Winger Nene Milner-Skudder, centre Ryan Crotty, lock Sam Whitelock and flankers Sam Cane and Liam Squire return after being rested for the 36-10 triumph in Argentina last weekend.
"We want to give an 80 minute performance on the park," said assistant coach Ian Foster. "We feel we have not done that yet."
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.
The clock is ticking until Tax Day, this year falling on April 18. (Thank you, Abraham Lincoln.)
So far, more than 103 million people have filed their taxes, out of the 153 million the Internal Revenue Service expects to receive this year — that's 50 million, or almost a third of filers who have yet to send in their returns. If you can't file your taxes in time, you can file for a six-month extension (until Oct. 16).
Failing to file on time or pay due taxes by Tax Day can prove costly, and varies case by case. A late filing penalty applies to those who owe taxes and didn't file by the deadline and is 5% of the additional taxes owed for every month you are late, up to 25%. If two months pass and you haven't filed, the minimum penalty is $135 or 100% of your unpaid taxes, whichever is smaller, tax filing software provider TurboTax INTU states. A late payment penalty is 0.5% of the additional tax owed for every month, also up to a maximum of 25%.
Don't miss: What happens when you refuse to pay taxes for 40 years?
Here are a few tax hacks to consider:
Know what you can deduct from your income tax
There are a lot of qualifying deductions you might be able to make. Business-related items are tax deductible, of course, but so are odd items like swimming pools and hot tubs, the cost of which can be deducted if they are doctor-prescribed (in one adviser's case, her client's child needed swim therapy). Gambling losses, from casinos, lotteries or horse races, can also be deducted, but no more than your winnings within that tax year. Service dogs also count, as well as medical expenses related to training or maintaining the dog, like food and grooming.
Open up an individual retirement account
Taxpayers might want to open an individual retirement account, according to Harold Pollack, a professor at the University of Chicago School of Social Service Administration and the author of “The Index Card: Why Personal Finance Doesn't Have to Be Complicated.” There are two types: traditional, which are funded with pre-tax dollars, and Roth IRAs, funded with after-tax dollars. Contributing to a traditional IRA before Tax Day allows the investor to claim those contributions within the tax year, which can lead to a deduction. Roth IRAs are great for younger people, Pollack said — they have no immediate tax deductions, but the gains of the assets will grow tax-free. (Roth IRA investors can also withdraw assets without a penalty so long as it is not more than the principal they contributed).
Maximize your retirement contributions
Employer-sponsored retirement accounts, such as a 401(k) or 403(b) plan, have a maximum contribution limit of $18,000 (though people 50 or older in that calendar year can contribute an additional $6,000). The maximum contribution limit of IRAs is $5,500, with an additional $1,000 catch-up contribution for those 50 and older. The money grows with compound interest and is also tax-deductible. Just don't go over your limits; if you do with your 401(k), you'll have to notify your employer and plan administrator and request to refund that money and any earnings. You'll be taxed twice on that contribution if you fail to refund that money before Tax Day.
Understand how you spend
Take Tax Day as the time to learn about your spending habits, Pollack said. You may find you're spending money on things you don't need, or you're being auto-billed for a service you don't use. Start new financial habits, too, with a bit of spring cleaning: check your credit report, which may have errors you weren't aware of, create a budget to meet your personal goals, and sell unwanted items lying around your house to boost your savings or help fund a goal or pay down debt.
Prepare for next year
If procrastinating on your taxes was stressful this year, you don't have to go through it again next year. Get a head start on filing in 2018 by creating a binder to house important documents, such as major expenses, proof of charitable donations and investment documents. Find an accountant early so you can make an appointment. Perhaps even plan what to do with your refund — almost half of people put their refunds towards bills last year, followed by savings. Others used it to pay down debt, buy groceries and travel.
Terrence Howard is the “mayne” of the month now after memes of him in different movie scenes, replacing “man” with “mayne” has taken over the Internet.
Aye, X-Mayne assemble! Magneto out here trippin' again mayne pic.twitter.com/wJFCu6O0Ji — brandon / jinx (@Jersey_Jinx) December 8, 2017
Over the weekend, the Empire star proved he has a sense of humor by responding to the hilarious memes dominating social media.
#TerrenceHoward response to the #Mayne memes😂🤣 (via:@theterrencehoward) @theshaderoom A post shared by Terrence Howard Daily® (@terrencehowarddaily) on Dec 10, 2017 at 7:06am PST
Check out some of those instantly classic “mayne” memes here.
Also On 101.1 The Wiz:
TOPEKA, Kan. (AP) — Republican Ron Estes plans to take his seat April 25 as the congressman representing south-central Kansas.
Estes is state treasurer and won a special election for the 4th Congressional District seat previously held by CIA Director Mike Pompeo.
Estes plans to step down as state treasurer when he's sworn in as congressman. He submitted his resignation to GOP Gov. Sam Brownback that the governor's office made public Monday.
A state board plans to convene April 24 to certify the special election results.
Brownback will name the next treasurer. Spokeswoman Melika Willoughby said Brownback is still looking at potential candidates.
Estes defeated Democrat James Thompson for the congressional seat by 7 percentage points. The race drew national attention because Pompeo won his last three elections by more than 30 percentage points.
CHICAGO (Tribune News Service) - The IDF is considering sending another military delegation for talks with government and military personnel in Egypt in order to solve the problem of deliberate disruption of Israeli mobile telephone networks, sources inform "Globes." The security forces have apparently already sent one delegation to Egypt in recent weeks, but Israel's effort in the matter was not completely successful.
Minister of Communications Ayoob Kara met today with heads of the local authorities in the south at the Sdot Negev Regional Council in order to learn about the severity of the problem and inform them of the efforts being made to solve it. Those present were briefed about the problem, and the minister of communications promised them that all senior officials in the country were making an effort to solve the problem.
As reported last week in "Globes," the disruptions are not accidental; they are an organized attack by the Egyptian army against the Israeli mobile telephone sites near the border with Sinai. The disruptions are having a negative impact on the mobile communications of hundreds of thousands of Israelis living in the south. Israel doubts Egypt's assertion that this is needed in order to combat ISIS in Sinai. Israeli intelligence sources say that the Egyptians are deliberately and knowingly violating Israeli sovereignty. This is the reason why these sources believe that Israel cannot allow such conduct by anyone.During today's discussion, Kara said, "An end to the mobile phone disturbances in the south is approaching." This is not the first time that Kara has made this assertion, but late last week, as revealed by "Globes," the Ministry of Communications expressed cautious optimism, claiming that the problem was close to being solved. According to Kara, following a great effort by government ministries and the army, it appears that a solution to the disruptions in the south has been found.The Ministry of Communications said that in an emergency discussion convened by Kara with all the relevant parties, including the heads of the local councils, IDF C4I Corps chief officer Major General Nati Cohen, and representatives of mobile phone companies Partner Communications Ltd., Pelephone Communications Ltd., Cellcom Israel Ltd., and HOT Mobile Ltd., the minister was informed of the actions taken to solve the problem.Kara instructed the relevant parties to follow and make sure that the problem had indeed been solved, and added that additional actions had been taken to prevent its recurrence.An IDF spokesperson said, "We will not comment on the meeting or what happened there."©2018 the Globes (Tel Aviv, Israel)Visit the Globes (Tel Aviv, Israel) at www.globes.co.il/serveen/globes/nodeview.asp?fid=942Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.
This couple is seeing double rings!
When Becky McCabe went to propose to her girlfriend, Jessa Gillaspie, she stalled her answer by doing THIS.
True love never lies! Congrats to the happy couple.
The Starbucks arrests were just one in a string of high-profile episodes in recent weeks involving minorities who appeared to have been racially profiled while doing something innocuous — sitting in a coffee shop, barbecuing in a park, or taking a nap in a Yale common room. These incidents, which caught fire on social media, have set off a wave of protests and prompted a national conversation about facing racism in everyday life.
Pluralities of Americans said race relations in the United States are getting worse (45 percent) and think that too little attention is paid to race and racial issues (41 percent).
Overall, a 30 percent plurality think race is the biggest source of division in America today, up from 26 percent in February. Racial tensions can be tied to large national events, but the poll also finds stark differences by race focused on everyday experiences.
Four in 10 African-Americans say they have been treated unfairly in a store or restaurant because of their race in the last month, compared to a quarter of Hispanics and only 7 percent of whites.
Earlier this month, three black Airbnb guests in Southern California were detained after a white neighbor called the police. About a week later, a white Yale University student called the police when she found a black student napping in the common room of their dorm. Also in May, a video of a white woman who called the police on a black family barbecuing by a lake in Oakland, California, went viral.
In February, the restaurant chain Applebee's apologized and fired three employees for their involvement in racially profiling two African-American customers, falsely accusing them of not paying their check. A video of the incident went viral, prompting the apology.
In April, another viral video showed two black men in Philadelphia being arrested after Starbucks employees called 911 to say the men were trespassing. The company apologized and is closing stores for the afternoon on May 29 for racial sensitivity training.
Lamont Patton, second from right, from Everett and Jones Barbeque, cooks up a free feast at the "BBQ-ing While Black" event in Oakland, California on May 20. Hundreds came out in response to a confrontation caught on video there a few weeks ago when someone complained to police about a group of black people barbecuing. Laura A. Oda / East Bay Times via AP
Other recent incidents include ordinary citizens being harassed or questioned for speaking Spanish, such as the Manhattan attorney who berated restaurant employees on camera for speaking the language and threatening to call immigration authorities, and the Border Patrol agent who detained two women for speaking it at Montana gas station.
Racial discrimination isn't just felt in public spaces. Just under a quarter of Americans said they have experienced discrimination in the workplace based on their race, but blacks are more likely than any other racial subgroup to experience it. About half (48 percent) of African-Americans said they've experienced workplace discrimination based on their race compared to 36 percent of Hispanics and only 14 percent of whites.
There are further divides among racial subgroups when asked specifically about how each race is perceived in society. A whopping 72 percent of Americans think that racial discrimination against blacks is a serious problem in this country. While 89 percent of blacks and 81 percent of Hispanics share that sentiment, 68 percent of whites said it's a serious problem and 30 percent said it's not a serious problem.
Overall, a majority think white people benefit from advantages in society that black people do not have. Among blacks, 84 percent said white people benefit a great deal or fair amount. Among Hispanics, 71 percent said white people benefit and 25 percent said they do not. But half of white people said they don't enjoy any advantages, as compared to 47 percent of white people who said they did.
Day-to-day, overwhelming majorities of blacks (71 percent) and Hispanics (69 percent) said they interact with a mix of people from different races at work or school. A majority of whites also said they interact with a mix of different races (59 percent), but 20 percent of whites said they interact with mostly whites.
Majorities across all racial subgroups also said that during social activities in person, including time with friends, they interact with a mix of people from different races. However, 39 percent of whites said they socially interact with mostly whites.
The poll also found that Americans are split on how often they personally engage in discussions about race with family and friends. A bare majority of Americans (51 percent) say they often or sometimes talk with their friends and family about race relations, while 47 percent say they rarely or never have these types of discussions with friends and family.
The NBC News|SurveyMonkey poll was conducted May 14-21, 2018 among a national sample of 6,518 adults. Respondents for this nonprobability survey were selected from the nearly 3 million people who take surveys on the SurveyMonkey platform each day. Results have an error estimate of plus or minus 1.5 percentage points. For full results and methodology, click here.
Image copyright Wales News Service Image caption The World War Two bombs was once taken into a school
A bomb picked up on a beach during World War Two that was passed around a family in Bridgend for years has been detonated by the Army.
Soldier Gerwyn Miles found the device 70 years ago while serving in Japan and Asia and brought it home.
It was kept in his house before being taken to other family homes and even into a school for a show and tell.
But, after his daughter realised it was still live, it was safely detonated by a bomb disposal team.
Lynis Jones said she and her husband Lyn found her father's bomb while clearing out their home.
After the Army bomb disposal experts were called in on Monday night, it was taken away to a nearby rural area in Heol-y-Cyw to be disposed of.
"It was a huge shock when we realised that this device that had been in the family for years was actually a live bomb," said Mrs Jones.
She said the experts told her it looked live because it was in such a good condition.
Image copyright Wales News Service Image caption The bomb disposal van arrived in Bridgend at about 23:00 BST on Monday
"They took it out to the van and X-rayed it which confirmed that it was live. The decision was made to blow it up," she said.
"They said if it had not been moved around as much as it had they would have evacuated the whole street but because we had handled it so much the decision was made not to.
"If it had been lying in an attic for years and years, they definitely would have evacuated everyone in the area."
Her daughter Jessica said her grandfather would have found the story hilarious.
"I remember bringing it into school with grampa to show off to all my friends when I was seven," she added.
"My grandad must be laughing so hard at all of this."
More than a dozen states are considering prison reform measures to drastically reduce their inmate populations to save money. But law enforcement in California are blaming their reforms for a recent uptick in crime.
“The most recent statistics from the U.S. Department of Justice show violent crime rates in some California cities has increased by over 50 percent,” said Michele Hanisee, president of the Association of Los Angeles Deputy District Attorneys. “If you look at the national data, our violent crime rates are going up faster than the rest of the nation. So why?”
Prosecutors and police have an explanation — a series of prison reform measures, which reduce the state prison population by 20,000 inmates by releasing non-violent offenders early and making some felonies misdemeanors. One law, Assembly Bill 109, transferred 60,000 felony parole violators a year from state prison to county control. The measure saved California $100 million but some argue it was not without casualties.
“You're passing these propositions, you're creating these laws that are raising crime,” complained Whittier Police Chief Jeff Piper following the fatal shooting of a member of his force. “It's not good for our community and it's not good for our officers.”
Piper believes AB 109 contributed to the February 20 death of Whittier police officer Keith Boyer. The shooting suspect is convicted felon Michael Mejia, who court records show cycled in and out of prison several times between 2010 and 2016 for various charges including robbery and grand theft auto. After his release from Pelican Bay State Prison in April 2016, he violated parole four times.
Under the old law, he would have returned to prison but under AB 109, he received a ten-day “flash incarceration” in county jail. Just days later, he allegedly killed Boyer and his own cousin and injured another officer.
“Ten days in jail, which for a hardened criminal is a slap on the wrist, has no effect,” said Hanisee.
Voters also passed Proposition 47 in 2014, which converted many nonviolent offenses, such as drug and property crimes, from felonies to misdemeanors. It affected future convictions and reduced California's existing prison population by 13,000, which saves the state $150 million a year, according to a Stanford University study.
However, Los Angeles County Board of Supervisors blamed Prop. 47, along with AB 109, for creating “additional and considerable” threats to law enforcement. The board cited the death of four police officers in the last year. In two cases in Los Angeles and Palm Springs, the suspects had parole violations that would have put them back in state prison before the measures. Instead, they, too, received flash incarcerations.
“If it's not AB 109, if it's not Prop. 47, why are the violent crime rates going up?” said Hanisee. “You have to stick your head in the sand like an ostrich to think that maybe releasing thousands of felons to local probation doesn't have something to do with it.”
“California is certainly having a significant problem with the increase of crime in our state,” said California Assemblyman Matt Harper, R- Huntington Beach, who opposed AB 109. “The only thing that's really showing a difference in terms of how we approach crime and criminals is this change in our law allowing people to be able to go out on the streets, which previously they would have stayed in prison and not be committing crimes. To play these nonviolent offender games [is] a recipe for disaster.”
But others disagree with linking a reduction in inmate numbers to spikes in crime rates.
“The link between incarceration [and] crime is not nearly as strong as many people believe it is,” says Sentencing Project Executive Director Marc Mauer. “New York and New Jersey have reduced their prison populations by 25 percent in the last decade and they've seen crime rates decline.”
Mauer and other prison reform advocates says states can effectively reduce incarceration numbers if they invest in post-release programs.
“What California needs to do is invest the savings gaining from reducing the state prison population,” Mauer said. “That involves probation officers helping people transition. That involves substance abuse and treatment. Some involves job placement — all the things we know that can help to reduce subsequent crime by these people.”
Charis Kubrin, a professor of criminology at the University of California-Irvine, claims AB 109 “had zero impact” on violent crime across the state, according to first scientific analysis of AB 109 last year. After accounting for factors like unemployment, the UC-Irvine study found the assembly bill did contribute to a rise in property crimes, with the most dramatic increase in auto thefts. The study found no evidence it increased the number of assaults, rapes and murders.
The Public Policy Institute of California found similar results, even though some places, including San Francisco, Los Angeles, and other cities throughout Southern California, saw double digit percent increases in violent crimes in 2016, according to its analysis of FBI data.
William La Jeunesse joined FOX News Channel (FNC) in March 1998 and currently serves as a Los Angeles-based correspondent.
0:57 Police officer donates bike to help Warner Robins man with his daily commute Pause
1:48 'She was a brave young lady,' Brooklyn Rouse's aunt says
0:51 Macon grocer lists the must-have foods for New Year's Day
0:49 Forsyth child battling cancer becomes guest DJ
1:53 They were unable to survive, fire chief says of family of 3
1:17 Watch formerly conjoined twins Erika and Eva Sandoval meet for the first time after separation
1:33 Chance Jones credits assistants for first-year success
0:40 Bob Denison volunteers to make the old new again
5:44 Industrial Authority takes over bringing new industry to Macon-Bibb
McDonald's McDonald's has also introduced self-serve kiosks as part of its “experience of the future” upgrades
As more customers shift to mobile-order-and-pay platforms, McDonald's Corp. is expected to reap rewards when it rolls out the system across its 14,000 U.S. restaurants in the fourth quarter, according to Wells Fargo.
Analysts upgraded McDonald's MCD, +0.45% shares to outperform from market perform in a Monday note, and raised the fast-food giant's valuation range to $145 to $150 from $125 to $130. McDonald's shares are up 0.5% in Monday trading.
“Restaurant consumers are aggressively gravitating toward concepts that offer the greatest level of convenience and control across ordering, payment and distribution,” Wells Fargo wrote. “[A]mong the hamburger players, we believe that McDonald's is establishing a first-mover advantage with digital that can drive sustainable share gains in late 2017 and beyond.”
Mobile order and pay is part of the company's previously-announced vision for the “experience of the future,” which also includes table service, curbside check-in, and other features. Wells Fargo says Wendy's Co. WEN, +0.82% is next up for the service, with half of its system expected to offer it by the end of this year. Burger King, a Restaurant Brands International Inc. QSR, +0.96% chain, and Jack in the Box Inc. JACK, -0.23% are testing the service, analysts said.
See also: McDonald's to expand mobile, delivery options
How your mind can make you fat (1:48) Medical costs related to obesity are estimated at $147 billion per year. But according to recent research, the answer to the obesity epidemic might in fact have more to do with our brains than with our bodies.
Wells Fargo also based its upgrade on the expected second-quarter close of McDonald's deal in China, after which Wells Fargo expects a “sizeable” margin and return on invested capital expansion inflection point. McDonald's announced in January that it is selling an 80% stake in its Chinese operations to a group that includes Citic Ltd. and private-equity firm Carlyle Group LP CG, -0.31%
Outside of burger chains, mobile order and pay is proving successful at Starbucks Corp. SBUX, +0.99% so successful that the number of orders flooding in is causing pick-up congestion at cafes. Starbucks is testing mobile order-only stores as one solution.
Fast-casual chain Panera Bread Co. PNRA, -0.14% has also invested heavily in tech upgrades, with digital sales making up 24% of all sales at company-owned restaurants, according to its most recent earnings report.
See also: Panera Bread's $7.5 billion takeover may trigger a wave of restaurant deals
According to UBS' new Burger Competition Monitor, competition among burger chains is high, not just in the quick-service space, but with fast-casual as well
“For every traditional burger concept there are 16 other traditional units within a 10-minute driving time,” UBS wrote in the April 11 report. Fast-casual, or “better burger” chains, like Shake Shack Inc. SHAK, -0.91% however are underpenetrated, and pose a threat to McDonald's.
“As smaller, fast casual chains continue to generate outsized burger segment growth, they are exerting more pressure on McDonald's restaurants, and their contribution to competitive intensity continues to grow,” the report said.
These chains might appeal to a different diner, and their footprint doesn't compare to McDonald's. “But continued new opens in the same markets highlight increased market penetration in the burger segment,” UBS said.
In addition to digital upgrades, McDonald's has been focused on changes to the menu, introducing fresh beef in its Quarter Pounder sandwiches, for instance, and testing flavors like sriracha.
See also: The next anchor at your mall could be a food hall
UBS rates McDonald's shares neutral with a $130 price target.
McDonald's shares are up 8% for the year so far, while the Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, +0.90% is up 5% for the same period.
Bond turmoil, no problem. But if Italy doesn't stick to the rules, the ECB might let the bonds go, “safeguard the remaining Eurozone members,” and “merely control the disaster.”
After dizzying plunges in the Italian government bond market on Monday and Tuesday, the ECB wasted no time communicating through unofficial channels: It's not stepping in for now, it's keeping an eye on the Italian bonds, but they haven't really plunged all that much yet, and yields aren't really that high, and there are no signs of stress in lending between Italian banks, and deposits are stable, and this isn't yet a big deal that would require ECB action.
They also said that the ECB had neither the tools nor a mandate to solve what it considers primarily a political crisis in Italy.
These envoys were “sources close to that matter,” later described as “three officials,” who talked to Reuters.
And this is what they were reacting to: The two-year Italian government bond yield had skyrocketed from near-zero to 2.8%, most of it on Monday and Tuesday. And today it fell back to 1.73%. This is an hourly chart of the past four days of bond turmoil:
The sources said that Italian government bond yields, reflecting the government's borrowing costs, were still less than half of their peaks during the debt crisis in 2011.
Today the Italian government's debt office sold €1.8 billion of 10-year notes at a yield of 3.0%. So the cost of borrowing for the government has jumped from 1.7% at the last 10-year auction, but is still way lower than the 7.56% it paid in November 2011, during the peak of the Eurozone debt crisis. And it's just a little above what the US government currently would have to pay.
Also today, the debt office sold €1.7 billion in five-year notes at a yield of 2.325%. This is the most since 2013, but still low. And lower than what the US government would have to pay (2.66% currently).
Yesterday – on the worst day for Italian bonds in Eurozone history – the government sold €5.5 billion of six-month bills at an average yield of 1.21%. While that's up from negative yields in prior auctions, where investors absurdly agreed to pay the government for the privilege of lending it money, the yield is still massively below the US six-month yield of 2.06%.
And yields for maturities of three months and shorter are still negative. So the government has no trouble borrowing in this environment; it just has to pay a little more, an indication that the ECB's negative interest rate policy (NIRP) is beginning to phase out for Italy.
This is why the three envoys from the ECB told Reuters that the funding costs were still less than half of the costs during the debt crisis, that bank deposits were stable, and that there were no signs of stress in the interbank-lending market.
“No central bank would act on the back of the events of a few days,” one source told Reuters.
“We're not yet at a stage when you have to start worrying about bank deposits and I hope we'll never get there,” another source told Reuters.
This is not to say the ECB would never step in and aid Italy. In an interview with the Spiegel, published on May 29, outgoing ECB Vice President Vítor Constâncio, when asked if the ECB would intervene again as it had done in 2012, replied: yes, but there would be conditions – namely an “adjustment program” or commonly called austerity:
“I would like to stress that every intervention has to contribute to the fulfilment of our mandate and is also subject to conditionality. The Outright Monetary Transactions program for intervening in national sovereign bond markets of vulnerable countries can only be used if the country in question also agrees to an adjustment program. The rules are very clear on this. Everyone should remember that.”
Spiegel: “So if Italy wants to circumvent the EU's fiscal rules, it can't necessarily count on the ECB's help?”
Constâncio: “I will only say that Italy knows the rules. They should perhaps take another close look at them.”
But these rules are anathema to the two anti-establishment parties – the Five-Star Movement and the League which have been trying unsuccessfully so far to form a coalition government. The League has said that if its plan to lower taxes and raise spending (the opposite of austerity) isn't acceptable to the EU, it sees Italy's exit from the euro as a contingency plan. Hence, an “adjustment program,” imposed on Italy in return for an ECB bailout, is not likely to happen if the coalition succeeds in forming a government.
Then the ECB might just let Italy's bonds go their own way and focus on preventing financial contagion in the remaining Eurozone member states, according to one of the sources who told Reuters: “The ECB could safeguard the remaining Eurozone members but it would be merely controlling the disaster.”
And in that case, bondholders – mostly institutions – that hold Italian government debt would be left to negotiate with the Italian government on their own.
But that's not the case for now. And the bond market is not seriously speculating on this possibility either. It's simply normalizing yields, but doing so very swiftly, rather than gradually.
Markets wailed and gnashed their teeth on Monday and Tuesday as normalization of Italian yields set in. Read… NIRP's Revenge: Italian Bonds Plunge, The Worst Day in Decades
Would you like to be notified via email when WOLF STREET publishes a new article? Sign up here.
Two senators are raising concerns about a contract awarded to Equifax by the Internal Revenue Service to verify the identities of taxpayers, just weeks after the data company said a security breach had compromised the identities of 143 million Americans over the course of several months this year.
Senators Ben Sasse, a Republican from Nebraska, and Elizabeth Warren, a Massachusetts Democrat, wrote to IRS Commissioner John Koskinen Thursday, after reports emerged that the tax agency had awarded a $7.2 million no-bid contract to Equifax EFX, +0.93% on September 30.
That news broke even as the company's CEO was facing questions on Capitol Hill about the security breach and Equifax's management of it.
Also read: Former Equifax CEO apologizes for data breach in congressional testimony
The contract specifies that Equifax will “verify taxpayer identity and assist in ongoing identity verification and validation needs of the IRS.” It was designated a “sole-source” contract, meaning that the government believes Equifax is the only company capable of providing this service.
But, as the two senators noted in a release: “Right now, no businesses or consumers in Massachusetts or Nebraska would blindly trust Equifax to protect against fraud or handle sensitive personal information. It is surprising that the IRS would choose to do so give its legal obligations to protect Americans' privacy.”
Sasse and Warren, described by their press officers as one of the Senate's “most conservative members” and one of the “most liberal members,” asked the IRS for more information on the decision-making for the contract, including whether Equifax had committed to new security requirements.
They also said that the scale of the breach over the summer “puts a significant burden on the company to earn any government contract, and on the IRS to explain fully why such a contract was awarded. If the IRS cannot sufficiently do so, this contract should be rescinded.”
Also read: Were you impacted by the Equifax breach? You risk financial chaos by doing nothing
Want to upgrade your earring game for spring? The choice is clear: Try lucite!
Designer Alison Chemla of Alison Lou — known for whimsical wares such as emoji pendants and mushroom-shaped stud earrings — just dropped a new capsule collection of hoop earrings called LOUCITE.
Hollywood is already obsessed. The sheer stunners have only been out for a month, and they've already been worn by a smattering of stars, including Jennifer Lopez and Alicia Keys.
As the collection's famous fans have proved, the pieces are ultraversatile: They go just as well with a full-skirted feminine dress (à la Blake Lively) as they do with a retro, sporty windbreaker (as seen on Gabrielle Union).
The small-size earrings go for $125, the medium for $145 and the largest for $165. You can also score a set of three pairs for $395, packaged in a chic, clear plastic tote.
Stargazers, take note: Celeb-loved styles, including Selena Gomez's small white pair, are currently on pre-order.
Pennsylvania will have a new congressional map for this year's elections, after the US Supreme Court declined a request to halt the maps — issued by the Pennsylvania Supreme Court earlier this year — from going into effect.
The Monday afternoon order from the US Supreme Court, with no opinion and no noted dissents, followed a more extensive ruling earlier Monday from a three-judge district court panel reaching a similar conclusion. The pair of rulings appeared — absent an unexpected development — to end Republicans' hopes to stop the maps from taking effect for the 2018 midterms.
Under the map that was tossed out earlier this year by the Pennsylvania Supreme Court, only five of the state's 18 congressional districts are represented by Democrats — despite the fact that registered Democrats outnumber Republicans in the swing state. The new map is expected to bring that number closer to the parity that would be expected in the state.
The Pennsylvania Supreme Court issued the new map itself in mid-February after the Republican-led state legislature and Democratic governor could not agree on a new congressional map. The redrawing process followed an order from the state high court that the state's earlier map was a partisan gerrymander that violated the state's constitution.
Because the ruling was based on the state's constitution and not the US Constitution, the options for opponents to challenge it were limited. Pennsylvania Republicans tried to get federal courts to halt the new map from going into effect by claiming that the state supreme court's ruling violated the US Constitution's "elections clause," which states that "[t]he Times, Places and Manner of
holding Elections for Senators and Representatives" are to be set "in each State by the Legislature thereof."
With Monday's rulings, however, it appeared that the effort was unsuccessful and that the new map would control the 2018 elections — further news to buoy Democratic hopes at retaking the House this fall.
The influential post-hardcore band Hot Snakes broke up in 2005 and reunited briefly in 2011, but have now announced a new album out in spring 2018 via Sub Pop. The label will also reissue the band's three previous albums, Automatic Midnight (2000), Suicide Invoice (2002), and Audit in Progress (2004). Hot Snakes will also embark on a small US tour in November. Revisit the band's 2004 album and check out the new tour dates below.
Hot Snakes:
11-08 Long Beach, CA – Alex's Bar
11-09 Los Angeles, CA – The Troubadour
11-10 San Francisco, CA – The Chapel
11-11 Portland, OR – Star Theatre
11-12 Seattle, WA – Chop Suey
11-15 Washington, DC – Rock and Roll Hotel
11-16 Brooklyn, NY – Bell House
11-17 Boston, MA – Middle East – Boston
11-18 Philadelphia, PA – Underground Arts
Frankie Edgar couldn't get up for the first time LAS VEGAS — Brian Ortega needed less than one round at UFC 222 to do something never done before. After becoming the first person ever to knock out Frankie Edgar,...
UFC's dangerous new addiction has amazing potential —The UFC has a plan and they're sticking to it. So-called “money” fights are the top priority, entertainment is No. 2 and battles of actual merit come in a distinct...
Holly Holm couldn't shock the UFC world again LAS VEGAS — Holly Holm gave Cris “Cyborg” Justino the longest fight of her career. She just didn't have enough to knock off yet another MMA star. Justino used power...
Cris 'Cyborg' Justino will battle Holly Holm at UFC 219 Cris “Cyborg” Justino is finally getting a dream UFC opponent. The company announced its women's featherweight titleholder will fight former bantamweight champion Holly Holm at UFC 219 on Dec. 30...
Charlotte Flair offers WWE warning for Rousey, 'Cyborg' Charlotte Flair thinks Ronda Rousey and Cris “Cyborg” Justino's interest in WWE is good for business — even if neither ever has a match. And if they ever do, fans...
'Ronda Rousey's coach is trying to get her slaughtered' Long-time Ronda Rousey rival Miesha Tate has slammed the former UFC star's coach Edmond Tarverdyan for talking up a comeback fight against Cristiane “Cyborg” Justino. Rousey has effectively retired after...
Cris 'Cyborg' Justino: I'll fight Rousey — inside a WWE ring Cris “Cyborg” Justino was once itching for a chance to enter the UFC ring with Ronda Rousey. Now, with that opportunity on the table, it is apparently far less enticing....
The problem with and allure of Jon Jones-Brock Lesnar ANAHEIM, Calif. — Jon Jones really wants to fight Brock Lesnar, but UFC president Dana White doesn't see it happening anytime soon. Jones called out Lesnar, the WWE wrestling star...
‘Cyborg' challenges WWE star to SummerSlam bout after title win Shortly after winning her first UFC title by defeating Tonya Evinger, Cris “Cyborg” Justino called out her next desired opponent — except she wasn't from the UFC. The new UFC...
Odebrecht SA, the Brazilian conglomerate at the center of the country's epic graft scandal, will miss a debt payment due this week as it struggles to get more credit from banks to make up for operations that have all but halted over the last few years.
The privately held group with businesses from oil to construction won't send funds to cover the 500 million-real ($144 million) offshore bond maturing April 25, a spokesperson said by phone, adding that the firm will try to use less than 30 days to meet its obligations.
Earlier, Odebrecht said it's still negotiating with banks for a loan that would allow it to meet its obligations, according to an emailed statement.
The company's perpetual notes fell 5.8 cents on Tuesday to 31.25 cents on the dollar, more than erasing the previous day's gains. The maturing bond last traded at 95.3 cents on Monday, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. People with direct knowledge of the negotiations had said Monday that it was highly unlikely Odebrecht would be able to make the payment on time.
Odebrecht is suffering from the fallout of dwindling cash flow after Latin America's construction industry came to a halt amid the so-called Carwash corruption probe, which sent some of its executives to jail. The scandal was centered on kickbacks for building contracts tied to Brazil's state-run oil producer Petroleo Brasileiro SA.
Odebrecht SA Debt Ahead Bloomberg
The firm is counting on asset sales in Peru to pay down debt, including its Chaglla hydroelectric project, which it sold in September to China Three Gorges for $1.4 billion. It has yet to receive the proceeds as it awaits government authorization from Peru. As of June last year -- the latest available data -- Odebrecht had a total debt of 95 billion reais.
Banco Bradesco SA and Itau Unibanco Holding SA are negotiating a 2.5 billion real loan with Odebrecht but want seniority in payments over other loans, one of the people said. For that to happen other creditors such as Banco do Brasil SA and development bank BNDES would need to waive their priority, the people said, adding that discussions with the company continue.
Bradesco and Banco do Brasil declined to comment. BNDES and Itau didn't reply to emails seeking comment.
On Tuesday, the company said in an emailed statement that talks for a deal to support its builder unit are "in an advanced stage." Once completed, the transaction would allow it to "comply with its existing payment obligations under the unsecured notes due 2018 and 2025, before the end of the applicable 30-day grace period."
Should the company fail to pay and be declared in default, a group of bondholders with more than 25 percent of the total bonds guaranteed by Odebrecht Engenharia e Construcao SA could then ask for an early payment of all of that outstanding debt, a person involved in debt talks said.
— With assistance by Paula Sambo
1:43 CMS School Board comments on recent ICE raids Pause
1:28 Fear among Charlotte's immigrants
0:55 PETA says go vegan for your valentine
2:43 Tax reassessment: A boon for Trump National Golf Club and a loss for North Carolina county
1:04 Statesville Avenue developments
2:13 What does U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement do?
14:47 Family looks for answers after Josue Diaz fatal shooting
2:29 UNC student mocks Duke's Grayson Allen in trippy parody video
1:30 Super Bowl 51: Players to Watch
FORT WAYNE, Ind. (WANE) — A Winona Lake woman who caused a fatal crash along U.S. 30 near Goshen Road in September will avoid prison time thanks to a plea deal she struck with prosecutors.
Stacey R. Motz-Altman, 38, pleaded guilty but mentally ill Wednesday in Allen Superior Court to felony charges of Reckless Homicide and Criminal Recklessness committed with a Deadly Weapon related to the Sept. 8 crash along the eastbound lanes of U.S. 30 near the Goshen Road interchange that killed 54-year-old Luann Simon. The plea deal calls for Motz-Altman to serve 8 1/2 years on active adult probation, with the first year on home detention with electronic monitoring.
Police and medics were called after 11 p.m. that September night to the eastbound lanes of U.S. 30 on a report of a crash. There, police found a black 2015 Infiniti Q50 sedan and 2012 Chevrolet Impala badly wrecked.
According to a probable cause affidavit, Motz-Altman had been speeding her Infiniti 142 mph when she rear-ended Simon's Impala. The posted speed limit was 50 mph, the affidavit said.
The impact shoved the Impala into the rear of a semi tractor-trailer, and investigators said it may have been dragged underneath the semi's trailer for several hundred feet before coming to a stop. Simon was left pinned inside her vehicle. She was pulled from the wreckage by Fort Wayne firefighters and taken to a hospital in critical condition where she would later die.
Motz-Altman had no drugs or alcohol in her system at the time of the crash, the affidavit said. She told an officer she'd been ill with food poisoning and was driving to Fort Wayne to get something to eat, the affidavit said.
Motz-Altman said the Impala had slowed down in front of her vehicle, which caused the crash, according to the affidavit.
In court Wednesday, Motz-Altman said, “I recklessly killed another human being.” Motz-Altman told the court she suffers from schizophrenia, bipolar disorder and post-traumatic stress disorder. She said she sees a doctor and takes medication for the conditions.
Her attorney added that she was suffering from a severe mental illness at the time of the crash.
More than a dozen people were in the courtroom on behalf of Simon.
Motz-Altman will be sentenced July 31. A judge must accept the plea agreement.
Most of the Orleans Country high school sports teams wrapped up their regular seasons late last week.
To find out how they did, see the Express on 5-29-18.
Entertainment of Monday, 2 January 2017
Source: counseloradofoli.com
2017-01-02
Counselor Adofoli
One of the big question single men ask is, “How do I know she is the right woman God has for me, since he who finds the right woman obtains favour from God?” This means there are some women who are definitely not right for you. One of such women is the one who forces you to have premarital sex with them.
No matter how beautiful they are, how hardworking they are, or the role they play in church,if they have to force you to bed or put pressure on you for sex, then she is not the kind of woman who will be a blessing to your life.
Blessings come from God not men. God hates sin, premarital sex is a sin before God, so this is a clear sign she is not the right woman for you and you need to let her go.
Many men have had encounters with such ladies who claimed they needed to see if the man was good in bed before they say “I do”. This should also tell you the lady is exposed to sex, she has had it from different men and trying to satisfy this lady can cost you.
If you agree to marry her, it could mean that anytime she doesn't get the satisfaction she needs from you as a husband, she will quickly go through her list of ex-sex partners and see who is available to give her that happiness.
Again, if she is marrying you because you are good in bed, be reminded she is married to your penis and not your heart. Such a woman is not in love with your heart. She just likes you for the sex and will use you. You get disrespected anytime her sexual needs are not fulfilled.
I believe every man wants a good woman for a wife, then he must first be a good man. Live by example. Stand for what is right from the start. Say NO to her demands, by so doing you get favour from God.
Always remember being a husband means you are the head of your home, you are supposed to lead her and not to make her fail. You are supposed to correct her and not to corrupt her. Leading her to God does not require you to sin, but to help her say no to sin. So there is no way you should fall for that.
When it comes to choosing a life partner, please choose someone who is good for your life. Your life is not your own, it belongs to God; in another words, choose a partner who is good for God. Not someone who is good for your parents; not someone who is good for your pocket or bank account; not someone who is good for your image or brand. Choose someone who is going to make your life fulfilling, someone who is a helper and will help you accomplish your task in this life, your life partner;someone who can only be separated from you by death and not sex.
In conclusion “The lips of a seductive woman are oh so sweet, her soft words are oh so smooth. But it won't be long before she's gravel in your mouth, a pain in your gut, a wound in your heart. She's dancing down the primrose path to Death; she's headed straight for Hell and taking you with her. She hasn't a clue about Real Life, about who she is or where she's going” – Proverbs 5:3-6 (MSG).
Written by Counselor Adofoli
Please share with your friends, someone out there needs this.
For feedback, counseling, speaking engagement, to sponsor, partner or join our family, call or WhatsApp +233 20 677 4279.
LIKE MY PAGE: www.facebook.com/counseloradofoli
VISIT MY WEBSITE for more inspiring messages, counseloradofoli.com
Thank you for reading. This has been your Counselor and Motivator.
Naeem Khan has possibly outdone himself with the Naeem Khan fall/winter 2017-18 ready-to-wear collection that took the breath away of those who were watching the show in New York City today.
After teasing us with details from the dresses dubbed as either “Rockstar Chic” or “Seductive Glamour” on Instagram, and after unveiling pictures from Louboutin boots meant to be worn during his next fall 2017 show, Naeem Khan finally unveiled one of the most imposing collections ever, with glamour and elegance being just a small part of the proposals' main sources of inspiration.
The 39-look Naeem Khan fall/winter 2017-18 rtw collection was a mixture of ethnicity, urbanity, sophistication and empowering warrior/goddess-like notes all together, with the latter finding their biggest realization in the line-up's grand finale.
Compared to the other collections unveiled during this ending New York Fashion Week, Naeem Khan's autumnal take on fashion was equally variegated and colorful, with different styles and shades being presented onstage. Like, just to name a few, Bagdley Mischka's and Oscar de la Renta's collections, Naeem Khan also decided to include metallic refinements in his collection, opting for color-blocking motifs, as well as rich blue and red hues.
In a similar way, Naeem Khan also opted for versatile staples that could be worn almost any time (it is always Naeem Khan, after all), with the more casual ones mixing wearable figures with one-of-a-kind patchworks of completely different patterns. What makes this collection different when compared to the others, however, is how uniquely Naeem Khan managed to translate his seasonal keywords, namely elegance, glamour, rock and empowerment to fashion, often trespassing on the fine line between haute couture and ready-to-wear.
While for the Naeem Khan fall/winter 2017-18 ready-to-wear line-up's “more wearable” section the fashion designer focused on cheetah prints, roomy, slightly athleisure-inspired staples and jumpsuits, for the collection's most pompous part, Naeem Khan opted for the most statuesque figures one could ever possibly think of, often refining the proposals either with long trails and capes, or structurally layered cuts. Between both parts, Naeem Khan had fun mixing such different motifs together, creating a line within the line that could be regarded neither as ready-to-wear, nor as haute couture.
Here garish colors were used to decorate intricate, abstract patterns, sequined embroideries and curve-hugging figures, with some crop tops also reminding us of a hybrid between high fashion and loungewear.
Last but not least, it is also worth mentioning not only how astoundingly he managed to embellish most of his elegant staples with loads of feathery details that, somehow, didn't even seem like feathers, but also how effortlessly he added statement jewelry to almost all of his looks. While most of his colleagues have so far eschewed the jewelry pieces, even Alexander Wang, Khan wasn't afraid to add opulent extra factors to an already richly eclectic collection.
Photos courtesy of Zimbio
Hello Folks,
Well, we have been gettin' some afternoon showers and that's been helpin' out the lakes in our area. I noticed the ponds and the retention ponds gettin' plenty of water, too.
All the rain has got the water flowin' into the St. Johns River via the feeder creeks. You will find the bass hangin' around those areas bustin' on the bait-fish. If you get on the water real early, fish those types of areas for some early-mornin' action. Look for movin' water in all the lakes like West Lake Toho where the water will be feedin' into each lake or an area like Shingle Creek. Water flowin' into the lake is usually a good spot to try and catch some bass.
The bass fishin' has been a little slow in John's Lake. You can still catch some bass but you need to get on water real early. Rick was out there last week and caught five bass up to 3 lbs. each. Most of the bass were caught on slow-sinkin' Senko-type baits. Watermelon with red glitter has been workin' the best.
The bass fishin' on the Butler Chain has been a little slow, but a few basses can be caught on shiners and trick worms. Paul Solomon, who is a guide on the chain, was out last week and caught 10 to 12 bass on Trick Worms. The best color to use has been watermelon red glitter. You need to fish real slowly durin' this time of the year. Let that worm soak a little. We call that dead stickin', which means your worm lays there for a while.
If you want to catch some panfish, get some red worms and crickets, and head out to your favorite fishin' hole to go fishin'. You need to fish open water and drift the lake until you get on ‘em. Once you find ‘em, keep driftin' over the beds or the area where you caught ‘em.
Folks, I wanted to take a moment if I may and recognize some fishermen we have lost in the past 10 days. Please keep their families in your thoughts and prayers. First was my good friend Wayne Swindle. We lost Wayne last week on July 27. Wayne was at a friend's house doing some paintin'. I would talk to Wayne every week on my way home from work. He was a great fisherman, husband, and father who will be missed by a lot of folks in our area. Wayne had a passion for fishin'. At his memorial service, it was said that Wayne was either fishin', gettin' ready to go fishin', or watchin' fishin' on TV. We will miss you, Pro Wayne.
We all lost another good friend by the name of Joe Kremer. He grew up in the Bear Lake area. Joe was a great fisherman on the BFL Gator Division tournament trail. He was well respected in the fishin' community and loved by all that knew him. Joe was a good husband, father, and grandfather. Joe fought the good fight against cancer for two years before goin' home on July 29.
We also lost a good friend in our community of Apopka. Sonny Millikan was the owner of Millikan Battery here in Apopka. Sonny was always available to help you out with a battery or tell ya a good story. Sonny loved to fish, and I had the pleasure to fish with him when he belonged to the Apopka Bass Club. Sonny also loved to fish over at Homosassa on the Gulf Coast. He was an avid fisherman, and a great friend to all who knew him. He will be missed by all of us here in Apopka. Sonny passed on August 3 while at the beach with his family. Please keep all these families in your thoughts and prayers in the days to come.
See ya next week.
Tip of the week: Take the family fishin'.
Save a few and good luck!
Police on Wednesday detained a woman they say was part of the sinister duo that poisoned the playboy half-brother of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un in a Malaysian airport.
The 28-year-old alleged assassin was taken into police custody at Kuala Lumpur International Airport after she was caught on a surveillance camera affixed to a taxi stand outside a terminal, the Independent reported.
The woman was “positively identified from the CCTV footage at the airport and was alone at the time of arrest,” Malaysian police said in a statement released Wednesday. “Any further actions against suspect/suspects will be taken in accordance with the law.”
Officials have not yet released her name, but said she was who was in possessions of a Vietnamese travel document when she was busted.
Grainy images surfaced online Tuesday night, showing the middle- aged Asian woman wearing a short blue skirt and a white shirt emblazoned with the acronym “LOL” – laughing out loud, the Mirror UK reported.
She is seen standing outside the airport with her right hand resting on a purse slung across her body. The other female assassin hopped in a taxi, which drove off. She was still at large.
In a scene out of a James Bond film, the toxic spray-wielding the femme fatales targeted 45-year-old Kim Jong-nam – the globetrotting black sheep of his North Korean ruling class family — in the airport's departure hall on Monday morning.
The women – believed to be North Korean agents – unleashed the noxious fumes in the face of Jong-nam as he waited for a flight to Macau, China.
Jong-nam “felt like someone grabbed or held his face from behind,” Malaysian police official Fadzil Ahmat told Reuters. “He felt dizzy, so he asked for help at an information desk.”
He gasped to medical workers that he was “attacked with a chemical spray,” a Malaysian official told the Associated Press.
The casino-loving pudge ball – whose late father was former North Korean dictator Kim Jong-il – was rushed to nearby Putrajaya Hospital, where he was pronounced dead on arrival.
Speculation has run rampant that Jong-un was behind the hit because of his rocky relationship with Jong-nam over the years.
Jong-nam was in line to become the next totalitarian ruler of North Korea, but his star dimmed after his 2001 arrest in Tokyo for possessing a fake passport.
His father banished him from North Korea and he had lived in exile ever since.
Kim Jong-il died of natural causes in 2011, but not before he anointed Jong-un to his throne.
Jong-nam became a vocal opponent of his half-brother, telling the media that Jong-un was too young and inexperienced to run North Korea.
The 33-year-old Jong-un was reportedly infuriated – and may have been behind two botched assassinations of Jong-nam in 2010 and 2011.
Credit: Andesign101
The federal government has asked the Australian Bureau of Statistics (ABS) to carry out a survey to determine if Australians are for or against gay marriage.
Citizens will be asked to answer ‘yes or ‘no' to a simple question: “Are you in favour of the law being changed to allow same-sex couples to marry?” Some informal votes will no doubt also be recorded.
The ABS will then advise the government of the results. This all sounds very simple but unfortunately for the ABS there are some catches. One is the timeline, received on August 9, requires the agency to return the results on November 15.
Additionally, there are potential legal obstacles to get the data needed to run the survey, which the High Court will have to decide on very soon. Finally, the suggested method of running the survey is to use a postal process, which has well known limitations.
It is worth noting the direction from government does not specify the method to use, so postal is only one option. Postal elections are commonly used in Australia for local government elections.
Western Australia has non-compulsory postal elections which have an average turnout (ratio of electors who return a ballot for scrutiny to those on the roll) of 27 per cent.
The ABC's election analyst Antony Green has documented – in great detail – the type of problems the proposed postal survey may face with respect to participation.
My guess is that the proposed postal survey will only yield a participation figure of 50 per cent, at best, and will tend to exclude younger electors and anyone who is away from their enrolled address – a lot of people.
The problem with a survey which is both skewed and has low participation is that the public will rightly claim the outcome is not representative, which will be disappointing after a spend of around $122 million.
The only solution to this problem is to add internet voting to the mix of survey options and have both a postal and internet survey.
This is not a crazy thought, as NSW already has an internet voting system called iVote which could do the job and would work along-side a postal survey system. It's a system I know well because I was responsible for developing and running it during the NSW 2015 election.
I can say with some certainty that adding an internet survey to the postal vote won't have any detrimental effect on the postal component of the survey as it will simply run in parallel.
Having run this type of parallel approach before at two general elections I am confident ABS can do the same for its survey.
The process from an elector's perspective would not change if they only want to vote using the post. They will receive a postal pack which will have a paper survey, which they can choose to complete and return.
However, it will also have instructions on how to vote online. Should they not receive a postal pack they can simply go online and register to participate in the survey and receive their voting credentials via SMS, in a manner similar to how many banks approach online security.
Should an elector be found to have voted twice then one of the votes would be rejected when the returned envelopes are processed. This is the process currently used in NSW.
If iVote was implemented in conjunction with postal as suggested above it would have the effect of increasing the participation by a significant amount, potentially bringing it to a more acceptable 70+ per cent.
I believe the system could be implemented in the timeframe available using existing contract arrangements and would not add significantly to the overall cost of the survey process.
I know this would be a courageous decision for the government and ABS but isn't that what we are being told we must do – be brave and embrace the new world of digital transformation?
Ian Brightwell is a consultant and experienced CIO. Ian was CIO and Director of IT at the New South Wales (NSW) Electoral Commission in Australia. His role was responsible for the provision of all IT infrastructure and information security for the Commission and led NSW electronic voting initiative (iVote) at the 2011 and 2015 elections.
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
Central Bank of Bahrain debuts regulatory sandbox
The Central Bank of Bahrain has opened a regulatory sandbox for fintech firms worldwide to test their technology ahead of live deployment in the Kingdom.
The framework provides a virtual space for companies to test their technology, and is open to existing CBB licensees and other local and foreign firms. The testing duration is nine months, with a maximum extension of three months.
Bahrain is following in the footsteps of other regulators across the world in creating an ecosystem designed to encourage and help fintech startups get their products to market.
It follows the creation of a partnership between the Bahrain Economic Development Board (EDB) and the Singapore Fintech Consortium and asset management and advisory firm Trucial Investment Partners to develop a startup-friendly regulatory framework for the Kingdom. The initiative is intended to pave the way for increased interaction between fintech firms in the Middle East via Bahrain and those in Asean via Singapore and facilitate the entry of Singaporean Fintech companies into the Kingdom.
H.E. Khalid Al Rumaihi, chief executive of the EDB, says: “In order to grow the fintech industry, we know we need to create an ecosystem in which entrepreneurs can innovate and test their ideas - and the introduction of Sandbox regulations is one of the key steps towards ensuring that environment. Bahrain has always been an attractive proposition for fintech - particularly due to our unique offering in areas such as Islamic finance and payments, and we are looking forward to welcoming more local, regional, and international fintech firms.”
Bahrain provided greater opportunities for fintech businesses in 2014, when the CBB initiated two new license types - payment services and card processing services - marking the entry of non-banking companies into banking services. To date Bahrain has issued 14 licenses for these two activities.
Image copyright Getty Images
US President Donald Trump is set to announce a raft of measures to combat the country's opioid crisis. But what are these drugs and why are they such a problem?
What are opioids?
Opioids are a group of drugs that range from codeine, to illegal drugs like heroin.
Prescription opioids are primarily used for pain relief.
They work by attaching to opioid receptors in your brain cells to release signals that block your perception of pain and boost your feelings of pleasure.
The strongest legal treatments are usually only available by prescription from a doctor and include:
morphine
tramadol
fentanyl
methadone
diamorphine
alfentanil
What are they used for?
Opioids are generally used for moderate and severe pain relief.
They are intended to be used for a limited period of time to treat pain that does not respond to standard painkillers like aspirin, ibuprofen and paracetamol.
Examples of when the drugs are likely to be used include aiding with acute pain - such as after surgery - or for cancer patients or people at the end of life.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Donald Trump has called the opioid epidemic a "national shame"
Why are they dangerous?
While there are good reasons for taking opioids, they can be highly addictive.
The feelings of pleasure that result from taking an opioid can also make people want to continue experiencing those feelings, which can contribute to psychological dependence on the drugs.
At lower doses, opioids can make people feel sleepy, but higher doses of the drugs can slow your breathing and heart rate, which can lead to death.
Mixing any opioid painkillers with alcohol, or with other sedatives such as benzodiazepines, can also have serious consequences.
Why are they so heavily prescribed in the US?
Unlike many European countries, the US does not have universal healthcare paid for by taxes.
Instead, Americans must get their own insurance - usually via an employer or the government.
Professor Judith Feinberg from the West Virginia University School of Medicine told the BBC that opioids are easy to prescribe, and for many poor people their insurance won't pay for anything but a pill.
"Say you have a patient that's 45 years old. They have lower back pain, you examine them, they have a muscle spasm.
"Really the best thing is physical therapy, but no one will pay for that. So doctors get very ready to pull out the prescription pad."
Is this just a US problem?
President Trump called the opioid epidemic a "national shame" in October and declared it a public health emergency.
The figures in America are certainly stark.
Every year, tens of thousands of Americans die from opioid use, with figures recently showing a 30% increase in overdoses there in the last year.
The country also gets 30 times more opioid pain relief medication than it needs.
But there are fears that the problem could spread to other countries.
In the UK the NHS has been accused of fuelling an "addiction crisis" after nearly 24 million opioids were prescribed in 2017 - 10 million more than in 2007.
The UK government has ordered Public Health England to conduct a review of the scale and nature of the problem with prescription levels.
But elsewhere millions of people in other parts of the world can't get hold of the drugs.
For example, Nigeria gets just 0.2% of what it needs, India 4%, China 16% and Mexico 36%.
Diederik Lohman, from Human Rights Watch, said the tough international rhetoric on opioids has led in some countries to "opiophobia... an irrational fear around the use of these medications".
It was easy to figure out how the final day of the 2018 NCAA Men's Golf Championship was unfolding at Karsten Creek Golf Club. All you had to do was listen. When the roars started to cascade around the Tom Fazio course as the hot sticky May afternoon played out, it was clear that the hometown team, Oklahoma State, was in control in its clash with Alabama, and it wasn't going to let this championship get away.
When Matthew Wolff made a birdie on the par-3 15th to close out Davis Riley, 4 and 3, and clinch OSU's third point, the sound—and the result—was unmistakable. The Cowboys had claimed their 11th national title, ending the second-longest title drought for the vaunted program since it won its first back in 1963 and vanquishing its loss to Alabama in the 2014 NCAA final.
The cheers from the nearly 5,000 spectators in attendance drenched with joy, but contained a drop of relief, too. The fans didn't mind that the climax to a historic season in which the 2017-'18 Cowboys matched the school record with 10 team titles (in 13 starts) was missing the usual drama associated with a match-play final. They just wanted the W.
The same went for the players.
“It's a dream really,” said Wolff, the national freshman of the year, who's unusual swing has turned him into a celebrity of sorts this week. “And to do it in front of all these people, it's special.”
How dominant a victory was it for Oklahoma State? Consider that the fivesome played the jaw-dropping equivalent of 21 under par on the day en route to a 5-0 victory, just the third match play sweep in any round since 2012 and the first in the finals.
Pinterest Shane Bevel Hovland went 3-0 in match play during the 2018 NCAA Championship, including a convincing win in the finals against Alabama.
Arguably the most impressive part of Oklahoma State's performance was the way the champions stared down the pressure of the moment and never flinched. The Cowboys were ranked No. 1 entering the championship and earned the No. 1 seed after posted in the low 72-hole score in stroke play. It was an open secret (some even calling it a curse ) that no No. 1 seed had gone on to win the title since the NCAA added match play into the championship in 2009. Yet, anything less than a victory would have been considered a failure.
Adding to the pressure was the fact that other recent Cowboy squads facing similar circumstances had been unable to come through. OSU's 2009 team was ranked No. 1 but lost in the quarterfinals. OSU's 2010 team was ranked No. 1, but lost in the finals. OSU's 2011 squad had future PGA Tour pros Peter Uihlein, Morgan Hoffmann and Kevin Tway, and was hosting NCAA at Karsten Creek, but they too stumbled, losing in the semifinals to eventual winner Augusta State.
RELATED: Counting down the top 15 all-time NCAA men's match-play golfers
But this was no repeat of the 2011. To the delight of the locals, every putt the Cowboys lined up on Wednesday seemed to drop. And it wasn't just OSU coach Alan Bratton's All-Americans, sophomore Viktor Hovland (a 4-and-3 winner over Lee Hodges to up his match-play record this week to 3-0) and Wolff carrying the load. But it was the entire lineup, freshman Austin Eckroat (1-up winner over Davis Shore) and senior Kristoffer Ventura (3 and 2 over Wilson Furr) each earning a point, Eckroat going 3-0 in match play for the week.
Nobody, though, was more dominant than Zach Bauchou. The junior from Forest, Va., teeing it up in the anchor fifth match against Jonathan Hardee, played the front nine in the equivalent of seven under 29, including a hole-out for eagle from a greenside bunker on the par-5 ninth, to take a 7-up lead at the turn. Amazingly, he would be closed out the match, 8 and 7, and be the first point on the board for the Cowboys.
“The strength of my game was putting, and I kind of got it going,” Bauchou said.
And LeBron James kind of knows what it's like to play in the NBA finals.
Pinterest Shane Bevel Oklahoma State had plenty of fan support at Karsten Creek to help the team rally to win the NCAA title.
Even without hindsight, it was clear Alabama needed to get off to a hot start early to try to silence the spectators and keep OSU's golfers from feeding off the cheers. But it just didn't happen. Oklahoma State players won the first hole in three of the first four matches and 22 of the first 45 holes overall. Furr was the only Alabama player able to get in front in his match as the team could only win eight holes on the front nine. Yet they shot the equivalent of four over par, hardly a horrendous number.
“We didn't play that bad today. I know the score looks awful. They had like three guys seven and eight under,” said Alabama men's coach Jay Seawell, who is now 2-2 in the NCAA Championship matches, having lost in 2012, but won in 2013 and 2014. “You tip your cap. Our guys fought their tails off. They did it with class. I'll never forget them.
“We wish it was the other way. It hurts a little bit but they did everything we could ask from them as a coach.”
RELATED: Augusta's Broc Everett saves best for last in winning NCAA individual title
Since the start of the match-play era in 2009, Oklahoma State's record in the championship has been as frustrating as it was disappointing. Five previous times, the Cowboys have advanced out of stroke play to get into the knock-out stage of the championship, but never could be the last team standing.
Pinterest Bruce Waterfield/OSU Athletics Bratton (right) now has a NCAA title as both a player and a coach at OSU.
In this midst of this, OSU did the unthinkable, failing to actually qualify for the NCAA Championship in 2012 and ending a string of 64 appearances at the national championship. OSU athletic director Mike Holder, formerly the school's most celebrated golf coach, having won eight NCAA titles from 1973 to 2003, decided to change coaches. He replaced his successor, Mike McGraw, who coached the last OSU team to win NCAAs in 2006, and brought on one of his former players, Alan Bratton, in the summer of 2013.
Bratton is all Cowboy, a two-time first-team All-American who helped lead the program to the team title in 1995. No one is more aware of the school's celebrated history, and its unwavering expectation for excellence. To Bratton's credit, he's been able to pass down the lore to his players—OSU had finished in the top four at NCAAs 18 straight years from 1975 to 1992—in a way that is meaningful but not overwhelming. The most recent example? He had their golf bags embossed with the years of the school's NCAA titles.
“We've owed those guys a championship for a long time,” said Bratton, acknowledging OSU golfers from past title teams, several of whom were in attendance on Wednesday. “This is a special, special place, and today was about all those guys and this team. I'm just really proud of the performance. They took everything that people threw at them all year, and they got to live their dream right here.”
Pinterest Shane Bevel
RELATED: PGA Tour pros are ALL OVER college golfers for using push carts
And as for the rest of the college golf world? Well it might have been their nightmare. The squad loses only Ventura from this year's championship lineup, leaving loaded for bear come the 2018-'19 season.
“We've got four of them back,” Bratton said, “so they have more legacy to write.”
The saving grace? Next year's NCAA Championship will be played at The Blessings Golf Club in Arkansas. Going to be a lot harder to get nearly 5,000 rapid Oklahoma State fans to get there than to Karsten Creek.
WATCH: GOLF DIGEST VIDEOS
Consider the breadcrumbs dropped when it comes to Ronda Rousey heading toward her first WWE match. The anticipation is being built properly and notably away from WWE's television shows, but...
Who's hiring across County Kildare this week? Check out the Leinster Leader recruitment pages for a roundup of the best jobs in Kildare.
Kildare County Council is hiring for the position of permanent assistant chief fire officer.
A position is available for a part-time receptionist/administrator in a busy office environment in the Newbridge, Naas, Kilcullen area.
The Leinster Leader is hiring sales executives, based in Naas.
For details on all the above positions and how to apply for the roles, see this week's Leinster Leader - out now!
A man has spoken of his anger at being given a parking ticket at Ninewells Hospital — after he was admitted with suspected pneumonia.
David Paterson went into the Dundee hospital for what he thought would be a routine blood test.
However, he spent the next three days in one of the facility's wards after doctors suspected he might have pneumonia.
After his stay, he came out to find he had been fined.
The 57-year-old, from Carnoustie, is a regular patient at the hospital and revealed his plight to the Tele after concerns were raised recently about parking at the hospital.
David, who works for the health products firm Elanco, said that after weeks of trying to get the fine revoked, parking company Indigo refused his appeal.
He said: “I was ill over a weekend and had to attend Ward 22 to get a blood test, so I parked up and went in having paid my parking ticket for three hours.
“The blood results came back and I was immediately admitted and placed on a drip, as I was dehydrated with suspected pneumonia.
“I ended up in hospital for three days.
“Needless to say, I had acquired a parking ticket from Indigo.
“I appealed the ticket, offering my discharge letter as evidence of my stay in hospital, but they didn't want to know — it was disgusting.
“We ended up paying the ticket, but there's not much I could've done.
“I was in a hospital bed hooked up to a drip, so I'm not sure how I was expected to get to the car to renew the ticket on my care. So much for patient care and understanding.”
Ninewells is one of only three hospitals in Scotland where visitors have to pay for parking.
Private firm Indigo has a contract to enforce parking charges at the hospital until 2028.
David has had a range of health problems related to diabetes and went through a kidney-pancreas transplant last year.
As a result, he requires regular dialysis.
David added: “I think there should be more understanding. The last place I wanted to be was in hospital as a patient. In that position, there needs to be more compassion. I was told by Indigo I hadn't appealed in time, but I had some serious health issues, so it wasn't really my main concern at that time.”
An NHS Tayside spokeswoman said the car parks at Ninewells Hospital are operated and monitored by Indigo.
Indigo could not be reached for comment despite repeated attempts by the Tele.
CENTERVILLE — The Xenia Scouts 10U baseball team played in the Centerville Memorial Bash Tournament and came away as the tournament winners, May 27.
The Scouts played well in the smoldering heat and humidity to win the tournament over host Centerville Gold by a score of 8-6.
Trevor Moore was the winning pitcher with a strong five innings of work, with Jake Mays coming on in relief to seal the win.
The team is a part of the Xenia Scouts Youth Baseball program, which competes and practices at Grady's Field on the Athletes In Action Sports Complex grounds.
In partnership with AIA Baseball and the Xenia Scouts' Great Lakes Summer Collegiate League college baseball team, the youth program competes in, and hosts, several tournaments throughout the summer baseball season.
Members of the Xenia Scouts 10U youth baseball team pose with their first-place trophies. (L-R front row) Xavier Hargrave, Cameron Salyers, Drew Smith, Jake Mays, Adriel Angel. (Second row) David Cancino, Trevor Moore, Braedon Gill, Aaden Hilderbrand, Matthew Kingsolver. Coach L – R. Jacob Kingsolver, Pete Angel. Not pictured is Coach Brandon Salyers. https://www.fairborndailyherald.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/50/2018/05/web1_XeniaScouts10U_PS.jpg Members of the Xenia Scouts 10U youth baseball team pose with their first-place trophies. (L-R front row) Xavier Hargrave, Cameron Salyers, Drew Smith, Jake Mays, Adriel Angel. (Second row) David Cancino, Trevor Moore, Braedon Gill, Aaden Hilderbrand, Matthew Kingsolver. Coach L – R. Jacob Kingsolver, Pete Angel. Not pictured is Coach Brandon Salyers.
For more information about the Xenia Scouts youth baseball program, call 937-352-1000 or send an email to baseball@athletesinaction.org.
For more information about the Xenia Scouts youth baseball program, call 937-352-1000 or send an email to baseball@athletesinaction.org.
Three Missouri teens — including 17-year-olds Jared Pinkley, left, and Nathan Meurer, right — were arrested after Wentzville police say they lured a man into woods and robbed him, hoping to make him confess to raping one of the teens. Wentzville Police Department
KANSAS CITY, Mo. – A different way of treating patients with Type 2 Diabetes takes away the insulin and, according to one KC cardiologist, it also takes away much of the threat of heart problems for patients.
James O'Keefe said as a cardiologist, it's sometimes frustrating to see the struggles his patients with Type 2 Diabetes go through.
“People like Bernie, with Type 2 Diabetes — seven out of 10 of them will die from cardiovascular disease,” O'Keefe said.
O'Keefe said insulin, the typical way of treating diabetes, is a life-saving medicine, especially for those with Type 1 Diabetes. However, it can create problems for people with Type 2 Diabetes.
“Insulin for a diabetic, for a Type 2 Diabetic, is like pouring gasoline on a fire,” he said. “It causes weight gain around the middle. It causes blood pressure to go up. They hang onto fluid. It makes it impossible to lose weight, and it probably increases cardiovascular risk.”
O'Keefe said other treatments are proven to help diabetics with their diabetes and cardiovascular issues. They're called SGLT2 Inhibitors and GLP-1 agonist treatments, and O'Keefe said they're life-changers for patients.
“They lose weight. They feel better, and in the long run, the important thing is, this saves lives,” O'Keefe said.
The KC cardiologist said they keep a patient in better cardiac condition. Bernie Ray said the new medication helped him.
“Well, the weight loss is the first thing you notice. It's almost like magic or something in my case anyway,” Ray said.
He lost 30 pounds and said his energy levels also went way up compared to how he felt on insulin. Now he can vacuum the whole house without stopping. It may not sound like much, but he used to have to take a break.
“My wife is really kind of impressed with the work, some of the things I do,” Ray said.
But the greatest comfort for him knows his heart is better off now than it was before.
“My father died with heart problems, and my mother and both of my brothers died, so that gives you concern right there,” he said.
O'Keefe warns that these alternative treatments aren't for everyone; the change has to be closely monitored by a doctor, and the treatments can be pricey.
“They are expensive, so these are new therapies that are expensive,” O'Keefe said.
Ray said the new treatment was actually cheaper than his insulin treatment, and for him, the peace of mind and better quality of life is worth the uncertainty of changing his medicine.
Again, make sure to work with your doctor to find out if these new treatments are suitable for you.
Gucci Mane's fiancée on keeping love alive through scandal and jail time Keyshia Ka'oir didn't expect to fall for rapper Gucci Mane. She didn't even expect to work with him. But more than seven years after meeting on the set of Mane's...
'Tales' creator flips the script on race in provocative series Irv Gotti says he wants to “shake s- -t the f- -k up” with his new BET anthology series, “Tales.” And Gotti, who created and produces the series, did just that in...
Rumors of BET's CEO's fate resurface after awards show “Tons of people from Viacom were saying that her days are numbered,” an insider told us.
DJ: I flashed a gun at Master P to send a message If you want to clean up the music industry when it comes to payola, it helps to be armed, says veteran DJ Paul Porter.
Irv Gotti: I 'twisted the world around' with new project Gotti directed a two-hour movie inspired by the 1988 NWA hit “F - - k tha Police” that will air on BET.
Rumors swirl as Viacom plans huge BET shake-up Insiders speculate that longtime CEO Debra Lee may be on her way out the door.
Former BET head accuses ex-exec of discrimination “The Company fosters a good old boys' club atmosphere and mentality that are hostile to women and their advancement," read the complaint.
Manchester City boss Pep Guardiola has acknowledged that he is not used to trailing other teams in the table, but refuses to throw in the towel just yet.
City have fallen down to fifth and 10 points behind Chelsea in the race for the Premier League title following their 1-0 defeat at the hands of Liverpool on Saturday.
However, Guardiola remains positive and is ready to take on the challenge.
"Normally I was at the top in Barcelona and Bayern Munich, a lot of times. But, OK, this is a new chapter in my career as manager and I am willing to try [and handle it] with these guys," Guardiola said ahead of Monday's match with Burnley.
"But the question is will we be able to take it to the gap to Chelsea.
"Now what we have to do is believe in the next game, not put a lot of stress into, 'if we don't win the Premier League, it's going to be not a good season'.
"No, that situation we're going to analyse what happened at the end of the season. Now we just focus on the next game."
4 - Manchester City have kept just four clean sheets in their 19 Premier League games under Pep Guardiola. Porous. — OptaJoe (@OptaJoe) December 31, 2016
Kevin De Bruyne was one of the players who failed to impress in Saturday's loss versus Liverpool, but Guardiola has dismissed suggestions the Belgium international is tired following his Euro 2016 participation.
"Until now Kevin has played amazing, the last game in Hull [City] for example, and I don't think it was that he is tired," Guardiola added.
"Right now he's tired because we played three or four days ago [last Monday] and we play [this Monday] so that is normal, but I think when you see against Arsenal he was not far away, in how he arrived and how he created. I don't think he's tired.
"Always when we lose we are complaining that they are tired. Physical, I think that is the last problem."
CHARLOTTE, N.C. — After little went according to plan in the opening weekend of the NCAA Tournament, the bracket has a wildly different look for the Sweet 16 than many expected.
Out: Two 1-seeds (Virginia and Xavier) and a pair of 2-seeds (North Carolina and Cincinnati).
In: Two No. 11 seeds (Syracuse and Loyola-Chicago).
There are only seven of the top 16 seeds still alive for the regional rounds
The Cavaliers' historic loss to 16-seed UMBC took out the top overall seed and thrust Villanova into the role of favourite, while preseason No. 1 Duke was dominant in its two tournament wins.
Despite all the bracket turmoil, the power conferences managed to get 12 teams into the Sweet 16, with four coming from both the Atlantic Coast Conference and the Big 12.
Here's a look at the updated Final Four paths for the top remaining seeds:
——
EAST
This is the region that came closest to following the script.
Four of the top five seeds survived: No. 1 Villanova, No. 2 Purdue, No. 3 Texas Tech and No. 5 West Virginia. And the Wildcats (32-4) will have the shortest travel (about 315 miles) by heading to Boston as they pursue a second national title in three seasons.
“My good vibes are coming from how this team's playing, how unselfishly they play,” Villanova coach Jay Wright said after Saturday's win against Alabama .
“Honestly, we don't care where we play. Boston is a great town, old Big East town like Pittsburgh. We stir up old Big East feelings. We like that.”
Villanova meets the Mountaineers (26-10) in one semifinal Friday, while the Boilermakers (30-6) face the Red Raiders (26-9) in the other.
One storyline to watch: the status of 7-foot-2 Purdue centre Isaac Haas, who broke his elbow in the first-round win against Cal State Fullerton. Haas warmed up before Sunday's win against Butler but an official said shortly before tipoff that the big man's brace hadn't been approved for competition.
——
MIDWEST
Consider this one an ACC Invitational.
Three of the four teams to advance to Omaha, Nebraska, are from the ACC: No. 2 Duke, No. 5 Clemson and No. 11 Syracuse. They'll join top-seeded Kansas , with regional semifinals set for Friday.
The Jayhawks (29-7) are trying to return to the Final Four for the first time since 2012 after two straight regional-final losses. They'll face the Tigers (25-9), who are in their first NCAA Tournament since 2011 and their first Sweet 16 since 1997.
The Blue Devils (28-7) meet the Orange (23-13), who took out third-seeded Michigan State on Sunday.
Duke and Syracuse met in Cameron Indoor Stadium on Feb. 24, with the Blue Devils holding the Orange to 32 per cent shooting in a 60-44 win . The rematch will mark the second NCAA Tournament matchup between Hall of Famers Mike Krzyzewski and Jim Boeheim, with Coach K's Blue Devils winning one in the Sweet 16 in 1998.
——
WEST
Things were set to go to form Sunday, only to see top-seeded Xavier and No. 2 North Carolina lose. Now Big Ten champion Michigan headlines the quartet in Los Angeles.
The third-seeded Wolverines (30-7) — who beat Houston on a last-second 3-pointer — will meet seventh-seeded Texas A&M (22-12) after the Aggies blew out the reigning champion Tar Heels in their home state.
Fourth-seeded Gonzaga (32-4) will face ninth-seeded Florida State (22-11) after the Seminoles' upset of the Musketeers .
“I think what you see happening in college basketball, it's almost like a revolution,” FSU coach Leonard Hamilton said. “And what happens is you start categorizing people by the reputation that their players get going into college.
“But in reality, kids are playing basketball all over the country and teams are getting better.”
——
SOUTH
This is where there was the most March Madness.
None of the top-four seeds advanced, the first time in tournament history that has happened in a region. So the games in Atlanta will now be headlined by 5-seed Kentucky (26-10).
The Wildcats (26-10) followed their run to the Southeastern Conference Tournament title by surviving an upset bid from Davidson then beating Buffalo — which had upset fourth-seeded Arizona . They'll face another set of Wildcats on Thursday in ninth-seeded Kansas State (24-11), which ended UMBC's historic weekend in Charlotte.
The other game features 7-seed Nevada (29-7), which tied the tournament's second-biggest comeback by rallying from 22 down to beat No. 2 seed Cincinnati. The Wolf Pack faces No. 11 seed Loyola-Chicago (30-5), which advanced against No. 6 seed Miami and No. 3 seed Tennessee on final-seconds shots.
“We told the guys before, look at today alone: Michigan State, North Carolina, basically at home losing today,” Kansas State coach Bruce Weber said.
“It's what makes March Madness special and it kills the coaches because it's so hard and you think you have a great team. Matchups are important. Making the plays, having the right mojo at the right time.”
——
More AP college basketball: https://collegebasketball.ap.org ; https://twitter.com/AP–Top25 and https://www.podcastone.com/ap-sports-special-events
——
Follow Aaron Beard on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/aaronbeardap
Netflix expects to pass a milestone this weekend when it signs up its 100 millionth subscriber, the company said on Monday. But its users have already accomplished something even more incredible — they have watched 500 million hours worth of Adam Sandler movies.
About 98 million people are currently members of Netflix. What do those people do? Statistically speaking, it's very likely that one thing they do is watch Adam Sandler.
Since the release of Sandler's The Ridiculous 6 in 2015 — the first of an exclusive four-movie deal the star signed with Netflix — the company's subscribers have watched a collective half a billion hours of Adam Sandler, Netflix CEO Reed Hastings said in an investor letter on Monday.
The 50-year-old actor has appeared in more than 50 films and is popular for his low-brow comedy, which a New York Times critic said "will make your children stupid."
But people love it. After The Ridiculous 6 was launched on Netflix, it was viewed more in its first 30 days than any other film on the service. Last month, Netlix said Sandler had signed up to do another four films, meaning he will make eight Netflix exclusives in total.
Sandler's recent movies may be garbage — The Ridiculous 6 has a 0% rating on Rotten Tomatoes and Variety said the film is "so lazy and aimless, it barely qualifies as parody" — but people watch them at an industrial scale.
So how much Adam Sandler is 500 million hours the equivalent of?
JACKSON, Wyo. — Except for holidays like Easter Sunday and Christmas Eve the Chapel of the Transfiguration doesn't see many people from October through May.
But that doesn't mean it's unoccupied.
Signs of winter squatters were all around as St. John's Episcopal Church parishioners prepped the chapel for summer services.
Signs like a chewed-up candle discovered by members of the Altar Guild as they made sure everything in the sacristy was ready for services.
“Every season we've got to clean up from the critters,” said Annie Sampson, who leads the Altar Guild with Anna Mae Kass.
As the Rev. Jimmy Bartz swept the altar he caught more than cobwebs.
“Flies and mouse poop,” said Bartz, rector of St. John's. “Maybe a little bat poop as well.”
And Rob Kass knocked some straw-like material to the floor as he worked a log wall over with a broom.
“Looks like nest material of some sort,” he said.
Coming out to Grand Teton National Park for the chapel's spring cleaning is a spring ritual for many, like Herb Brooks, who estimated that he and his wife, Amy, had taken part on and off for 25 years.
“We're helping the church,” he said. “It's just something that we do.”
Saturday's participants ranged in age from seniors like Dr. William Ramsay to kids like Jack Tobiason, 9, and his brother, James, who gave his age as “a medium 5.”
“I love the chapel,” George LeFebre said as he raked dead grass at a moment when rain wasn't coming down.
“We're here every Sunday during the summer,” he said of him and his wife, Valerie.
Karen Smith came with son Greyson, 11.
“It's great fellowship with all the others,” she said. “It's a job we've got to get ‘er done.”
Smith loves attending services in the summer with the chapel windows open, the sun streaming in and the sound of birds chirping.
“To me that's church,” she said. “That's the real thing.”
And, she said, the parishioners are honoured to care for the popular chapel, which was built in 1925 to serve dude ranchers and tourists. It sees around 200 people between the two services on summer Sunday mornings, plus the many others who stop by at other times just to visit and take photographs.
“So many people come here,” Smith said. “We have a lot of pride in it.”
On a recent Saturday some of the men wrestled the awning in place over the deck on the north side of the chapel and then arranged benches — the outdoor pews — in rows. The deck accommodates overflow when the chapel fills. But services are often so crowded that another deck is being built on the other side to seat 25 more people.
The Rev. Brian Nystrom, associate priest, and Tim Schwarz, the sexton at St. John's, tested the stained-glass windows that open out over where the new deck will be.
“All the hardware needs to be tightened up,” Schwarz said. “We'll put in some hinges and tighten everything up.”
The brides' cabin, a smaller, newer building that serves as a changing room for wedding parties, got some attention, too. Amy Brooks and Chelcie Jonke swept and wiped, discovering more critter debris in the process.
“That's the insulation that the bats chew,” Brooks said of the bits of blue material in the dust.
With the sweeping done in the chapel, Bartz sprayed the walls with a mixture of Dawn dishwashing liquid, water and baking soda. The concoction was recommended by architectural conservator Harrison Goodall, the log cabin guru who advises the church on upkeep of the chapel.
The mixture is environmentally friendly, said Will Davenport, chairman of the church's Building and Grounds Committee, and it's a change from the past, when linseed oil was used.
“He doesn't believe in sealing up the wood,” Davenport said of Goodall. “Moisture gets in and it can't get out, and it creates rot.”
After Bartz sprayed the log walls, others wiped them down with sponges and rags.
“This place is glowing,” the reverend said as he contemplated the results.
Coming out each spring to spruce up the chapel is like a “wonderful sacred or semi-sacred experience,” he said. “It's a little more sacred when the sun is out.”
The chapel creates memories for many residents and visitors to Grand Teton National Park.
“This is a special place,” Bartz said, “and not just for the people of St. John's.”
——
Information from: Jackson Hole (Wyo.) News And Guide, http://www.jhnewsandguide.com
Ontario Finance Minister Charles Sousa seems like a pleasant person, but he reminds us of a used car salesman whenever he's selling his upcoming budget.
One who doesn't want you looking under the hood too closely while he's making his sales pitch.
On Thursday, Sousa boasted to The Empire Club in Toronto that his fifth budget on April 27 will demonstrate that, "Ontario is the leanest government with the lowest per-capita spending of any province."
Um, that's been true for Ontario governments going back decades.
Since Ontario has the largest population of any province, it also has the advantage of economies of scale when delivering public services.
The Bill Davis Progressive Conservative government, for example, made exactly the same boast in 1981-82 that Sousa made Thursday.
When the Liberals are in power, they always boast about delivering services at the lowest per-capita cost of any province.
When they're out of power, they always blame the party in power for not spending enough on government services. (In fairness, all parties do it.)
What Sousa didn't say is that the Liberals have more than doubled Ontario's debt to more than $300 billion since coming to power in 2003, which has made Ontario the most indebted sub-sovereign (non-national) borrower in the world.
He didn't say the auditor general and Ontario's Financial Accountability Office have warned the Liberals that they have plunged the province into precarious levels of debt.
Sousa claimed the Liberal scheme to borrow even more money from Ontario taxpayers to subsidize the electricity bills of hydro ratepayers -- even though they're the same people -- is "fairer because it doesn't ask today's generation alone to pay the entire freight."
That argument turns generations of fiscally prudent thinking -- that you don't stick future generations with huge bills to pay for today's services -- on its head.
Finally, Sousa repeated, for the umpteenth time, that this year's budget will be balanced, later adding along with "next year and the year after that."
Two problems. First, Sousa's promising to balance a budget that won't come down until after the next Ontario election in 2018.
Second, in 2003, then Liberal leader Dalton McGuinty promised before the election not to raise our taxes.
And we all remember what happened after he won.
There's just no stopping Maroon 5.
The band, led by multimedia star Adam Levine, has been a hit-making juggernaut since the release of the quintuple-platinum debut “Songs About Jane” in 2002.
Maroon 5's latest album is “Red Pill Blues,” which has already delivered four big hits — “Don't Wanna Know,” “Cold,” “What Lovers Do” and “Wait.”
In other words, there should be no shortage of familiar songs on the set list when Levine and company perform June 1 at Oracle Arena in Oakland.
Get more of our music coverage on Flipboard.
Sign up for our Coffee Break newsletter here.
Also on the bill is Julia Michaels, the Southern California native who first gained attention by penning songs for Demi Lovato, Fifth Harmony and other superstar acts.
Related Articles Ian Anderson on Jethro Tull's 50th year: Let's skip the ‘mawkish sentimentality'
Clusterfest 2018: Don't miss these 5 rising comedy stars
Top concerts: Tower of Power celebrates 50th anniversary in Oakland
What's it like to be a VIP at the BottleRock Napa Valley festival?
BottleRock Napa: Watch this incredible Bruce Springsteen cover Her own singing career then took flight in 2017 with the release of the debut single “Issues,” which broke into the Top 20 on its way to going triple-platinum.
Michaels was nominated in two of the big “general field” categories — the best new artist and song of the year (for “Issues”) — at the 2018 Grammy Awards.
Details: 8 p.m.; $49.50-$149.50, www.ticketmaster.com.
President Donald Trump complimented Kim Jong-un as “very honorable” so far and said he hopes to hold his summit with the North Korean leader “very soon.”
The praise for the North Korean leader is a dramatic shift for the U.S., which has long condemned the Kim family dynasty for brutality and deceit. Trump himself last year derided Kim as “Little Rocket Man” and said it is “hard to believe his people, and the military, put up with living in such horrible conditions.”
"We're having very good discussions,” Trump told reporters at the White House Tuesday during a meeting with visiting French President Emmanuel Macron. “Kim Jong-un -- he really has been very open and I think very honorable from everything we're seeing.”
An annual human rights report released last week by Trump's State Department cited North Korea for “egregious human rights violations” including “extrajudicial killings; disappearances; arbitrary arrests and detentions; torture; political prison camps in which conditions were often harsh, life-threatening, and included forced and compulsory labor.”
Trump expressed optimism about the potential for a breakthrough on North Korea's nuclear weapons program when he and Kim meet.
“I think we have a chance of doing something very special with respect to North Korea -- good for them, good for us, good for everybody,” Trump added.
But, he said, if Kim doesn't agree to something “fair and reasonable and good, I will, unlike past administrations, I will leave the table.”
Trump said in preparations for the summit the U.S. has “been told directly that they would like to have the meeting as soon as possible."
Trump last week applauded as “big progress” a pledge by Kim to halt nuclear testing, a largely symbolic gesture that appeared aimed at softening the ground for the talks.
Kim told a ruling party meeting in Pyongyang on Friday his regime would suspend tests of atomic bombs and intercontinental ballistic missiles after achieving its goal of building a nuclear arsenal, the official Korean Central News Agency reported. North Korea will shutter its Punggye-ri test site, a secluded mountain facility believed to be damaged after a hydrogen bomb test in September.
While the moves mostly affirmed the status quo -- North Korea hasn't conducted a major weapons test in almost five months -- Kim's remarks to a domestic audience could signal flexibility in upcoming talks with the U.S. and South Korea.
Kim plans to meet South Korean President Moon Jae-inon April 27 at a border village, a prelude to the planned summit with Trump, expected in May or June.
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) - The University of Louisville has placed two men's basketball coaches on paid administrative leave.
The leave for associate head men's basketball coach Kenny Johnson and assistant men's basketball coach Jordan Fair was effective immediately.
PREVIOUS STORIES: UofL Basketball Bribery Scandal
"We are in the process of executing our due diligence as it relates to an ongoing investigation and feel that this an appropriate step at this time," said Vince Tyra, the Acting Director of Athletics. "Our university will continue to fully cooperate with federal authorities in their investigation."
Men's head basketball coach Rick Pitino and Director of Athletics Rick Pitino were placed on administrative leave September 27 by Dr. Gregory Postel, the University's interim president.
Copyright 2017 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
FAIRBORN — He's a country music hall of famer who really needs no introduction.
But prior to taking the stage at the Ervin J. Nutter Center March 16, Alan Jackson received one humdinger of a howdy as a video rattled off his long list of awards and paid tribute to his legacy and longevity.
And then the 59-year-old stayed true to his roots as the opener, a chorus-only version of “Gone Country” suggests. In a day and age when many country stars are tempted to crossover into the pop genre, Jackson has stayed country and was at his honkytonk best. Wearing his trademark cowboy hat and boots, the two-time Grammy Award winner — who will be inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame in June — ran through some of his top toe-tapping tunes including “Livin' on Love,” “Chattahoochee,” “Little Bitty,” and “Don't Rock the Jukebox,” albeit it was a shortened version of the latter.
Jackson appeared to labor a tad as he walked around the stage throughout the nearly two-hour performance, but his voice was in fine shape as he belted out hits like “Remember When,” “Drive (For Daddy Gene),” and Hank Williams Jr., cover “The Blues Man.”
During what's become a seemingly obligatory sit-down portion of concerts, Jackson ran through 90-second versions of early hits “Here in the Real World” and “Chasin' That Neon Rainbow” along with a full version of new song “The Older I Get.” He even showed he can ad lib, playing his cover of the Nat Stuckey-penned “Pop a Top” in full (Jim Ed Brown had the first hit with it in 1967). He closed the seated song session with another cover, Zac Brown's “As She's Walking Away.”
Jackson also drew some “USA, USA” chants after a flawless and stirring rendition of Sept. 11, 2001 response “Where Where You (When the World Stopped Turning).” Most in the sellout crowd showed their appreciation by turning on cell phone flashlights and holding them up (nobody carries lighters any more apparently). At the end, the video screen that had been showing videos of songs as he played them showed an iconic photo of first responders with an American flag at Ground Zero.
Earlier in the night, Jackson explained that because he had so many songs to play, he had to condense some of them. Interestingly enough, he chose another cover for his encore, “Mercury Blues,” penned by K.C. Douglas and Robert Geddins.
Female trio Runaway June opened the show with ear-pleasing harmonies that are a blend of different styles and backgrounds. The three have created a sound that's been missing from country music for more than a decade and are quickly making a name for themselves. They featured hits “Lipstick” — the first by a female trio in over a decade to go top 30 — and “Wild West,” along with some other original material, and a few covers.
Featuring lead singer/guitarist Naomi Cooke, singer/guitarist Jennifer Wayne — granddaughter of legendary actor John Wayne — and singer/mandolin picker Hannah Mulholland, Runaway June is up for new vocal duo or group of the year at the 53rd Academy of Country Music Awards, to be held Sunday, April 15 in Las Vegas.
Cooke announced that the show in Fairborn was the group's first as an official CMA nominee.
Based on a small, but fantastic sample of what the three can do on stage, they'll be taking the stage many times as an award nominee.
By Scott Halasz shalasz@aimmediamidwest.com
Contact Scott Halasz at 937-502-4507.
Contact Scott Halasz at 937-502-4507.
MIAMI – Giants manager Bruce Bochy tensed up and flinched his folded arms when asked how he would approach Giancarlo Stanton, who is in the midst of one of baseball's hottest and most sustained power streaks in years.
“I'm not going to tell you how we'll pitch him,” Bochy said during batting practice Monday. “You're careful. I'll leave it at that.”
The Giants were not careful enough. Stanton tagged Ty Blach for a two-run home run in the first inning. He hit an RBI single on a two-strike, two-out breaking ball in the fourth. Even his outs were the stuff of wonderment in the Giants' 8-3 loss at Marlins Park on Monday.
Stanton almost scraped the roof with his soaring fly ball that Denard Span jumped to catch in front of the center field wall in the third inning.
It was a rare instance when Stanton hit a ball in the air that did not disappear over a fence or smack against a lime green backdrop.
Stanton has hit a home run in five consecutive games, and seven of his last eight. Going back a bit further, he has 10 homers in his last 11 games and 22 in his last 34. Related Articles Giants notes: Bochy relying on Pablo Sandoval to bring energy — and right-handed production, too
Giants' Joe Panik feeling OK after scary blow to the helmet
Sandoval's first homer in Giants second act isn't enough as Nationals earn doubleheader split
Strickland booed but Stratton shines for Giants in Game 1 victory over Nationals
Giants notes: Bryce Harper avoids ligament damage, Giants add extra man for doubleheader
His 43rd home run set a Marlins franchise record and leads the major leagues by a wide margin – even dwarfing the 35 homers that the Yankees' Aaron Judge has hit this year.
Marcell Ozuna added his 27th home run, a solo shot in the fifth inning, and the road-weary Giants simply didn't have the muscle to keep up.
Rumor has it that the Marlins' pending new ownership, led by Derek Jeter, will rip out the electro-convulsive home run sculpture in center field after they take control of the club. At this rate, the Marlins will burn out all the bulbs first.
Their most intriguing intention, though, will be whether they seek to rebuild their roster around Stanton, who is owed $295 million over the next 10 seasons, or attempt to clean the slate by trading the largest payroll obligation in baseball history.
The Giants will be listening. They have made consistent inquiries about Stanton over the years, and they are in need of a quick fix as ownership has tasked the front office with retooling a last-place team into a contender in 2018. Their most glaring deficit, though not their only one, is a lack of right-handed power. In every baseball sense, Stanton represents a fit.
It is no easy task to build a contending club when one megastar is swallowing up such a massive chunk of the payroll. The Giants know something about that from the Barry Bonds years. They've also been successful at it.
Even if Jeter's group pivots toward trading Stanton, it's guesswork whether they would seek out a trading partner willing to haul the biggest chunk of the contract, or if they would prefer to deal with a team that could offer the best package of prospects or major league-ready players.
More likely, it would be a combination. A template might be the massive trade that sent Alex Rodriguez to the Yankees in 2004, when the Texas Rangers received Alfonso Soriano and Joaquin Arias while agreeing to pay down $67 million of $179 million.
This is when you stop and realize: the Dodgers have the largesse of prospects as well as the deep pockets – and that Stanton, who has a full no-trade clause, grew up in the San Fernando Valley attending games at Dodger Stadium.
And you realize: the Marlins' willingness to trade Stanton is just as likely to widen the gulf between the Giants and Dodgers as it represents a means towards closing it.
Stanton, 28, will average $28.5 million over each of the next 10 seasons; there is a $10 million buyout on a $25 million option for 2028, when he will be 38 years old. He also can opt out of his contract after the 2020 season.
There is inherent risk in any long-term contract, and Stanton has played in 120 games just twice in his career.
But watch the spectacle and you reflexively reach for your wallet.
The Giants recovered from Stanton's two-run shot when they batted around in a three-run third inning. Pablo Sandoval, batting right-handed as he attempts to re-establish himself as a switch hitter, singled to start the rally and Denard Span's ground-rule double scored two runs. Span motored around to score from second base on Hunter Pence's single.
But the Marlins responded in the bottom of the third. Dee Gordon singled, tagged up on Stanton's deep out and scored the tying run on Christian Yelich's single.
Then Gordon and Stanton hit RBI singles to put the Marlins ahead in the fourth. Blach (8-8) had second base open and two out when he faced Stanton but stuck his head in the lion's mouth. Stanton took an 0-1 curve for a strike. Blach doubled up on the pitch when he probably should have bounced it. Stanton might have shown the advanced trait of mercy by yanking a mere single through the left side.
The Marlins broke it open against Kyle Crick in a messy seventh inning that included two runs on two walks, a hit batter and a passed ball.
At least the Giants will be better rested and have Madison Bumgarner on the mound when the series resumes on Tuesday. They basically played three games in a 24-hour span over the weekend at Nationals Park, including a split doubleheader Sunday that delayed their arrival to their Miami hotel until almost 5 a.m. Monday.
Apple investor pressed on comments about youth iPhone addiction Hedge fund mogul Barry Rosenstein found himself playing defense on Tuesday. The Jana Partners founder was pressed on his very public move to get Apple to become more socially responsible...
Even Apple investors think kids spend too much time on their iPhones Even hedge fund moguls think kids are spending too much time on their iPhones. Barry Rosenstein's Jana Partners, together with the California State Teachers' Retirement System, are going after Apple...
Jana Partners discloses stake in Outback Steakhouse parent Barry Rosenstein is still hungry for restaurant chains. Rosenstein's Jana Partners hedge fund on Monday disclosed an 8.7 percent stake in Bloomin' Brands, the parent of Outback Steakhouse and Carrabba's...
Jack in the Box shares jump after Jana reveals stake in burger joint Jack in the Box shares popped 4.4 percent on Tuesday after Barry Rosenstein's Jana Partners disclosed it has a stake in the San Diego burger chain. Rosenstein, fresh off his...
Rich Hamptonites paying up to $25K for Cuomo cocktail party Cuomo will be out east this weekend with the 1-percenters, fund-raising for a potential re-election campaign in 2018.
Jana Partners tries blocking pricey energy company merger Jana Partners is trying to block an expensive merger between two energy companies. The Barry Rosenstein-led activist hedge fund announced a 5.8 percent stake in Pittsburgh-based EQT Corporation on Monday,...
Whole Foods announces new CFO amid board shakeup Barry Rosenstein lit a fire under Whole Foods Markets. Just one month after Rosenstein's activist hedge fund Jana Partners announced an 8.3 percent stake in Whole Foods, the high-end grocer...
Time Inc gets a major new investor Time Inc. has a new activist investor, Leon Cooperman's Omega Partners hedge fund. Omega picked up 903,500 Time Inc. shares in the third quarter at an average price of $14.48,...
Time Inc. activist pushes ‘consolidation' plan Barry Rosenstein's Jana Partners, the activist investors who recently bought a stake in Time Inc., are said to be pushing a “consolidation thesis” as one possible way to unlock shareholder...
Many New York ladies can't imagine life without their favorite diamond studs. But years of trendy statement earrings — and the pull of good old gravity — can stretch out earlobes and make it hard for the little suckers to shine.
Laurie, an Upper East Side resident in her 50s, says her ears have grown thin and lightly wrinkled over the years. Her piercings were so stretched that they couldn't hold anything other than a tiny hoop. “I had great ears before — not too big, not too small,” she told The Post. “Now I have my grandmother's ears.”
Her deflated lobes tanked her self-esteem — and seriously limited her jewelry options. “I stopped wearing [dangling] earrings,” says Laurie, who declined to give her last name for privacy reasons. “I don't wear studs, because they'd look terrible . . . they'd hang forward. I'd find little dinky earrings instead.”
So when friends tipped her off to ear fillers, which can plump lobes with a hyaluronic acid such as Restylane, she knew she had to try it.
Dr. Melissa Doft, an uptown plastic surgeon, says that the extra volume from the fillers gives earring posts more cushion, which helps studs stick out straight and allows diamonds to catch the light.
Doft is one of the pioneers of the popular procedure, and she says she stumbled upon the idea by chance. “As I was filling in [my patients'] cheeks, I started saving a little bit of filler and filling out their earlobes,” says Doft, who treated Laurie and her UES pals. Word spread, and soon she started seeing patients for just the ear fillers, which cost between $600 and $800, depending on the amount of filler used. “The response has been great,” she says. “There's just something cuter and younger about it.”
Now, Doft estimates that she sees three to five ear patients per week at her Park Avenue office.
Unlike facial filler procedures, ear injections rarely go awry. There's a small risk of hitting a blood vessel, which could prevent healthy cell turnover, “but you're not going to lose your hearing,” says Doft.
There's also no downtime post-treatment. “You can come in, have it done, and go to a luncheon afterward, or do a pilates class afterward.”
The treatment may seem like something invented to prey on insecurity, but Doft says having floppy earlobes can be surprisingly upsetting. In many cases, she says, her clients most miss wearing the earrings they'd received as mementos of important life events or gifts — a struggle that Doft says she identifies with personally, as she was given a beautiful pair of diamond studs as a “push present.”
‘It happens every day — women will say, “I love the earrings, but I don't love the way they look in my ears.”‘
“Every time I put on my diamonds, I think about that moment of becoming a mother for the first time,” she says. “[It's upsetting] to think they're just going to sit in a safe somewhere, that you don't get to relive those memories.”
Droopy lobes can prevent patients from buying new earrings that they love, too. Jewelry store owner Alice Kwartler says she sees countless customers who would love to splurge on a pair of earrings, but know they won't look good.
“It happens every day — women will say, ‘I love the earrings, but I don't love the way they look in my ears,' ” says Kwartler, who describes her customers as “the same kind of people that would shop at Barneys or Bergdorf's.”
After getting her own ears filled a year and a half ago, Kwartler now sends her clients to Dr. Doft. They'll usually come right back ready to shop.
“I have person after person saying they're now wearing pieces they've had for years and [kept in drawers],” she says. “Or they go out and look for new jewelry.”
Laurie says she'll be doing a little of both after getting her lobes filled at Doft's offices.
“I'm going to go and relook in my little cubbies of earrings, and try on my beautiful earrings that I have,” she says. “This little tiny thing makes such a big difference.”
Schiff: Democrats' memo proves FBI isn't the 'deep state' Rep. Adam Schiff on Sunday said the Democrats' memo countering GOP allegations that the FBI abused surveillance rules to spy on a former Trump campaign official shows the bureau is...
Democrats release memo rebutting GOP claims of surveillance abuse Democrats and Republicans waged war Saturday — using tweets, Congressional memos and even a presidential TV appearance — over whether the FBI misused federal surveillance resources against President Trump's 2016...
Indictment against Russians doesn't clear Trump admin in probe: Schiff The top Democrat on a House committee investigating Moscow meddling in the 2016 election said “of course” an indictment against 13 Russians doesn't clear the Trump administration of possible collusion....
Trump won't release memo because it refutes 'claim of vindication': Schiff The top Democrat on a House panel said on Sunday that President Trump doesn't want to release his party's memo rebutting GOP claims about surveillance abuses by the FBI because...
Trump slams Dems' 'political' response memo on FBI bias President Trump shot back Saturday at Congressional Democrats' efforts to rebut GOP claims of FBI bias in the Russia probe. “The Democrats sent a very political and long response memo...
Civil war brewing inside divided House Intel Committee Relations between Republicans and Democrats on the highly partisan House Intelligence Committee have grown so poisonous that GOP members are planning to wall themselves off from the opposition. A partition...
Russian radio hosts once pranked Adam Schiff with promise of 'naked Trump' photos Russian radio hosts pranked the top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, saying they had compromising images of President Trump, according to a report Tuesday. The Daily Mail posted audio...
House Intel panel votes to release Dems' response to GOP memo WASHINGTON – The House Intelligence Committee Monday night voted unanimously to declassify a Democratic rebuttal to the controversial GOP Russia memo that was released Friday with President Trump's blessing. The...
Daniel Shirley is the sports editor and Mercer beat writer. He joined The Telegraph in 2006.
Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings. SUBSCRIBE
- Advertisement -
The Duchess of Cambridge gave birth to a boy on Monday — her third child with Prince William. The baby boy, whose name has yet to be announced, is fifth in line to the throne.
Prince William's brother, Prince Harry, will have to wait a bit longer now.
NBC News' interactive below takes a look at who's who in the monarchy and the line of succession.
A spokesman for the Denver department that regulates marijuana businesses, Dan Rowland, says the city received an application Friday from a business called the Coffee Joint. The location is in a light industrial area off Interstate 25.
More than three months after Denver officially opened the gates, the first application to allow social marijuana use in a business has landed.
The applicants seek to take advantage of 2016's voter-passed Initiative 300, which made Denver the first in the nation to launch a program allowing limited public consumption at businesses and at permitted events. Patrons must bring their own cannabis.
Entrepeneurs Rita Tsalyuk and Kirill Merkulov plan to open a coffee shop called The Coffee Joint in coming weeks in a gritty industrial area southwest of downtown. The owners have connections to a dispensary next door.
Dan Rowland, the spokesman for Denver's licensing department, confirmed the application for the first cannabis consumption establishment license Monday. He said a public hearing on the license would be set in the next two or three months.
But The Coffee Joint has cleared perhaps the most difficult bar set by extensive administrative rules adopted by city licensing officials over the summer: It has backing from the La Alma-Lincoln Park Neighborhood Association.
“I met with them several times, and one of their members also toured the facility,” Tsalyuk said. “We're going to be good partners.”
Despite the name, the business does not plan to allow the smoking of marijuana.
If the application is approved, its owners plan to allow on-site vaping and consumption of edibles in the 21-and-over business at 1130 Yuma Court, just east of Interstate 25. They will charge a $5 admission fee that includes basic coffee and tea offerings, Tsalyuk said. They hope to offer a welcoming atmosphere, she said, by offering premium drinks and packaged food for sale along with board games, retail items for sale, art and music.
“We will open as a coffee shop in the next couple weeks,” she said. “We hope to open before Christmas,” with just coffee and tea until city approval of their application allows for marijuana consumption.
Tsalyuk said the business also will offer vaping equipment for rent and hopes to offer programs educating patrons about the medicinal benefits of marijuana.
Her husband and Merkulov co-own the next-door dispensary, which is called 1136 Yuma. It opened next door a year ago and now offers both medical and recreational marijuana sales, she said.
Under the rules of Initiative 300, businesses with marijuana sales licenses can't apply for on-site consumption, but they are allowed to open separate businesses.
The initiative requires that patrons bring their own marijuana for use at the business. And business must follow the state's indoor smoking ban, though they can allow vaping indoors.
Applicants also must obtain backing from a nearby neighborhood or business group, which allows those groups to set additional restrictions tailored to the area.
Backers of I-300, which 54 percent of Denver voters approved last year, contend that city officials added too many hassles for potential applicants. Those include location restrictions that made potential applicants in many areas of the city ineligible because they are within 1,000 feet of schools, alcohol and drug treatment centers, and child-care facilities.
State-imposed restrictions on businesses with liquor licenses also make it more difficult for bars to apply. City officials have speculated that it is more likely that coffee shops, yoga studios and other nonalcohol businesses will apply.
Since late August, when the city said it was ready to accept applications, several business owners have expressed interest in I-300 licenses.
But none has pulled the trigger — until now.
